prod_name,rating,rating_count,desc,profile,vitolas,Binder,Filler,Flavored,Has Tip,More Details,Origin,Pressed,Profile,Shapes,Sweet,Wrapper,Brand:
1876 Reserve,Rated 4.3 out of 5, Based on 513 Ratings ,"Even gramps would be proud.On a trip to factories in the Dominican Republic some time ago, I was offered a boatload of a really nice, smooth handmade called 1876 Reserve. I’m guessing the manufacturer either drank too much Dominican rum or his abacus was busted. Don’t get me wrong, I certainly ain’t complaining because I think under normal circumstances it would’ve cost me twice as much to buy what I bought (I better remove his name from the mailing list so he doesn’t see this later). What I do know is that this is an incredibly mellow Dominican cigar that’s well worth our ridiculous 2-fer price. In fact, the buy-in here starts under two bucks apiece! Is that too cheap? Maybe it’s me that’s getting soft in the head. Oh well, if you like easy going cigars, you’ll love this deal.",Mellow,"['Churchill', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Sumatra,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Connecticut,
1876 Reserve Maduro,Rated 4.19 out of 5, Based on 247 Ratings ,"A dark horse from 1876 Reserve.Maestro....drumroll please. And now, without further delay, enter 1876 Reserve Maduro. That's right, the fan-favorite 1876 Reserve now comes draped in a dark, juicy maduro wrapper leaf. The profile is still relatively tame, yet the darker, richer leaf adds a welcomed layer of complexity. And better yet, the price is exactly the same, right around two bucks apiece. I don't like taking credit when it's not due, but I definitely deserve a pat on the back for this one. Well-made Dominican lovelies stuffed with aged Dominican long-fillers and sporting a toothy maduro wrapper, all for pennies on the dollar. You can put this one at the top of the list for best damn value around. ",Mellow-Medium,"['Churchill', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Maduro,
3x3 Tubos by Davidoff,Rated 4.44 out of 5, Based on 16 Ratings ,"3x3 = an Unbridled Winner! There’s tons of cigars that have gone the way of the Dodo bird over the last few years… but perhaps the most sought-after blend post-disappearing act is the famed 3x3. On paper, this cigar shouldn’t work. It’s just a collection of 9 cigars, packaged in three rows of three, that each come in aluminum tubes. But the secret to this one is in the sauce! Handmade by the folks behind the famed Davidoff brand, 3x3 tubos are produced in the Dominican Republic and feature a silky-smooth Ecuadorian Connecticut wrapper leaf. Underneath, you’ll find Dominican binder and long-fillers, delivering a toasty, earthy, slightly spicy profile with a smooth finish you’ll certainly love.",Mellow-Medium,"['Churchill', 'Corona', 'Robusto']",Dominican,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Corona, Robusto",No,Connecticut,Davidoff
5 Vegas Big Five,Rated 4.22 out of 5, Based on 64 Ratings ,"High five! 5 Vegas's first new release in years is big. No, really. These suckers are HUGE. With each size weighing in at a hefty 60-ring gauge, these flavorful heavyweights are the all-you-can-eat buffet of the cigar world. And they're bulked up to contain that massive amount of flavor you'd expect from a 5 Vegas brand. Featuring a silky-smooth Ecuadorian Habano wrapper, these gems are packed to the gills with Habano tobaccos from Jalapa, Ometepe, Condega, and a pinch of ligeros from Esteli. This medium-bodied behemoth hits the spot with rich notes of earth, cedar, and a smooth finish with just a few touches of soft baking spices. Indeed, 5 Vegas delivers another home run here, ladies and gentleman. But what else would you expect from this industry classic that consistently churns out top-notch sticks at working man prices? ",Full,"['Churchill', 'Gordo', 'Torpedo']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Churchill, Gordo, Torpedo",Varies,"Habano, Nicaraguan",5 Vegas
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,Rated 4.5 out of 5, Based on 101 Ratings ,"A luxurious encore presentation.The term ’cask strength’ is a term single-malt scotch and malt whisky enthusiasts are familiar with. Cask strength refers to whiskies that are undiluted, usually creating a powerful bottling strength, high alcohol content, and ample character. That was the inspiration for 5 Vegas Cask-Strength and the blend lives up to the name....and then some.Hailing from Esteli, the cigar-making capital of Nicaragua, 5 Vegas Cask-Strength will captivate you from the get-go. Dressed in a stunning, reddish-hued Corojo wrapper from Nicaragua - one that’s dark and oozing with oils - this 6""x52 Toro is lovingly box-pressed for maximum flavor. Beneath this exquisite wrapper, a bold combination of aged ligeros from Nicaragua, Honduras, and beyond has been expertly blended. Cask-Strength opens with a feisty bouquet loaded with hearty spices. An eventful opening indeed - which prepares the palate for a deep series of oak, cedar, earth, and toast. Spicy throughout with a warm, toasty aroma, expect a full-bodied and full-flavored crescendo as you gradually approach the nub. Marvelous!Cask-Strength is also available in a 6""x60 Firkin size - with loads of extra flavor and body, this cigar is perfect for those who love big-ring value.",Medium-Full,"['Gordo', 'Toro']",Nicaraguan,"Honduran, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,Yes,,"Gordo, Toro",No,Corojo,5 Vegas
5 Vegas Classic,Rated 4.45 out of 5, Based on 751 Ratings ,"A top-seller for nearly two decades!Ain't nothing like a classic, that much is true. Behold, the original, 90-rated 'red label' 5 Vegas Classic....the popular blend that started it all for this beloved brand. It’s hard to argue with two decades of proven quality and even harder to argue with the millions of customers who’ve given 5 Vegas Classic their stamp of approval over the years. In short, this one’s a blue chip that’s somehow remained utterly affordable nearly a quarter century later. Expertly crafted by Nestor Plasencia, 5 Vegas Classic is a savory blend of Cuban-seed long-fillers from Nicaragua and the Dominican Republic paired with a dark, oily Sumatra wrapper. This virtuous combination delivers one of the most consistently delicious, medium-bodied handmades you can get. Rich and creamy notes of deep tobacco flavors mingle with hints of toast, coffee, nuts, and gentle spices on the finish. A ton of complex and satisfying nuances to satisfy even the most fancy-pants critics, eight awesome sizes, one hellaciously affordable cost to you....in short, front row quality at Uecker seat prices. This 90-rated beauty’s got all the right stuff. 5 Vegas Classic received a healthy '90' rating noting: “A solid medium bodied cigar. It is filled with complex earth flavors, and a pleasant coffee ground taste. It is also very smooth."" ",Medium,"['Churchill', 'Corona', 'Double Corona', 'Gordo', 'Lancero/Panatela', 'Robusto', 'Torpedo']",Nicaraguan,"Dominican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,Varies,,"Churchill, Corona, Double Corona, Gordo, Lancero/Panatela, Robusto, Torpedo",No,Sumatra,5 Vegas
5 Vegas Gold,Rated 4.52 out of 5, Based on 1322 Ratings ,"Solid gold.Despite the pomp and circumstance surrounding full-bodied, powerhouse cigars these days, smooth cigars still rule. Without a doubt, the uber-popular 5 Vegas Gold is the perfect example. This gorgeous creature is crafted by industry legend Nestor Plasencia with extensively aged tobaccos, including a beautiful, almost shimmering Ecuador Connecticut wrapper leaf with a rich satiny texture. This charming blend is the big easy. I’ll recite the reasons chapter and verse. Top quality tobaccos? Check. 5 year aged long-fillers? Check. Seamless wrappers? Check. Made in one of Honduras’ top factories? Check. Handsome packaging? Check. Toast the foot and take a draw. You’ll see some spirit up front: a slight nutty taste followed by some zesty peppery notes on the back of the palate. A feisty sucker! But instantly it mellows into a polished smoothness with ample creaminess. It stays utterly consistent from here on out, well-balanced with a sturdy creamy foundation, and booms out thick clouds. What a charmer! Right around medium it is, not super-mellow, but just shy of a middleweight. The fantastic “gold bar” style packaging and an astonishingly reasonable price point round it out. 5 Vegas Gold is a positively delightful blend! ",Mellow-Medium,"['Belicoso', 'Churchill', 'Corona', 'Gordo', 'Gordo Extra', 'Presidente', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Honduran,"Honduran, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Honduras,Varies,,"Belicoso, Churchill, Corona, Gordo, Gordo Extra, Presidente, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Ecuador Connecticut,5 Vegas
5 Vegas Gold Anniversary,Rated 4.67 out of 5, Based on 3 Ratings ,"A golden anniversary, the 5 Vegas way.By now, you’ve probably had a chance to try the 5 Vegas Gold. If not, let me fill you in. 5 Vegas Gold is a juggernaut. The best-selling, mellow premium quickly became one of the most popular blends in the business, and now it’s time to celebrate that legacy with the irresistible 5 Vegas Gold Anniversary line, and one of the best names in the biz when it comes to anniversary editions.Created in collaboration with Nick Perdomo and made in the same factory that brought us the 10th Anniversary Champagne, the Craft Series, and the best-selling Lot 23, this beautiful handmade cigar comes meticulously wrapped in a carefully grown Connecticut leaf, with nearly invisible seams and a satiny, smooth texture. Underneath, a well-aged blend of Nicaraguan fillers gives the smooth, mellow profile a bit of extra spice and a rich character. This cigar is brimming with complexity and nuance, the price is right, and with a name like Perdomo handling production, the word is going to spread like wildfire. It's obvious you can't go wrong with this one, so grab a box and be part of the celebration!",Mellow-Medium,"['Churchill', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,False,,"Churchill, Robusto, Toro",False,Connecticut,5 Vegas
5 Vegas Limitada 2019,Rated 4.8 out of 5, Based on 5 Ratings ,"The wait is over.Listen up! It’s that time of year again, and your eyes aren’t deceiving you. CI Nation’s favorite limited edition release is back for its fourteenth year, and it’s never been quite this tasty. I’m of course talking about the 5 Vegas Limitada, and this year the blend is a bit more complex, but just as smooth as it’s always been.This is the first year the Limitada 2019 has been rolled in a 6” x 50 toro size, and it starts with some seriously high quality tobacco: a high-priming blend of Nicaraguan and Dominican long-fillers, beneath a Cameroon binder and a delicious Nicaragua wrapper. The medium-full bodied flavors of oak, pepper, cedar, and espresso have already captivated the whole office, and has us all wishing it were a mainstay. But alas, nothing this good lasts forever, so you’ll want to act fast and grab your 5 Vegas Limitada 2019 before they’re just a pile of ash and a good memory!",Medium,['Toro'],Cameroon,"Dominican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,Toro,No,Nicaraguan,5 Vegas
5 Vegas Limitada 2020,Rated 4 out of 5, Based on 3 Ratings ,"What time is it?!? You know!For fifteen years now, we here at Cigars International have been bringing all of you in our CI Nation a limited-edition release cigar that knocks the previous year into the wind. Well, I’m happy to say that we have once again we have surpassed our own expectations with the 5 Vegas Limitada 2020!Produced in Estelí Nicaragua, this cigar takes Peruvian and Nicaraguan long-fillers and cloaks them with a dark, oily Connecticut Broadleaf wrapper creating a delicious medium to full-bodied robust flavor profile guaranteed to please the palate. Notes of leather, earth, cedar, and espresso flood the senses throughout the long, slow burn enhancing the experience. The 5 Vegas Limitada 2020 is the perfect cigar to sit back and relax with anytime of the day! It’s that time again…get your limited-edition addition before they are gone!  ",Medium-Full,['Torpedo'],Nicaraguan,"Nicaraguan, Peruvian",False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,False,,Torpedo,False,"Connecticut Broadleaf, Maduro",5 Vegas
5 Vegas Series A,Rated 4.52 out of 5, Based on 686 Ratings ,"Magnificent from A to B.Quite frankly, this has got to be one of the best handmades to ever land at CI, one that has nearly caused our cigar-crazed staff to come unhinged. Covered in a juicy Costa Rican maduro wrapper, it is breathtaking - like an ocean of dark chocolatey goodness - and will make you fumble, stumble and bumble for cutter and lighter. The toothy, dark wrapper in turn hugs a 3-country long-filler blend of 4-year-aged tobaccos, and the whole thing rests for 6 additional months after rolling. 5 Vegas Series 'A' delivers a panoply of robust, medium to full-bodied flavors, including subtle spices and coffee-like notes. The flavorful bouquet includes heavy doses of toasty earthiness served up in a rich but ultimately smooth fashion. The aftertaste is long and pleasant, featuring an enjoyable sweetness that relaxes your palate. The presentation is terrific: nestled inside an attractive, dark, Spanish cedar box, each cigar is handsomely dressed in cedar sleeves. Lastly, for just a few bucks per stick I will boldly state that this cigar may very well be the best bargain in the entire industry. If you are a fan of medium to full-bodied cigars, you owe it to yourself to pull the trigger on a box of ‘A’.Note: The 'Apex' and 'Archetype' sizes both feature box-pressed cigars.",Medium-Full,"['Churchill', 'Corona', 'Gordo', 'Perfecto', 'Robusto', 'Rothschild', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Nicaraguan,"Dominican, Honduran, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,Varies,,"Churchill, Corona, Gordo, Perfecto, Robusto, Rothschild, Toro, Torpedo",No,Costa Rican,5 Vegas
5 Vegas Triple-A,Rated 4.58 out of 5, Based on 117 Ratings ,"5 Vegas + AJ... A Match Made in HeavenI don't want to overstate it, but this cigar is an opportunity for moral improvement....something to enrich your future, broaden your horizons and elevate your standing among peers. It's widely accepted among cigar experts that your transformation from deviant to upstanding citizen will be complete after nubbing your first 5 Vegas Triple-A. I made that up. But it's true that if you like gloriously full and rich, deep and dense blends, you are gonna find Triple-A shockingly refreshing.This devilish handmade is a marvelous creation of bold, finely aged tobaccos precision blended to generate a uniquely satisfying profile. The heart of this blend is its Cuban-seed Nicaraguan ligeros. Fillers from Esteli were chosen for richness and body, Condega fillers were added to promote a dense, aromatic bouquet, and tobaccos from Jalapa contribute balance and smoothness. Together this fine recipe, when topped off with a thick and oily Pennsylvania Broadleaf maduro wrapper - a coal-black beauty that generates a rich array of searing flavors - delivers a full-flavored experience to the core, with cascading notes of oak, leather, espresso, and toasty spices throughout. A hint of sweetness lingers after each puff, just before the dense, charcoal-like aroma fills the nostrils. Each of the flavors seems to come consecutively, a series of layered sensations that hits your senses without overwhelming the palate at any given point. Man. I just re-read that. Was it over the top? All I know is I am diggin' this cigar - it's become #1 in my rotation among full-bodied 'gars. ",Full,['Robusto'],Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,Robusto,No,Maduro,5 Vegas
601 Blue Label Maduro,Rated 4.69 out of 5, Based on 26 Ratings ,"A box-press beauty from Erik Espinosa.As if 601 Serie wasn't good enough, Erik Espinosa decided to raise the bar with this maduro-wrapped lovely finished in box-pressed format. On the outside, a dark Nicaraguan maduro glistens with oils and boasts a mouthwatering, toothy texture. Inside, a robust blend of aged Cuban-seed long-leaf tobaccos marries to promote a rich, medium to full-bodied profile layered with satisfying flavors.Expect a classic combination of earth and coffee complemented by a touch of spice on the finish. Naturally, quality is top-notch with each slow-burning cigar, so sit back and savor this impressive super-premium. Stack 601 up against any other box-pressed maduro on the market — we're sure you'll be pleasantly surprised.601 Blue Label Maduro received a healthy, 93-point rating, which noted: ""A thick, box-pressed cigar with a triple-seam cap and dark, clean wrapper. The substantial draw layers the palate with a chewy, complex smoke full of dark-roasted espresso bean flavours, touches of almond, and caramel.""",Full,"['Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,Yes,,"Gordo, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Habano Maduro,601 Cigars
601 Green Oscuro,Rated 4.76 out of 5, Based on 29 Ratings ,"Another powerhouse from 601.Just when you thought 601 Serie couldn’t get any stronger, another fantastic, full-bodied brute has made its way onto the scene. Dressed in a dark, leathery Habano Oscuro wrapper from Nicaragua, this bold handmade employs an extensively aged mixture of Cuban-seed Nicaraguan long-fillers to create a real sparkplug of a cigar. Each 601 Green Oscuro is meticulously handmade to deliver a potent array of balanced flavor. Heavy in the hand and oily to the touch, the 601 Green Oscuro coats the palate with a dense bouquet loaded with rich, chocolatey flavors, coffee undertones, peppery nuances, and a long, toasty aftertaste.Great news! 601 Green Oscuro received a well-deserved, 90-point rating, noting: ""Dark and lush with good oils. This is a notably spicy perfecto with a core of leather flavors and a long finish. A medium- to full-bodied cigar.""",Medium-Full,"['Corona', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Corona, Gordo, Robusto, Toro",No,Habano Oscuro,601 Cigars
601 La Bomba,Rated 4.58 out of 5, Based on 53 Ratings ,"Insert bomb joke here.The 'bomb' jokes flow all too easy with this one, and normally I'd be joining the fun. But after seeing countless 'bomb' references strewn everywhere, I'm going to take the higher ground with a more direct approach. Introducing, the 601 La Bomba.​La Bomba hails from the mind and hands of Erik Espinosa, and just to preface something, the blend definitely isn't for the timid. Dressed in a dark, oily Nicaraguan Habano wrapper, and teeming with extra fermented, extra feisty Nicarguan ligero long-fillers, this is one of 601's strongest creations to date. About as subtle as a bull in a china shop, La Bomba has no warm up, no gradual build, it charges at you full-tilt from the very first puff. Underlying traces of red pepper, nuts, cocoa, leather and espresso all make a cameo. Full-bodied and balanced, it's no doubt one of the most intriguing handmades in the 601 portfolio.601 La Bomba has received numerous high ratings, including a 91-rating noting: ""A strong cigar with a bold, earthy combination of raw cocoa bean and salty leather. Despite its power and dense smoke, there are hints of chocolate on the finish.""",Full,"['Corona', 'Gordo', 'Robusto']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Corona, Gordo, Robusto",No,Habano,601 Cigars
601 Red Habano,Rated 4.25 out of 5, Based on 16 Ratings ,"Another gem from 601.Handmade in Erik Espinosa's boutique Nicaraguan factory, the 601 Serie Red employs a silky Nicaraguan Habano wrapper. It sorta reminds me of Cuba’s Ramon Allones Specially Selected (right down to the fur and smell). Nestled within this leaf, lies a potent blend of aged Nicaraguan long-fillers. Each 601 Red Label features dominant notes of earth and sweetness lingering on the back of the palate as waves of velvety flavor greets the senses. It's got some power, but the smoothness and balance help to mask its strength. Medium to full-bodied, and extremely well-made, you are in for a treat with the 601 Serie Red.601 Red Label Habano received a 93-rating, noting: ""A pointy torpedo whose nutty, woody core of cedar and walnuts is framed by notes of honeyed tea and a mineral finish.""",Medium,"['Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Gordo, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Habano,601 Cigars
601 Snakebite,Rated 4.71 out of 5, Based on 17 Ratings ,"Venomously flavorful 601 cigars can do anything they want. It’s true – just check out some of Erik Espinosa’s past work. From the straight-laced Blue and Red Label, to the wild Wasabi, Espinosa is a font of great ideas, and today, we’re checking out his most recent blend: 601 Snakebite. Dismiss this cigar as a gimmick and you’d be dead wrong, my friend. Snakebite is the newest premium offering from Espinosa’s La Zona factory, and it’s good. Damn good indeed. Up front with 601 Snakebite you’ll find a deep, dark Sumatra wrapper leaf that’s been aged to perfection. Joined by binder and long-filler grown in the rich, volcanic soils of Esteli, Nicaragua, it’s no wonder this stick packs so much flavor. You might be expecting a powerhouse blend here, but it’s actually more of a medium-bodied morsel. Flavors of buttery smooth spice match up with leather and dark espresso to deliver a complex and enjoyable ride. ",Medium-Full,"['Churchill', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Churchill, Gordo, Robusto, Toro",No,Ecuador Sumatra,601 Cigars
601 Steel,Rated 4.58 out of 5,,"Strong as steelHailing from La Zona – a factory claiming 2015 small operations factory of the year awards – comes another powerhouse blend from the 601 line. In this small factory in Estelí, Nicaragua, Erik Espinosa has been working hard with an excellent team of torcedores to produce boutique cigars that that have been taking 90+ ratings like they’re going out of style. 601 Steel is a Nicaraguan puro that employs a super dark Habano Oscuro wrapper atop Nicaraguan fillers and binder. With each puff you’ll be attacked by a full-body profile. Strong indeed, but easy enough on the palate to enjoy. Off the bat you’ll be barraged with red and black pepper but a few minutes in, the intensity settles and enjoyable notes of coffee, cocoa, cream, nuts, and cedar ensue. If you’re into the full-bodied boutiques, be sure to give this one a taste. ",Full,['Corona Extra'],Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,Corona Extra,No,Habano Oscuro,601 Cigars
601 White Connecticut,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 2 Ratings ,"601 Connecticut - Here to stay601 Cigars are a highly rated boutique cigar brand produced by Erik Espinosa in his La Zona Factory in Esteli, Nicargaua. From the 93-rated Maduro, to the 92-rated Habano, and the 90-rated Oscuro, they’ve created a top-notch blend for most wrapper types out there. Over the years they’ve tried a few different Connecticut blends, but they all seemed to be pulled from the market shortly after their release. Well, we’ve got some good news - 601 White Label Connecticut is back, and this time it’s here to stay.  601 White Connecticut arrives in a light brown Ecuador Connecticut wrapper with a Cuban style triple cap. Underneath this mellow leaf are stronger tobaccos. A Nicaraguan binder and long-fillers from both Esteli and Jalapa, Nicaragua. Overall, it’s a smooth medium-bodied blend that stays interesting from start to finish. There are notes of hay, wood, a slight nuttiness, and a pleasant creaminess. Packaged in boxes of 15, this cigar has all the boutique charm you want, at prices you can afford. ",Medium,"['Churchill', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Churchill, Robusto, Toro",No,Ecuador Connecticut,
A. Flores AFR-75 San Andres Maduro,Rated 4.5 out of 5,,"A blend that fully honors the legacy.AFR-75 was released at the 2013 IPCPR as a tribute to Abe Flores, blender extraordinaire from Pinar del Rio. This is a rich and full-bodied blend topped in a dark, oily San Andres Maduro wrapper. The real treat comes on the inside, however, where a gorgeous blend of rare Nicaraguan Criollo ’98, Connecticut Broadleaf, and Dominican filler leaves impart plenty of flavor. The overall character is rich, creamy, and delightful. With a limited release of just 500 boxes per year, and available in your choice of three sizes, this is one you won’t want to pass up. ",Full,"['Gordo', 'Short Robusto']",,"Connecticut, Dominican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Gordo, Short Robusto",No,Maduro,
A. Flores Gran Reserva Corojo,Rated 5 out of 5,,"This is a tribute.In the cigar world, tributes are fairly common. Blends are made to commemorate anniversaries, people, legacies, and legends. And this treasure from Pinar del Rio, first released at 2013’s IPCPR, also happens to pay homage to someone pretty darn special. This handmade is meticulously crafted in honor of Abe Flores, the man you probably know as one of the best and brightest blenders in the business. Each A. Flores Gran Reserva Corojo is crafted using a Dominican binder, a bevy of Nicaraguan Habano filler leaves, and topped in an extensively aged 2006 Dominican Corojo wrapper. The result is medium in body, rich, and creamy. Plus with a limited run it has that whole “exclusive and elusive” thing going for it. Have your fill now, or thoroughly regret it later.Note: A. Flores Gran Reserva has recently undergone a packaging update. We currently have a mix of old and new packaging, but the blend is exactly the same.",Medium,"['Gordo', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",,"Dominican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Gordo, Toro, Torpedo",No,Corojo,Pinar del Rio
A. Flores Gran Reserva Desflorado,Rated 4.74 out of 5,,"These flowers were picked just for you. Abe Flores has been studying the mastery of cigar making for years, and it’s evident with the cigar at hand. The third addition to the Gran Reserva line, dubbed Desflorado, makes use of a technique that redirects the nutrients gained from sunlight straight to the tobacco plant's leaf, by cutting off the flower off of the plant. Desflorado literally translates to deflower, and the technique’s result is immediately evident in Desflorado’s medium-bodied full-flavor.Strapped with a pristine Ecuadorian Connecticut seed wrapper and dual binders from Nicaragua and Ecuador, Desflorado is packed with supremely fermented long-fillers from the Dominican Republic and Nicaragua. This 3-country cocktail coats the palate with enjoyable notes of creamy cedar, raisin, and a very subtle spice. Try one for yourself to see just how much the Desflorado can enhance your cigar experience. ​Note: A. Flores Gran Reserva has recently undergone a packaging update. We currently have a mix of old and new packaging, but the blend is exactly the same.",Medium,"['Corona', 'Gordo', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']","Habano, Nicaraguan","Dominican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Corona, Gordo, Toro, Torpedo",No,Ecuador Connecticut,Pinar del Rio
A. Flores Gran Reserva Sun Grown,Rated 4.5 out of 5,,"Blessed by the sunA. Flores Gran Reserve Sun Grown comes from one of the hottest boutique cigar makers in the game - PDR. The medium to full-bodied blend reminds people of the Corojo wrapped version, but with less intensity. What comes through is a smooth blend with notes of cream, hay, earth, and coffee to give you an experience you won't soon forget. This is a complex and enjoyable blend that surely deserves a place on your top shelf, and CI is bringing you boxes for the lowest price anywhere. Note: A. Flores Gran Reserva has recently undergone a packaging update. We currently have a mix of old and new packaging, but the blend is exactly the same.",Medium-Full,"['Corona', 'Gordo', 'Toro']",Dominican,"Dominican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Corona, Gordo, Toro",No,"Ecuador Habano, Sun Grown",Pinar del Rio
A. Flores Serie Privada,Rated 4.5 out of 5, Based on 6 Ratings ,"So vintage.Pinar del Rio’s second release of 2012 utilizes some of the oldest tobacco on hand in the factory, which explains what makes it so good. This medium-bodied blend opens perfectly with a natural sweetness, then swiftly follows up with a kick of spice that will drive your palate wild. Serie Privada is available in two Ecuadorian wrappers – Habano or Maduro – so go ahead and take your pick. Created as a tribute to Abe Flores, a master blender responsible for a host of 90+ rated lovelies, this is one stunning handmade that will get your juices flowing.",Medium,"['Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']","Habano, Nicaraguan","Dominican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Gordo, Robusto, Toro",No,Ecuador Habano,Pinar del Rio
Abacus Cigars by Cult,Rated 4.67 out of 5,,"This Abacus equates to a fine cigarCult cigars are far from ordinary. You probably guessed that by the name. Starting out as a small boutique production at the TACASA factory in Esteli, Nicaragua, Cult has developed quite the following once word got out of the phenomenal quality put into their cigars. Abacus by Cult adds up to the same great taste and quality you expect. Featuring Nicaraguan fillers covered by a spicy Ecuador Habano wrapper, Abacus by Cult is riveted with flavor of black pepper, espresso, leather, and a hint of baking spice. Once you try a Cult cigar like Abacus, you’ll join the loyal bandwagon of this boutique brand.",Medium,['Torpedo'],,,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,Torpedo,No,Habano,Cult
ACID 20 by Drew Estate,Rated 4.75 out of 5, Based on 16 Ratings ,"20 years and they just won’t stop.20 years ago, a little cigar called ACID hit the market. If you haven’t heard of it, I’ll fill you in- It’s an absolutely delectable stick imbued with herbs, botanicals, and essential oils, with the recipe and infusion process one of the most closely-guarded secrets in the world of cigars. No one had seen anything like it and no one has been able to successfully copy them to this day, and there are tons of ACID blends to fit any palate. The ACID 20 is the latest addition to this impressive and unique portfolio, and it’s the best ACID released since the omnipresent Kuba Kuba. Featuring a sweet-tipped Mexican San Andres wrapper over an Indonesian binder and Nicaraguan fillers, this 5” x 52 box-pressed beauty is a blend truly deserving of this milestone release. The medium-bodied profile is the perfect expression of all that Drew Estate has learned from slingin’ ACIDs for 20 years. There’s nothing on the market quite like ACID, and no ACID like the 20, so make sure you grab enough to last you until their 40th anniversary release!",Medium,"['Robusto', 'Toro']",Indonesian,Nicaraguan,False,False,More Details,Nicaragua,Varies,,"Robusto, Toro",Varies,San Andres,Drew Estate Cigars
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,Rated 4.74 out of 5, Based on 1834 Ratings ,"#1 For a ReasonACID cigars always create excitement. But whether it's your cup of tea or not, you gotta hand it to Drew Estate - the ACID brand is in constant demand. No one can come close to the one-of-a-kind blends, aromas and shapes each ACID cigar provides. The tobaccos are cured in areas called cuarto aromaticos (aroma rooms) for months prior to rolling - these rooms are lined with over 150 different essential herbs, oils and botanicals imbued into the cigars over time. Handmade in Nicaragua with all natural ingredients, each ACID cigar size offers a distinct flavor and aroma. Below is a summary of each blend.ACID by Drew Estate:ACID One: non-aromatic: Cameroon wrapper; torpedoACID 1400cc: robusto in glass tubes: creamy with strong aromatic qualitiesACID Atom: maduro: medium-full bodied, richACID Blondie: small powerhouse cigar; slightly sweetACID Blondie Maduro: small maduro wrapped powerhouse; slightly sweetACID Blondie Belicoso: Blondie's delicious flavor in a larger sizeACID Blondie Red: a rich twist on the classic BlondieACID Blondie Gold: possibly the smoothest Blondie there isACID Blondie Candela: lean, mean, green machine; notes of tea and sugarACID c-notes: small cigarillos; medium-bodied and richACID Cold Infusion: smooth, refreshing tasteACID Deep Dish: rich and velvety with toasty sweetnessACID Earthiness: very full-bodied coronaACID Extra Ordinary Larry: huge size; sweet spice flavorsACID Kuba Deluxe Tubo: toro-sized Kuba Kuba; smooth and mellowACID Kuba Kuba: fat robusto; medium-bodiedACID Kuba Kuba Maduro: a rich twist on an ACID favoriteACID Kuba Kuba Candela: green, sweet and exceedingly uniqueACID Liquid: robusto; fuller, rich tasteACID Nasty: short pyramid shaped maduro; chocolateyACID Roam: creamy taste with a hint of floral aromaACID Toast: mellow and sweet; rich tobacco and black cherry notesACID Wafe: a super-thin, box-pressed blend that's big on flavorG-Fresh: A pack of 5 individually-wrapped ACID cigarsACID Plush: Broadleaf wrapped; rich & hearty, fuller flavorsCroqueta: 2 short San Andres wrapped sticks in a single tube. Plus, check out the Limited Edition ACID blend:ACID Ltd. Def Sea: ultra smooth double torpedo; best seller",,"['Belicoso', 'Churchill', 'Cigarillos', 'Corona', 'Double Perfecto', 'Gordo', 'Lancero/Panatela', 'Petite Corona', 'Pyramid', 'Robusto', 'Short Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,Varies,No,More Details,Nicaragua,Varies,,"Belicoso, Churchill, Cigarillos, Corona, Double Perfecto, Gordo, Lancero/Panatela, Petite Corona, Pyramid, Robusto, Short Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",Varies,"Cameroon, Candela, Connecticut, Connecticut Broadleaf, San Andres, Sumatra",Drew Estate Cigars
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,Rated 4.75 out of 5, Based on 449 Ratings ,"Blondies have more fun! ACID Cigars are #1 with a bullet when we're talking about the best infused cigars on the market. That's not even a question. And there's one line within the ACID brand that reigns supreme over them all — Blondie. Originally offered in a 4"" x 38 Sumatra wrapped version, Blondie has spawned tons of sequels and spin-offs, each just as delicious as the last. Featured below is the entire Blondie line. Each vitola in this chart-topping brand is handcrafted, and spends time in Drew Estate's aromatic rooms where over 150 essential oils and botanicals slowly influences the flavor of the final blend. The ACID Blondie line includes:ACID Blondie: small powerhouse cigar; slightly sweetACID Blondie Maduro: small maduro wrapped powerhouse; slightly sweetACID Blondie Belicoso: Blondie's delicious flavor in a larger sizeACID Blondie Red: a rich twist on the classic BlondieACID Blondie Gold: possibly the smoothest Blondie there isACID Blondie Candela: lean, mean, green machine; notes of tea and sugar",Mellow-Medium,"['Belicoso', 'Petite Corona']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Belicoso, Petite Corona",Yes,"Cameroon, Connecticut, Sumatra",Drew Estate Cigars
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,Rated 4.69 out of 5, Based on 87 Ratings ,"​The finest ACID yet.No cigar has built a following quite like ACID by Drew Estate. Through a unique infusion process, Jonathan Drew takes traditional cigars made with superior, aged tobaccos and carefully enhances them with select oils, herbs, and botanicals. This process produces an extremely unique cigar with savory flavor profiles and hypnotizing aromas.ACID Opulence 3 takes things up a notch, thanks to a beautiful, aged San Andres maduro wrapper that’s rich, chewy, and loaded with natural oils. Beneath this leaf, a complex mixture of vintage, Cuban-seed long-fillers from Nicaragua was blended. After a painstaking infusion process, the Opulence 3 delivers a delicious array of rich tobacco flavors with a sweet, aromatic influence. The profile is deep in intriguing flavors and satisfying from start to finish, giving you a truly one-of-a-kind experience from the creative genius of Drew Estate.",Medium,"['Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",Yes,San Andres,Drew Estate Cigars
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,Rated 4.8 out of 5, Based on 778 Ratings ,"The ACID ChampionIf you told me that Kuba Kuba was the best-selling cigar in the world, I wouldn't blink twice. Ask any cigar lover you know, and chances are they've enjoyed an ACID cigar at some point. Chances are even better that it was a Kuba Kuba. Originally offered in just one vitola, the Kuba line has now extended into a brand all by itself, with a variety of wrappers, sizes, and blends in the mix. Listed below are all of the best-selling Kuba Kuba offerings — if you've never tried this grade-A infused cigar before, now's the perfect opportunity. The ACID Kuba Kuba line includes:ACID Kuba Kuba: the original; a fat robusto, medium-bodiedACID Kuba Kuba Maduro: a darker, richer twist on an ACID favoriteACID Kuba Kuba Candela: green, sweet and exceedingly uniqueACID Kuba Deluxe Tubo: toro-sized Kuba Kuba; smooth and mellowACID Kuba Kuba Grande: limited edition gordo size; slow-burning",Mellow-Medium,"['Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Gordo, Robusto, Toro",Yes,"Cameroon, Candela, Connecticut Broadleaf, Sumatra",Drew Estate Cigars
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,Rated 3.94 out of 5, Based on 66 Ratings ,"My personal favorite in the ACID cigar line.Drew Estate's ACID cigar line is undeniably the best line of infused cigars on the market. Year after year, these blends are at the top of the charts. And Def Sea is one of the best-sellers in the whole lot. Indeed, I am not alone when I say the Def Sea is my favorite blend from Drew Estate's highly enjoyable ACID family of cigars. In fact, many believe this big perfecto is the tastiest cigar Drew Estate manufacturers. ACID Ltd. Def Sea showcases a well cured Sumatra seed wrapper. This silky and reddish wrapper leaf perfectly blankets a mixture of Nicaraguan long-fillers underneath to create a pleasant medium-bodied experience. Def Sea is infused with an exotic mixture of honey water, jasmine, and double cured sugar cane extract. The result is a masterpiece. Experience a highly unique profile layered with rich tobacco flavors, complemented by sweet, soothing aromas and nuances.",Medium,['Double Perfecto'],Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,True,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,Double Perfecto,Yes,Sumatra,Drew Estate Cigars
AFR-75 San Andres Claro,Rated 4.5 out of 5,,"Reviving the legacyAbe Flores makes tons of fantastic cigars in his Dominican Republic based factory (home of PDR cigars), but perhaps the finest blends to leave the building are the A. Flores AFRs. Only rolled by Abe’s four most-skilled torcedors, and utilizing the finest, hand-selected tobacco leaves, AFR-75 truly represents one of the most respectable blends on the market. Today, we’re looking at the Claro version of this masterpiece. Utilizing a lighter-colored Mexican wrapper leaf, AFR-75 Claro features a Nicaraguan Criollo ’98 binder and long-filler leaves from the Dominican Republic, Nicaragua, and the United States. Delivering a mixture of cream, cedar, and a slightly fruity note, AFR-75 Claro is delicious down to the nub. If you’ve ever enjoyed one of PDR’s cigars, you owe it to yourself to try the AFR-75 Claro ASAP. ",Medium,"['Churchill', 'Gordo', 'Short Robusto', 'Toro']",Criollo '98,"Dominican, Nicaraguan, United States",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Gordo, Short Robusto, Toro",No,San Andres,
Aganorsa Leaf Connecticut,Rated 4 out of 5, Based on 3 Ratings ,"Not your daddy’s Connecticut! In the past few years, Connecticut cigars have evolved dramatically. Originally known for being mellow and not particularly flavorful cigars, today’s Connecticut blends are full-flavored while retaining their smooth and creamy body. The Aganorsa Leaf Connecticut is an awesome example of the new Connecticut trend: a flavorful and unique cigar that you can enjoy first thing in the morning. Though this cigar is relatively new, the seeds of the blend were planted back in 1998 when Eduardo Fernandez traveled to Nicaragua with a dream to grow the finest tobaccos available. Capturing the essence of Cuban cigars of old, the Aganorsa brand is now responsible for some of the best tobaccos on the planet. This Connecticut booms forward with a sweet and creamy flavor profile, along with hints of cedar and chocolate. ",Medium,"['Churchill', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Varied,Varied,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Churchill, Robusto, Toro",No,Ecuador Connecticut,Casa Fernandez
Aganorsa Leaf Signature Selection,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 3 Ratings ,"Sign here for maximum flavorThe AGANORSA farm has long been growing and cultivating premium Nicaraguan tobaccos. Indeed, if you’ve been around the block here a few times, you’ve likely enjoyed cigars featuring their tobaccos without even knowing. That’s why we were stoked when Aganorsa announced they’d be creating their own line of premium cigars a few years back, showcasing all their impressive farm has to offer. Today, we welcome one of the rarest and most sought-after Aganorsa cigars to the sunny shores of CI: the Signature Selection. Aged for a total of seven long years, each Aganorsa Leaf Signature Selection offers a rotund and unique cigar experience. That’s thanks to the small amount of medio tempo leaf included in each cigar. To put it in layman’s terms, this tobacco is a cigar nerd’s dream – super flavorful, balanced, and incredibly rare. Additionally, you’ll find a Rosado claro Corojo ’99 wrapper leaf overtop Criollo ’98 and Corojo ’99 long-fillers. Rich, sweet, and spicy, the Aganorsa Leaf Signature Selection is the full package. Good news, the AGANORSA Leaf Signature Selection has earned an awesome 91-point rating, noting; ""An attractive belicoso that smokes evenly, leaving delicate impressions of nuts, bread and cinnamon on the palate, along with salty touches of leather. The finish hints of walnut shell.""",Medium-Full,"['Belicoso', 'Corona', 'Robusto', 'Toro']","Corojo, Criollo '98",,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Belicoso, Corona, Robusto, Toro",No,Corojo,Casa Fernandez
Aganorsa Signature Maduro,Rated 4 out of 5,,"It’s been a long time coming.Aganorsa used to be a name that you’d only hear if you were on the production side of premium cigars. Having grown some of the best tobacco in the biz for decades, it was only a short time ago that Eduardo Fernandez made the jump from tobacco supplier to cigar producer. But for the last 20 years, Eduardo has dreamed of growing and producing a naturally dark maduro leaf from his best farms in Nicaragua. That dream come true is what you see adorning the Aganorsa Signature Maduro.Riding on the success of the original Aganorsa Signature, the Signature Maduro replaces the Rosado Corojo wrapper with a Cuban-seed Corojo 99 maduro leaf over Nicaraguan fillers & binder, all harvested from Aganorsa’s fields. The resulting product is excellently constructed and extensively aged, so it’s ready to pump out full-bodied notes of earth, leather, pepper, and cedar the moment it arrives on your doorstep. The original Signature received a 91-point rating and is always flying off the shelves, so grab a box of the maduro-wrapped version while you still have a chance!",Medium-Full,"['Corona Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,False,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Corona Gordo, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Nicaraguan,Casa Fernandez
Aging Room Bin No. 1,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 1 Rating ,"New Aging Room, nuff’ said.The guys who brought you the #1 non-Cuban Cigar of the Year in 2013 have reemerged with a blend that is sure to captivate the masses, Aging Room Bin #1. Hailing from Tabacalera La Palma, famed master blenders Jochi Blanco and Rafael Nodal have collaborated to design an absolute treasure. Its conception lies in superbly aged tobaccos dating back to 1999 and 2001 that have been preserved from the legendary growing region of the Cibao Valley in the Dominican Republic. Agin Room Bin No. 1 contains mature tobaccos, delivering a well-balanced cigar and producing a true medium-bodied profile with a wonderfully unique natural sweetness. The unique Cuban-seed tobaccos are the backbone of this project, acting as the filler and binder. Encapsulated by a pristine Ecuadorian Habano wrapper, Aging Room Bin #1 will be biting at its big brother’s heels in no time. Aging Room Bin No. 1 also received a 91-rating from Cigar Insider noting: ""Strong, spicy first puffs mellow out to show a meaty, leathery smoke with touches of ground peppercorn and a hint of graham cracker. Hearty and bold.""",Medium,"['Robusto', 'Toro']",Dominican,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Robusto, Toro",No,Ecuador Habano,Aging Room Cigars
Aging Room Bin No. 2,Rated 5 out of 5,,"A symphony for your taste buds.When a true connoisseur lights up a stick, they expect more than just one flavor note. A great cigar should have concerto of flavors, rolling across the palate like a marching band. The components need to work together in harmony, balancing bright treble flavors with a rich, deep, bass-like bottom, and a distinct mid-range of providing contrasts and textures that keep things interesting. That’s exactly what you’ll get with this latest release from the minds at Aging Room.The tobacco in this special release was all hand-selected and blended by Rafael Nodal of Plasencia fame, and it all originates from the volcanic soils on the Nicaraguan island of Ometepe. This unusually rich soil produces tobacco like no other, and this puro exhibits the strength and complexity so characteristic of the island. Earthy, spicy notes of leather and wood are waiting to grace your next herf, with a heavy texture and lasting finish. Grab a box today, and see what sweet sweet music Aging Room and Rafael Nodal can make. ",Full,"['Double Robusto', 'Gordo', 'Robusto']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,False,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Double Robusto, Gordo, Robusto",No,Nicaraguan,Aging Room Cigars
Aging Room by Rafael Nodal Connecticut,Rated 4 out of 5,,"The DR Gets a Little SmootherRafael Nodal — the man behind ‘Aging Room’ cigars and the 95-rated Quattro F55 blend. Altadis USA — the brains behind such successful Connecticut cigars as the Montecristo White Vintage and Romeo y Julieta Reserva Real. Today, these two minds have joined forces, putting their collaborative efforts towards producing some of the best cigars money can buy. Case in point? The new Aging Room by Rafael Nodal Connecticut. There’s some cigars you just know you’re going to love from the first glance, and Aging Room Connecticut most certainly fits that bill. If you’re constantly searching for a perfect “Sunday morning” cigar to enjoy with the news and a cup of coffee, look no further. This Dominican handmade gets the job done most handsomely with its flawless Ecuadorian Connecticut wrapper leaf delivering a perfect flavor for your first cigar of the day. Creamy and smooth, the Aging Room Connecticut finishes with just the slightest hints of black pepper. ",Mellow-Medium,"['Churchill', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Dominican,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Robusto, Toro",No,Ecuador Connecticut,Aging Room Cigars
Aging Room by Rafael Nodal Habano,Rated 4 out of 5,,"Habano – How bout yes? Since the inception of the Boutique Brand portfolio, brand owner Rafael Nodal has been obsessed with consistency and quality. This relentless pursuit of perfection carried through to all of his work, and it showed — not only was every Aging Room cigar guaranteed to give you a near flawless experience, the critics also rated the original Quattro F55 the highest non-Cuban cigar in 2013. Today, Rafael has joined forces with the folks behind Romeo y Julieta and Montecristo, but he’s kept his small-brand, meticulous-attention-to-detail mindset.Besides expanding on his successful “Quattro” line, Nodal has also decided to create a ‘Core’ brand of cigars, like the one you’re gazing at today. Aging Room by Rafael Nodal Habano is a Cuban-esque gem of the highest pedigree. Containing Dominican binder and long-fillers, cloaked by a Dominican Habano wrapper, this puro greets you with a medium-bodied profile of natural sweetness, earth, and a grassy quality.",Medium-Full,"['Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Dominican,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Gordo, Robusto, Toro",No,"Dominican, Habano",Aging Room Cigars
Aging Room by Rafael Nodal Maduro,Rated 4.83 out of 5,,"Rafael Brings the Dark ChocolateRafael Nodal, the man behind the successful ‘Boutique Brands’ line of Aging Room Cigars, is no stranger to Maduro. Just look at the success of the original F55 Maduro, a blend that’s been pleasing palates and impressing the critics for years. So when he decided he wanted to launch a new line of “core” Aging Room offerings, featuring a Maduro blend at the center, we were most certainly excited. And let me assure you — Aging Room by Rafael Nodal Maduro doesn’t disappoint. Cloaked in a milk chocolate brown Nicaraguan Maduro wrapper leaf, this Dominican handmade looks, smells, and tastes mouthwateringly delicious. From the word go, a medium to full-bodied mixture of dark chocolate, leather, and coffee bean flavors meld together in a smooth profile with a warm, toasty finish. ",Medium-Full,"['Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Dominican,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Gordo, Robusto, Toro",No,"Maduro, San Andres",Aging Room Cigars
Aging Room Pelo de Oro,Rated 5 out of 5,,"Gimme More-o of that Oro!Rafael Nodal’s name is synonymous with ‘unique’. He regularly utilizes some of the finest and most distinct tobaccos for his creations and the results speak for themselves. For the Pelo de Oro, Nodal teamed with AJ Fernandez for a truly fantastic cigar.For this handmade, a specially selected, dark Nicaraguan wrapper was carefully placed around rare Pelo de Oro fillers to create a naturally sweet flavor with a hint of spice and chocolate that will surely satisfy...but only if you can get your hands on them. When two true blend masters like AJ Fernandez and Rafael Nodal create something together, you know it won’t last long, and this small batch release is no exception. Limited quantities are available and once the last one is gone, that’s all she wrote.",Medium,['Robusto'],Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,Robusto,No,Nicaraguan,Aging Room Cigars
Aging Room Pura Cepa,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 2 Ratings ,"A purebred winner!Aging Room cigars entered the game as proven winners. Just check out the F55 Concerto – it wasn’t long ago that this 95-rated cigar was the highest-rated, non-Cuban blend of the year. Since then, the brand has grown and expanded, but has always kept its core idea the same: offering up a bevy of boutique blends that combine consistency with complexity and premium aged tobaccos. Today, we’re looking at Aging Room’s newest release, the Pura Cepa. A 100% Nicaraguan puro, Aging Room Pura Cepa featured an oily Habano wrapper leaf over a perfect blend of Nicaraguan long-fillers from Ometepe, Jalapa, Esteli and Condega. Crafted by Rafael Nodal and produced at the renowned Nestor Plasencia factory in Esteli, Pura Cepa delivers an overtly rich profile that delivers perfect harmony on every puff.Good news! Aging Room Pura Cepa has received a well-deserved 90-point rating, noting: ""This well-made robusto has a lush draw and even burn. Its earthy smoke is sweetened by touches of almonds, cocoa and honeyed wood before a black cherry finish.""",Full,"['Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Gordo, Robusto, Toro",No,Nicaraguan,Aging Room Cigars
Aging Room Quattro Connecticut,Rated 4 out of 5, Based on 1 Rating ,"Aging Room Quattro – Four Lines to LoveThe original Aging Room Quattro releases (F55 and F55 Maduro) were, arguably, two of the best blends Rafael Nodal has ever done. I mean, how many cigars can claim they were the highest rated non-Cuban blend in a year? Not many. Today, F55 has been rebranded into the Quattro line, and we’re staring down the barrel of something I’ve personally been waiting a long time for: presenting the smoothest addition to the Quattro name, Aging Room Quattro Connecticut. Handmade in the Dominican Republic and blended as a collaboration between Rafael Nodal and the folks behind such monstrously successful brands as Romeo y Juliet and Montecristo, it’s no wonder Quattro Connecticut is such a stunner. Up to, a smooth Ecuadorian Connecticut wrapper melds perfectly into Dominican binder and long-fillers to bring you a lusciously creamy profile featuring notes of roasted nuts and natural sweetness. ",Mellow-Medium,"['Churchill', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Dominican,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Ecuador Connecticut,Aging Room Cigars
Aging Room Quattro F55 Maduro,Rated 4.5 out of 5, Based on 22 Ratings ,"Rafael Nodal serves up a winnerThe Quattro F55 name carries quite the caliber. For those not familiar, this cigar was the highest rated non-Cuban on the Top 25 Cigars of the Year in 2013. It received the #2 spot, and an astounding 95-rating. And now, Rafael Nodal has crafted a maduro-wrapped version to, perhaps, his most famous cigar ever. This cigar is offered up in slim boxes of 10 that’ll keep you coming back for more. Each cigar is perfectly box-pressed, with the slight oily sheen of the Mexican San Andres wrapper highlighted on every edge. Underneath, Dominican Habano binder and long-fillers add some complexity to this maduro cigar. You’ll find notes of chocolate, earth, black pepper, and oak on every draw — in all, a worthy successor to this famous brand.  ",Medium-Full,"['Churchill', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']","Dominican, Habano",Dominican,False,,More Details,Dominican Republic,Varies,,"Churchill, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",Varies,San Andres,Aging Room Cigars
Aging Room Quattro F59,Rated 4.43 out of 5, Based on 14 Ratings ,"This blend is dressed to impress.Aging Room has come on the cigar scene like a wrecking ball, compiling high ratings and accolades like nobody’s business. Aging Room Quattro F59 is a small-batch handmade from tobacco gurus Raphael Nodal and Jochi Blanco of Tabacalera La Palma. Aging Room cigars are noted for their Cuban-esque appearance and complex flavor profile, so brace yourself, the next Aging Room is upon us.Aging Room Quattro F59 comes expertly box-pressed and features a luscious Habano wrapper sitting atop a Domicano binder and long-fillers. This magnificent example of craftsmanship is medium to full-bodied and features hearty notes of spice, wood, pepper, and leather before the spice takes a backseat and a pleasant creamy essence is introduced. Don’t wait too long to secure yourself a stockpile of these magnificent gems. ​",Medium-Full,"['Churchill', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']","Dominican, Habano",Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Dominican,Aging Room Cigars
Aging Room Quattro Maduro,Rated 4 out of 5,,"Rafael Nodal serves up a winnerThe Quattro name carries quite the caliber. For those not familiar, this cigar was the highest rated non-Cuban on the Top 25 Cigars of the Year in 2013. It received the #2 spot, and an astounding 95-rating. And now, Rafael Nodal has crafted a maduro-wrapped version to, perhaps, his most famous cigar ever. This cigar is offered up in luxurious boxes of 20 that’ll keep you coming back for more. Each cigar is perfectly box-pressed, with the slight oily sheen of the Mexican San Andres wrapper highlighted on every edge. Underneath, Dominican Habano binder and long-fillers add some complexity to this maduro cigar. You’ll find notes of chocolate, earth, black pepper, and oak on every draw — in all, a worthy successor to this famous brand.  ",Medium-Full,"['Churchill', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']","Dominican, Habano",Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,San Andres,Aging Room Cigars
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,Rated 4.83 out of 5, Based on 36 Ratings ,"Quattro Nicaragua – It was Meant to BeFrom their dominance as the highest non-Cuban rated blend according to Cigar Aficionado in 2013 to present day, the Quattro line from Rafael Nodal has been a stunner. So when we heard Nodal was teaming up with the folks behind Romeo y Julieta and Montecristo to create a new, Nicaraguan puro extension to the blend, it was needless to say we were grinning from ear to ear. Gentleman, welcome Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua. For the rooks out there, a “puro” cigar features 100% of its tobacco from the same country. So, this Nicaraguan puro is all Nica – wrapper, binder, and long-fillers. The result is exactly what you’d want: a medium to full-bodied overload of flavor, rife with crisp flavors that are peppery, zesty, and rich. The original Quattro F55 was a damn fine cigar… but this one might just take the cake as Aging Room’s best yet.Great news! The Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua has been honored as the #1 cigar of 2019! The 96-point rating noted; ""Every last leaf in this blend is Nicaraguan and every puff is an overture of flavors that’s at times heavy and rich with notes of dark chocolate and wood, and other times, subtle and understated with hints of fine caramel and toasted almonds.""",Full,"['Churchill', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Churchill, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Nicaraguan,Aging Room Cigars
Aging Room Quattro Original,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 2 Ratings ,"Turn it up a notch!What was the highest non-Cuban cigar on the top 25 Best Cigars of the Year in 2013? Which cigar took home the number 2 spot? Oh, just Aging Room Quattro Original, a small-batch boutique handmade from skilled brand owner Rafael Nodal and the folks behind brands like Romeo y Julieta and Montecristo. If you haven’t been introduced to Aging Room cigars yet, it’s high time you made their acquaintance. Made using very limited batches of tobacco leaves too small for regular production, these premium handmades are highly unique, highly in demand, and of course, highly limited in scope. Take the Aging Room Quattro Original. Sounds like a luxury sports vehicle, and perhaps rightfully so, because it performs like a dream. A flawless 2003 Sumatra wrapper leaf encircles a mix of Cuban-seed Dominican fillers and a Dominican binder. To finish, each is box-pressed and packaged perfectly. Aging Room Quattro Original received an esteemed 95-rating and was named #2 Cigar of the Year in 2013 when it was called Quattro F55, with the review noting, ""a balanced, sophisticated cigar that displays rich notes of roasted coffee bean and sweet cedar."" ",Medium-Full,"['Churchill', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Dominican,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Sumatra,Aging Room Cigars
Aging Room Solera Corojo,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 1 Rating ,"Pure to the boneIt’s not often I reach for a Dominican puro. Nothing against them, I just find that the Nicaraguan leaf is more my fancy these days. That is, until I experienced the new Aging Room Solera Corojo – a Dominican puro that reinvigorated Dominican tobacco. The secret? A unique aging process called “solero” that Rafael Nodal and Aging Room borrowed from Spanish winemakers. The specs here are simple — Dominican Corojo wrapper, Dominican Habano binder, and Dominican long-filler leaves. The profile — rewardingly complex. A warm, rich cedar core is greeted by notes of earth, milk chocolate, and coffee. Further into the blend, a sweet and fruity note enters the mix that stays around ‘til the end. It burns well, it tastes great, the price is right: I can’t think of a reason not to try the Aging Room Solera Corojo. ",Medium,"['Figurado', 'Robusto']",Dominican,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Figurado, Robusto",No,Corojo,Aging Room Cigars
Aging Room Solera Maduro,Rated 5 out of 5,,"A Solera in a tuxedoIf you’re scratching your head, thinking you’ve seen this cigar before there’s good news — you’re not going crazy! At least, not in this case. Aging Room Solera has been popping up around the cigar industry for years now, but it’s finally receiving a national release in four different blends, starting with Solera Maduro. A rich, medium to full-bodied cigar from Rafael Nodal and Aging Room, Solera Maduro is a treat for any boutique cigar lover. Handmade in the Dominican Republic, this cigar features Dominican binder and long-fillers, with a surprisingly smooth Mexican San Andres maduro wrapper up top. Beyond that, Solera Maduro gets its name from the aging process — one it shares with Spanish brandy, beer, and wine. The result is a remarkably dense core of flavors with sweetness, dark fruit, and a black pepper spice delivering on every puff. ",Medium-Full,"['Figurado', 'Robusto']",Dominican,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Figurado, Robusto",No,Maduro,Aging Room Cigars
Aging Room Solera Shade,Rated 4 out of 5, Based on 2 Ratings ,"Throwin' some Shade!Aging Room Solera Shade is the 4th and most recent variation of the solera line. The solera process was developed in Spain and Portugal for aging wine, beer and brandy. It is used to fractionally blend varying ages of a product so that the finished product is a mixture of all ages. Aging room uses this process to combine different vintages of tobacco and obtain a fuller flavor profile. Comprised of Dominican fillers and a silky Ecuadorian Connecticut wrapper, this beautiful medium bodied cigar produces a bounty of creamy flavors and offers a smooth and consistent draw. A complex and extravagant premium delivers an unforgettable cigar experience.",Medium,"['Figurado', 'Robusto']",Dominican,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Figurado, Robusto",No,Ecuador Connecticut,Aging Room Cigars
Aging Room Solera Sun Grown,Rated 2.5 out of 5, Based on 2 Ratings ,"Sun Grown, baby! Back in 2004, Rafael Nodal and his wife vacationed in Spain. I promise – the story gets more interesting. While there, Rafael discovered an aging process for wine, beer, and brandy called… you guessed it, the “Solera” process. And being the tobacco man he was, Nodal couldn’t wait to apply this unique aging process to premium cigars. Enter Solera: a full line of premiums from Aging Room, featuring four distinct wrappers and unique flavors across the board. The Aging Room Solera Sun Grown is a medium-bodied iteration of the blend. Once lit, you’ll find notes of maple, slight nuttiness, and a citrusy zest. It’s a bright a lively cigar, one that performs beautifully on its own, but just does as well with a nice glass of rum or bourbon to accompany it. Picking a favorite in this line would be a tough choice: but Sun Grown is certainly in the conversation. ",Medium,"['Figurado', 'Robusto']",Dominican,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Figurado, Robusto",No,Sun Grown,Aging Room Cigars
Agio Mehari's,Rated 4.36 out of 5, Based on 25 Ratings ,"Delicious quick cigars.Since 1976 Agio Mehari's have been creating smooth, aromatic small cigars that deliver time and time again. Now with an expanded portfolio of blends created to suit each unique taste, Mehari's has developed into one of the world's largest cigar brands.Java - The original Mehari's blend, this Java-wrapped beauty features a smooth, rich, timeless flavor that catapulted Mehari's to the big-time.Ecuador - crafted with rich, Ecuadorian wrapper leaf, this blend delivers a smooth, flavorful, and traditional experience. Brasil - a Brazilian Arapiraca wrapper coats this rich, aromatic cigarillo that's layered with notes of nuts, coffee, and pepper.Red Orient (formerly Sweet Orient) -  is draped in a top-grade Java wrapper, the Sweet Orient delivers an inviting array of vanilla, sweetness, tobacco, and a rich aroma. Everything about this cigar is the same, the name has simply changed to Red Orient.",Medium,['Cigarillos'],,,False,No,More Details,Europe,No,,Cigarillos,Varies,"Brazilian, Ecuador Connecticut, Sumatra",Royal Agio Cigars
AJ Fernandez Bellas Artes,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 14 Ratings ,"A Work of ArtLet me tell you all an obvious truth — AJ Fernandez makes some of the best cigars on the market. No, I’m not trying for the gold medal in the Captain Obvious Olympics. Just serving up a small reminder. From New World to Man O’ War, from Enclave to Diesel, each and every AJ blend is a delicious treat that I’d happily indulge in day in and day out. At hand today? The newest addition to AJ’s esteemed and ever-growing portfolio: Bellas Artes. The art, the box, the wrapper — everything here is flawless. Indeed, this stunner is a certified 10 for sure, and I’m not just talking about looks. Smooth and delightful, Bellas Artes reminds me of Cuban cigars of days past. Each draw delivers the perfect amount of cinnamon, cedar, sweet tobacco, citrus, and slight black pepper. No doubt it’s the work of the wrapper. Bellas Artes is adorned in a “Rojita” leaf, a hybrid creation that debuted on this amazing cigar. Possibly AJ’s finest creation to date, you owe it to yourself to secure these posthaste. ",Medium-Full,"['Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Nicaraguan,"Brazilian, Honduran, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,Yes,,"Gordo, Robusto, Toro",No,Nicaraguan,AJ Fernandez
AJ Fernandez Bellas Artes Maduro,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 2 Ratings ,"A darker work of artLet me make an obvious statement: AJ Fernandez makes great cigars. From the top-quality tobaccos he grows on his farms to the strict quality controls in his factory, the entire process is well-managed to ensure one thing: great tasting cigars with consistent performance. And while he built his empire making cigars for other brands, he has started to claim many ratings in recent years with cigars that bear his own name. Bellas Artes Maduro is his most recent release and is a follow up to the Havana art inspired Bellas Artes original. Up top it applies a dark and oily Brazilian Mata Fina wrapper over a Mexican San Andres binder and a blend of aged Nicaraguan long-fillers grown on AJ’s farms in Esteli. Just like the original, each size is crafted into a slow burning box-pressed vitola. It’s full-bodied and rich with notes of chocolate, espresso and some sweet spice. These cigars are fantastic if you’re looking for something with some power, and the artwork on the box and bands is just as pleasing. Go for a box, you won’t regret it. ",Medium-Full,"['Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Mexican,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,Yes,,"Gordo, Robusto, Toro",No,"Brazilian, Maduro",AJ Fernandez
AJ Fernandez Enclave,Rated 4.66 out of 5, Based on 64 Ratings ,"A blend this good commands your attentionAJ Fernandez. The man, the myth, the legend. AJ has been smacking the palates of thousands for years with creative, unique, and delicious blends to rival the best in the biz. It comes as no secret that he is at the top of his game, consistently delivering lip-smackers like San Lotano Oval, New World, and Man O’ War. Not enough can be said about this master-blender’s talents, so we will get right into the goods. First, brace yourself. Next, clean the drool from your chin, and finally do yourself a service and check out the newest hit from the Fernandez camp, Enclave.This pretty peach hails from the famed Tabacalera Fernandez factory in Esteli, Nicaragua. Draped in a gorgeous, reddish hued Habano Rosado wrapper leaf, Enclave sports dual bands that set an ambiance of old world Cuba from the get-go. Underneath the sheets rests a refined Cameroon binder sitting firmly atop select Nicaraguan long-fillers, including a choice Piloto Cubano strain grown on AJ’s proprietary farms. Cuban-esque to a T, Enclave boasts delicate notes of cedar, white pepper, cinnamon, and sweet spices that maintain perfect balance right down to the nub. Another secured mainstay in the humi from Sr. Fernandez, clear ample space for this treat!Enclave received a well-deserved ‘92’-rating and Top 25 Cigars of 2016 honors from Cigar Aficionado noting: “Each puff is full of earthy, bready notes punctuated by carob chips and coffee.”​",Medium-Full,"['Churchill', 'Figurado', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Cameroon,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Churchill, Figurado, Robusto, Toro",No,Habano,AJ Fernandez
AJ Fernandez Enclave Broadleaf,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 8 Ratings ,"Enclave Gets FullerSometimes it’s embarrassing when your old man is great at doing what you do for a living. In the case of AJ and Ismael Fernandez, thank God AJ has the foresight to defer to Pops every once in awhile even when he’s at the top of the game. Even though AJ is the face of the brand, his father played a vital role in the creation of the original Enclave, wisely choosing to focus on flavor over power. The newest edition of the Enclave again focuses on flavor, but adds a touch of spice that has become popular among cigar enthusiasts. Enclave Broadleaf by AJ Fernandez features Nicaraguan filler and for the first time, utilizes a Connecticut Broadleaf wrapper for a spicy finish with notes of earth, cedar, and black pepper. This one is a fantastic cigar worthy of any cigar enthusiast’s collection.Enclave Broadleaf has earned a well-deserved 93-point rating, noting: ""Wrapped in a dark cover leaf the color of bronze, this Churchill has a copious draw that envelops the palate with earthy notes of mineral, salt and leather, accented by sweet bursts of milk chocolate, anise and vanilla bean.""",Full,"['Belicoso', 'Churchill', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Belicoso, Churchill, Robusto, Toro",No,"Connecticut Broadleaf, Maduro",AJ Fernandez
AJ Fernandez La Gran Llave Connecticut,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 2 Ratings ,"AJ Fernandez… so smooth!He may be loved as the Lord of Ligero, but AJ Fernandez doesn’t just make full-bodied powerhouse blends. No sir. You see, while uber-bold cigars like New World, Man O’ War Ruination, and Diesel Unholy Cocktail are all the rage with the AJ fanboys, his Connecticut blends are actually just as good — particularly in today’s case, with the introduction of La Gran Llave Connecticut. Some of you may be familiar with AJ’s original, Mexican San Andres wrapped La Gran Llave Maduro. For those who are already a fan of the series, you’re going to find a ton more to love with this Connecticut remix. Much like the original Gran Llave, La Gran Llave Connecticut features a satisfyingly creamy core with notes of cedar, a natural barnyard/tobacco note, and slight hints of black pepper. Never overwhelming in body, but practically pouring forth in flavor, Gran Llave Connecticut is an easy recommendation. ",Mellow-Medium,"['Churchill', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Habano,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,Yes,,"Churchill, Gordo, Robusto, Toro",No,Ecuador Connecticut,AJ Fernandez
AJ Fernandez La Gran Llave Maduro,Rated 4.6 out of 5, Based on 15 Ratings ,"A grand spectacle Michael Argenti, founder of the Berger & Argenti brand, has been around the cigar industry for quite some time. Working behind the scenes on numerous brands, Argenti has now teamed up with the talent of AJ Fernandez and his factory in Nicaragua. La Gran Llave is the result, a box pressed maduro that impresses immediately on first glance. And it’s one that needs to hit your wish list immediately. A gritty (believe me, I mean this in a good way!) Mexican San Andres wrapper greets you as you open the door, with Ecuadorian Habano binder and long-filler Nicaraguan leaves. Just the right amount of give on the squeeze should tell you immediately that this stick is going to burn like a champ. Toast the foot and you’ll find dark chocolate, cinnamon, oak, and a satisfying creamy core. La Gran Llave is going to become an instant go-to for cigar enthusiasts everywhere, so jump aboard this hype train before it goes off the rails. Good news! La Gran Llave Maduro has received a well-deserved 90-point rating, noting: ""Nearly perfect in appearance, this belicoso is evenly pressed with a clean wrapper and packed with tobacco. The draw is firm, but still offers floral nutty notes, earth and a peppery finish.""",Medium-Full,"['Corona Extra', 'Double Corona', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Torpedo']",Habano,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,Yes,,"Corona Extra, Double Corona, Gordo, Robusto, Torpedo",No,Maduro,AJ Fernandez
AJ Fernandez Last Call,Rated 4.67 out of 5, Based on 3 Ratings ,"You don’t have to go home, but you can’t herf hereIf you ever get the chance to tour a cigar factory, do it in a heartbeat. If you get the chance to tour A.J. Fernandez’s world class operation in Esteli, Nicaragua, I’d recommend going even if it means you have to skip your mother-in-law’s 60th birthday party. What does that have to do with the Last Call? Quite simply, this cigar was handed out at the end of the night, normally in the 4th quarter of whatever game was on at the time, to guests staying at A.J.’s Casa Blanca house during their tour of his facilities.Since its inception as A.J.’s preferred nightcap, we’ve been getting requests to sell this cigar, and finally it has been released to the public. Handmade in Esteli, this Nicaraguan puro might be short, but you’d be crazy to think it doesn’t pack a punch. Booming forward with a core of roasted nut flavors, spice, and a unique creamy, woodsy note. Good news! AJ Fernandez Last Call has received an impressive 93-point rating, noting: ""A short, stout cigar with an uncut foot. It's a toasty, nutty smoke fortified with chewy, earthy notes and a savory, leathery finish.""",Medium-Full,"['Corona', 'Lonsdale', 'Rothschild', 'Short Robusto']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Corona, Lonsdale, Rothschild, Short Robusto",No,Ecuador Habano,AJ Fernandez
AJ Fernandez Last Call Maduro,Rated 4.5 out of 5, Based on 2 Ratings ,"It’s Last Call… er, again? Much like the film ‘biz, we’re an industry obsessed with sequels. Unlike summer blockbusters, though, cigar manufacturers have a great track record of improving upon their original releases, crafting fitting tributes and mouthwatering line extensions that oftentimes outshine the first blend. Today, we welcome the Last Call Maduro by A.J. Fernandez to CI, and I’ve gotta say, this follow-up might just be the true masterpiece of the duo. Originally crafted as A.J.’s personal final cigar of the night, Last Call was released nationally just a few years back, and it went gangbusters. Today, we’re staring down the same blend, just donned in a Pennsylvania Broadleaf Maduro wrapper that’s silky-smooth in all the right ways. Lighting this one up, you’ll be greeted with a Molotov cocktail of dark chocolate, espresso, black pepper spice, and a thick, molasses-like sweetness in the background. ",Medium-Full,"['Corona', 'Lonsdale', 'Rothschild', 'Short Robusto']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Corona, Lonsdale, Rothschild, Short Robusto",No,Nicaraguan,AJ Fernandez
AJ Fernandez New World,Rated 4.88 out of 5, Based on 194 Ratings ,"When ya comin’ home Dad? I don’t know when, but we’ll get together then.After a 17 year career with the Plasencia family, Ismael Fernandez has come out of retirement to join his son, the very well-known AJ Fernandez. Their first collaboration together, called New World, is a nod to the discovery of tobacco by Christopher Columbus and its introduction to the rest of the world in 1492. Draped in a bold, dark Nicaraguan wrapper and jam-packed with powerful ligeros from Esteli and Condega balanced by the uniqueness of Ometepe tobacco, this rich, medium to full-bodied blend offers an elegant, refined profile. Notes of earth, espresso, and a dense array of sweet and spicy notes characterize its smooth, complex profile. As it burns, the strength and flavors intensify perfectly before an exciting finale. There’s something really special with this one, and knowing how near and dear to AJ this blend is, they planned it that way all along. ​Good news! New World by AJ Fernandez has earned a well-deserved 91-rating, noting: ""The earthy, rustic notes of this dark, box-pressed belicoso become more refined and precise, showing cacao and coffee bean qualities before a finish of nuts and fruit.""",Medium-Full,"['Belicoso', 'Churchill', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,Varies,,"Belicoso, Churchill, Gordo, Robusto, Toro",Varies,"Nicaraguan, Oscuro",AJ Fernandez
AJ Fernandez New World Cameroon,Rated 4.77 out of 5, Based on 13 Ratings ,"A historic first! Ask a cigar lover to name a master blender nowadays, and nine times out of ten their first response is going to be AJ Fernandez. And for great reason. From his monumental successes with boutique lines like Diesel and Man O’ War, to his revitalization of Cuban classics like Ramon Allones, to his own core line of products like New World and Bellas Artes, AJ is truly at the top of the game. Today, we welcome one of the newest additions to his wide portfolio – the New World Cameroon. Can you believe in all his time blending, AJ’s yet to release a cigar with a Cameroon wrapper? Well, no longer. New World Cameroon features a sultry blend of tobaccos with binder and long-filler both supplied from AJ’s farms in Esteli. While the first New World was a full-bodied, all-throttle blend, this one’s a little closer to medium. Lighting it up, you’ll find tons of sweet, spicy notes perfectly balanced by the African leaf. ",Medium,"['Churchill', 'Double Robusto', 'Gordo', 'Short Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,False,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Churchill, Double Robusto, Gordo, Short Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Cameroon,AJ Fernandez
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,Rated 4.57 out of 5, Based on 47 Ratings ,"Connecticut fans rejoice!After the overwhelming success of Mr. AJ Fernandez’s smash hit New World, it was only a matter of time before a line extension was in the works. The same father/son duo teamed up again, but this time they put their focus on delivering a refined blend of a more mellow character. The result, New World Connecticut, a true gem that enthusiasts new and old can enjoy to the fullest.Unlike the original New World, New World Connecticut is not box-pressed, and the differences don’t stop there. At play is a conglomerate of vintage long-fillers from Brazil and Nicaragua. Encasing the filler tobaccos is a rugged San Andres binder, with a true U.S. grown Connecticut-shade wrapper leaf topping off this symphony of tobacco goodness. Mellow to medium-bodied, subtle notes of cream, slight spice, and cedar grow in intensity the further into the journey you get. A pure delight to enjoy, don’t be the last to grab some of these treats.​",Mellow-Medium,"['Belicoso', 'Corona', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Mexican,"Brazilian, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Belicoso, Corona, Robusto, Toro",No,Connecticut,AJ Fernandez
AJ Fernandez New World Puro Especial,Rated 4.73 out of 5, Based on 15 Ratings ,"A new world of New World? That's world news!New World Puro Especial is the newest addition to the popular New World line by AJ Fernandez. The blend was developed by AJ Fernandez and and his father, Ismael, over the course of several years using tobaccos exclusively from Fernandez-owned farms in Nicaragua, all of which have been aged three to five years. The wrapper, binder, and filler all come from different farms in order to provide different aspects to the cigar in terms or flavor, aroma and mineral qualities. While AJ is typically known for his fuller-bodied offerings, New World Puro Especial weighs in at more of a medium body. And it's a real winner of a blend. In fact, this cigar saw limited release before but AJ liked the blend so much he decided to go national with it. You can expect this gem to be medium-bodied and perfectly balanced, with notes of nuts and a sweet finish. Order a box today and be one of the first to taste this tasty Nicaraguan puro.New World Puro Especial has received a 93-rating, and earned a spot in the Top 25 Cigars of 2017.",Medium,"['Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']","Habano, Nicaraguan",Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Gordo, Robusto, Toro",No,"Habano, Nicaraguan",AJ Fernandez
AJ Fernandez Ramon Allones,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 8 Ratings ,"A stunning tributeA.J. Fernandez can do no wrong. From his boutique brands like Diesel and Man O’ War, to his flagship, larger scale releases like San Lotano and Last Call, all the way down to his reinterpretation of classic Cuban brands like Romeo and Hoyo, this man can, quite simply, do it all. And he does it all masterfully. Today, we welcome the newest A.J. tribute to a classic Cuban name, Ramon Allones by A.J. Fernandez. And, quite simply, it might be his best work to date. You see, this is a true passion project for A.J. Ramon Allones was his father’s favorite cigar brand back in Cuba, and the cigar has a long, storied history in our industry (did you know Ramon Allones was the first handmade cigar to feature a band?). To pay true homage to this historical landmark in tobacco, A.J. spared no expense, producing one of the most beautiful packages I’ve ever seen. Employing an incredibly rare medio tempo wrapper leaf, Ramon Allones by A.J. is medium to full-bodied and signs with a beautiful harmony of cedar, spice, chocolate, earth, and slight hints of black pepper.Great news, Ramon Allones just earned a stunning 92-rating and was honored as one of the Top 25 Cigars of 2018. Here's what the experts had to say: ""Each puff of this toothy cigar leaves big notes of semi-sweet chocolate, leather and cherry on the palate before a sweet finish that shows more of the same.""",Medium-Full,"['Churchill', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Corojo,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Churchill, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Habano Oscuro,AJ Fernandez
AJ Fernandez Rosa de Guadalupe,Rated 4.33 out of 5, Based on 9 Ratings ,"The Rose of MexicoAJ Fernandez makes a damn fine cigar. That’s just common sense now a days. From his core lines like New World, San Lotano and Enclave, to the many boutique brands that are made at his Esteli factory, he makes something that anyone can get behind. Rosa de Guadalupe is a new 2019 release that is well deserving of a spot in your humidor. Offered up in three expertly crafted sizes, it features a beautiful and oily Mexican San Andres wrapper leaf. The rest of the blend is entirely Nicaraguan tobaccos grown on Fernandez's farms. AJ is known to highlight the powerful Nicaraguan tobaccos in his blends, normally leaning on the full-bodied side, but Rosa de Guadalupe burns smooth offering a medium-bodied and nicely balanced experience throughout. It provides notes of earth, leather, dry spice, and bit of cedar. You can’t go wrong here, Rosa de Guadalupe is yet another tally in the win column for Tabacalera AJ Fernandez. ",Medium,"['Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",,,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Gordo, Robusto, Toro",No,San Andres,AJ Fernandez
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,Rated 4.71 out of 5, Based on 42 Ratings ,"​San Lotano comes full circle....err....full Oval.Before the Oval, San Lotano was praised by all who crossed its path. But after Oval there’s nothing left to say - this exciting new handmade says all that needs to be said.Introducing the San Lotano Oval, a completely unique blend and shape that’s all its own. Featuring a distinctively-shaped press finish that looks like, you guessed it, an oval, and a blend of tobaccos that’s equally as unique, San Lotano Oval is truly a special cigar. Sporting a toothy and scrumptious Habano 2000 wrapper and brimming with rich Nicaraguan and Honduran long fillers, San Lotano Oval is primed for flavor. Accenting the blend further is a secret filler, known only to the people at Tabacalera Fernandez. Despite its untraditional appearance, this shape perfectly complements this masterfully blended handmade, creating an amazingly smooth and balanced experience. Expect notes of leather, nuts, and spice backed by a long, rich finish. Medium to full-bodied, the Oval burns and draws spot on. Unlike anything else, and that’s a good thing.San Lotano Oval received five separate 91-point ratings, one of which earned it a spot in the Top 25 Cigars of the Year. But this one in particular says it all perfectly: ""Crafted with a very round head and ovular edges, the flat corona is rich with steady notes of leather, wood and dried cherry. The draw is even and lush throughout""",Medium-Full,"['Gordo', 'Pyramid', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",,"Honduran, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Honduras,Varies,,"Gordo, Pyramid, Robusto, Toro",No,"Habana 2000, Habano",AJ Fernandez
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Connecticut,Rated 4.47 out of 5, Based on 15 Ratings ,"​Welcome the third member of the Oval family.Hailing from master blender AJ Fernandez, it would be safe to say that expectations for San Lotano Oval Connecticut have been sky high. Especially when you factor in the success of the original Oval (recipient of five 91-ratings along with being ranked as one of the Top 25 Cigars of the Year) and Oval Maduro. The Connecticut definitely had some big shoes to fill. But when you're AJ Fernandez, exceeding expectations is your forte.For those of you unfamiliar with the concept, the Oval shape is best described as being a rounded box-press. This rare shape not only looks great, but it also makes for a cool, slow-burning experience loaded with flavor. This go round, a core of Nicaraguan, Honduran, and proprietary long-fillers, join forces with a silky Connecticut wrapper. Expect a mellow to medium-bodied profile to deliver nutty, leathery, and cedary nuances growing more intense with each billowy puff. Believe the hype and give this handmade a try. You’ll be happy you did. Real happy.",Mellow-Medium,"['Corona', 'Double Corona', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Nicaraguan,"Honduran, Nicaraguan, Varied",False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,Varies,,"Corona, Double Corona, Gordo, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Connecticut,AJ Fernandez
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,Rated 4.73 out of 5, Based on 30 Ratings ,"San Lotano Oval gets a tan.San Lotano Oval has taken the cigar industry by storm. The blend has been sizzling hot: receiving multiple 90+ ratings, named #2 cigar of the year in Cigar Journal, and has been engulfed by staggering amounts of buzz. If you have yet to try one, trust me when I say the hype is real, and the cigars deliver as advertised. Now enter the next chapter in the Oval saga, the Oval Maduro. Picking up right where Oval left off, the Oval Maduro uses the same exquisite fillers, and binder, but now comes draped in an enticing Connecticut Broadleaf maduro. This dark leaf shimmers with oily goodness, and conceals the Oval’s balanced and refined core of Nicaraguan and Honduran long-fillers. This time around, expect an uber-smooth and balanced profile, containing more predominant notes of coffee bean, leather, cocoa and pepper backed by a long and hearty finish. This sequel my friends is a rarity, and is as good, if not better than the original.  ",Medium-Full,"['Churchill', 'Corona', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Nicaraguan,"Honduran, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,Yes,,"Churchill, Corona, Gordo, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,"Connecticut Broadleaf, Habano Maduro",AJ Fernandez
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem,Rated 4.93 out of 5, Based on 15 Ratings ,"​Full bodied fans rejoice - San Lotano Requiem is here.Few cigar makers are as in demand as AJ ’Abdel’ Fernandez these days. Looking at his impressive portfolio of top-notch blends, it’s easy to understand why. Take for instance his already impressive portfolio boasting the likes of Man O’ War, Diesel, Morro Castle, and 5 Vegas Triple-A - all winners, no doubt. AJ’s highly successful blends are indicative of his ferocious passion and deep seeded desire for perfection. But now, AJ has taken his craft to another level with the first major release bearing his name, San Lotano by AJ Fernandez. A truly complete ensemble, the San Lotano collection offers something that everyone can rejoice in. Ranging from mellow to full, the new San Lotano line is sure to satisfy even the most discerning of palates. The San Lotano Requiem is the epitome of what a full-bodied cigar should be. Strong and flavorful, yet balanced and smooth, San Lotano Requiem is extraordinary. Blended using an exquisite medley of rich Nicaraguan, Dominican, and Honduran tobaccos, the Requiem is anything but boring. Accompanying the complex blend is an extremely rare Brazilian-grown Habano wrapper, available to merely two manufacturers in the world. Together, the unique wrapper and fillers strike a resounding accord of flavor, body, and complexity. Once lit, the Requiem graces your palate with nuances of wood, leather, and spice. Expect an even burn accompanied by an easy draw and long finish. Easily one of AJ’s best blends yet!",Full,"['Churchill', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Churchill, Robusto, Toro",No,Habano,AJ Fernandez
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Connecticut,Rated 4.69 out of 5, Based on 13 Ratings ,"San Lotano Requiem Connecticut: a welcomed addition to AJ’s repertoire.Few cigar makers are as in demand as AJ ’Abdel’ Fernandez these days. Looking at his impressive portfolio of top-notch blends, it’s easy to understand why. Take for instance his already impressive portfolio boasting the likes of Man O’ War, Diesel, Morro Castle, and 5 Vegas Triple-A - all winners, no doubt. AJ’s highly successful blends are indicative of his ferocious passion and deep seeded desire for perfection. But now, AJ has taken his craft to another level with the first major release bearing his name, San Lotano Requiem by AJ Fernandez. A truly complete ensemble, the San Lotano Requiem collection offers something that everyone can rejoice in. Ranging from mellow to full, the new San Lotano line is sure to satisfy even the most discerning of palates. Known mainly for medium to full-bodied gems, AJ Fernandez delivers a refreshing change with his new San Lotano Requiem Connecticut. Mellow-medium bodied, but brimming with ample flavor and complexity, this San Lotano Requiem is elegant, refined, and highly enjoyable. Bursting from within lie premium, well-aged Nicaraguan and Dominican long-fillers, all hugged by a rich Honduran binder. To finish the ensemble, San Lotano Requiem Connecticut is draped in a velvety Ecuadorian Connecticut shade wrapper. The end result is a flavorful and smooth experience that you'll enjoy any time of day. Expect notes of cream, nuts, wood, and buttery-smooth finish. Have one for breakfast, lunch, or dinner. Or, take my advice and burn  'em all day long - you won’t be disappointed.",Mellow-Medium,"['Churchill', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Churchill, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Ecuador Connecticut,AJ Fernandez
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Maduro,Rated 4.83 out of 5, Based on 12 Ratings ,"A meticulously crafted maduro, San Lotano Requiem Maduro.Few cigar makers are as in demand as AJ ’Abdel’ Fernandez these days. Looking at his impressive portfolio of top-notch blends, it’s easy to understand why. Take for instance his already impressive portfolio boasting the likes of Man O’ War, Diesel, Morro Castle, and 5 Vegas Triple-A - all winners, no doubt. AJ’s highly successful blends are indicative of his ferocious passion and deep seeded desire for perfection. But now, AJ has taken his craft to another level with the first major release bearing his name, San Lotano Requiem by AJ Fernandez. A truly complete ensemble, the San Lotano Requiem collection offers something that everyone can rejoice in. Ranging from mellow to full, the new San Lotano Requiem line is sure to satisfy even the most discerning of palates. The Maduro variety of San Lotano Requiem features a dark, oily San Andres maduro wrapper balanced by a blend of premium Nicaraguan and Honduran long-fillers. The end result is a luxurious experience as rich, chocolaty, slightly sweet, and creamy flavors are delivered through billowy layers of thick, flavorful nuances. Medium in body, but loaded with flavor the San Lotano Requiem Maduro is dee-lish. And for added intrigue, I've heard quite a few accounts that mention San Lotano Requiem Maduro's eerie resemblance to Padron Anniversary. I don't disagree.",Medium-Full,"['Churchill', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Honduran Broadleaf,"Honduran, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,Yes,,"Churchill, Gordo, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,San Andres,AJ Fernandez
AJ Fernandez San Lotano The Bull,Rated 4.67 out of 5, Based on 6 Ratings ,"Take this bull by the horns.I won't beat around the bush. San Lotano The Bull is good, real good. A few words that come to mind are: fantastic, delicious, extraordinary, any of the aforementioned will do. And that's no errr....bull. Crafted by A.J. Fernandez in Esteli, Nicaragua, The Bull is the San Lotano that charges at you from the very first puff. The great news here is, The Bull isn't just a bunch of hype. Instead, it takes the higher ground with an all substance approach. To craft The Bull, an extensively aged, and hearty core of Nicaraguan long-fillers are nestled beneath an Ecuador Sumatra wrapper. Firm in the hand, this well-made cigar unleashes a medium to full-bodied profile. Strong, yet smooth, the senses are greeted with oak, coffee, leather, and spices. The cherry on top is a wonderful box-pressed finish. The Bull is the San Lotano you've been waiting for, and as I see it you've got two options. You can click the back button and retreat, or man up and run with the bull. ",Medium-Full,"['Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,Yes,,"Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Ecuador Sumatra,AJ Fernandez
Al Capone,Rated 4.65 out of 5, Based on 43 Ratings ,"""I am like any other man. All I do is supply a demand.""Named after the infamous Chicago gangster, Al Capone cigarillos are mellow and affordable with a pleasantly sweet taste. Available in your choice of several delicious flavors, these delightful small cigars are consistent and easy to love. Keep them on hand for when you need a quick pick-me-up for a price that can’t be beat. And, if you have a bit more time on your hands, these pair quite nicely with a stiff drink. Note: Al Capone Cigarillos are a premium, hand rolled product.",Mellow,['Cigarillos'],,,False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,Cigarillos,Varies,Indonesian,
Alec & Bradley Blind Faith,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 3 Ratings ,"The new generation of Alec BradleyA little family history lesson for you – Alec Bradley is not a real person, but rather two. These are the names Alec Bradley Cigar Company’s founder, Alan Rubin, two sons. When Alan Rubin first started the company, they were just kids. But over the past 20 years, they have grown up in the business, learned the heritage, the tradition, techniques, and found a love for tobacco on their own. And Alec & Bradley Blind Faith is the first blend they have created on their own.It starts out with a deep brown Habano wrapper grown in Trojes, Honduras. Underneath is a double binder combination from Honduras and Nicaragua that creates a sturdy, slow burning cigar. The meat is a three-leaf combination or Nicaraguan long-fillers. Medium to full-bodied, Blind Faith provides an evolving cadence of personality. A strong spicy note off the bat gives way to flavors of pepper, nuttiness, and earthiness. If Alec & Bradley’s first crack at a premium cigar blend is and inclination of the future, more good things are to come. ",Medium,"['Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']","Honduran, Nicaraguan",Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,"Gordo, Robusto, Toro",No,"Habano, Honduran",Alec Bradley
Alec & Bradley Gatekeeper,Rated 4.8 out of 5, Based on 5 Ratings ,"A new line from the future of the cigar industry.Alan Rubin has built quite a beat with his Alec Bradley line. Receiving numerous 90+ ratings and and earning a spot in humidors all over the world, it’s been very exciting to see what Alan has up his sleeves. But this release from Alec Bradley isn’t about Alan, it’s about his company’s namesake. Alec & Bradley are Alan’s sons, and fans of Rubin’s work have been patiently waiting to see what the boys would bring to the industry when they came of age and joined their father in the family business in earnest. Their first venture into premium handmades was a limited release called Blind Faith, and the first batch quickly sold out. Their second is called Gatekeeper, and trust me when I say, the brothers are already at the top of their game.Gatekeeper comes dressed in an Ecuador Habano wrapper over a Nicaraguan binder, with fillers from the Dominican and Nicaragua. Its smooth, rich profile is accentuated by notes of cedar, nuts, and leather, and the construction is what you would expect from the factory that produces such great sticks as the Prensado. This cigar is the result of a great man passing along his wealth of knowledge and skill to the next generation. Judging by the excellent results, our industry has nothing to worry about.",Medium,"['Corona', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Nicaraguan,"Dominican, Nicaraguan",False,False,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Corona, Gordo, Robusto, Toro",No,Ecuador Habano,Alec Bradley
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,Rated 4.27 out of 5, Based on 579 Ratings ,"​Alec Bradley cigars are scorching hot, ranking among the highest rated handmades on the market today. These are legit 2nds from the brand's 90+ rated blends only. Tempus, Prensado, Family Blend, etc. Each burns and tastes just like their high-end firsts, but were sorted from the packaging line due to minor imperfections or slight variations in wrapper color. I'm still sworn to secrecy as to which is which, but I think you'll easily figure it out.NOTE: The sizes listed below are only guidelines. Since these are 2nds, they sometimes come in varying sizes. ",Medium-Full,"['Churchill', 'Corona', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Short Robusto', 'Toro']",,,False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,"Churchill, Corona, Gordo, Robusto, Short Robusto, Toro",No,Habano,Alec Bradley
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,Rated 4.52 out of 5, Based on 87 Ratings ,"American Classic Blend, a classic all American cigar.Alec Bradley American Classic Blend is crafted in Nicaragua to replicate the classic taste of old-style, Tampa-made premiums. To craft the American Classic Blend cigar, an aged recipe of long-fillers from Nicaragua is secured inside a bold Nicaraguan binder, then cloaked by a lovely Connecticut-seed Honduran wrapper. The flavor is mellow to medium-bodied — smooth, and teeming with satisfying flavors. A rich core of tobacco is complemented by sweet notes, nuts, and a touch of coffee, while the finish is long, woodsy, and soothing on the palate. Complex yet tame, the American Classic Blend from Alec Bradley is fit (and priced) for daily enjoyment.",Medium,"['Churchill', 'Corona', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Churchill, Corona, Gordo, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Honduran Connecticut,Alec Bradley
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,Rated 4.46 out of 5, Based on 156 Ratings ,"​A Nicaraguan puro with American spirit.Since its release, the Alec Bradley Ameri​can Classic has been a hit, a winner through and through. Carefully blended by Alan Rubin, the line now has a new member of the family, and it's a home-run. Enter the new Alec Bradley American Sun Grown. This Nicaraguan puro utilizes the same Nicaraguan long-fillers as the American Classic, but now comes nestled inside a beautiful Nicaraguan sun-grown habano wrapper. This leaf imparts a heartier, spicier, and overall richer character, while retaining the smooth balanced core that made the American Classic so enjoyable. Medium to full in body, the Sun Grown is complex yet smooth, and dishes out notes of black pepper, cedar, and nuts with a slight sweetness occasionally entering the fray. No doubt a more robust offering, the Sun Grown hits its mark, proving that sometimes the simplest ideas have the best results. Good news! Alec Bradley American Sun Grown has received a well-deserved 91-point rating, noting: ""Though the draw is notably firm, the cigar still produces a rich foundation of leathery, earthy notes complemented by sweet hints of toffee and a nutty, cashew-like finish.""",Medium-Full,"['Churchill', 'Corona', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Churchill, Corona, Gordo, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Sun Grown,Alec Bradley
Alec Bradley Black Market,Rated 4.63 out of 5, Based on 70 Ratings ,"So good, it should be illegal.When Alan Rubin commits to a project, quality standards of the highest decree are implemented, sparing no resource in the process. As a result, Alan Rubin, the founder of Alec Bradley cigars, has bee​n churning out delectable blends since 1997. His prestigious line is continually receiving countless praise from the nation’s top cigar advocates - Cigar Aficionado, Cigar journal, Cigar insider (you get the point). Bragging about his innumerable 90+ ratings almost feels arbitrary....almost. So in short, Alan Rubin’s masterful blends are good. Scratch that, great.A superb release from Alec Bradley, Black Market was launched at the 2011 IPCPR tradeshow (a festival for industry geeks). This 4-country blend is jam-packed with Jamastran, Honduras and Panamanian long-fillers, capped off by a lively Sumatra binder and powerful Nicaraguan wrapper leaf. Upon first lighting, the blend burns with purpose. Unique and satisfying arrays of flavors greet your palate, as spice, pepper, and peaty undertones finish the ensemble. With a long dry finish, and slow burn, the Black Market cigar is a finger burner. Alec Bradley Black Market received a well-deserved 90-rating, noting: ""This cigar is draped in a dark, alluring wrapper. Each puff unfolds sweet notes of chocolate around a hearty core of coffee bean. The finish hints of rum cake and minerals.""",Medium,"['Churchill', 'Gordo', 'Perfecto', 'Petite Corona', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Sumatra,"Honduran, Nicaraguan, Panamanian",False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,"Churchill, Gordo, Perfecto, Petite Corona, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,"Honduran, Maduro, Nicaraguan",Alec Bradley
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,Rated 4.66 out of 5, Based on 50 Ratings ,"Black Market gets spicierAre you on the hunt for an unforgettable cigar experience? Alan Rubin of Alec Bradley cigars works to create just that for any enthusiast. His portfolio of cigars are crafted of top-notch tobaccos and receive rave reviews again and again. The latest and greatest premium of the bunch is the bolder Black Market Esteli. Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli is the long-awaited sequel to the 90-rated Alec Bradley Black Market. A high-quality crafted cigar, just like you've come to expect from Alec Bradley's line, offers complex notes of leather, pepper, and cocoa. Full-flavored and featuring a four-country blend of Central American tobaccos and a Nicaraguan wrapper, this is sure to be one for the history books. Great news! Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli has earned an impressive 93-point rating along with being named the #9 Cigar of the Year, noting: ""A rich combination of savory and sweet, this oily torpedo is loaded with earthy, leathery notes balanced by undercurrents of raisin and cocoa. Delicious and satisfying.""",Full,"['Churchill', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']","Honduran, Nicaraguan",Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,Varies,,"Churchill, Gordo, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",Varies,Nicaraguan,Alec Bradley
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,Rated 4.44 out of 5, Based on 87 Ratings ,"This one’ll steal your heart.The wisest men among you may recall Black Market – a medium-bodied masterpiece from Alan Rubin that was introduced way back at the 2011 IPCPR tradeshow. Well, ever since then I’ve been hearing nothing but praise for this fine specimen, and those same lads have been begging and pleading for more. Ask and ye shall receive, gentlemen! Adding to his vast portfolio of 90+ rated beauties, Monsieur Rubin has come to...shall we say...turn up the volume on this revered blend. I present to you: Black Market Vandal.The components may look familiar – 4-country blend of long-fillers, stimulating Sumatra binder, and hearty Nicaraguan wrapper leaf. This is all carried over from the original version. But here’s where things get interesting: included in that long-filler mix is a super-charged, super-secret, extra special tobacco leaf that ratchets up the intensity big time. Tremendous notes of spice and pepper explode on the palate, and culminate in a long, lingering finish. If you loved Black Market, then you’re gonna worship Black Market Vandal. And if you’ve never tried either... sorry to hear it. Here’s your chance to rectify that situation, pronto. ​",Full,"['Belicoso', 'Perfecto', 'Toro']",Sumatra,"Honduran, Nicaraguan, Panamanian, Varied",False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,"Belicoso, Perfecto, Toro",No,"Maduro, Nicaraguan",Alec Bradley
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,Rated 4.3 out of 5, Based on 33 Ratings ,"Black Market pulls a hat trickWay back in 2011, Alan Rubin introduced the Alec Bradley Black Market to the world at the yearly IPCPR in Las Vegas. Since then, the medium-bodied stunner has gone on to win a couple awards, and spawn a couple sequels. First up, we had Black Market Vandal — a super-charged and uber-flavorful blend imbued with an extra-special ligero strain that amped up the flavor in droves. Today, we take a look at Black Market’s mellower side with Vandal The Con, the first Connecticut-wrapped Black Market. The crazy packaging and gray and green color scheme might make you think Vandal The Con is a gimmick, a cigar that spent all its time on marketing and none on the blending. But you’d be dead wrong. Vandal The Con is one of the smoothest cigars I’ve ever sampled from the AB crew, thanks to its silky smooth Honduran Connecticut wrapper leaf. Each puff delivers sweet spice, creamy cedar, and slight nuttiness – a most enjoyable combination, at a price that could easily demand twice as much.",Mellow-Medium,['Toro'],Honduran,"Honduran, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,Toro,No,Honduran Connecticut,Alec Bradley
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,Rated 4.5 out of 5, Based on 26 Ratings ,"Relax while you can.It’s pretty much standard operating procedure that when you welcome a new bundle of joy into your life, you mark that occasion by passing out cigars. These handmade beauties from Alec Bradley are not the usual “new baby” cigars, these are actually good. So before the real work begins, sit back and relax while you can, and enjoy a premium handmade cigar from one of the top manufacturers in the biz.Alec Bradley It’s a Boy/Girl cigars come wrapped in a gorgeous, elegant Connecticut leaf and are flavorful medium-bodied sticks. Coming in either a blue it’s a boy or pink it’s a girl band, each cigar will tempt you with its creamy nuances and seductive aroma. These cigars can be enjoyed by the grizzled cigar vet or cigar newbie.​",Mellow-Medium,['Toro'],,"Honduran, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,Toro,No,Connecticut,Alec Bradley
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,Rated 4.44 out of 5, Based on 41 Ratings ,"Toes in the sand, Alec Bradley in-hand.What’s more relaxing than kicking your feet up with a good, mellow cigar? Almost nothing, but what if I told you that cigar could transport you from your ho-hum patio to the shores of the Caribbean, until you can practically feel the waves lapping at your legs and the warm sun on your face? Most of us can only take one or two beach trips a year if we’re lucky, but with the new Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask Cigars, you can enjoy the tastes of paradise every day.Wearing a silky smooth Connecticut-shade wrapper securing well-aged long-fillers carefully infused with a splash of Caribbean rum, you’ll forget about the stresses of the daily grind the second you light up an Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask. Mellow, well-constructed, and satisfyingly sweet, keep a box on hand any time you need a miniature vacation, flip-flops and straw hat optional!",Mellow,"['Churchill', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",,,False,,More Details,,Varies,,"Churchill, Gordo, Robusto, Toro",Varies,Connecticut,Alec Bradley
Alec Bradley Connecticut,Rated 4.4 out of 5, Based on 15 Ratings ,"Connect with Alec Bradley.Say hello to Alec Bradley Connecticut. Sounds kind of generic I know, but the good news is the Connecticut boasts an array of big-time flavors, all while remaining pleasant and tame in body. If you love a fine Connecticut cigar, look no further than this one. Dressed in a seamless Ecuadorian Connecticut shade wrapper, and chock full of Honduran and Nicaraguan long-fillers, Connecticut produces a highly satisfying mellow to medium-bodied experience. Plumes of creamy and cool flavor coat the palate as notes of cedar, nuts, and toast enter the fray before a slightly sweet finish. Or, to keep it simple — it tastes really damn good.Good news, Alec Bradley Connecticut has earned a well-deserved 90-point rating, noting: ""An attractive-looking cigar with a three-seam cap. Its smoke shows nutty and spicy impressions alongside touches of citrus and sweet wood. The long finish hints of caramel.""",Mellow-Medium,"['Churchill', 'Corona', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Honduran,"Honduran, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Churchill, Corona, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Ecuador Connecticut,Alec Bradley
Alec Bradley Connecticut Fumas,Rated 4 out of 5, Based on 1 Rating ,"You already know Alec Bradley as a top-name in premium, affordable handmade cigars, and now you can get that same experience for pennies on the dollar with Alec Bradley Fumas! These sticks use the same high-quality blend as their originals, but may show a blemish here and there that kept them from making the final cut. But once you light up, you’ll agree that these Fumas are the real deal.The Fumas Connecticut is wrapped in a silky-smooth Ecuador Connecticut leaf, covering fillers from Nicaragua and Honduras. You’re in for a mellow-medium bodied profile, with creamy nuances of cedar and roasted nuts, with a toasty finish.",Mellow-Medium,"['Churchill', 'Gordo', 'Robusto']",Honduran,"Honduran, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,"Churchill, Gordo, Robusto",No,Ecuador Connecticut,Alec Bradley
Alec Bradley Coyol,Rated 4.58 out of 5, Based on 117 Ratings ,"Another stud is added to the Alec Bradley arsenal!Picking a favorite is hard, but I think it's safe to say Coyol is my #1 Alec Bradley blend. A classic, retro-feeling brand that’s bold and complex, Alec Bradley Coyol features a Honduran wrapper plus Nicaraguan and Honduran long-fillers with unique tobaccos from a farm named Coyol, giving this robust blend a one-of-a-kind taste. Known for the highest of quality control and its numerous 90-plus-rated hit-makers such as Prensado and Tempus, Coyol hails from the Raices Cubanas factory of Honduras. The Coyol farm became the inspiration behind this blend after AB owner Alan Rubin fell in love with the aroma and taste of the tobaccos that this revered farm produces. This celebrated tobacco can be found in every aspect of the Coyol blend. Wrapper, binder, and filler all have Coyol farm tobaccos making an appearance. A bold, medium-bodied profile with notes of earth, leather, and spice flourish around the palate from first light. Subtly sweet notes of cherry and nutmeg are also present on the finish. Yet another masterpiece from Alec Bradley…par for the course these days.Alec Bradley Coyol received a well-deserved 93-rating and was named the #18 Cigar of 2016 noting: ""Malty and rich flavors with a floral quality complimented by layers of cocoa, honey and cloves. The draw and burn are lush and flawless."" ​​",Medium-Full,"['Churchill', 'Gordo', 'Lancero/Panatela', 'Robusto', 'Toro']","Honduran, Nicaraguan","Honduran, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,"Churchill, Gordo, Lancero/Panatela, Robusto, Toro",No,Honduran,Alec Bradley
Alec Bradley Magic Toast,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 6 Ratings ,"Buttery smooth!Ever since he hit the #1 Cigar of the Year with Prensado, you’d guess that Alan Rubin (the founder and chief mind behind Alec Bradley) is blessed. Blend after blend, year after year, his cigars continue to grow in popularity… and the critics continue to love them too, doling out 90+ ratings by the dozen. Today, we shine the spotlight on a release from the 2018 IPCPR trade show: Magic Toast. And to clarify, we’re talking toast of the whiskey kind, not rye or sourdough. A strange name to be sure, but one with meaning: Magic Toast is named after a drink shared in one of Honduras’s tobacco fields. But I wouldn’t blame you for thinking it references the blend — this buttery-smooth cigar features a unique mixture of natural tobacco sweetness, chocolate, and hints of cedar. A blend of Honduran and Nicaraguan tobaccos, Magic Toast fits right into the rest of the AB portfolio, and I’m guessing it’ll find a place in your humidor most easily. ",Medium-Full,"['Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']","Honduran, Nicaraguan","Honduran, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Honduras,Varies,,"Gordo, Robusto, Toro",Varies,Honduran,Alec Bradley
Alec Bradley MAXX,Rated 4.53 out of 5, Based on 74 Ratings ,"Enjoy the true personality of Alec Bradley cigars.MAXX cigars were designed to deliver an eventful character that is balanced and far from overwhelming. Cloaked by a dark Nicaraguan maduro leaf, a complex, 4-country blend of tobaccos is bound by a tasty Co​sta Rican Binder. The complex cocktail of countries in this charmer includes: Colombia, Nicaragua, Honduras and Mexico. The result is a medium to full-bodied blend that's rich and smooth as silk from the get-go, but filled with toasty, earthy flavors and a natural sweetness on the lingering aftertaste.Despite the wonderful array of flavors and aroma, what's most striking about MAXX is the lineup of sizes. Each cigar within the line is quite large, maximizing flavor and strength inside a long, luxurious experience.MAXX also received numerous 90+ ratings, including a well deserved '91' rating, stating: ""It has a sweet wood flavor, with toast and spice notes, and it continues to improve as it's puffed.""",Medium-Full,"['Corona', 'Gordo', 'Toro']",Costa Rica,"Colombian, Mexican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Corona, Gordo, Toro",No,Nicaraguan,Alec Bradley
Alec Bradley Medalist,Rated 4.75 out of 5, Based on 16 Ratings ,"“To be the best, you have to beat the best.” The quote above is a direct response from Alec Bradley’s founder, Alan Rubin, when asked about Medalist. It’s a spirit that the folks at Alec Bradley have always carried, especially since they earned the #1 Cigar of the Year spot a few years back. Constantly tinkering, innovating, and asking themselves how they can do better, Alec Bradley releases winner after winner on a most consistent basis. Today, we shine the spotlight on the latest trophy in their case, Alec Bradley Medalist. Showcasing a stunning Honduran puro blend, Medalist pays homage to Alec Bradley’s roots. Known today for their medium to full-bodied blends, Medalist reminds us of a day where mellower cigars ruled the roost – and does so most impressively. Toasting the foot on these Connecticut wrapped perfections, you’ll find a warm and toasty flavor profile, complemented by soft cedar notes, and an enjoyable creaminess that stays with you down to the nub.",Mellow-Medium,"['Churchill', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Honduran,"Honduran, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,"Churchill, Gordo, Robusto, Toro",No,Honduran,Alec Bradley
Alec Bradley Mundial,Rated 4.51 out of 5, Based on 89 Ratings ,"A global sensation.Even though it took Alec Bradley almost five years to complete Mundial, it was well worth every hard-earned day. This blend hung out on the back burner for years, making way for hits such as Prensado, Cigar Aficionado’s Cigar of the Year in 2011. As for Mundial, the timing was never just right....Until now.Make way for this incredibly special blend, featuring a careful mix of four distinct fillers from Nicaragua and Honduras with a generous amount of ligero and two binders – one Honduran, one Nicaraguan. The wrapper leaf is a thing of beauty, a stunner from the Trojes region of Honduras. Besides just the blend, the shape of this handmade is a real standout, with all sizes being rolled in the perfecto shape. All in all, Mundial is worth the wait, and it showed up right on time.Alec Bradley Mundial has been awarded with an impressive 92-rating, noting: ""Full of meaty, rich intonations, this cigar also imparts a pleasant minerality before a spicy, leathery finish. It’s well rolled with a pointed foot and dark wrapper.""",Full,['Perfecto'],"Honduran, Nicaraguan","Honduran, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,Perfecto,No,Honduran,Alec Bradley
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,Rated 4.59 out of 5, Based on 68 Ratings ,"​Alec Bradley's first Nicaraguan puro.The Nica Puro marks the first Alec Bradley cigar crafted with all Nicaraguan tobaccos. Surprising, I know, especially when you consider the impressive slew of 90+ rated blends now under the Alec Bradley​ umbrella. But that's neither here nor there - what is important is that the Nica Puro hits all the right keys in typical Alec Bradley fashion.Medium-bodied, well-balanced and rich, the Nica Puro is everything a Nicaraguan cigar should be. It all starts with an extensively fermented Nicaraguan Habano wrapper, glistening with oils and soft to the touch. Just beneath this leaf, a bold yet balanced core of Nicaraguan long-fillers secured by a Nicaraguan binder. This all-Nicaraguan cast of tobaccos strikes up bevy of chewy hearty flavor. Hints of leather, cocoa, nutmeg, toast and roasted nuts wash over the palate, before a long satisfying finish. This may be Alan Rubin's first Nicaraguan puro, but it sure is good.Nica Puro is the proud wearer of numerous 90-ratings. One review noted, ""Rich notes of leather and raisin make this dark and oily cigar a solid performer. The draw imparts copious amounts of lush, flavorful smoke.""",Medium-Full,"['Churchill', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Short Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Churchill, Gordo, Robusto, Short Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Habano,Alec Bradley
Alec Bradley Nica Puro Rosado,Rated 4.47 out of 5, Based on 17 Ratings ,"The sequel suprasses the originalI don't know how they do it, but the crew at Alec Bradley cigars consistently churns out one delicious blend after another. High ratings are the norm for the boutique brand — including the 96-rated Alec Bradley Presnsado and 90-rated Nica Puro, and each cigar they release seems to earn higher marks across the board. Nica Puro Rosado represents an evolution for the brand. A Nicaraguan double binder and core of long-fillers from Nicaragua's 3 main growing regions — Jalapa, Condega, and Esteli — are blanketed by a golden Nicaraguan Rosado wrapper. This medium to full-bodied morsel delivers flavors of nuts, chocolate, leather, and spice, with each flavor remaining balanced and complementary. Taste the next incarnation of the highly-rated Alec Bradley Nica Puro, and order this delicious blend today. ​This blend earned multiple '91'-ratings, with one noting: ""A blend-blueprint of dense double-binders and tobaccos from three growing regions of Esteli will satisfy both novice and complex palates alike. A truly 'essential' experience."" ",Medium-Full,"['Churchill', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Short Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Churchill, Gordo, Robusto, Short Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Nicaraguan,Alec Bradley
Alec Bradley Occidental Reserve,Rated 4.52 out of 5,,"Take advantage of our occident-ally low prices.Take flight in the way-back machine to around the year 2000 and you can witness the birth of the Occidental Reserve and the launching of a now legendary brand.  Alec Bradley Occidental Reserve was the first truly premium offering from the newly formed Alec Bradley cigars and paved the way for this boutique brand’s enduring success.Named for Henke Kelner’s (blender of Avo and Davidoff) Dominican cigar factory, Occidental Reserve is sheathed in a silky Ecuador Connecticut Shade wrapper sitting atop Dominican Olor, Piloto, and San Vicente long-fillers. Mellow to medium-bodied, you’ll experience hints of cream, tasteful spice, cedar, and earth which set the table for an enjoyable cigar. Take advantage of our ludicrous pricing and scoop up a couple bundles before they’re gone. ​",Mellow-Medium,['Gigante'],Connecticut,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,Gigante,No,Ecuador Connecticut,
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,Rated 4.74 out of 5, Based on 31 Ratings ,"So close, yet so far away.Although it’s only 90 miles off the Florida coast, Cuba might as well be a whole world away. Alan Rubin, of Alec Bradley cigars, looks hopefully towards the future with Alec Bradley Post Embargo. This new cigar imagines a day when Cuban and non-Cuban brands can compete on a level playing field.Crafted at the Raices Cubanas factory in Honduras, Post Embargo comes dressed in a Honduran wrapper, 2 binders from Honduras and Nicaragua, and a blend of prime long-fillers from Nicaragua and Honduras. This medium to full-bodied morsel boasts flavors of earth, spice, cocoa, and nuts, with some subtle sweetness at play in the background. Sample the Post Embargo and experience a blend that looks to the future.The Alec Bradley Post Embargo recently earned a well-deserved '92'-rating. The review noted, ""Savory notes of leather and briny olive take on a malty earthiness before a sweet finish redolent of chocolate-covered raisins.""",Medium-Full,"['Belicoso', 'Gordo', 'Lancero/Panatela', 'Robusto', 'Toro']","Honduran, Nicaraguan","Honduran, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Honduras,Yes,,"Belicoso, Gordo, Lancero/Panatela, Robusto, Toro",No,Honduran,Alec Bradley
Alec Bradley Prensado,Rated 4.71 out of 5, Based on 299 Ratings ,"96-Rated and oh-so-amazingIntroducing, Prensado....a rich a redolent handmade guaranteed to satisfy. This exquisite handmade employs a special '​Trojes' Corojo wrapper grown in Honduras and a flavorful blend of Nicaraguan, Honduran, and more Trojes long-fillers. Expect a bold and eventful blend that brings interesting flavors in spades. Buttery-smooth notes of deep, rich nuances including roasted flavors, coffee, and a dash of sweet red pepper. 96-rated and impressively built, that's Alec Bradley Prensado.In addition to being named the Top Cigar of 2011, Alec Bradley Prensado received an unheard of, 96-point rating, noting, """"The Alec Bradley Prensado is as gorgeous a cigar as you’ll ever see, with a picture-perfect head and a stunning wrapper. But it is the flavor that makes it a classic. The Honduran and Nicaraguan tobaccos come together to create leather, chocolate and spice notes, and a long, lush finish.""",Full,"['Churchill', 'Corona', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Nicaraguan,"Honduran, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Honduras,Yes,,"Churchill, Corona, Gordo, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Honduran,Alec Bradley
Alec Bradley Prensado Fumas,Rated 4.33 out of 5, Based on 6 Ratings ,"You already know Alec Bradley as a top-name in premium, affordable handmade cigars, and now you can get that same experience for pennies on the dollar with Alec Bradley Fumas! These sticks use the same high-quality blend as their originals, but may show a blemish here and there that kept them from making the final cut. But once you light up, you’ll agree that these Fumas are the real deal.Aficionados the world over have sought out the Alec Bradley Prensado for an unbelievably rich experience ever since it was awarded the #1 Cigar of the Year spot with a 96-point rating in 2011. Consisting of Honduran and Nicaraguan fillers wrapped in a gorgeous Honduran leaf, The Prensado Fumas pump out the same full-bodied notes of spice, leather, and chocolate, with a long & satisfying finish as the original, that will have you smacking your lips thinking of the next one!",Medium-Full,"['Churchill', 'Robusto']",,"Honduran, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Honduras,Varies,,"Churchill, Robusto",Varies,"Honduran, Sun Grown",Alec Bradley
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,Rated 4.63 out of 5, Based on 65 Ratings ,"Find Yourself LostThe long awaited sequel to the 96-rated, #1 Cigar of 2011 is here. Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art a full-bodied blend from one of the hottest brands on the market created to pay homage to the lost art of handcrafting goods. Yeah, its all fine and dandy that technology allows us  to mass produce our fine goods, but knowing how to turn out a hand rolled cigar is truly a work of art. Prensado Lost Art is a superb example of a handcrafted premium. This highly-anticipated blend is made up of the finest Nicaraguan and Honduran tobaccos, and covered in a Honduran Corojo wrapper. Full in body, Prensado Lost Art offers rich notes espresso. leather, and pepper making this an indulgent cigar for your collection. Good news! Prensado Lost Art has received a well deserved 91-point rating, noting: ""Tightly packed with tobacco, this fat, box-pressed cigar has an excellent draw that delivers notes of sweet molasses, nuts and hickory wood. The finish hints of coffee.""",Full,"['Churchill', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']","Honduran, Nicaraguan","Honduran, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Honduras,Yes,,"Churchill, Gordo, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Honduran,Alec Bradley
Alec Bradley Project 40,Rated 4.57 out of 5, Based on 21 Ratings ,"Here to help with your 40%.Project 40 has probably impacted your life, without you even realizing it. Basically, Project 40 is based on the concept that 50% percent of your happiness comes from genetics, 10% is based on circumstance, and the remaining 40% all depends on your outlook and mindset. The goal is to find how a product can have a positive impact on your mind and body, and improve your happiness and comfort overall. We all know that cigars are a relaxing activity that brings people together and helps create a sense of comfort and mental well-being, so it was only natural that Alan Rubin of Alec Bradley would apply this concept to cigars!Project 40 comes draped in a Nicaraguan wrapper leaf concealing a Brazilian Habano binder stuffed with Nicaraguan fillers, and the well-balanced blend of cedar, nuts, and spice will certainly give a boost to your mood. Add in the excellent construction and CI’s low every day pricing, as you’ve got a cigar sure to warm your soul.Good news! The Alec Bradley Project 40 has earned an impressive 93-point rating, noting ""The draw of this rustic-looking cigar is effortless, offering floral and nutty smoke with pronounced notes of baking spices, chocolate and walnut. Touches of tropical fruit also come through. Balanced and elegant.""",Medium,"['Churchill', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']","Brazil, Habano",Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,False,,"Churchill, Gordo, Robusto, Toro",False,Nicaraguan,Alec Bradley
Alec Bradley Sanctum,Rated 4.5 out of 5, Based on 34 Ratings ,"Find your peace, find the SanctumThere are more 90+ rated cigars in Alec Bradley’s portfolio than screaming teenagers at a One Direction concert. With a string of hits including Tempus and Prensado, they really had to bring the heat with their newest addition, Sanctum. The over the top packaging sets the bar high and boy does the Sanctum deliver on all fronts. Featuring a Honduran Corojo wrapper, a Costa Rican binder, and a blend of Colombian, Nicaraguan, and Honduran long-fillers, the flavor profile is rich and distinct. Sanctum is medium to full-bodied and the construction is perfect with an excellent burn and draw. The flavors will draw you in, setting the table for a complex and pleasurable experience with notes of pepper, fruit, spice, and wood. Scoop up some peace of mind and don’t miss out on Alec Bradley Sanctum. Alec Bradley Sanctum received two 91-ratings, and Top 25 honors for 2015 (#15 overall) and a well-deserved 93-rating noting,""intensifies to show a diverse but harmonious range of flavors from white pepper and cinnamon to vanilla bean and almond paste.""​",Medium-Full,['Robusto'],Costa Rica,"Colombian, Honduran, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,Robusto,No,Corojo,
Alec Bradley Select Corojo,Rated 4.18 out of 5, Based on 22 Ratings ,"A great selectionAlec Bradley cigars are hard not to love. This family owned boutique brand works incredibly hard, constantly releasing new products that are always well received. In fact, as I’m writing this, it was just announced that their Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli blend earned a 93-rating and landed at #9 on the Top 25 Cigars of 2018 list. Back to Select Corojo – this one is a sure bet for an everyday charmer. Packaged in affordable bundles of 20, Select Corojo allows you to get a taste of boutique charm, at a price point that can land it in your everyday rotation. Up top is a high quality Corojo wrapper that coats a core of Nicaraguan grown long-fillers. They burn smooth and slow, providing flavors of coffee, natural tobacco, baking spice, and sweet earth. Pick up a bundle today to get a taste of this celebrated brand. ",Medium,"['Churchill', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Sumatra,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,"Churchill, Gordo, Robusto, Toro",No,"Corojo, Nicaraguan",Alec Bradley
Alec Bradley Superstition,Rated 4.32 out of 5, Based on 28 Ratings ,"The Writing’s on the WallTalk to a manufacturer or tobacco grower in our industry and they’ll tell be sure to tell you about their one “hidden secret.” The secret sauce in their formula that no one else has. Maybe it’s the way they transplant their tobacco to the fields, maybe it’s a special soil, or an aging technique, or the quality of canvas they use to wrap bales of tobacco… whatever it is, everyone in our industry is a little superstitious. But when you use great tobacco and quality techniques, you don’t need any tricks or secrets — you just make fine cigars day in and day out. Case in point? Alec Bradley Superstition, today’s specimen of attention. Highly-complex and uber-enjoyable, each AB Superstition included Cuban-seed long-filler tobaccos from Honduras, Nicaragua, and the DR underneath a beautifully oily Nicaraguan Habano wrapper leaf. Light it up and you’ll find loads of espresso, leather, roasted nuts, and a bit of spice on the finish. ",Medium-Full,"['Churchill', 'Robusto', 'Torpedo']",Sumatra,"Dominican, Honduran, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Robusto, Torpedo",No,"Habano, Nicaraguan Jalapa",Alec Bradley
Alec Bradley Tempus,Rated 4.64 out of 5, Based on 177 Ratings ,"A 94-rated masterpiece.Here it is, quite possibly the crowning achievement of Alec Bradley Cigars. Tempus is truly boutique, right down to the tobaccos used. The Habano-seed wrapper hails from a small tobacco field located on the border of Nicaragua and Honduras, capturing the rich, hearty flavors of Honduras. This leaf is dark and leathery, and conceals a complex mixture of Cuban-seed long-fillers grown in both Nicaragua and Honduras. The cigar explodes with rich, but smooth flavors noting toasted wood and nuts. The finish is long and peppery with an enjoyable sweetnes​s.The Magistri is a special size produced in limited quantities. Only 1,000 boxes were produced total, and each of these perfectos utilize a higher priming wrapper that is darker in color. Thanks to numerous well-deserved '94' ratings, the Alec Bradley Tempus was named the #5 Cigar of 2017. The reviews noted, ""Dark and attractive with an effortless draw, this cigar produces a rich, semisweet smoke, leaving balanced impressions of wood and nuts. Big, delicious flavor.""",,"['Churchill', 'Corona', 'Gordo', 'Perfecto', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']","Honduran, Indonesian","Honduran, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Honduras,Varies,,"Churchill, Corona, Gordo, Perfecto, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Honduran,Alec Bradley
Alec Bradley Tempus Fumas,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 1 Rating ,"You already know Alec Bradley as a top-name in premium, affordable handmade cigars, and now you can get that same experience for pennies on the dollar with Alec Bradley Fumas! These sticks use the same high-quality blend as their originals, but may show a blemish here and there that kept them from making the final cut. But once you light up, you’ll agree that these Fumas are the real deal.The 94-rated Tempus is the pinnacle of Alec Bradley’s blending expertise, and the Tempus Fumas lives up to that reputation. The hearty, medium-full bodied notes of leather, earth, and wood is achieved by a carefully balanced blend of Nicaraguan and Honduran long-fillers, tucked beneath a sturdy Honduran wrapper.",,"['Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Honduran,"Honduran, Nicaraguan",False,,More Details,Honduras,Varies,,"Gordo, Robusto, Toro",Varies,Honduran,Alec Bradley
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,Rated 4.46 out of 5, Based on 108 Ratings ,"A darker, richer Tempus cigar.Take the 94-rated Tempus, add a maduro wrapper into the equation, and come out on top with another winning blend. If only everything were that easy. But for Alan Rubin of Alec Bradley, the wind is always at his back.Tempus Maduro cigars combine the same rich filler bl​end as the original Tempus, now paired with a San Andres maduro wrapper. This wrapper leaf is dark and luscious, specially fermented using an old Cuban technique. The result is a rich, full-flavored blend that's smooth and balanced throughout. Notes of coffee, cocoa, pepper, cedar, and a slightly sweet finish characterize this complex new addition to the Alec Bradley line up.Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro received a well-deserved 90-rating noting: ""A dark cigar with some pronounced veins and a roughly applied cap. It's notes of licorice and nuts take on a firey, chili pepper spiciness. The finish is a touch chalky."" ",Full,"['Churchill', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']","Honduran, Indonesian","Honduran, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Honduras,Varies,,"Churchill, Gordo, Robusto, Toro",No,San Andres,Alec Bradley
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,Rated 4.54 out of 5, Based on 92 Ratings ,"Time for a change.Move aside Pete Rose, Alec Bradley is the new hit leader. Alec Bradley Tempus, a 94 rated gem, adds a new player to the lineup, Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua. Handmade with the same attention to detail and with the use of Nicaraguan ultra-premium tobaccos, this puro is sure to have fans clamoring for more.With a choice, premium Nicaraguan Jalapa wrapper surrounding a Nicaraguan double binder and long-fillers from Nicaragua’s 3 growing regions, Jalapa, Condega, and Esteli, you’ll be dizzy from sensory overload. The cigar boasts a gorgeous appearance and comes in at a solid medium-body with a rich and earthy profile with highlights of spice, pepper, cedar, and leather. Be sure to try this sumptuous treat and kick back and soak in the big, delicious flavors.Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua received two separate 90-ratings in 2016 and 2017, noting: ""There's a bit of an oily gleam to the wrapper of this dark, reddish-brown cigar. It's a toasty smoke accentuated by nutty notes and a sweet, caramel finish.""​",,"['Churchill', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Honduras,Varies,,"Churchill, Gordo, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",Varies,Nicaraguan,Alec Bradley
Alec Bradley Texas Lancero,Rated 4.6 out of 5, Based on 15 Ratings ,"Everything’s bigger in Texas!In America, and growing rapidly across the globe, the demand for thicker, longer cigars has changed the shape of the cigar industry (get it?). Alec Bradley answers the bell with this new, ironically named behemoth of a handmade, the Texas Lancero. This massive, 7”x70 giant will set you in a state (get it?) of euphoria for what seems like days. Along with its gargantuan size comes enormous flavor. A bevy of Nicaraguan, Honduran, and Costa Rican long-fillers plump up this monster before it’s all secured by a gleaming Nicaraguan wrapper leaf. A rich and spicy profile is supported by notes of citrus, leather, and nuts to create a delicious, medium-bodied profile you’ll want to burn for hours.  And thankfully, this big-ring beauty obliges and burns just about as long as you’ll let it. ",Medium,['Gordo'],Indonesian,"Costa Rican, Honduran, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,Gordo,No,Nicaraguan,Alec Bradley
Alec Bradley The Lineage,Rated 4.64 out of 5, Based on 73 Ratings ,"It’s all in the family.A family man at heart, Alan Rubin’s next endeavor was inspired by two very important people. For those unfortunate souls who have yet to become acquainted with Alec Bradley and his vast portfolio, here’s a quick fact: Alec Bradley is not the name of the manufacturer. The line was founded in 1996 and was named after Alan’s two young sons,  Alec and Bradley. Eighteen years later, both lads have reached legal age in most states. To celebrate this momentous occasion, Alec Bradley Lineage was born.Lineage is an extension to the Family Blend line, a collection of premium handmades that already boasts multiple 90+ ratings, and by the looks of it, this is sure to be another. A milk chocolaty Honduran wrapper leaf from the Trojes growing region covers finely aged Nicaraguan and Honduran long-fillers. Beautifully constructed, Lineage delivers notes of earth, cedar, and citrus, with a subtle spice appearing on the retrohale. This selection is a must-try, that’s for sure. Plus, at these affordable prices, it’s so easy to say yes! Good news! Alec Bradley the lineage has received a well-deserved 90-point rating, noting: ""Topped with a pigtail cap, this robusto smokes evenly with a clean burn and full draw. It's a toasty, creamy smoke with some salty elements, a bit of earth and a toffee sweetness.""",Medium,"['Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Nicaraguan,"Honduran, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,"Gordo, Robusto, Toro",No,Honduran,Alec Bradley
Alec Bradley V2L Black,Rated 4.44 out of 5, Based on 27 Ratings ,"2 Visos, 2 Ligeros, 2 good to pass up.Alec Bradley is a powerhouse. With so many 90+ ratings, and even a few Cigar of the Year awards under their belt, it’s dead obvious that they know what they’re doing. They have a cigar to please every palate, and they’re all blended to impress. Needless to say, when Alec Bradley announces a new cigar, I prick up my ears and pay attention (and clear some space in my humidor). And I have plenty of space open for the new stick that just landed on my desk, the V2L Black.I know what you’re probably thinking, and V2L isn’t something under the hood of your car. Instead, it describes the delicious tobacco beneath the toothy Nicaraguan wrapper and flavorful Honduran binder of this redolent new handmade. A core of 2 Viso and 2 Ligero long-fillers from 4 different farms gives you all the horsepower you need to finish your day, with notes of earth, spice, and oak, and a bit of pepper in the finish. Weighing in at medium to full-bodied, the V2L Black is sure to get your motor started.",Medium-Full,"['Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Honduran,Honduran,False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,"Gordo, Robusto, Toro",No,"Ligero, Maduro, Nicaraguan, Sun Grown",Alec Bradley
Alec Bradley White Gold,Rated 3.85 out of 5, Based on 644 Ratings ," All Gold Everything.Is this the same Alec Bradley responsible for countless 90+ rated blends?...Yes! And the same one who has a multitude of Top Cigars of the Year?...Yes! The same Alec Bradley that demands top dollar day in and day out?...Sure is! But now, thanks to CI, he will be remembered for bringing you White Gold. Alec Bradley White Gold is a modest, ‘Cuban Sandwich’ creation issuing smooth, mellow nuances of toast, cream, and gentle spices with every puff. Draped in a Connecticut wrapper, each cigar burns like a dream, proving that they could easily fetch twice the asking price. If you’re a fan of mellow, affordable handmades, you should be half-way to checkout by now. This is sheer insanity.",Mellow,"['Churchill', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",,"Dominican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Churchill, Robusto, Toro",No,Connecticut,Alec Bradley
Alpha Absinthe Infused - Connecticut,Rated 3.88 out of 5,,Get into the spirit of Alpha’s cigarThe absence of Absinthe is done with. That’s right boy. You heard correct. The once-banned green liquor made a comeback that’s being served up in more than your shot glass. Alpha Cigar Co. concocted a Connecticut Absinthe infused cigar as their debut blend. Classic creaminess in the perfectly aged Connecticut wrapper meets notes of hay and spice with traces of pine and citrus. Inside this mellow to medium-bodied cigar lies Cuban seed Piloto Cubano leaves where one lucky leaf in each is infused with premium French Absinthe. Botanical subtleties will greet your palate from the 15 different herbs used in the blend. Absinthe Infused Connecticut – a unique cigar well worth trying.,Mellow-Medium,['Gordo'],Dominican,"Cuban, Nicaraguan",True,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,Gordo,Yes,Ecuador Connecticut,
Alpha Absinthe Infused - Maduro,Rated 4.55 out of 5,,"A highly-praised infused Maduro from Alpha CigarsDiscover a Maduro cigar that stands above the rest, Absinthe Infused Maduro. Receiving a well-deserved 92-rating from Cigar and Spirits magazine, this spiked stogie has claimed the spot as the world’s highest-rated infused cigar by any major publication. That alone should put you in high spirits to try this handmade premium. Each Absinthe Infused Maduro is rolled in pairs with a single leaf bathed in top-notch French Absinthe and is bunched in the Cuban entubado style for an optimal draw. A full-bodied one-of-a-kind cigar, this Maduro offers notes of cocoa, spice, and botanical nuances from the 15 herbs it’s crafted with. ",Medium,['Corona'],Dominican,"Cuban, Nicaraguan",True,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,Corona,Yes,San Andres,
Alta Gracia,Rated 4.36 out of 5, Based on 277 Ratings ,"A wee bit of Irish goodness!Alta Gracia means “High Grace.” Appropriately so because these little cigarillos are heavenly. Made in Ireland - the land of Saints & Scholars (not to mention Jameson, Guinness and Riverdance) - Alta Gracia cigars are one of a kind 'in-betweener' blends. They burn a tad hot toward the end but all the while exude a creamy tobacco flavor with a naturally sweet finish. Choose between Natural, Maduro, Irish Cream, and Maduro Irish Cream and savor Alta Gracia’s smoothness. Perfect for a quick indulgence....besides, at my friggin' awesome price it's hard to go wrong.",Mellow,['Cigarillos'],Indonesian,Dominican,True,No,More Details,Ireland,No,,Cigarillos,Varies,Sumatra,
Amati,Rated 3.5 out of 5, Based on 441 Ratings ,"TRY THIS….and tell me it’s not the best value around.This is not an optical illusion. It is not a misprint. Nor is it a sick joke. This is 100% the real deal, boyo! That’s right, here at CI we make miracles happen, and this one is worthy of notifying all the clergymen. USA Connecticut wrapped lovelies in a box for right around a dollar a stick. Holy s…err cow, is right! And it gets even better. Each Amati cigar is constructed with Dominican long-fillers, for an incredibly smooth and creamy experience. Oh, yes. It’s a damn near impossible combination at these prices. Be one of the first in line, and fully enjoy thy spoils.​",Mellow-Medium,"['Churchill', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Connecticut,
Anonymous Cigars by Cult,Rated 4.67 out of 5,,"A cigar so good it was named AnonymousCult cigars make sure they stand out from the crowd with their unique flavorful premiums made out of the TACASA factory in Esteli, Nicaragua. This boutique brand is anything but ordinary, with a name like Cult, but their cigars are on point in quality and taste. Enter their latest Anonymous. Made up of the finest Nicaraguan long-fillers, a blend of binders from Indonesia, Nicaragua, and Mexico, and covered in a spicy Ecuador Habano wrapper, Anonymous is a great cigar to enjoy time and time again. Keep it anonymous when you buy a bunch of these premium handmades.",Medium,['Toro'],,,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,Toro,No,Habano,Cult
Archetype Axis Mundi,Rated 5 out of 5,,"The world revolves around ArchetypeYou shouldn’t judge a book by its cover, but I knew I’d love Archetype’s Axis Mundi at first glance. Just look at this thing! Glistening with oils, sharply contrasting with the metallic red band, Axis Mundi is a beautifully dark maduro that practically begs you to pick it out of your humidor. And I’d recommend you do — you won’t be disappointed. The wrapper leaf in question is a dark Ecuadorian Habano Maduro that sits expertly atop an Indonesian Sumatra binder and Nicaraguan Habano filler leaves. Toasting the foot of the Archetype Axis Mundi, you’ll find droves of tobaccos sweetness, complex baking spices, and a core flavor of dark fruit. Rated an insane 96 by Cigar & Spirits magazine, Axis Mundi might just be the best boutique blend you try this year. The Archetype Axis Mundi received a respectable 93-rating, and earned a spot in the Top 25 Cigars of 2017. The reviewers noted, ""rich layers of coffee bean, caramel, and nuttiness... a hint of cedar manages to manifest itself as well.""",Full,['Corona'],Sumatra,,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,Corona,No,Ecuador Habano,Archetype Cigars
Archetype Dreamstate,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 1 Rating ,"A cigar straight outta my dreams! There’s two things I need for a perfect morning — a hot cup of coffee, and a delicious Connecticut wrapped cigar. Luckily, with Archetype Dreamstate, I’m already halfway there. With incredibly artistic packaging and an insane attention to detail, Dreamstate begs for your attention. And if you enjoy a smooth cigar, I’d recommend you don’t ignore it. Getting things started, you’ll find a Dominican San Vincente binder and an Ecuadorian Connecticut wrapper. The tobaccos used are choice leaves, handpicked and perfectly aged for each and every cigar. The result is a gorgeously balanced flavor profile, featuring a complex bouquet of fruit, vanilla, and white pepper. Don’t sleep on this one boys, Dreamstate is well worth the try. ",Mellow-Medium,"['Churchill', 'Toro']",Dominican,,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Toro",No,Ecuador Connecticut,Archetype Cigars
Archetype Initiation,Rated 3 out of 5,,"Prepare yourselfAh, Initiation. A word that instantly transports me back to college, fraternities, and the crazy ass stunts we pulled under what would now be called “hazing.” Luckily, this cigar from Archetype isn’t here to make you eat a goldfish. No sir, instead, Archetype Initiation is an adventure in the art of nuanced flavor, presenting an Ecuadorian Habano wrapped blend that any cigar enthusiast can enjoy. If you love Habano, Initiation is the cigar for you. From filler to binder to wrapper, every single leaf in this beauty is fine Habano tobacco. The profile weighs in at a comfortable medium, with floral and citrus notes leading the charge for most of the burn. A step up from most Connecticuts on the market, Initiation would make a perfect choice for the new cigar enthusiast who’s looking to try something a bit more complex. ",Medium,"['Churchill', 'Corona', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Habano,,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Churchill, Corona, Robusto, Toro",No,Ecuador Habano,Archetype Cigars
Archetype Sage Advice,Rated 3 out of 5, Based on 1 Rating ,"Take this adviceThe Archetype cigar line launched with five blends, each unique and delicious in their own right. Today, we’re examining Sage Advice – part of Archetype’s “Series A” releases. This, Dreamstate, and Strange Passage were all produced at Davidoff owned factories in the Dominican Republic. So you can be sure you’re getting quality tobaccos. As for the blend itself, Sage Advice features a booming seven different tobaccos. The filler blend is undisclosed, besides the fact that they’re all long leaf. For the binder, you’ll find a Dominican San Vincente leaf, underneath a proprietary hybrid Habano wrapper. Toasting the foot, Sage Advice gives off some of the grassy notes you’d expect from a Davidoff cigar, mixed with natural tobacco and sharp pepper. The pun is too obvious, but I’ll say it anyway: take my advice, and secure yourself a box today.",Full,"['Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Honduran,,False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,"Gordo, Robusto, Toro",No,Ecuador Habano,Archetype Cigars
Archetype Strange Passage,Rated 5 out of 5,,"Prepare for a journeyStrange Passage is a cigar that’s guaranteed to make you do a double take. From the bizarre name, to the dragon in the art, to the small maze on the foot band, this presentation is most certainly… unique. But believe me, Strange Passage is legit, and most worthy of your attention. The name here isn’t just a marketing gimmick — Strange Passage is blended to be multi-dimensional, a cigar that transforms as you burn it. At the start, you’ll find a classic full-bodied profile loaded with notes of coffee and woods. But let this baby burn, and soon earth, fruit, and a light, spicy finish will join the mix. It’d be tough to pick a favorite cigar from Archetype, but Strange Passage is, without a doubt, their most complex. Good news, the Archetype Strange Passage has earned an awesome 92-point rating, noting; ""Sweet, warm notes of chocolate and toast set the tone for this box-pressed robusto, which also imparts a nutty, nougat sweetness and a salty hint of leather.""",Full,"['Robusto', 'Short Robusto']",Corojo,,False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,"Robusto, Short Robusto",No,Ecuador Habano,Archetype Cigars
Arganese Connecticut,Rated 4.16 out of 5, Based on 207 Ratings ,"Oh boy, Arganese just got a makeover!Same great blend, same low price, bold new look. This is the exact type of handmade you should be trotting out at picnics and BBQs, or anytime you’re looking to impress someone without spending a fortune. I can guarantee that the presentation will hint at a hefty price tag, but because you’ve shipwrecked here on the shores of CI, you’ll never pay even close to what it’s worth. So go ahead – bring home a slew of tasty, well-made, and flavorful handmades starting at just 40 bucks per bundle.Arganese Connecticut utilizes a mellow, well-aged long-filler blend underneath a seamless Connecticut shade wrapper. Smooth and creamy throughout with a backing core of crisp, toasty tobacco flavors. Mellow in profile, but impressively tasty.",Mellow-Medium,"['Churchill', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Indonesian,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Churchill, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Connecticut,Arganese
Arganese Habano,Rated 4.26 out of 5, Based on 222 Ratings ,"Arganese's bread and butterA perfect handmade to keep your humidor stocked to the brim, this bundle is a great item to have on hand for your next BBQ or family gathering. Impressive and affordable, Arganese delivers high-quality flavor at low-quality prices. Start enjoying them today for right around a buck a stick.Arganese Habano incorporates a dark-brown, you guessed it, Habano wrapper from Nicaragua and a bold Cuban-seed long-filler blend to deliver a dense tobacco core supported by subtle notes of leather and a long, semi-sweet and peppery finish.",Medium-Full,"['Churchill', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Churchill, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Habano,Arganese
Arganese Il Mezzo,Rated 4.75 out of 5, Based on 4 Ratings ,"Il CherootArganese has been killing the bundled cigar game the past couple of years. Delivering well-constructed and flavorful handmade cigars for bottom dollar prices, they’ve earned a place in your humidor. And now they’re taking their talents in another direction. Arganese Il Mezzo is an Italian-style rustic little cheroot (open on both ends). They don’t look the prettiest, but they deliver some powerful flavors in droves. Hailing from the Dominican Republic, they use 100% American grown tobaccos for the wrapper, binder, and filler. All dark fire cured leaves grown in Kentucky and Tennessee. Light one up and experience rich and feisty flavors that are heavy on the palate. Packaged in convenient cardboard packs of 5, these are great to carry around on a night out. ",Medium-Full,['Cigarillos'],,,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,False,,Cigarillos,False,Kentucky Fire-Cured,Arganese
Arganese Maduro,Rated 4.33 out of 5, Based on 180 Ratings ,"Arganese's boldest blendRich, toothy, and inviting the Arganese Maduro is like a cool breeze on a hot summer day. Smooth and refreshing to burn, and even more refreshing on the ol' wallet.Arganese Maduro utilizes a well-aged blend of Nicaraguan long-fillers paired with a dark, oily Broadleaf maduro wrapper to deliver a medium-bodied array of coffee and dark chocolate flavors complemented by a naturally sweet finish. In a word, it’s dee-lish – and priced to move.",Medium,"['Churchill', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Habano,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Churchill, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Connecticut Broadleaf,Arganese
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,Rated 4.73 out of 5, Based on 102 Ratings ,"The Original MasterpieceThere’s a time and a place for risk taking....like Vegas, for example. And then there’s a time and place where you just want a guaranteed outcome, like after a long, hard day of bringing home the bacon. When it comes to consistency, Arturo Fuente is just like winning the lottery every single day – consistent quality, consistent flavor, consistent construction. It’s the cigar equivalent of how your spot on the couch somehow manages to feel exactly the same no matter how many times you sit on it. Quite simply the Arturo Fuente cigar reviews all read the same way, “This cigar is great, its my favorite cigar in the world, buy now.”Need a little more info? The Chateau Fuente Series cigars are made with Connecticut Shade or Ecuador Sungrown wrappers. They're masterfully blended from the Fuente's private reserve of aged tobaccos and the cigars themselves are all aged to perfection before being placed in their signature cedar sleeves. Well-made, mellow to medium in body, and beautifully constructed. Looks, personality, dependability....its all here. The Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series cigars have received multiple 90 ratings, as high as a 91-point rating, noting: ""a distinctively rich, tobacco aroma as it burns. It is balanced and complex with toast, coffee bean and nutty intonations.""",Mellow-Medium,"['Churchill', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Dominican,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Robusto, Toro",No,"Cameroon, Connecticut, Connecticut Broadleaf",Arturo Fuente
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,Rated 4.45 out of 5, Based on 78 Ratings ,"Gran Reserva goes sun-grown.Denoted by the black-trim band, the Sun Grown by Arturo Fuente combines the Gran Reserva's popular binder and filler tobaccos with a dark Ecuadorian-grown sun-grown wrapper leaf. This recipe cooks up a slight, natural sweetness complemented by a medium-bodied richness that's smooth and balanced. A consistent, well-made handmade from the Dominican Republic.​Arturo Fuente Sun Grown features a perfect draw, with a long, fruity finish. Each perfectly crafted cigar in this box also has a light cedar spice, from the cedar wrap placed on every individual stick.",Medium,"['Belicoso', 'Churchill', 'Figurado', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Dominican,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Belicoso, Churchill, Figurado, Robusto, Toro",No,Ecuador Sungrown,Arturo Fuente
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,Rated 4.34 out of 5, Based on 67 Ratings ,"This Don reigns supremeThe Don Carlos line from Arturo Fuente is among their very best. And when you make a cigar brand this amazing, that's really saying something. Utilizing some of the highest quality Cameroon leaf on the market, Don Carlos has been impressing aficionados for decades.The Fuente name, combined with top Cameroon wrappers and fine Dominican long-filler tobaccos make this well-aged cigar a highly sought after commodity. Each exquisitely rolled specimen delivers flavors of nuttiness, sweetness, earth, and a very smooth black pepper through the retrohale. Enjoy it on it's own, or pair this one up with your favorite single-malt — either way, you're going to enter complete bliss.Arturo Fuente Don Carlos received Top 25 honors for 2015 (#4 overall) and a well-deserved 94-rating, a 97-rating, and the #1 Cigar of the Year for 2017: ""Its wrapper-to-filler ratios resulted in a perfect combination of the Cameroon cover leaf’s sweet-and-sour properties along with the Dominican binder and filler, which gave the cigar a zesty, nutty quality full of shaved almonds and candied orange peel.""",Medium,"['Belicoso', 'Corona', 'Double Robusto', 'Presidente', 'Robusto']",Dominican,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Belicoso, Corona, Double Robusto, Presidente, Robusto",No,Cameroon,Arturo Fuente
Arturo Fuente God of Fire by Carlito,Rated 4.67 out of 5, Based on 9 Ratings ,"A rare treat for Fuente fans.God of Fire is made annually, in extremely limited quantities, making it a hard to come by super-premium. These choice cigars come in two blends: one by Carlito Fuente, the other by Don Carlos. Either way, you're in for a full-flavored treat.The Carlito blend is the more powerful of the two. Chock full of Dominican long-fillers, this handmade utilizes a toothy Cameroon wrapper to deliver a full-bodied, spicy smoke similar to the Casa Fuente brand.God of Fire by Carlito has received a well-deserved 90-point rating, noting: ""A mottled looking cigar that starts out with a firm draw, but it opens to show a balanced culmination of tea, cedar and leather notes. Medium bodied and flavorful.""Click here to shop God of Fire by Don Carlos.",Full,"['Churchill', 'Double Robusto', 'Pyramid']",,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Double Robusto, Pyramid",No,Cameroon,Arturo Fuente
Arturo Fuente God of Fire by Don Carlos,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 7 Ratings ,"A rare treat for Fuente fans.God of Fire is made annually, in extremely limited quantities, making it a hard to come by super-premium. These choice cigars come in two blends: one by Carlito Fuente, the other by Don Carlos. Either way, you're in for a full-flavored treat.The Don Carlos blend is similar to traditional Don Carlos cigars, but unique in flavor. Some believe this is due to the Ecuadorian-grown wrapper used, which is said to be the same wrapper used for the King B. Either way, the Don Carlos blend is complex, but smooth, offering a full-bodied, full-flavored profile.God of Fire by Don Carlos has received an impressive 93-point rating, noting: ""The draw is perfect, bathing the palate in a profoundly leathery, spicy smoke that is both balanced and complex. Nutty flavors precede the long finish.""Click here to shop God of Fire by Carlito.",Full,"['Robusto', 'Toro']",,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Robusto, Toro",No,Ecuador Habano,Arturo Fuente
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,Rated 4.71 out of 5, Based on 357 Ratings ,"The Original MasterpieceThere’s a time and a place for risk taking....like Vegas, for example. And then there’s a time and place where you just want a guaranteed outcome, like after a long, hard day of bringing home the bacon. When it comes to consistency, Arturo Fuente is just like winning the lottery every single day – consistent quality, consistent flavor, consistent construction. It’s the cigar equivalent of how your spot on the couch somehow manages to feel exactly the same no matter how many times you sit on it. Quite simply the Arturo Fuente cigars review all read the same way, “This cigar is great, its my favorite cigar in the world, buy now.”Need a little more info? Made with African Cameroon, Connecticut Shade, or Ecuador Sungrown wrappers, Arturo Fuente cigars are well-made, mellow to medium in body, and beautifully constructed. Looks, personality, dependability....if only they could cook your dinner, you wouldn’t need much else in this world. If you need a size recommendation, the Arturo Fuente 858 has been one of the best-selling options for years. Finally, after years of waiting, the Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva core line has received a 90-rating for the Maduro, noting: ""dark chocolate and licorice notes... it's balanced by a medium-bodied base of almonds and wood.""",,"['Churchill', 'Cigarillos', 'Corona', 'Lancero/Panatela', 'Lonsdale', 'Petite Corona', 'Presidente', 'Rothschild', 'Toro']",Dominican,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,Varies,,"Churchill, Cigarillos, Corona, Lancero/Panatela, Lonsdale, Petite Corona, Presidente, Rothschild, Toro",Varies,"Cameroon, Candela, Connecticut, Connecticut Broadleaf, Dominican, Ecuador Connecticut",Arturo Fuente
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,Rated 4.85 out of 5, Based on 158 Ratings ,"Four years in the making at Tabacalera A. Fuente.The Hemingway line of cigars is a tasty series of shapely handmades from Carlos Fuente including Arturo Fuente Hemingway Short Story. The Fuente family carefully ferments and ages tobaccos, specially selected from only the best crop years. This highly sought after cigar is handmade by only the most experienced cigar makers, each of whom are limited to only 75 cigars per day. The Arturo Fuente Hemingway is aged for six months to fully enhance the flavor and aroma in cedar lined ag​ing rooms.Lighting these up, you'll find a complex, medium-bodied flavor that the Fuente name is practically synonymous with. The dark and toothy wrapper leaf gives way to a flavor that's rich, toasty, and spicy. Each cigar delivers a wide range of expertly balanced notes, as they burn down to the cool nub. Incredibly rare and sought-after, we'd recommend grabbing a box posthaste. The Arturo Fuente Hemingway series has earned a 94-rating, calling it the #6 Cigar of 2018. One review noted, ""impeccably crafted... spicy and woody notes turn to sweet leather and cedar. Balanced and elegant, medium-bodied.""NOTE: The Arturo Fuente Hemingway line is an extremely limited release brand. We receive small shipments whenever we can, so if they're showing out of stock, check back often or sign up for notifications so you don't miss out when we get more! If they're in stock, our advice is to stock up!",,['Perfecto'],Dominican,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,Perfecto,No,"Cameroon, Connecticut Broadleaf, Ecuador Sungrown",Arturo Fuente
Ashton,Rated 4.71 out of 5, Based on 70 Ratings ,"The finest money can buy“Dependable” is one of those words that gets thrown around a lot in the cigar game, but what does it really mean? Well, to me it means that you know what you’re getting. Whether it’s three in the afternoon or three in the morning, whether there’s rain, snow, or sweltering heat, whether you just found out that your old baseball card is worth six figures or whether you just got your credit card statement after your wife’s little shopping spree, it will deliver the exact same performance. Dependability. It’s a quality that’s often taken for granted, and one that deserves much more credit than it’s given.Talk about Ashton cigars and within a couple of sentences, dependability is bound to come up. Made in the Dominican, they combine an aged blend of mellow Dominican tobacco leaves with a golden brown Connecticut shade wrapper. The result of this pairing is rich and smooth, with a mellow to medium body that boasts universal appeal. Well-made, good quality, satisfying, and yes, highly dependable – these are the things that Ashton is made of.Nice! Ashton has just received a 90-rating! Cigar Aficionado notes: ""The leather and citrus notes of this lonsdale become nutty before transitioning to a sweet nougat and marzipan finish.""Click here to shop Aston Cigars in an array of smaller sizes. ",Mellow,"['Belicoso', 'Churchill', 'Corona', 'Gordo', 'Lancero/Panatela', 'Lonsdale', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Dominican,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Belicoso, Churchill, Corona, Gordo, Lancero/Panatela, Lonsdale, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Connecticut,Ashton
Ashton Aged Maduro,Rated 4.59 out of 5, Based on 39 Ratings ,"A hard to find treat made by Fuente.The Ashton Aged Maduro is a dark, slightly sweet and almost black cigar which comes from the long process of naturally fermenting Connecticut broadleaf wrapper leaf, giving this cigar its flavor and smoothness. Unlike other maduros on the market, Ashton remains right at a comfortable mellow profile, making this perfect for those dipping their toes into the darker waters. Each Ashton Maduro features Dominican grown leaf for the filler and binder. The result is a beautiful cigar with oily, silky Connecticut Shade grown wrappers providing a complex and distinctive character with a chocolatey and spicy sweet flavor.Ashton Aged Maduro received a well-deserved 92-rating noting: ""A dark and oily cigar with a good cap. The draw is a bit firm. The smoke is rich, leathery and cedary, with notes of semi-sweet chocolate. Very tasty.""",Mellow-Medium,"['Churchill', 'Corona', 'Double Corona', 'Gordo', 'Presidente', 'Pyramid', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Dominican,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Corona, Double Corona, Gordo, Presidente, Pyramid, Robusto, Toro",No,Connecticut Broadleaf,Ashton
Ashton Cabinet Selection,Rated 4.61 out of 5, Based on 33 Ratings ,"Ashton's top-shelf, vintage beauty.When it comes to Ashton cigars, top-notch quality is a given. So what makes the Ashton Cabinet Selection special and worth the extra couple of shillings over the Ashton Classic line? I'm glad you asked. Ashton Cabinet Selection cigars utilize a 4-5 year aged blend of Dominican long-fillers adorned with a top-grade Connecticut shade wrapper leaf that's been aged for a full 12 months longer than the wrapper leaf on Ashton Classic. The result is a smooth, elegant profile that's crisp, clean and layered with notes of oak, cedar, pepper, cream, and coffee. Expensive, yes, but likely worth every penny. Ashton Cabinet Selection received a well-deserved 90-rating noting: ""Draped in a smooth, blond wrapper, this cigar draws and burns very well. Its woody, mellow flavors have light creamy undertones. The finish is toasty.""",Mellow-Medium,"['Belicoso', 'Churchill', 'Corona', 'Perfecto', 'Petite Corona', 'Pyramid', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Dominican,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Belicoso, Churchill, Corona, Perfecto, Petite Corona, Pyramid, Robusto, Toro",No,Connecticut,Ashton
Ashton ESG,Rated 4.52 out of 5, Based on 21 Ratings ,"ESG... Extra Special Good? Ashton ESG is one of the rarest cigars on the market, no doubt. But if you have the cash and you can get your hands on some, you're in for a truly memorable experience. Carefully crafted at the renowned Arturo Fuente factory, ESG (Estate Sun Grown) employs an extremely scarce Dominican Sun Grown wrapper - a dark and oily leaf that's grown within the Fuente Estate. Ashton's ESG is a perfectly rolled cigar, utilizing rare and well aged tobaccos to create a unique, full-bodied profile. Notes of leather, spices, nuts, earth and wood are perfectly balanced and delivered in remarkably smooth fashion. If you can only try one cigar in the Ashton profile, flip a coin between this and VSG. Each will treat you equally well.Ashton ESG 22-Yr Salute received a most impressive 94-point score noting: ""Marvelous notes of rich graham cracker and cracked black pepper concentrate with a creamy vibrancy in a consistent, precise draw. Buttery accents of sweet cedar segue into a seductive full-bodied finale.""",Full,"['Churchill', 'Perfecto', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Dominican,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Perfecto, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,"Dominican, Sun Grown",Ashton
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,Rated 4.63 out of 5, Based on 27 Ratings ,"Ashton's top of the line.Made by Fuente, Ashton Heritage is a unique cigar constructed entirely of sun-grown tobaccos (wrapper, binder, and filler), hence th​e name Puro Sol. These sun-grown leaves are rich in flavor and complexity, and the shiny Ecuador Habano wrapper is the icing on the cake. Ashton Heritage cigars deliver a rich, medium-bodied and well-balanced flavor profile with a touch of natural sweetness. Like all cigars in the Ashton profile, Puro Sol delivers extraordinarily in every category: flavor, balance, draw, and burn... they're all flawless. Get yourself a box today. In addition to being named one of the Top 25 Cigars in the world, number 7 to be exact, Ashton Heritage Puro Sol Received a well-deserved 94-point rating, noting: ""The cigars are rich and beautifully balanced, with notes of leather, coffee and a chocolate sweetness.""​",Medium,"['Belicoso', 'Churchill', 'Corona', 'Double Corona', 'Robusto']",Sungrown,Sungrown,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Belicoso, Churchill, Corona, Double Corona, Robusto",No,Ecuador Habano,Ashton
Ashton Small Cigars,Rated 4.62 out of 5, Based on 60 Ratings ,"The finest money can buy“Dependable” is one of those words that gets thrown around a lot in the cigar game, but what does it really mean? Well, to me it means that you know what you’re getting. Whether it’s three in the afternoon or three in the morning, whether there’s rain, snow, or sweltering heat, whether you just found out that your old baseball card is worth six figures or whether you just got your credit card statement after your wife’s little shopping spree, it will deliver the exact same performance. Dependability. It’s a quality that’s often taken for granted, and one that deserves much more credit than it’s given.Talk about Ashton cigars and within a couple of sentences, dependability is bound to come up. Made in the Dominican, they combine an aged blend of mellow Dominican tobacco leaves with a golden brown Connecticut shade wrapper. The result of this pairing is rich and smooth, with a mellow to medium body that boasts universal appeal. Well-made, good quality, satisfying, and yes, highly dependable – these are the things that Ashton is made of.Ashton offers an array of smaller formats to experience this exquisite blend for when a more concise, but equally savory experience is desired. Shop them all below.Click here to shop Ashton's more traditional, full sized cigars. ",Mellow,"['Cigarillos', 'Petite Corona']",Dominican,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Cigarillos, Petite Corona",No,"Cameroon, Connecticut, Connecticut Broadleaf",Ashton
Ashton Symmetry,Rated 4.69 out of 5, Based on 29 Ratings ,"Reunited and it feels so good!For years, cigar fans waited for Ashton and Arturo Fuente to collaborate again. And with Symmetry, it finally happened. Some things in life are worth waiting for, and we're happy to report that Ashton Symmetry is most certainly one of them. Ashton and Arturo Fuente have teamed up to create a scrumptious, medium-bodied morsel. Symmetry also serves as the first Ashton-branded cigar to contain Nicaraguan tobacco. A perfect Ecuadorian Habano wrapper that’s oily, smooth, and golden brown is accented by a Dominican binder and Dominican and Nicaraguan long-fillers. This well-proportioned blend offers notes of cinnamon, caramel, and a hint of white pepper on the finish. Naturally, it holds true to the smoothness and balance that Ashton is known for.Ashton Symmetry was named the #8 Cigar of 2015, AND the #6 Cigar of 2017, and received numerous well-deserved 94-ratings, noting: ""Both creativity and textbook precision integrate quite elegantly here, as notes of nougat, toast, chicory and nuts blossom on the palate and stay interesting down to the robusto’s last puff.""",Medium-Full,"['Belicoso', 'Churchill', 'Corona', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Dominican,"Dominican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,Yes,,"Belicoso, Churchill, Corona, Robusto, Toro",No,Ecuador Habano,Ashton
Ashton VSG,Rated 4.86 out of 5, Based on 49 Ratings ,"The 94-rated beast from Ashton cigars.Ashton VSG cigars are extremely well-made gems from the Dominican Republic that represent one of the cigar world's most prized non-Cuban cigars. The tobaccos used are exquisite, making each cigar within the line a homerun from start to finish. Taken from the tobacco plant's highest primings, the Ecuadorian sun grown wrapper offers a rich, reddish hue and spicy, chewy flavor. The 4-5 year old Dominican long-fillers are masterfully blended to promote a smooth, but eventful flavor that's hearty and robust. Together, these tobaccos combine to satisfy even the most achieved palates.In addition to an astounding 94-rating, Ashton VSG was also named one of the Top 25 Cigars of 2013. The review stated, ""Strong, oily, flavorful leaf that leaves an impression on the palate. It's one of the benchmark brands for Ashton... hearty flavor with a robust nuttiness and a caramel sweetness for balance.""",Full,"['Belicoso', 'Churchill', 'Corona', 'Gordo', 'Lonsdale', 'Perfecto', 'Presidente', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Dominican,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,Varies,,"Belicoso, Churchill, Corona, Gordo, Lonsdale, Perfecto, Presidente, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Sun Grown,Ashton
Asylum,Rated 4.5 out of 5, Based on 6 Ratings ,"Enter the Asylum ... and enjoy your stay.Don’t be fooled by the name. Asylum is far from a shark-jump into the uber-boutique realm of handmade cigars. The man behind the blends is Christian Eiroa, the mastermind and creator of the 94-rated Camacho. Christian has returned to his roots, with a shiny new factory and delicious, full-flavored tobaccos to play with. Enter the Asylum and savor the full-flavored goodness inside.Each Asylum cigar is medium in body and crafted using an aged blend of all Nicaraguan tobaccos. From the dark, toothy wrapper to the skillfully combined long-fillers within. This Nicaraguan puro hails from – you guessed it – Nicaraguan and booms with rich, medium to full-bodied nuances throughout the slow burn. Each cigar is rich and satisfying, with deep and chewy notes of black tobacco, coffee, and leather with a touch of spicy-sweet notes on the finish.Asylum has already caught the eye of critics earning a 91-rating noting: ""A full draw brings big flavor with this tiny cigar. Leather and coffee with hints of green apple make this smoke pleasingly tart and robust.""",Medium-Full,"['Corona', 'Gordo', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,"Corona, Gordo, Toro, Torpedo",No,"Habano, Nicaraguan",Asylum
Asylum 13,Rated 4.92 out of 5, Based on 50 Ratings ,"Asylum 13 cigars....good enough to drive you insane.Years ago, Christian Eiroa and his 94-rated Camacho family of brands conquered Honduras. Today, he's out to conquer Nicaragua. Enter the Asylum, a gorgeous, boutique lovely showcasing the very best Nicaragua has to offer, let alone the raw blending talents of Eiroa himself.Asylum 13 cigars are true Nicaraguan puros. A dark, Nicaraguan Habano wrapper cloaks a feisty combination of aged Cuban-seed long-fillers grown throughout the black, volcanic soils of Nicaragua. Upon igniting, one can expect a complex, medium to full-bodied array of flavorful, Nica-influenced goodness, along with a slow, cool burn letting you fully appreciate every last nuance. Earth, cocoa, espresso bean, black tobacco, sweet notes, and gentle spices. Indeed, Asylum 13 is eventful throughout, and a cigar you don't want to miss out on.",Medium-Full,"['Gordo', 'Lancero/Panatela', 'Robusto']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,"Gordo, Lancero/Panatela, Robusto",No,Habano,Asylum
Asylum 13 Authentic Corojo,Rated 4.5 out of 5, Based on 2 Ratings ,"Hello, Honduras.Asylum 13 Authentic Corojo takes a departure from the previous Asylum blend and ditches Nicaragua for Honduras. And it should come as no surprise – Christian Eiroa and family are well-known for their skilled use of the Honduran leaf, which is notoriously finicky and difficult to perfect. But on the Eiroa family farm in the Jamastran Valley in Honduras, the growers have managed to develop an exemplary product, which makes up the base for the newest addition to the Asylum family.This all-Honduran puro is legit....super legit. A corojo seed wrapper that’s free from vein or blemish is lain overtop a mix of Honduran long-fillers for a balanced, full-flavored experience from start to finish. A rich tobacco core is punctuated by notes of refreshing citrus for a taste that’s truly unique. Take your pick of five sizes, including a monstrous 6”x70 behemoth.",Full,"['Churchill', 'Gordo', 'Robusto']",Honduran,Honduran,False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,"Churchill, Gordo, Robusto",No,"Corojo, Honduran",Asylum
Asylum 13 Connecticut,Rated 4.5 out of 5, Based on 10 Ratings ,"Connecticut is running the asylumConnecticut wrapped cigars reign supreme in the cigar industry, and Asylum is throwing their hat into the ring with their latest release – Asylum 13 Connecticut. The brainchild of Christian Eiroa – of Camacho fame, and Tom Lazuka, Asylum cigars have built their reputation on full-bodied, big-ring beasts. This blend is a bit of a departure for the boutique brand – but rest assured, Asylum 13 Connecticut is not the tame run of the mill mild cigar - it’s got some serious huevos. Asylum 13 Connecticut is handcrafted at the El Aladino factory in Honduras and features a silky, golden Ecuadorian Connecticut wrapper hugging a blend of Honduran long-fillers. Mild to medium-bodied, Asylum 13 Connecticut boasts a feisty flavor profile and makes its presence known from the start. This cigar is the perfect change of pace blend for full-bodied fanatics and offers up a heartier experience for those who prefer a milder cigar.  Try Asylum 13 Connecticut and I’m confident you won’t look at a Connecticut wrapped cigar the same way again. ​",Mellow-Medium,"['Gordo', 'Robusto']",Honduran,Honduran,False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,"Gordo, Robusto",No,Ecuador Connecticut,Asylum
Asylum 13 Medulla Oblongata,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 3 Ratings ,"A Cigar for Your Cerebellum The brainchild of Christian Eiroa and Tom Lazaka has evolved into what can only be described as insanely good. Asylum 13 offers bold blends with abundant flavor and craftsmanship that is nothing short of perfection - and the newest creation will blow your mind.Medulla Oblongata is composed of Honduran wrapper, binder, and filler - making this little puro a medium to full-bodied taste sensation with notes of leather, earth, espresso, and spice. What makes this cigar so unique is how it’s packaged. Each box comes with a 50/50 split where half of the cigars are Medulla (round parejos) and half are Oblongata (box-pressed cigars) – a great way to experience the variations of these two formats. Order a box today and step into the Asylum for an experience you won’t find anywhere else.",,"['Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']","Corojo, Honduran",Honduran,False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,"Gordo, Robusto, Toro",No,"Corojo, Honduran",Asylum
Asylum 13 Medulla Oblongata Maduro,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 1 Rating ,"This is your brain on maduroAfter being one of the main minds behind the Camacho brand, it’d be hard to go anywhere but down in the industry. Luckily, Christian Eiroa has exceeded expectations, by starting his own boutique brand known as Asylum. Handcrafted in Honduras, each of these blends features abundant flavor with a level of craftsmanship that can’t be defined as anything other than perfection. Today, we’re staring down the barrel of the Maduro follow-up to the Medulla Oblongata, and it’s a most tasty treat indeed. Stepping up the cigar in terms of body and flavor, each one of these handmades booms out thick notes of black pepper, leather, espresso, and earth. Plus, each box features a 50/50 split of half round cigars and half box-pressed ones, allowing you to experience two uniquely nuanced versions of this showcase cigar. ",Medium-Full,"['Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']","Corojo, Honduran",Honduran,False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,"Gordo, Robusto, Toro",No,"Maduro, San Andres",Asylum
Asylum 13 Ogre,Rated 4.64 out of 5, Based on 33 Ratings ,"Get outta my swamp!Years ago, Christian Eiroa and his 94-rated Camacho family of brands conquered Honduras. Today, he's out to conquer Nicaragua. Enter the Asylum, a gorgeous, boutique lovely showcasing the very best Nicaragua has to offer, let alone the raw blending talents of Eiroa himself.Asylum 13 Ogre certainly is eye-catching. The first thing you’ll notice is the highly unique, Habano and Candela barber-pole wrapper. No chance of flying under the radar while enjoying this one. The second thing to catch your eye will probably be the massive sizes – other than the traditional 5""x50 robusto, this baby goes big and it ain’t messin’ around! The blend itself is a Nicaraguan puro, and is very similar to the original Asylum 13, with a complex, full-bodied array of flavors that are sure to satisfy. If you’ve been looking for something unique, then you’re in luck, because you just found it.",,"['Gordo', 'Lancero/Panatela', 'Robusto']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,"Honduras, Nicaragua",No,,"Gordo, Lancero/Panatela, Robusto",No,Habano,Asylum
Asylum 33,Rated 4 out of 5, Based on 1 Rating ,"Check in to this asylum.Asylum cigars takes a detour from their usual approach with their new release, Asylum 33. Brand owners Christian Eiroa, of Camacho fame, and Tom Lazuka are focusing this line extension towards small batch manufacturing and the inclusion of hard to find tobaccos. Asylum 33 hails from the El Aladino factory in Danli, Honduras. This cigar is a Honduran puro that uses aged, premium 7 year old tobaccos resulting in a medium to full-bodied blend. You can expect your palate to be carpet bombed with flavors of red pepper, baking spices, chocolate, espresso, cream, wood, and leather. This stick is a slow burner with complexity, balance, and displays a pleasing evolution of flavors. ​",Medium-Full,['Gordo'],Honduran,Honduran,False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,Gordo,No,Honduran,Asylum
Asylum Insidious,Rated 4.62 out of 5, Based on 29 Ratings ,"Insidious by Asylum.Insidious the horror movie may have made you cry like a little baby, but as luck would have it, Insidious by Asylum delivers quite the opposite effect. Tom Lazuka of Asylum Cigars created this blend to appeal to any cigar enthusiast, and each one features an uncharacteristically smooth profile and the first sweetened cap of any Asylum offering to date. This style of cigar was previously missing from the Asylum portfolio, so to please the masses, Insidious was born.Insidious utilizes the first Ecuadorian Connecticut wrapper leaf of any Asylum release. Smooth and creamy, this wrapper conceals Honduran long-fillers and a Honduran binder, all combined to produce a relaxing, mellow experience. Each of the five vitolas in the line boasts a price point less than five buckaroos, making this sweet snack both easy on the palate and easy on the wallet.",Mellow,"['Churchill', 'Corona', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",,Honduran,False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,"Churchill, Corona, Gordo, Robusto, Toro",Yes,Ecuador Connecticut,Asylum
Asylum Insidious Habano,Rated 4.75 out of 5, Based on 4 Ratings ,"Insidiously delicious.Asylum cigars come from the fertile minds of Tom Lazuka and Tom Baxter with some help along the way from Christian Eiroa. Asylum has been taking our industry by storm with their innovative and flavorful blends and edgy packaging.Asylum Insidious Habano comes dressed in a Habano wrapper atop a blend of Honduran long-fillers, and hails from the El Aladino factory in Honduras. This cigar boasts expert construction, a sweetened cap, and notes of spice, pepper, cream, and cocoa. Asylum Insidious Habano is medium to full-bodied and will provide an enjoyable experience whether you’re a longtime cigar fan or a newcomer. ​",Medium-Full,"['Churchill', 'Corona', 'Robusto', 'Short Robusto']",,Honduran,False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,"Churchill, Corona, Robusto, Short Robusto",Yes,Habano,Asylum
Asylum Insidious Maduro,Rated 4.55 out of 5, Based on 20 Ratings ,"The second Insidious, much darker than the first.The sweet capped, Insidious line by Asylum is in for another addition to the family. Riding high on the success of the Connecticut-shade, original Insidious line, the next offering comes to you sporting a Mexican San Andres wrapper leaf, and houses the same Honduran long-fillers and binder as the original. Equipped with a deliciously robust profile, Insidious Maduro boasts heady notes of cream, spice, and cocoa with a razor sharp burn. Sticking to a similar every day price-point, this offering is sure to sneak its way into regular rotations of sweet-cap fanatics overnight. ​",Medium,"['Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Honduran,Honduran,False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,"Gordo, Robusto, Toro",Yes,San Andres,Asylum
Asylum Nyctophilia,Rated 4.75 out of 5, Based on 4 Ratings ,"A Delicious Dose of DarknessThe minds behind Asylum Cigars are once again giving fans an escape from reality, and this time - they’re going dark. This Honduran handmade blend from Tom Lazuka and Christian Eiroa is a must-try for anyone who wants a full-bodied blend. Nyctophilia literally means to have a preference for the darkness, and that’s exactly what you’ll have once you sample the brand’s newest blend. Masked in a sable San Andres wrapper with top of the line Nicaraguan fillers at the core, Asylum Nyctophilia is a full-bodied cigar that’s sure to sway your allegiance to the dark forces that are maduro wrapped gems. Full-flavored with notes of black pepper, cocoa, and a touch of earth - Nyctophilia is a certified dose of flavor that should not be missed.",Medium-Full,"['Gordo', 'Robusto']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,"Gordo, Robusto",No,"Maduro, San Andres",Asylum
Asylum Straight Jacket,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 7 Ratings ,"""Which one of you nuts has got any guts??""The brainchild of Christian Eiroa and Tom Lazuka, Asylum Straight Jacket is not for the timid. This is their strongest blend to date, and boy, does it deliver on that promise. Rolled by hand at the El Aladino factory, Straight Jacket is the first limited edition blend from Asylum.Straight Jacket is an all-Nicaraguan puro with a smooth, chocolate-y brown wrapper. But even more impressive than the wrapper is this band. Featuring an edgy, illustrated straight jacket, it really sets the tone for the cigar. A dense, intensely flavored powerhouse that's 100% consistent from start to finish. Notes of earth, pepper, cocoa, and coffee gradually reveal themselves, but in a way that means business. In this instance....it's ok to go a little loco.Asylum Straight Jacket received a well-deserved 90-rating noting: ""Packed solid with tobacco, this Churchill has a firm draw but delivers plenty of sugary sweet notes that range from malted chocolate to toasted almonds. It's balanced by notes of black pepper and oak.""",Full,"['Churchill', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,"Churchill, Gordo, Robusto, Toro",No,Nicaraguan,Asylum
Avanti,Rated 4.59 out of 5, Based on 87 Ratings ,"Tasty little firecrackers!The word Avanti also means ""forward"" in Italian, and these cigars have been moving forward in the industry for decades. After setting out to make the best cigar they could, at the best prices they could afford, Avanti was born, in a variety of different finishes. Now listen, these cigars ain't winning any beauty contests. But that's cuz they're free-rolled, with no press, and inside you'll find 100% American tobaccos from Kentucky and Tennessee. They're loaded little firecrackers, with each puff delivering wave after wave of full, rustic flavor. Smoked with Hickory logs, Avanti cigars are truly an experience you can't get anywhere else, and are something any cigar enthusiast should try. Avanti is available in five flavors: Anisette, Estilo Cafe Mocha, Bourbon, Vanilla, and Licorice.Note: The Anisette box of 50 is 50 individual Cigars in a 4.5"" x 34 size. The Anisette pack of 50 is made up of 10 boxes of 5 cigars in a 4.2"" x 32 size. ",,['Cigarillos'],,United States,False,No,More Details,United States,Varies,,Cigarillos,Varies,Kentucky Fire-Cured,
Avanti Ramrod,Rated 4.7 out of 5, Based on 30 Ratings ,"Team Ramrod!The Avanti Ramrod is a Bourbon-blended cigar utilizing only the best tobaccos that Tennessee and Kentucky have to offer. First released back in the day, Ramrod continues on the path of edginess. The package may have undergone a makeover, but these little flavor bombs still pack the same bold punch.  Avanti Ramrod provides a distinct hearty smokiness joining forces with a pleasant aroma to create a great everyday, flavorful blend.",Medium,['Cigarillos'],,United States,True,No,More Details,United States,No,,Cigarillos,Yes,Maduro,
Ave Maria,Rated 4.54 out of 5, Based on 565 Ratings ,"The One that Started It AllThe original Ave Maria cigar is, quite simply, a masterpiece. Produced at AJ Fernandez’s factory in Nicaragua, this ultra-premium blend is a shining example of a worthwhile boutique cigar. From the stunning packaging to the immaculate performance, each Ave Maria scores a perfect 10/10 in any category you judge it on. On top of this gem sits a gorgeous, silky Ecuadorian Habano wrapper. Clip the foot and give way to a medium to full-bodied, balanced profile featuring notes of earth, light spice, nuttiness, and a crisp, tobacco core. And it’s not just cigar nuts that love this stick, it’s cigar makers themselves. Alan Rubin of Alec Bradley and Nimish Desai of Rocky Patel both declared Ave Maria a fantastic cigar. Get yours today. ",Medium-Full,"['Belicoso', 'Churchill', 'Corona', 'Gordo', 'Perfecto', 'Presidente', 'Robusto', 'Salomon', 'Toro']",,"Honduran, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,Varies,,"Belicoso, Churchill, Corona, Gordo, Perfecto, Presidente, Robusto, Salomon, Toro",No,Ecuador Habano,Ave Maria
Ave Maria Argentum,Rated 4.6 out of 5, Based on 194 Ratings ,"Witness Ave Maria’s dark side.The newest line from the best-selling Ave Maria, Argentum, is out to slay inferior cigars. Since Ave Maria first came on the scene praise has been universal, and we’ve had to put in overtime to make sure this delectable blend remained in stock. Brace yourself for Ave Maria Argentum, which puts the brand’s dark side front and center.Coming in a black, high gloss, handmade wooden box and arriving in the desired Morning Star vitola, Ave Maria Argentum makes its presence known from the start. Medium to full-bodied, this decadent beast comes dressed for battle in a dark and oily Connecticut Broadleaf wrapper. A peek under the armor reveals a luscious and hearty blend of Nicaraguan long-fillers setting the table for a flavorful feast at the round table. Flavors abound, including hearty and pleasing notes of dark chocolate, coffee, leather, cedar, with light spice playing in the background for the duration. Pick up the Ave Maria Argentum and join the fight against lesser blends. ​",Medium-Full,"['Double Robusto', 'Gordo', 'Perfecto', 'Robusto']",,"Honduran, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Double Robusto, Gordo, Perfecto, Robusto",No,Connecticut Broadleaf,Ave Maria
Ave Maria Dark Knight,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 3 Ratings ,"For a limited time, you'll receive FREE shipping on your entire order when you buy a box of Ave Maria Dark Knight!Dark Knight rising…AJ Fernandez is man that needs no introduction. Especially with how well-loved the Ave Maria blends are to CI Nation. So don’t look at me like I’m crazy when I say this may be the best of the bunch. Look, I’m no joker, man. I take this very seriously. This blend is damn tasty, my friends. This potent Nicaraguan puro could be the strongest Ave blend yet. Loaded with a hefty dose of well-aged, flavorful long-filler tobaccos, Dark Knight is cloaked inside a dark Nicaraguan maduro wrapper. Upon lighting, you get notes of spice and leather up front, that finishes with a smooth, rich dark chocolate note. A potent as it is, this beauty still finishes smooth and balanced. But what else would you expect from AJ?  ",Medium-Full,['Robusto'],Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,Robusto,No,"Habano, Maduro, Nicaraguan",Ave Maria
Ave Maria Divinia,Rated 4.54 out of 5, Based on 197 Ratings ,"A divine new blend for the Ave Maria arsenal.Divinia. Cigar making at its finest. Only by holding one in your hand will you truly appreciate the magnitude of what’s been accomplished. By now, it is no secret that the Ave portfolio is ripe with some of the most enticing blends on the planet. Now, with the release of Ave Maria Divinia, a new standard has been set.With this offering, a lush, Habano Sun Grown wrapper encases a bold, ultra-refined core of Cuban-seed long-fillers. A Cuban-esque flavor profile dominated by notes of black pepper, cocoa, coffee, earth, and nutty sweetness, is delivered in a silky medium to full-bodied profile. Simply incredible…and stunningly presented in individual coffins. ",Medium-Full,['Toro'],Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,Yes,,Toro,No,Sun Grown,Ave Maria
Ave Maria Immaculata,Rated 4.65 out of 5, Based on 233 Ratings ,"The ""Immaculata"" conceptionAnother instant hit from master cigar blender AJ Fernandez, a man whose portfolio of hits reads like the All Star Team of cigars....if such a thing existed. This is a kinder, gentler, mellower Ave Maria, and is well suited to most any taste preference. Only take this on if you’re in the market for delicious, smooth flavors from start to finish.Ave Maria Immaculata is awash in splendor. At hand, a golden brown and silky-smooth Ecuador Connecticut wrapper ensconces a well-aged blend of Cuban-seed Nicaraguan long-fillers for a taste that will satisfy your every whim. Mellow to medium in body, this high-end handmade caresses the palate gorgeously with notes of cream, cedar, white pepper, caramel, toasty tobacco, and a rich, aroma of baked bread. The taste of this masterpiece lingers long after your last puff.",Mellow-Medium,"['Belicoso', 'Churchill', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Belicoso, Churchill, Gordo, Robusto, Toro",No,Ecuador Connecticut,Ave Maria
Ave Maria Lionheart,Rated 4.83 out of 5, Based on 18 Ratings ,"A noble selection, fit for a king. We’re all on a crusade for reasonably-priced cigars that taste great and burn well, and sometimes this quest can seem Quixotic indeed. But one brand has always been a trusty squire in your joust with MSRPs, and that’s Ave Maria. Coming to you like a faithful steed from AJ Fernandez’s factory in Nicaragua, the Ave Maria Lionheart is always the perfect choice to lead your herf to delicious victory. Draped in a Sun-Grown wrapper is a lion’s share of Brazilian, Mexican, and Nicaraguan long-fillers secured by a Nicaraguan binder. Ave Maria’s blenders have traveled far and wide to exotic lands to gather the tobacco in this blend, and the result is nothing short of magnificent. Graceful, yet commanding, your palate will receive a royal feast of cedar, spice, coffee, and citrus notes, with a smooth finish. Grab a box today, because if you miss your chance you might have to launch a crusade to get more!",Full,"['Belicoso', 'Gordo', 'Robusto']",Nicaraguan,"Brazilian, Mexican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,False,,"Belicoso, Gordo, Robusto",False,Sun Grown,Ave Maria
Ave Maria Reconquista,Rated 4.81 out of 5, Based on 105 Ratings ,"An extraordinary achievementReconquista from Ave Maria is a thing of considerable beauty. Spectacular, inside and out. I would comfortably stack this against any medium to full-bodied blend available today....to say Reconquista will compare favorably is an understatement. Gorgeously packed in heavy, giant chests – inside each cigar is individually encased in cedar coffin boxes then laid neatly over a bed of tobacco leaves. As good as this looks, the real juice is unquestionably the blend itself. Reconquista is made in one size only: a stately 7”x54 Torpedo. This big, yet manageable, vitola optimizes the rich blend of aged tobaccos….a size perfectly tailored to the cigar’s formulation. The wrapper is a dark, toothy Habano Oscuro variety grown in Brazil: thick and oily, sodden with a feisty and voluptuous character. Its filler tobaccos combine rich, well-aged, Cuban-seed, Nicaraguan-grown leaves from Esteli, Condega, and Jalapa. The combination explodes with uniquely rich and dense, finely balanced, and smooth flavors. Hearty notes of espresso, pepper, oak, spices, tobacco, and cocoa lightly dust the palate, leading to a toasty-sweet finish. ",Full,['Torpedo'],Honduran,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,Torpedo,No,"Brazilian, Habano Oscuro",Ave Maria
AVO 30 Years - AVO LE05,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 2 Ratings ,"A legend, returnedTo celebrate the AVO brand’s 30th birthday, AVO has decided to rerelease many of their best limited edition cigars for the past thirty years, with a special 30th Anniversary secondary band. Today, we’re staring down the barrel of one of AVO’s most popular cigars ever: the LE ’05. Released in just 1,500 boxes of 20, mark my words now – this cigar is going to sell out, and there’s no telling if or when we’ll see a rerelease of this blend again. The original blend is back in action — the AVO 30 Years LE ’05 utilizes an Ecuadorian wrapper leaf overtop a Dominican binder and Dominican long-fillers. It’s a medium to full-bodied profile that has been called, by many AVO fans, the best AVO limited edition release ever. Toasting this extremely rare cigar, you’re going to find a rich and spicy flavor, balanced by a unique toasty core of tobacco sweetness.",Medium,['Robusto'],Dominican,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,Robusto,No,Ecuador Connecticut,AVO
AVO 30 Years LE - AVO Signature,Rated 3 out of 5, Based on 2 Ratings ,"The return of the champAVO Signature – named after the famous musician himself, the Signature was the personal blend of Avo Uvezian. This cigar was a mainstay in the AVO line for years, before going the way of the Dodo bird… but now, in celebration of the AVO brand’s big 3-0, the Signature line has been brought back in limited edition boxes of 10 with an eye towards modern aesthetics. Those familiar with AVO blends will find few surprises, on paper, in the Signature — AVO Signature uses an Ecuadorian Habano wrapper leaf overtop a Dominican binder and long-fillers. But the profile may surprise you: each puff of the AVO Signature delivers rich, satisfying woody flavors with oak and nuttiness to boot. It’s a cigar that can easily be burnt any time of day. The only catch? Only 1,500 boxes were made, so if you want to jump aboard the ship, do so now before she departs.",Medium,"['Belicoso', 'Double Corona', 'Robusto']",Dominican,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Belicoso, Double Corona, Robusto",No,Ecuador Connecticut,AVO
AVO 30 Years LE AVO 22,Rated 5 out of 5,,"30 Years at the top2018 was a big year for Davidoff cigars. Not only did they celebrate the 50th anniversary of the Davidoff brand, but they also celebrated the 30th anniversary of AVO cigars, a brand that they produce and distribute. For the AVO brand, they celebrated by re-releasing some old limited edition blends that have disappeared from the market with new 30 Years secondary bands. The AVO 22 30 Years blend is probably one of the best in the lineup. Originally released in 2002, AVO 22 was a special cigar for Avo Uvezian, founder of AVO cigars, who was born on March 22nd and also arrived in the US for the first time on the 22nd. The blend is the same delicious concoction as the original – a golden brown Ecuadorian sun grown wrapper over a Dominican binder and four different varieties of Dominican long-filler. It’s a pleasant mellow to medium-bodied cigar with notes of sweet cedar, bread, pepper, and earth. Only 3,200 of the beautiful upright canisters of 19 were produced, grab one while you still can. ",Mellow-Medium,['Double Robusto'],Dominican,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,Double Robusto,No,Ecuador Connecticut,AVO
AVO 30 Years Maduro,Rated 4 out of 5, Based on 1 Rating ,"Maduro makes a comebackThe AVO Improvisation series is a highly anticipated release every year. They take tobaccos from some of their current blends, then tweak and repackage them to create limited edition releases. This year’s Improvisation Series is a special one. Not only did they put out a new Improvisation blend, AVO Improvisation 30 Years No. 3, but they are celebrating the brands 30th birthday by also putting out a limited release of some previously discontinued blends. AVO Maduro 30 Years is one of them. AVO Maduro 30 Years returns in its four original sizes with only 600 boxes of each produced. It uses the exact same 90-rated blend we enjoyed in the past. A Connecticut Broadleaf wrapper is applied on top a Dominican binder and core of Dominican long-fillers. It’s medium to full in body with a rich, sweet, and creamy flavor profile. If you were a fan of AVO Maduro a few years back, I suggest you claim a box of these now, they won’t last long. ",Medium-Full,"['Pyramid', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Dominican,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Pyramid, Robusto, Toro",No,Connecticut Broadleaf,AVO
AVO Classic,Rated 4.74 out of 5, Based on 73 Ratings ,"AVO cigars are one of the most prestigious brands on the market.AVO cigars are the result of a collaboration between Hendrik Kelner, Avo Uvezian and Davidoff. Avo Uvezian is a composer, perhaps best known for penning Sinatra’s ""Strangers in the Night."" Together with Kelner’s cigar making skills and Davidoff’s reputation, Uvezian’s quest for perfection in a cigar has resulted in this one terrific blend. In fact, more than 2 million of these super-premium sticks are sold annually. The AVO Classic cigar is a beautifully constructed piece from the very finest premium leaves, including a silky Connecticut shade wrapper and Dominican long-filler leaves. The result is a creamy, smooth taste and wonderful aroma.  Secure yourself a box of these today, and rest assured you've always got a great blend to rely on. AVO Classic has earned a 90-rating, noting: ""There's a sweet tea quality to this cigar... complemented by a graham cracker note... picks up some intensity as it goes.""",Mellow-Medium,"['Churchill', 'Gordo', 'Pyramid', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Gordo, Pyramid, Robusto, Toro",No,Connecticut,AVO
AVO Domaine,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 8 Ratings ,"The Domaine series from AVO is a beauty.AVO Domaine offers the same consistent quality from the Davidoff factory, rolled with dark Sun-grown Connecticut wrappers from Ecuador, Dominican long-fillers and binder. But the kicker is a fuller, more robust flavor than the regular line that’s potent but not overwhelming. With a smooth and effortless draw. Lighting up the AVO Domaine, you'll find flavors of soft spices and an earthy core. It's a complex blend that stays interesting down to the nub. If you haven't tried AVO yet, Domaine offers the perfect chance to get on board. AVO Domaine received a well-earned 91-rating, noting: ""Earthy and well balanced. There are notes of orange peel and cumin... rich, smooth and elegant.""",Medium-Full,"['Cigarillos', 'Robusto', 'Salomon', 'Toro']",,,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Cigarillos, Robusto, Salomon, Toro",No,Sun Grown,AVO
AVO Heritage,Rated 4.55 out of 5, Based on 49 Ratings ,"Introducing, AVO Heritage Series.The Heritage Series of AVO is a remarkable, medium to full-bodied blend that pays homage to the farmers, blenders, and rollers responsible for making AVO one of the industry's premier, super-premium brands. The AVO series holds a remarkable amount of esteem in this industry, and the 90-rated Heritage is one of the best cigars they make... and certainly the fullest-bodied!Avo Uvezian worked side by side with cigar-making legend Hendrik 'Henke' Kelner to select the finest Cuban-seed, Ecuadorian sun-grown wrappers attainable, and combine a robust mixture of Cuban-seed Dominican long-fillers inside. The result is a satisfying series of rich, complex flavors delivered in smooth, balanced fashion. The core is creamy with notes of toast and cocoa, and a touch of sweet cedar and subtle spices on the finish.AVO Heritage Series was awarded a 90-point rating, noting: ""A very dark and oily cigar that smokes evenly. It starts out a bit papery but warms to show a woody, leathery character and apple-like sweetness.""​",Full,"['Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",,,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Gordo, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Ecuador Habano,AVO
AVO Improvisation 30 Years No. 3,Rated 4.74 out of 5,,"30 years of AVONow 3 decades into this industry, AVO Cigars are a name to be reckoned with. The Davidoff owned brand is known for their musically inspired, top-shelf blends, with smooth Dominican profiles. The Improvisation Series was first introduced in 2015 and puts out limited edition releases utilizing tobaccos from previous AVO cigars and incorporates them into a whole new blend. AVO Improvisation 30 Years No. 3 is the 6th installment in the series and uses tobaccos from the AVO Classic blend, the oldest blend in this brands portfolio.The wrapper leaf applied on top is a golden brown Ecuadorian Marron wrapper. The blend tucked underneath uses the same Dominican binder and long fillers from the ever popular AVO Classic line. The result is a smooth medium bodied profile with an array of complex flavors. We get notes of cedar, earth, nuts, and a little bit sweet vanilla on the back half. Only 2,400 boxes were produced and we’re expecting a swift sellout. Jump on this high-end release while it’s still available. ",Medium,['Churchill'],Dominican,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,Churchill,No,Ecuador Habano,AVO
AVO Improvisation LE19,Rated 3 out of 5,,"Break the mold.If you know luxury, you know AVO, the brand inspired by famed jazz artist Avo Uvezian and crafted by the illustrious luxury cigar maker Davidoff in the Dominican Republic. The LE19 is the seventh installment in the Improvisation series, and honors AVOs legacy of breaking the mold to create innovative & never-seen-before blends and packaging. For this release, AVO utilized a beautifully dark Ecuadorian wrapper overtop a Dominican binder, concealing five different tobacco leaf fillers from the Dominican and Peru. Creamy, spicy notes are at the forefront of this medium-full bodied blend, along with earth and cedar that will excite the palate and keep you coming back for more. The cigars are packed in boxes that represent a cigar mold, and feature a striking box-press that feels great in the hand. These are exclusive to the US market, but a limited quantity were made and when they’re gone, they’re gone. Rarely does a cigar harmonize this well on your palate, so be quick and don’t miss a beat!",Medium,['Toro'],Dominican,Dominican,False,,More Details,Dominican Republic,True,,Toro,False,Ecuador Habano,AVO
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,Rated 4.48 out of 5, Based on 61 Ratings ,"AVO goes flat and hits a high note.AVO cigars are the brainchild of composer Avo Uvezian and the master blender of Davidoff cigars, Henke Kelner. Usually known for their mellow to medium-bodied Dominican flavor profile, AVO cigars​​ have embarked on a new journey with the Avo Syncro, seeking to incorporate the diverse flavors from tobaccos sourced from Nicaragua, Peru, and the Dominican Republic.AVO Syncro Nicaragua is AVO​’s first box-pressed cigar, and the first in its portfolio to use nutrient-rich tobacco from the revered black volcanic soils of Ometepe, Nicaragua. Coming dressed in a gorgeous, oily, dark, Ecuador Connecticut wrapper concealing a Dominican binder and Nicaraguan, Dominican, and Peruvian Olancho long-fillers, AVO Syncro Nicaragua makes its presence known immediately.Medium to full-bodied, and with spot-on construction, expect a flavorful kick of spice and pepper before the cigar settles into notes of cream, leather, and cedar. Complex and boasting wonderful balance that AVO consistently delivers, Syncro will have you chomping at the bit for another go 'round.AVO Syncro Nicaragua received Top 25 honors for 2015 and a welll-deserved 93-rating noting: ""blocky dimensions and smart blending allow each tobacco to express itself, showing notes of leather, minerals and a dried apricot sweetness.""NOTE: The AVO Syncro Nicaragua LE 30 Years Box-pressed Toro features the same blend with limited edition packaging, celebrating 30 years of excellence for AVO cigars. ​",Medium-Full,"['Cigarillos', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Short Robusto', 'Toro']",Dominican,"Dominican, Nicaraguan, Peruvian",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,Varies,,"Cigarillos, Gordo, Robusto, Short Robusto, Toro",Varies,Ecuador Connecticut,AVO
AVO Syncro Nicaragua Fogata,Rated 4.63 out of 5, Based on 8 Ratings ,"Hey, Fogata-bout it!If I'm spending top dollar on a cigar, I need to know it's amazing. I'll roll the dice on a bundled blend, but when we're talking ultra-premiums, I'm way too thrifty to gamble with my cigars. That's why I love new releases from Avo Uvezian and Henke Kelner. The men behind numerous Top 25 and 90+ rated cigars are back with another fantastic release, and based on the samples I went through, this may be one of my favorites ever.AVO Syncro Nicaragua Fogata cigars are a follow-up project to last year's 93-rated AVO Syncro Nicaragua. That box-pressed blend was the first AVO release to feature Nicaraguan leaf, and this one has even more. At the risk of being hokey: if it ain't broke, don't fix it! That typical Davidoff floral, grassy aroma was strong on the Ecuadorian Habano 2000 wrapper. After a quick clip and light, you'll find wood, leather, cinnamon, and a slightly sweet finish. In all, Syncro Nicaragua Fogata is a fantastic release that reminds me why I love AVO: Loads of flavor, high quality control, and a refreshing consistency from box to box. ​Note: The AVO Syncro Nicaragua Fogata LE 30 Years Toro vitola features the same great blend but comes in limited edition packaging, celebrating 30 years of excellence from AVO cigars. ",Medium-Full,"['Cigarillos', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Mexican,"Dominican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,Yes,,"Cigarillos, Gordo, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Habana 2000,AVO
AVO Syncro South America Ritmo,Rated 4.29 out of 5, Based on 17 Ratings ,"Git me mo’ ritmoFor the third cigar in their now-famous Syncro series, Avo wanted to do something a bit different. The first two entries in this esteemed line, the 93-rated Syncro Nicaragua and the sweet and spicy Nicaragua Fogata both featured… you guessed it, Nicaraguan tobaccos. With Ritmo, Avo flexes their blending muscles — tobaccos from seven different countries make up this intricate and complex handmade. Produced in the Dominican Republic, this stick has tobaccos from practically every cigar country featured inside. The filler blend is an astounding five ingredient cocktail of Nicaraguan, Peruvian, Brazilian, Honduran, and Dominican tobaccos. Add on the Ecuadorian wrapper and Mexican binder, and it’s clear why they named this cigar after a continent, not a country! The flavor here is a mixture of sweet coffee, roasted nuts, charred oak, and slight chocolate in a medium to full-bodied experience you’ll savor time and time again. Syncro is quickly becoming Avo’s best line of sticks, in my not-so-humble opinion, and South America Ritmo is one more notch on their belt of W’s. NOTE: The AVO Syncro Ritmo LE 30 Years Toro vitola features the same great blend but comes in limited edition packaging, celebrating 30 years of excellence for AVO cigars. ",Medium-Full,"['Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Mexican,"Brazilian, Honduran, Nicaraguan, Peruvian",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,Varies,,"Gordo, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",Varies,Ecuador Habano,AVO
AVO Unexpected Series,Rated 4.48 out of 5,,"A masterpiece series that lives up to the name!As a former Jazz musician, Avo Uvezian has mirrored his finesse with music into each cigar he's ever created, making each their own work of art. From AVO Synchro to Avo Classic, Avo has created a unique experience for his customers, emerging them into different cultures. His most recent line, The Unexpected Series, showcases Avo's improvisation skills, as he has taken the line and created four different blends, each with it's own standout ingredient or process. While not much is known about the blends, we are privy enough to know the uniqueness of each and of course, we are sharing each with you.Unexpected Celebration - The yellow banded cigar was rolled with Dominican binder and fillers, wrapped in an Ecuadorian leaf and then aged 6 years.Unexpected Tradition - The green banded cigar has a blend that incorporates Peruvian tobacco. Unexpected Moment - The blue banded cigar was created using highly aromatic tobacco all grown at the same Dominican Republic farm.Expect the unexpected with these cigars. Journey into the unknown with AVO's newest line and immerse yourself into your own unique experience. We can't wait to hear all about it!",,['Toro'],Dominican,Dominican,False,,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,Toro,No,"Dominican, Ecuador Connecticut",AVO
AVO XO,Rated 4.56 out of 5, Based on 62 Ratings ,"Top of the line from AVO.The XO series from AVO is the cream of the crop from this factory - a factory already known for such legendary brands as Davidoff, the Griffin’s, and the regular AVO line. AVO XO is a masterpiece from the AVO brand, featuring tobaccos that are aged at least six years in each and every stick. Remarkably smooth, yet surprisingly complex, XO is a treat that you should indulge in whenever you can. Starting this party off, you'll find a Connecticut-seed Sun Grown Ecuadorian wrapper leaf that's incredibly smooth — almost no veins are visible on these flawless specimens. Underneath, Dominican binder and long-fillers support a medium-bodied profile with notes of cream, wood, spice, and dried fruits. It's a masterclass in blending, and you should certainly be dipping into these as quickly as you can.",Medium,"['Churchill', 'Corona', 'Lancero/Panatela', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",,,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Corona, Lancero/Panatela, Robusto, Toro",No,Ecuador Connecticut,AVO
Baccarat,Rated 4.63 out of 5, Based on 757 Ratings ,"Always a safe betI’ve never had Lady Luck on my side when it comes to playing cards, but at least I know that in the cigar world I can count on a ‘W’ when I go for a few rounds of Baccarat. One of our best-selling Connecticut-wrapped offerings, Baccarat is an extraordinary experience for the money. But don’t just take my word for it – over 600 members of CI Nation have given this handmade a well-deserved 4.5 out of 5 rating. The secret? Havana-seed Honduran long-fillers. Meld those together with a beautiful Mexican binder and you’ve got a recipe for success – a slightly sweet, coffee taste comes through on each puff, staying cool to the end. Baccarat comes in both Connecticut and Maduro wrapper varieties, but whichever one you go for, you’re going to come out on top.NOTE: Baccarat Candela returns after a nearly 5-year hiatus. This unique variation of the legendary, top-selling Baccarat line adds an interesting, but delicious twist to a mellow, slightly sweet iconic blend. Limited to only 700 total boxes, this annual release will be gone as quickly as it came. ",Mellow,"['Belicoso', 'Churchill', 'Cigarillos', 'Double Corona', 'Gordo', 'Lancero/Panatela', 'Lonsdale', 'Petite Corona', 'Presidente', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Mexican,Honduran,False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,"Belicoso, Churchill, Cigarillos, Double Corona, Gordo, Lancero/Panatela, Lonsdale, Petite Corona, Presidente, Robusto, Toro",Yes,"Candela, Connecticut, Connecticut Broadleaf, Maduro",Baccarat
Baccarat Candela,Rated 4.63 out of 5, Based on 35 Ratings ,"The bestselling Baccarat goes green!Baccarat has built a solid reputation for being one of the world’s highest quality mellow-bodied cigars with a slightly sweet twist. Baccarats are fantastic, and are great for someone looking for the perfect morning smoke or a little change of pace. But today we shine the spotlight on Baccarat Candela which returns after nearly a 5-year hiatus. The Baccarat Candela version combines the rich, mellow earthiness of aged-premium Honduran tobaccos with the unique subtleties of a candela leaf. Add in the trademark naturally sweet pectin used to create the traditional Baccarat blend and you have yourself an interesting new mellow-bodied handmade. Rich, earthy, slightly peppery and pleasantly sweet, the Baccarat Candela is limited to only 700 boxes total, I suggest you pick up this annual release before they’re gone. ",Mellow,"['Churchill', 'Robusto']",Mexican,Honduran,False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,"Churchill, Robusto",Yes,"Candela, Connecticut",Baccarat
Baccarat Nicaragua,Rated 4.4 out of 5, Based on 5 Ratings ,"Are you game?Just like a Las Vegas card shark on a winning streak, Baccarat cigars are the always-satisfying best-selling cigar in their class and price range, with unmatched quality and a delectable slightly-sweet flavor. Their classic Connecticut-wrapped cigar is already one of the most popular in the US, but now they’re pulling out a card hidden up their sleeve and upping the ante with the Baccarat Nicaragua. Coming wrapped in a sultry Habano wrapper and featuring a Sumatra binder over Nicaraguan fillers, the toasty and slightly sweet leather and cedar flavors are always a safe bet. This medium-bodied blend will win the hand every time, and you’ll be taking home the pot. With a buy-in this low, you don’t need to hesitate to step up to the table and lay your cards down.",Medium,"['Churchill', 'Double Corona', 'Petite Corona', 'Presidente', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Sumatra,Nicaraguan,False,False,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Double Corona, Petite Corona, Presidente, Robusto, Toro",No,Habano,Baccarat
Backwoods Cigars,Rated 4.5 out of 5, Based on 431 Ratings ,"Relish in the famous taste of Backwoods Cigars for all cigar fans to take pride in. Browse through our selection and choose your favorite Backwoods flavors. Pick up a box of Backwoods in a variety of flavors like Black and Sweet, Honey, Honey Berry, Sweet Aromatic and Backwoods Original Cigars here at Cigars International. The Backwoods Cigarillos line includes:Original: smooth, easy on the palate, and full of complex flavor Sweet Aromatic: mellow and smooth with a fragrant scent and distinct tasteHoney: golden honey sweetens up the natural tobaccos of this classicBlack N’ Sweet Aromatic: dark, short, and tasty – a lusciously fragrant classic cigarHoney Bourbon: delightful sweetness mixes with a smooth kick of the best Kentucky bourbonDark Stout: creamy, dark flavors of stout beer pair with smooth tobaccosRussian Cream: uniquely aromatic and satisfying with smooth flavor of vodka, coffee liqueur, cream, and dark coffee Honey Berry: Flavors of fresh berries are perfectly complimented by a touch of golden honey",Mellow,['Cigarillos'],,Dominican,True,No,More Details,United States,No,,Cigarillos,Varies,"Connecticut Broadleaf, Indonesian",
Bahia B-Line,Rated 3.88 out of 5, Based on 100 Ratings ,"Bahia's backyard burner!Amazingly, the original Bahia B-Line received a ‘90’ rating – an exquisite value cigar that’s perfect for everyday enjoyment. Simply a well-made sandwich cigar with mixed filler leaves from other Bahia blends, covered by a nice-looking Indonesian wrapper leaf. The blend is medium in body with some spice and earth. There’s a tendency to burn a little hot if you puff too fast, but take your time, and this sipper won’t disappoint. Save them for the backyard and bbq crowd, and I guarantee you’ll be seeing smiles from ear to ear. Thankfully, my insane-in-the-membrane prices – as low as $40 in a box – get your humidor stocked to the brim while keeping the wallet fat and happy. ",Medium,"['Belicoso', 'Robusto', 'Rothschild']",Habano,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,Yes,,"Belicoso, Robusto, Rothschild",No,Indonesian,Bahia
Bahia Blu,Rated 4.11 out of 5, Based on 531 Ratings ,"Don’t be blue, get BahiaMan, I love my job. Not only do I get to chug beer and burn cigars all day long, I also get to deliver unfathomable deals to CI Nation day in and day out. One of my personal favorites? Bahia Blu, a superstar entry in the anthology of competition crushing deals. Yes, truly a champion of the bundled cigar world, Bahia Blu represents entry #12,743 in the CI handbook of MSRP destroying insanity. Bahia Blu is a medium-bodied handmade from Nicaragua that’s priced to move every day. Dressed in a fairly attractive Corojo wrapper that’s smooth and glistening, you’ll find 5 to 6-year-old Nicaraguan long-fillers grown in Esteli, Jalapa, and Leon. The end result is a rich and toasty flavor with a sweet, cedary core and a crisp, lingering aftertaste. But the best attribute by far? The crazy low price. ",Mellow-Medium,"['Churchill', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Churchill, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Corojo,Bahia
Bahia Brazil,Rated 4.26 out of 5, Based on 283 Ratings ,"Bahia’s fourth winnerBahia has long been among the best-selling bundles in our lineup, and for great reason. The extreme combination of value to flavor is unparalleled by any other brand in the biz, and with Bahia Brazil, the folks behind Bahia add one more thoroughbred, affordable gem to their stable.Ah, Brazil! Country of all things musical and Carnavale. And now, Brazil can add a new trophy to its case – in addition to being the bikini capital of the world, it’s also home to my new favorite Bahia cigar! Starting off with Nicaraguan long-fillers, these tobaccos are finished with a fine Brazilian maduro wrapper. Easily the richest of the Bahia bundled products, you’ll find notes of dark chocolate, earth, and spice. Get aboard this Bahia Brazil today, and never look back. ",Medium-Full,"['Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Gordo, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,"Brazilian, Maduro",Bahia
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,Rated 4.16 out of 5, Based on 186 Ratings ,"A Deluxe blend at a value priceStarting under $1.50 per stick, how could you go wrong? Well, there are a few ways you could, but luckily with Bahia Connecticut Deluxe, that isn’t the case. Here, Bahia delivers in spades. At hand, boxes of 40 ‘Cuban sandwich’ style, Ecuador-grown Connecticut wrapped stogies that are equipped with all the quality and flavor you would expect from blends boasting price tags five times steeper. Fancy bands and boxes were bypassed with the main focus being to deliver an affordable, tasty blend that you will be able to partake in every day. Enjoyable notes of cream, cedar, and a slight spice entertain the palate while you are knee deep in that honey-do day. But whether you are kickin’ around a cigar while doing some yard work, or enjoying it with a cocktail as the day is winding down, at these tasty prices, you simply can’t go wrong. ",Mellow,"['Churchill', 'Robusto', 'Torpedo']",,,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Robusto, Torpedo",No,Ecuador Connecticut,Bahia
Bahia Gold,Rated 4.5 out of 5, Based on 14 Ratings ,"The gold standard of Bahia.Bahia has been churning out delectable handmades for years, but none have withstood the test of time like the brand’s flagship, Bahia Gold. A full-bodied, full-flavored handmade, Gold has been the veritable poster-child of Bahia, proving time and time again to be one of the most impressive and well-rounded blends in its portfolio.Using the same recipe as the original Costa Rican versions blended by Don Douglas way back in the 1980's, and hand-crafted in small, yearly allotments, Gold is a complex and impressive box-pressed creation. No doubt a full-bodied offering, Bahia Gold is enticingly smooth. Puff after puff reveals notes of leather, espresso, and a touch of spice behind a bold toasty tobacco core. A well-balanced offering, Bahia Gold sets the bar, and sets it high.",Full,"['Robusto', 'Rothschild', 'Torpedo']",Pennsylvania Broadleaf,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,Yes,,"Robusto, Rothschild, Torpedo",No,Ecuador Sumatra,Bahia
Bahia Gold Maduro,Rated 3.75 out of 5, Based on 8 Ratings ,"Gold goes dark.It's not easy living in the shadow of a 91-rated sibling, but luckily the Bahia Gold Maduro embraces the expectations, to deliver a highly worthy follow-up to the esteemed Bahia Gold. Bringing big-league flavors and complexity to the plate, the Bahia Gold Maduro is another home-run. Utilizing the original recipe crafted by Don Douglas in the 1980's Costa Rican factory, Bahia Gold Maduro is a treat for the senses. Up front, spicy-sweet notes coat the palate, as layers of cedar, coffee, tobacco, and a toasty finish soon follow suit. Remaining exceptionally smooth and delightful throughout, the Bahia Gold Maduro is a welcomed full-bodied contender in the Bahia Gold line. ",Full,"['Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Sumatra,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,Yes,,"Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Connecticut Broadleaf,Bahia
Bahia Maduro,Rated 4.4 out of 5, Based on 521 Ratings ,"Bahia delivers while the CI Hit Squad empties both barrels in its ongoing War on High Price.Bahia Maduro is Exhibit #19,650, delivering tasty handmades at prices that can best be described as recklessly low. Bahia Maduro is the one that put Bahia on the map some years ago: an all Nicaraguan-blend of aged Cuban-seed tobaccos secured in a 3-year old Habano binder from Nicaragua and cloaked in a dark and oily Connecticut Broadleaf wrapper. Expect thick plumes of heavy flavor as this medium-bodied Bahia dishes out a rich tobacco core complemented by notes of coffee bean and earth. Price seals the deal: 20 handmades, heavily discounted. Your choice of three chunky sizes. ",Medium,"['Churchill', 'Robusto', 'Torpedo']",Habano,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Churchill, Robusto, Torpedo",No,Connecticut Broadleaf,Bahia
Bahia Trinidad,Rated 4.24 out of 5, Based on 119 Ratings ,"CI S-CHIP Buster #2,481.One could view Bahia Trinidad as not merely a cigar but an indispensable weapon in the war on high cigar prices. Oh yes, that just happened. CI prices on this nice little handmade will transport you to a time when, pre-SCHIP taxes, there was a quaint notion of cigars actually being affordable. Well, click the heels of your ruby slippers gents because we’re back in Kansas and these cigars are practically chump change! Here’s a Nicaraguan puro crafted with a dark and oily Nicaraguan Criollo wrapper cultivated 2 years ago, optimally fermented and then tucked away for a cedar-nap ever since. Combined with this wrapper is a blend of 4-year-old Nicaraguan long-leaf tobaccos grown from Cuban seeds in Esteli and Condega. The end result is an aromatic, medium-bodied mix with mingling notes of cedar, cinnamon, and sweet tobacco flavors. Actually the real end result is a toothy grin on your haggard face after you realize all this cost you peanuts.",Medium,"['Churchill', 'Robusto', 'Torpedo']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Churchill, Robusto, Torpedo",No,Criollo,Bahia
Balmoral Anejo XO,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 2 Ratings ,"Perfect boutiques from San PedroBalmoral cigars may be new on the scene, but they were born from a ton of experience. The creation of Royal Agio’s 4th generation CEO, it’s safe to say that these cigars come from a long and storied history of working with premium tobaccos. Handrolled in their boutique factory, San Pedro de Macoris in the Dominican Republic, every Balmoral cigar promises to offer a unique and balanced profile unlike anything you’ve experienced before. For the Balmoral Anejo XO, they’ve selected a sun-grown Brazilian Arapiraca wrapped leaf aged for an average of 10 years. Underneath the wrapper, you’ll find a Dominican Olor binder along with Dominican and Nicaraguan long-fillers and an exclusive Stalk-Cut Brazilian Mata Norte leaf. The results are delicious, delivering complex notes of cedar, cocoa and spice with a smooth and sweet finish.",,"['Corona', 'Lancero', 'Robusto', 'Short Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Dominican,"Brazilian, Dominican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,Varies,,"Corona, Lancero, Robusto, Short Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",Varies,Brazilian,Royal Agio Cigars
Balmoral Anejo XO Connecticut,Rated 4.83 out of 5, Based on 6 Ratings ,"XO goes to ConnecticutSince they began their revolution in the industry, Balmoral cigars have been an absolute success. Each one of their blends delivers a load of complex, unique flavors and they’ve all been racking up awards across countless publications. So when they told me they were developing a Connecitcut blend, I was more than enthused. Today, we welcome their newest achievement: Balmoral Anejo XO Connecticut. Crowned with a shade-grown wrapper from the Connecticut River Valley, these Dominican handmades provide a luxuriously creamy experience. Underneath the genuine US wrapper leaf, an Ecuador Sumatra binder leaf encases Dominican Olor and Pennsylvania long-fillers plus the exclusive, stalk-cut Brazilian Mata Norte leaf that made the original XO so popular. Lighting it up, you’ll find a mixture of vanilla and toasted caramel notes with hints of white pepper. Good news! Balmoral Anejo XO Connecticut has received a 92-point rating, noting: ""Topped with a fantail cap, this short blond robusto draws perfectly, imparting a cedary, nutty smoke that also shows notes of coffee bean, vanilla and earth.""",Mellow-Medium,[],Sumatra,"Brazilian, Dominican, United States",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,,No,Connecticut,Royal Agio Cigars
Balmoral Anejo XO Nicaragua,Rated 5 out of 5,,"A new Nicaraguan, aged to perfection.Balmoral is a name you might not be too familiar with (yet), but the world certainly knows about their parent company Royal Agio. Agio has been making cigars in Europe since 1904 in their factories located in Sri Lanka, the Dominican Republic, Belgium, and the Netherlands, but only recently have premium, long-filler cigars come out of the Dominican factory bearing the name Balmoral. So far every one of their releases has been right on the money, and no holds were barred in the production of their first cigar ever to wear a Nicaraguan wrapper.Underneath the rich Nicaraguan Habano wrapper lies a Cuban-seed Brazilian binder and one of the most unique filler blends we’ve ever seen. The finest, aged Dominican Olor and Nicaraguan Esteli leaves are mixed with Balmoral’s stalk-cut Brazilian Mata Norte, the special leaf responsible for most of the amazing flavors you get from Agio’s premium brand. It took Royal Agio quite some time to perfect this medium-full bodied blend, but when the rich earth and espresso flavors hit your palate, their refusal to compromise becomes immediately evident. Grab a box of Balmoral Anejo XO Nicaragua, and taste the top 5% of tobacco quality. ",Medium-Full,"['Corona Extra', 'Gran Rothschild', 'Short Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Brazil,"Brazilian, Dominican, Nicaraguan",False,False,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Corona Extra, Gran Rothschild, Short Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Nicaraguan,Royal Agio Cigars
Balmoral Anejo XO Oscuro,Rated 5 out of 5,,"Go all in on XOBalmoral Anejo has a simple mission statement: use the top 5% of select, premium tobaccos available and deliver meticulously crafted, sophisticated cigars. Sounds simple, right? Well, when you’re a 4th generation CEO of a large tobacco company, and own your own boutique factory in the Dominican Republic, it’s certainly attainable. But don’t take my word for it: the proof is in the pudding. And each Balmoral release that hits the shelves keeps flying off and receiving tons of industry praise.Today, I’m taking a look at the fullest-bodied blend in the Balmoral profile, the Anejo XO Oscuro. Crowned with a Sun-Grown, Stalk-Cut Mexican San Andres wrapper leaf, the Anejo XO Oscuro also features a Dominican Olor binder overtop Dominican, Nicaraguan, and stalk-cut Brazilian Mata Norte long-fillers. The result is a complex blend of dark chocolate, espresso and black pepper with a smooth, sweet finish. ",Medium-Full,[],Dominican,"Brazilian, Dominican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,,No,Dominican,Royal Agio Cigars
Balmoral Serie Signaturas Dueto,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 1 Rating ,"The perfect “duet”oThe Serie Signaturas is the newest innovation from Balmoral cigars, and it’s certainly starting off on the right foot. Designed as a collaboration-based platform to help shine a spotlight on exciting new cigar blends, the first Balmoral Serie Signaturas is a collaboration between Boris Wintermans and the man, the myth, the legend: Ernesto Perez-Carillo. Dueto is the first release from Balmoral not rolled at the boutique San Pedro factory in the Dominican Republic. Instead, it’s rolled by hand at Tabacalera La Alianza (the winners of the #1 Cigar of the Year award in 2018). Featuring a stunning Nicaraguan leaf overtop Nicaraguan and Brazilian long-fillers, Dueto delivers a medium-bodied profile starring notes of roasted nuts, slight sweetness, and a rich earthiness that’ll keep you coming back for more.",Medium-Full,"['Churchill', 'Figurado', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Nicaraguan,"Brazilian, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Figurado, Gordo, Robusto, Toro",No,Nicaraguan,Royal Agio Cigars
Balmoral Serie Signaturas Paso Doble,Rated 5 out of 5,,"The flower of collaboration.Balmoral is making their rounds. The relatively new boutique brand has established themselves as an excellent independent producer, and the EP Carillo-made Dueto proved their skill when it comes to playing nice with the competitors. Now Balmoral is back with their second collaboration cigar, and they went in with a company that has never made anything but their own cigars up until now. That company is LFD, and that cigar is the Balmoral Serie Signaturas Paso Doble.The Paso Doble comes equipped with with a creamy Ecuador Habano wrapper concealing a Dominican binder and Dominican fillers from Litto Gomez’s legendary farms in the Dominican. The exquisite, full-bodied notes of nuts, oak, pepper, and earth in this gem are a result of Litto and Boris Winterman bringing all of their best leaves and their combined wealth of knowledge to the blending table, and the excellent construction is all thanks to their meticulous quality control. Add a box to your cart today, and don’t miss out on one of the greatest collaborations in the history of tobacco. ",Full,"['Double Corona', 'Double Toro', 'Robusto Extra']",Connecticut Broadleaf,Dominican,False,,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Double Corona, Double Toro, Robusto Extra",No,Ecuador Habano,Royal Agio Cigars
Bandidos,Rated 4.58 out of 5, Based on 641 Ratings ,"Mellow n’ sweet.Bandidos are not long on looks. But these rough little sons of a gun are super tasty, offering a crisp tobacco flavor and oh-so-gentle draw. In fact, these cheroots are made entirely by hand, crafted without binders. Torcedors simply bunch the fillers and apply a dark Sumatra wrapper.  The tips have been sweetened to provide a delicious, sweet and smooth taste. And the price! Indeed the price! These quality handmades even beat out its machine-made counterparts. So pick up a “bale” or two today and save mightily while enjoying delicious cheroots you can chaw on all day long.GREAT NEWS! Bandidos finally spawned a sequel and it's every bit as delicious as the original. Try the new Bandidos Black here.",Mellow,['Cigarillos'],,Honduran,False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,Cigarillos,Yes,Sumatra,
Bandidos Black,Rated 4.09 out of 5, Based on 98 Ratings ,"Dark n’ rich. Bandidos. A humble bundle of smooth n’ sweet cigarillos that’s become one of our absolute best-sellers in a matter of a few years. No lie. They may not be the prettiest on the eyes, but they’re damn tasty and insanely enjoyable to burn through… why else would guys come into our Bethlehem, PA store and buy these by the literal armful? Today, we’ve got a brand new addition to the Bandidos profile, the first sequel to this monstrous success story. Welcome, Bandidos Black. Handmade in the same style as the original Bandidos, the Black is a darker, richer version of the cigar that’s just as delicious as the first. Wrapped in an Olancho leaf with a slightly sweetened tip, you’ll find plenty to love with this new edition. Just be warned — if this thing is even half as popular as the first Bandidos then an insane mob is forming, ready to pillage our warehouse of all of our inventory right about… now. ",Medium,['Cigarillos'],,,False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,Cigarillos,Yes,Maduro,
Belstaff Bond,Rated 4.57 out of 5, Based on 7 Ratings ,"With nearly 100 years of history, Belstaff is known worldwide for its unique style and products. In 2016, Belstaff released its first cigar brand with a flagship blend that’s bold, rich, and creamy. Handcrafted in the Dominican Republic’s most prestigious factory – the home of Macanudo, Cohiba, and more – Belstaff Bond employs a delicious blend of aged long-fillers finished with a dark, sultry Ecuadorian wrapper. The result is a blend that’s spicy, with notes of nuts, wood, pepper, sweet cream, and more. In short, this one will satisfy even the most discerning palate. ",Medium-Full,"['Robusto', 'Toro']",Nicaraguan,"Brazilian, Dominican, Mexican",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Robusto, Toro",No,Ecuador Sumatra,Bugatti Cigars
BG Meyer Gigantes,Rated 4.7 out of 5, Based on 27 Ratings ,"Big personality, BG Meyer Gigantes.Running amuck in the industry the past couple years, the Board of the Bold (Mike Ditka, Matt Booth, and Rob Weiss) have dished out a gaggle of top-tiered blends. This powerhouse conglomerate prides themselves on delivering cigars of the utmost intensity and character, and the newest release from Rob Weiss’ BG Meyer line is as intense as they come. Crafted to pay homage to the pioneers of bold character, people who dared to speak their minds when no one else would, has a character of its own that can easily go toe to toe with the strongest personalities on the planet.Packing a combined age of over 20 years, the tobaccos utilized in this masterpiece are as refined as they come. Gigantes features a dark chocolate-colored, oily Nicaraguan Habano wrapper leaf cultivated in 2007. Underneath, this concoction boasts a Brazilian Mata Fina binder aged for a minimum of 6 years which hugs vintage Nicaraguan and Dominican long-fillers also with at least 6 years of aged behind them. Medium to full-bodied, bold notes of black pepper, licorice, and a lingering sweet spice are all noticeable with a hint of leather sneaking in on the back of the palate. Make time for this blend because it is sure to grab your full attention.BG Meyer Gigantes received a well-deserved 90-rating noting: ""Packed solid with tobacco, this Churchill has a firm draw but delivers plenty of sugary sweet notes that range from malted chocolate to toasted almonds. It's balanced by notes of black pepper and oak.""​",Medium-Full,"['Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Short Robusto']",Brazil,"Dominican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,"Gordo, Robusto, Short Robusto",No,Nicaraguan,Camacho
Big Johnny by Island Jim,Rated 4.73 out of 5,,"Get big! The Leaf by Oscar brand has been sweeping the nation for the last few years, with cigar fanatics lining up around the block to get their hands on these uniquely packaged gems. Today, we welcome a new, insane cigar from the Leaf by Oscar crew – the Big Johnny by Island Jim. Just be warned: this cigar is BIG. Crafted in one size, a massize 8”x66 jawbreaker, the Big Johnny is gonna get your through at least one and a half football games, or a long afternoon of downing longnecks and grilling. In all seriousness, this mammoth stick will easily last you at least two-hours, and it’ll keep you entranced the whole time. Big Johnny delivers loads of dark tobacco, chocolate, cocoa, and naturally sweet notes, proving that even big cigars can be super complex. ",Medium,['Gordo'],Honduran,Honduran,False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,Gordo,No,Nicaraguan Jalapa,
Big Papi by David Ortiz,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 1 Rating ,"Hey slugger, take a swing at this Any baseball fan knows the name David Ortiz – a Dominican Republic native that made a living 4-bagging balls out of the park in Boston and became well known as “Big Papi”. Heading into retirement, Ortiz decided to step up to the plate in the cigar industry. Teaming up with Tabacalera El Artista, creators of the 91-rated Exactus brand, they constructed a cigar to match Big Papi’s performance – one bound for the hall of fame. First crafted in 2013 for personal enjoyment and charity events, the Big Papi received great reviews and was taken commercial in 2016. Now for the good stuff.Right off the bat, the presentation is pleasing – a sleek red and white box that matches the band, showcasing a silhouette of Ortiz pointing to the heavens, and a red fabric foot band to top it off. Pop the box open and there it is – an oily Ecuador Habano Claro Wrapper rolled to perfection over a Dominican Criollo ’98 binder and packed with Dominican and Nicaraguan fillers. Pleasant notes of pepper and chestnut will first grace your palate, thanks to the Ecuador Habano wrapper, followed by a touch of cream, and brought all together with rich notes of earth and leather. This medium-bodied premium from David Ortiz isn’t your ordinary celebrity cigar, this thing is a home run.",Medium,['Toro'],Criollo '98,"Dominican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,Toro,No,Ecuador Habano,
Black & Mild,Rated 4.82 out of 5, Based on 91 Ratings ,"Middleton's Black and Mild cigars are for sure one of the top-selling and sought after brands on the market. Why you ask? These delightful cigarillos are fitted with a comfortable plastic or wood tip for a consistent and dependable draw. Using broad-cut black Cavendish with Burley and golden Virginia tobaccos, Middleton offers a full-flavored, sweet taste with a pleasant aroma. Not to mention the Black & Mild cigars price is oh so affordable.When you’re looking for a quick and tasty yet cheap cigar Black and Milds are a bargain for your buck. These smooth and mellow machine-made treats offer a mouthwatering experience for any pipe enthusiast or flavor premium connoisseur. Don’t stop at just the regular Black and Mild cigars, with the Black and Mild cigars price, try all of the insanely good flavors including Black and Mild Cherry, Jazz, Gold & Mild and Casino. Buy any pack of Black & Milds and enjoy.",Mellow,['Cigarillos'],,,True,No,More Details,United States,No,,Cigarillos,Yes,Indonesian,
Blackstone Cigars,Rated 4.93 out of 5, Based on 73 Ratings ,"Swisher’s black sheep! Composed entirely of premium pipe tobaccos, Blackstone is one of the best quick cigars for those seeking a little indulgence on their lunch break or drive home from work. Tipped for convenience, Blackstone cigars deliver a smooth, mellow, and satisfying profile from its Indonesian wrapper. Made right here in the USA, one taste of these cigars will quickly point you towards why they sell so well year in and year out.",Mellow,['Cigarillos'],,,False,No,More Details,United States,No,,Cigarillos,No,Indonesian,
Blood Red Moon,Rated 4.11 out of 5, Based on 136 Ratings ,"​Time to get mooned.Blood Red Moon is definitely one of the most fascinating little cigars to come across my desk in quite a while. Weighing in between 4.7""x42 and 5.5""x54 and coming in your choice of 3 wrapper varieties, these little guys pack a lot of rich, smooth and highly enjoyable flavor into a petite frame. Handcrafted in the small-batch, well-respected TACASA factory in Nicaragua, these sticks are complex and slow burning, and there's a lot more to Blood Red Moon than a catchy name. Because if astronomy class taught me anything, it's that some of the greatest discoveries are the smallest in size.Connecticut: Subtle and smooth, with flavors of cream, earth, wood, and leather.Habano: Medium-bodied with notes of spice, cedar, and pepper.Maduro: Medium to full-bodied with nuances of smooth cream, subtle spice, chocolate, and coffeeNOTE: Each Culebra contains one cigar of every wrapper. So, a ""Pack of 6"" Culebras is technically 18 total cigars - 6 Connecticut, 6 Habano, 6 Maduro. ",Medium,"['Perfecto', 'Petite Corona', 'Robusto']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Perfecto, Petite Corona, Robusto",No,"Connecticut, Ecuador Habano, Habano Maduro",Cult
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,Rated 3.93 out of 5, Based on 85 Ratings ,"Deep discount on price, no discount on flavor!A star is born. Hailing from the hallowed halls where Gran Habano and Blue Label - among others - call home, B2 is a gem that's ripe for the taking. Here's the deal: packaging is minimalist, the blend is all substance, and all costs were focused on making a deliciously flavorful handmade at a sharp price. Eyeball these plumpin' 30-count wheels lustily - the salivary glands start pumping and the wallet is safely out of harm's way. B2 is as low as $49.99 for a big-boy wheel of 30 cigars. That's bang for the buck if I've ever seen it. Handcrafted in Gran Habano's Danli, Honduras factory, Blue Label's B2 employs a dark Nicaraguan-grown Habano leaf overtop a complex blend of aged Nicaraguan and Panamanian tobaccos. Medium to full-bodied, B2 is brimming with dense, hearty flavors and complexity. Notes of earth, coffee and leather coat the palate while sweet and peppery nuances round out the mix. Satisfying and delicious, B2 is a thing of beauty that answers the bell when you need Cadillac flavor at Yugo prices.",Medium-Full,"['Churchill', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Torpedo']",,"Nicaraguan, Panamanian",False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,"Churchill, Gordo, Robusto, Torpedo",No,Habano,
Bold by Nish Patel,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 3 Ratings ,"Get Bold. Nish Patel, younger brother of Rocky Patel, proves that talent runs in the family. He spent five years perfecting a blend that would be worthy of the Patel name. It's got a flavor unlike anything you've tried before, so prepare to be amazed.Bold by Nish Patel starts with a smooth, dark brown and well-aged Connecticut Broadleaf wrapper. Take a peek under the hood and you will find a double binder, one San Andres and one Connecticut, and a balanced medley of Nicaraguan long-fillers from Jalapa and Esteli. The flavors are distinctive, and include white pepper, cocoa, sweet spice, and roasted coffee. Hearty, BOLD, and intense, it's hard not to take notice of this unique blend.",Medium-Full,"['Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']","Connecticut, Mexican",Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Gordo, Robusto, Toro",No,Connecticut Broadleaf,Rocky Patel Cigars
Bolivar,Rated 4.48 out of 5, Based on 31 Ratings ,"Rich in history and flavor, the Bolivar Dominican cigar!If you desire a cigar that is fuller in strength, look no further than Bolivar. Behind the well-known Bolivar cigar brand name lies a long, rich history in premium cigars dating back to 1901. Bold and authoritative yet not overwhelming are characteristics of the exceptional handmade that mimic those of one of history’s greatest liberators, Simon Bolivar. The dark, reddish-hued ligero wrapper from Honduras combines with a long-leaf blend of tobaccos from the Dominican Republic and two different types of Nicaraguan fillers. The result in these robust Bolivar cigars is a smooth profile with a slight sweetness on the aftertaste. Ideal for an end of the night indulgence before you hit the hay. As one of the best cigars out there, Get your Bolivar box of 25 while they’re still on the shelves. Viva Bolivar!Bolivar received a well-deserved 90-rating noting: ""A rich brown wrapper. This cigar burns and draws well, with creamy, slightly sweet flavors. A well-made cigar."" ",Medium,"['Churchill', 'Gigante', 'Robusto']",Connecticut Broadleaf,"Dominican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Gigante, Robusto",No,Ligero,
Bolivar Cofradia,Rated 4.48 out of 5,,"Not for the faint of heart.    Bolivar, a brand rich in premium cigar history dating back to 1901, and bearing last name of the famous liberator of Southern America from Spanish rule, has created yet another potent blend for its line. Drawing inspiration from Simon Bolivar's bold and authoritative battle strategies, cigar industry legend Estelo Padron designed their newest creation to come out swinging. Made in Honduras, Bolivar Cofradia combines Honduran and Nicaraguan long fillers with a Connecticut binder and wraps it up in a robust Connecticut Broadleaf wrapper creating a full-bodied profile filled with notes of hearty earth and spice, guaranteed to wow even the most seasoned aficionado. Solid construction and lengthy burn time round out the gratifying experience and make this the perfect addition to anyone's humidor. ",Full,"['Churchill', 'Petite Corona', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Connecticut Broadleaf,"Honduran, Nicaraguan",False,,More Details,Honduras,False,,"Churchill, Petite Corona, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",False,Ecuador Sumatra,
Bolivar Heritage Series,Rated 4.83 out of 5, Based on 6 Ratings ,"Bolivar solidifies its reputation.The legendary Bolivar brand has been re-imagined, rejuvenated, and reinvigorated. The story began back in the early 20th century when the brand, named after “The Liberator” Simon Bolivar, was founded in Cuba. A testament to their quality and consistency, Bolivar is now releasing the long-awaited Bolivar Heritage Series. Heritage opens up with a bang, boasting heady notes of cashew mixed with white pepper. It's Connecticut maduro wrapper is seamless, hiding an Ecuadorian Sumatra binder and long-fillers from Honduras and Nicaragua. The further you burn it down, notes of earth, leather, and spices are revealed. Another step in the right direction, Bolivar Heritage is a must-try. ​",Medium,['Robusto'],,,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,Robusto,No,Connecticut,
Boss Classic,Rated 4 out of 5, Based on 8 Ratings ,"Yeah that’s right, you show that cigar who’s boss.Boss Classic comes out of the gates swinging. With a name like Boss, the blend has a lot to live up to, and Boss Classic delivers on all fronts. With eye-catching packaging and handcrafted by a second generation blender, Boss Classic is a refined premium you don’t want to pass over.Crafted by Henke Kelner, Jr. in his Dominican factory, Boss Classic features a blend of Peruvian, Nicaraguan, and Dominican long-fillers tucked beneath a Brazilian wrapper. On the softer side of medium-bodied, this blend greets you with flavors of coffee, dried fruit, and wood, and delivers a well-balanced and complex experience. With immaculate construction, a subtle transition of flavors, and a room pleasing aroma, Boss Classic is an exceptional cigar and will be embraced by newbies and grizzled cigar vets alike. Pick up some Boss Classic cigars today and leave no doubt that you’re the boss of your domain. ​",Medium,"['Churchill', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",,"Dominican, Nicaraguan, Peruvian",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Robusto, Toro",No,Brazilian,Bugatti Cigars
Boutique Blends La Boheme,Rated 4.6 out of 5, Based on 10 Ratings ,"This new offering hits all the right notes. La Boheme is a grand addition to a line that needs no introduction. From Boutique Blends, the team behind the #1 non-Cuban cigar of the year, La Boheme takes its name from Giacomo Puccini’s distinguished 1895 opera. Which happens to be Boutique Blends owner Rafael Nodal’s favorite work of Puccini’s. La Boheme emerges with enough class to match its refined taste and its ornate presentation is as striking as the Sydney Opera House itself.The blend starts softly, with well-aged Dominican long-fillers before slowly growing in strength. Gradually, the exquisite Ecuadorian Habano wrapper brings the mixture together, producing a truly enjoyable medium to full-bodied experience that’s layered with rich notes of coffee, wood, nuts, cream, and caramel. ​Very limited production to ensure a high quality product. So when you see em’ – snag em’!   La Boheme received Top 25 honors for 2015 (#12 overall) and a 94-rating noting: ""The combination of Ecuadoran Habano wrapper and Cuban-seed tobaccos has all the dynamic range of an operatic performance, hitting baritone notes like earth and ripe fruit, all the way to bright soprano tones of spice, ending with a midrange nutty finish.""​",Medium-Full,"['Corona', 'Toro']",,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Corona, Toro",No,Ecuador Habano,
Boutique Blends La Boheme Encantador,Rated 4.82 out of 5, Based on 11 Ratings ,"A simply lovely blendWhy mess with a good thing? I can only think of one solid reason…to make it better! And that’s what Boutique Blends set out to do with the newest extension of the fan-favorite, 91-rated La Boheme. The new addition, dubbed La Boheme Encantador, ratchets up the intensity for a flavor-filled, full-bodied show-stopper that’s sure to follow down the same path paved by the original.Featured on Encantador’s face is a high priming Ecuadorian Habano wrapper leaf, dark and chock-full of oily goodness. Lying just beneath, Dominican binder and long-filler leaves intertwine in sturdy, box-pressed fashion. Bold, rich notes of white pepper, honey, oak, and spice excite the palate from first light. If you’re looking for your new favorite treat, look no further.​",Medium-Full,"['Belicoso', 'Corona', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Dominican,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Belicoso, Corona, Robusto, Toro",No,Ecuador Habano,
Brazilian Cream,Rated 4.5 out of 5, Based on 14 Ratings ,"Get on the Cream Team!When you’re perusing the insane discounts and great prices on all things cigars at Cigars International, you’ll no doubt notice our huge selection of bundle-brand sticks. Bundle brands fill a particular niche in the cigar industry, perfect for days outside doing yardwork, kicking it in the garage, after a few drinks, or whenever you need something to puff on that won’t break the bank. The quality of these selections runs the gamut, but when we tried a sample of these Brazilian Creams, a lot of us couldn’t even tell the Nicaraguan filler is Cuban-sandwich style. The hearty Brazilian wrapper provides rich, zesty notes and the finish is redolent of cigars five times the price. Grab a bundle of Brazilian Cream, and light up for pennies with pride!",Medium-Full,"['Churchill', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Churchill, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Brazilian,
Brick House,Rated 4.63 out of 5, Based on 108 Ratings ,"She's a....Originally created by Julius Caeser Newman in 1937, Brick House has been a stalwart in the industry for decades. The brand gets it's name from the family's house in Hungary, a (you guessed it) brick house that housed the family up top, and the tavern they read on the bottom. Today, Brick House has stood the test of time, still delivering a top-shelf, complex handmade at an extremely wallet-friendly price. Brick House is a gorgeous Nicaraguan puro crafted with a dark, reddish-brown Habano wrapper and a robust blend of Nicaraguan long-fillers. The result is a medium to full-bodied cigar that's rich, flavorful, and smooth. Notes of earth, cedar, pepper, and coffee are complemented by a toasty, slightly sweet finish. Well-made, tasty, and modestly priced. Brick House received a well-deserved 93-rating and was named a Top 25 Cigar of 2016 AND a Top 25 Cigar of 2010. That's consistency! The reviews noted: ""It's hard to beat the bang-for-the-buck factor of the cigar, a $5 Nicaraguan Puro with copious amounts of flavor. It smacks of sweet wood and tea with a toasty aftertaste.""",Medium-Full,"['Churchill', 'Corona', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Churchill, Corona, Gordo, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,"Habano, Nicaraguan",
Brick House Connecticut,Rated 4.4 out of 5, Based on 90 Ratings ,"Nearly 100 years of history...Brick House Cigars, crafted by the J.C. Newman Cigar Company, were first launched in 1937 as true Cuban Puros made with the finest Havana tobaccos. The Cuban embargo ended all of that and Brick House was later relaunched by J.C. Newman as a Nicaraguan puro that shattered all expectations. It quickly became a top-rated, fan favorite blend known to be a great bang-for-the-buck cigar. The entire Brick House line contains pure Nicaraguan cigars with quality construction and loads of rich flavor, not to mention being priced right in the $6 wheelhouse. Now extended to offer all of this in a mellower fashion with Brick House Connecticut — though the cigar is not as full-bodied as its counterparts, its certainly still full-flavored. Handmade by J.C. Newman in Nicaragua, Brick House Connecticut is adorned with a natural golden brown wrapper. Puff after puff you’ll be met with tame hints of sweet cedar, cream, and toast. If you enjoyed the original Brick House, be sure to give its mellow friend a try.  ",Mellow-Medium,"['Churchill', 'Corona', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Connecticut Broadleaf,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Churchill, Corona, Gordo, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Connecticut,
Brick House Fumas,Rated 4.28 out of 5, Based on 1050 Ratings ,"Tradition meets value. For over 100 years, the J.C. Newman Cigar Co. has perfected their craft of superior cigar-making. With roots this deep, they’ve learned a thing or three about delivering high-quality blends at a fair price point. This talent was put on full display through Brick House. Seemingly overnight, Brick House became one of America’s most popular cigars. Now, the next edition of Brick House has arrived — an even more economical option that’s born to satisfy. Hugged by a silky, Sun Grown Sumatra wrapper, Brick House Fumas feature a ‘Cuban sandwich’ blend of aged Nicaraguan tobaccos to deliver an incredibly smooth, yet eventful experience. Simply put, the same flavors, quality and consistency that made Brick House a household name, smothered in value-enhanced goodness. Even more simply put: you’ll love ‘em…you’ll love the price…and you’ll love burning these one after the other — early, often, affordably.​",Medium,"['Churchill', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Churchill, Gordo, Robusto, Toro",No,Sun Grown,
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,Rated 4.28 out of 5, Based on 29 Ratings ,"A Connoisseur's Cost-Cutting Connecticut In these crazy, ever-changing times we're living in, consistency is more important than ever, That's why when you light up your next cigar, you should go with a brand with a proven track record. JC Newman has been in business for more than 100 years, bringing us premium handmade cigars that we can count on to deliver excellent flavors & construction time and time again. The original Brick House is one of their finest lines at a fair price, and the Brick House Fumas takes that one step further. The Brick House Fumas Connecticut is the third entry into the Brick House Fumas line. Made from the same tobaccos as the original but utilizing 'Cuban-Sandwich' style filler and economical bundle packaging, Brick House Fumas feature all the flavors you love from the original for a fraction of the cost. Wearing a silky Connecticut wrapper over a dark Connecticut Broadleaf binder & Nicaraguan fillers, be prepared for a mellow to medium-bodied profile loaded with complex notes of cedar, cream, and pepper, Brick House Fumas Connecticut is perfect for whenever you have time to enjoy a fine premium, or when you're just looking for a knock around stick. JC Newman does it again!",Mellow-Medium,"['Churchill', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",,,False,,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Churchill, Gordo, Robusto, Toro",No,Connecticut,
Brick House Fumas Maduro,Rated 4.24 out of 5, Based on 232 Ratings ,"Maduro for lessJ.C. Newman has been crafting cigars for nearly 125 years now. That’s a long time. And they’ve learned a thing or two along the way. One of their finest offerings is their Brick House line of cigars. Both the original and Maduro have received 90+ ratings and have a large following. A few years back, they came out with Brick House Fumas. A more economical version of the original filled ‘Cuban-Sandwhich’ style with the leftover clippings from the original blend. Today, we welcome with open arms a darker version, Brick House Fumas Maduro.It comes wrapped up in a chocolate brown Sumatra Maduro wrapper, with all Nicaraguan tobaccos bundled up underneath. It delivers a medium-bodied performance with all the great flavor you’ve come to love in Brick House Maduro, but at a price you won’t believe. Pick up a bundle of 20 Brick House Fumas Maduro for less than half the price of its long-filler counterpart. ",Medium,"['Churchill', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']","Connecticut Broadleaf, Nicaraguan",Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Churchill, Gordo, Robusto, Toro",No,Maduro,
Brick House Maduro,Rated 4.55 out of 5, Based on 103 Ratings ,"Maduro in the house!Surely you’ve heard of Brick House, a 93-rated gem that managed to work its way onto the “Best 25 Cigars of 2010” list. Well J.C. Newman is back with the Brick House Maduro. This cigar is darker and spicier than its predecessor. An oily Brazilian Arapiraca Maduro wrapper houses a blend of premium Nicaraguan long-fillers and a Nicaraguan binder. The bold, full-bodied flavor profile is punctuated by notes of cocoa and sweetness. Slow-burning, firm in hand, and deliciously tasty, it’s a fitting follow-up that will easily work its way onto your top ten list.Good news! In 2017 Brick House Maduro received an impressive 91-point rating, noting: ""Strong and earthy, this dark, attractive cigar also has a salt-and-pepper quality that becomes lighter and floral. The finish is bready with a hint of caramel.""",Medium-Full,"['Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Gordo, Robusto, Toro",No,Brazilian,
Brighton's Best,Rated 4.25 out of 5, Based on 158 Ratings ,"Brighton’s Best might be the new kid on the block, but it’s already got fans of flavored cigars going wild. With ten different options to choose from, and a price that’s more than palatable, it’s no surprise why. Let’s get this first part out of the way: Brighton’s Best may not be the prettiest gal at the dance. From the uh… serviceable packaging to the simple bands, these sticks ain’t winning any beauty contests. But look past the surface, and you’ll be pleasantly surprised. The Connecticut wrapper keeps things smooth, the flavors are imbued with just the right amount of sweetness, from Vanilla to Blueberry cigars there's a flavor for every preference, and each stick burns easily with no relights. Dollar for dollar, Brighton’s Best is a damn good deal. ​Blueberry: Fruity and sweet, this one's got tons of flavor. Chocolate: A rich and smooth choice, with appealing candy-bar qualitiesCherry: An American classic, Cherry is rich and deliciousCoffee: What better pairing with your mug o' joe? Creamy and deliciousMango: Light and fruity, Mango is the perfect companion to a hot day and a cool drink. Melon: Light this up post-BBQ, and you'll have no regrets. Vanilla: Reminiscent of classic pipe-tobacco, Vanilla has just the right hit of natural sweetness. ",Mellow,"['Churchill', 'Corona', 'Lonsdale', 'Robusto']",,,True,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Corona, Lonsdale, Robusto",Yes,Connecticut,
Brioso Bundles,Rated 4.53 out of 5, Based on 15 Ratings ,"Brioso, bro. Get on it. Around here, we’re always trying to sniff out value and find good deals. That’s why we knew we had to pick up some Brioso bundles when we came across them. Manufactured by General Cigar Company (the name behind famous brands like Cohiba, Macanudo, and CAO), Brioso cigars are held to the same quality control standards as some of the best cigars in the world. Presented in both a Natural and Maduro wrapper leaf, Brioso combines a blend of Dominican seco and ligero tobaccos with Nicaraguan and Mexican fillers. The Natural keeps things smooth and mellow, delivering a crisp flavor profile with hints of cedar and a nice, chill spice. The Maduro steps things up a notch, adding black pepper and dry cocoa to the blend. Whichever one you go with, you’re guaranteed to find a perfect everyday blend.",Medium,"['Gigante', 'Toro']",Habano,"Dominican, Honduran, Mexican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Gigante, Toro",No,"Honduran, Maduro",
Brocatus,Rated 4.25 out of 5, Based on 277 Ratings ,"One of the best value handmades you will find.Last month I realized that for over 2 years I’ve been selling the daylights out of Brocatus and had never even smoked one. I had received some emails telling me how much people liked it, then came more emails, and even more until I finally took notice and grabbed a box to smoke. Damn right! This no-nonsense handmade is quite mellow with some nutty, oaky flavors and a balanced, consistent character. The long-fillers are all Dominican while the wrapper is a smooth Connecticut-seed Ecuadorian leaf with a nice sheen. And the price! For right around 2 bucks is downright spectacular. Note: Brocatus recently underwent a bit of a face lift on the box and band, but the blend and tobaccos inside remain identical.",Mellow,"['Churchill', 'Robusto', 'Torpedo']",,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Robusto, Torpedo",No,Ecuador Connecticut,
Brocatus Anejo,Rated 4.25 out of 5, Based on 4 Ratings ,"Good burnin’ on a bottom-dollar budget.If you’re some high-society hoity-toity cigar snob who turns their nose up at cigars priced for the everyman, you might not have heard of Brocatus. You would also be doing yourself a major disservice by passing it by. These long-filler beauties might be inexpensive, but they’re a lot of cigar for the money, and exhibit smooth, well-rounded flavor profiles that can easily go toe-to-toe with sticks that cost three times the money. Featuring an oily San Andres wrapper overtop a Dominican binder and fillers from the Dominican Republic, Nicaragua, and Pennsylvania, the Brocatus Anejo is certainly no slouch. Brocatus is one of our best-sellers in the budget category, and connoisseurs with highly refined palates have even been known to reach for them for a good herf. True fans know that the earthy, creamy flavors from these beauties easily hold up to any activity you pair them with, be it walking the dog, mowing the lawn, or relaxing after a busy day. Grab a box of Brocatus Anejo, and get ready to redefine your conception of “value” cigars.",Medium,"['Churchill', 'Gordo', 'Robusto']",Dominican,"Dominican, Nicaraguan, Pennsylvania",False,False,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Gordo, Robusto",No,San Andres,
Buffalo TEN,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 1 Rating ,"Beautiful boutiques to fit any budget!El Artista is a cigar factory known for their eclectic boutique offerings, and their dedication to growing and blending only the best leaves possible. Buffalo TEN is their newest offering, and this beautiful box-pressed toro pushes the envelope of quality and affordability. A true study in contradiction, the rare and heavily-aged components would be right at home in a cigar three times the price, but as El Artista puts it, ‘We make cigars, not money’. For the blend, a toothy, rich Mexican San Andrew wrapper covers a Dominican Negrito binder, and fillers from the USA, Colombia, and Nicaragua. Also used in the filler is an exclusive Dominican leaf known as T-13, which El Artista has been patiently aging for seven years. The result is a medium-bodied profile rife with notes of leather, cedar, spices, and cocoa, with toasty nuances and excellent construction. Coming in just one soft box-pressed toro size, Buffalo TEN is second-to-none, and ready to take its place in your daily rotation. ",Medium,['Toro'],Dominican,"Colombian, Dominican, United States",False,,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,Toro,No,"Maduro, San Andres",
Bugatti Ambassador,Rated 4.25 out of 5, Based on 4 Ratings ,"A Bugatti even I can afford.The name Bugatti immediately calls to mind the 200+ mph supercar of my dreams. While Bugatti cigars won’t help me motor down the highway at ridiculous speeds, this blend certainly lives up to the Bugatti promise of delivering a truly exceptional and luxurious experience. Bugatti Ambassador hails from the Dominican Republic and features a smooth Ecuador Habano wrapper atop a multi-country blend of Dominican, Brazilian, Pennsylvanian, and Nicaraguan long-fillers. These premium tobaccos are blended perfectly to offer up a medium-bodied and flavor-rich adventure. Hitting top speed in a flash, expect to be embraced with sweet, creamy flavors with a subtle hint of spice. A high performance blend in every aspect, Bugatti Ambassador features spot-on construction and an effortless draw paving the way for a relaxing and pleasant excursion.  Give the Bugatti Ambassador a test drive, and I’m confident you’ll want to revisit this blend time and again. ​",Medium,"['Robusto', 'Toro']",,"Brazilian, Dominican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Robusto, Toro",No,Ecuador Habano,Bugatti Cigars
Bugatti Medio,Rated 4.07 out of 5, Based on 147 Ratings ,"Bugatti gets you where you need to goWhen the bossman told me we had a ton of new Bugattis in for me to test drive, my jaw hit the floor. Needless to say I was a little disappointed when I found a package of cigars on my desk, instead of the keys to the supercar of my dreams. Luckily for me, these Bugatti blends performed exceptionally well, and are poised to find a place in your humidor. The Bugatti Medio is the “just right” blend in the new trilogy of Bugatti cigars – not too dark, not too mellow, just a comfortably balanced medium-bodied experience. Underneath the Sumatra wrapper, you’ll find a four-country long-filler blend of US, Dominican, Nicaraguan, and Honduran tobaccos. Light it up, and this high-performance cigar delivers creamy and woodsy notes up front, before developing into a spicier blend down the road. But let’s not skip the best part: this new Bugatti is a luxury we all can afford.",Medium,"['Churchill', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Sumatra,"Dominican, Honduran, Nicaraguan, United States",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Sumatra,Bugatti Cigars
Bugatti Potere,Rated 3.79 out of 5, Based on 38 Ratings ,"A smooth finish, guaranteed When I first got these samples on my desk, I have to admit that I just had no clue what “Potere” could mean. Luckily, the internet exists, and a little search engine told me that potere is Italian for “power.” Makes sense now that I think about it – this Italian supercar brand has been delivering powerfully great cigars to us for years, and Potere is no different. Now, let me clear up any confusion, though this cigar’s name means “power” it’s far from a powerhouse blend. Instead, Bugatti Potere delivers a charming Connecticut based blend to those who give it a shot. Up top, a pristine Ecuadorian Connecticut wrapper leaf covers Cuban-seed, Nicaraguan long-fillers and binder. Toasting this silky handmade, you’ll find a sweet earthiness with hints of pepper and nuts. More of a medium-bodied Connecticut, Potere easily beats out the competition when it comes to flavor and value.",Mellow-Medium,"['Churchill', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Indonesian,"Mexican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Ecuador Connecticut,Bugatti Cigars
Bugatti Quattro Claro,Rated 4 out of 5, Based on 1 Rating ,"​Zero to delicious in no time flatQuench your need for speed with a Bugatti Quattro Claro. While it won’t go over 200 mph and send your wedding tackle up into your throat, this Bugatti blend establishes its luxurious credentials from the word go. Patiently handcrafted and blended to perfection, it’s time to hammer down on the gas pedal and bury the needle with Bugatti Quattro Claro.Bugatti Quattro Claro comes fully loaded and outfitted with a San Andres wrapper blanketing a Dominican Olor binder and a blend of Habano long-fillers from the Dominican Republic and Nicaragua.  Medium to full-bodied, this blend plays host to a wide array of flavors including coffee, wood, leather, cocoa, and hay, and will take your palate on one helluva joyride. Test drive the Bugatti Quattro Claro and I know you’ll be ready dedicate some room in your humidor for this delectable cigar. ​",Medium-Full,"['Figurado', 'Toro']",Dominican,"Dominican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Figurado, Toro",No,San Andres,Bugatti Cigars
Bugatti Quattro Claro,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 1 Rating ,"​Zero to delicious in no time flatQuench your need for speed with a Bugatti Quattro Claro. While it won’t go over 200 mph and send your wedding tackle up into your throat, this Bugatti blend establishes its luxurious credentials from the word go. Patiently handcrafted and blended to perfection, it’s time to hammer down on the gas pedal and bury the needle with Bugatti Quattro Claro.Bugatti Quattro Claro comes fully loaded and outfitted with a San Andres wrapper blanketing a Dominican Olor binder and a blend of Habano long-fillers from the Dominican Republic and Nicaragua.  Medium to full-bodied, this blend plays host to a wide array of flavors including coffee, wood, leather, cocoa, and hay, and will take your palate on one helluva joyride. Test drive the Bugatti Quattro Claro and I know you’ll be ready to dedicate some room in your humidor for this delectable cigar. ​",Medium-Full,"['Churchill', 'Figurado']",Dominican,"Dominican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Figurado",No,San Andres,
Bugatti Quattro Maduro,Rated 1 out of 5,,"​Racing towards flavortownAfter leaving competing supercars in a cloud of smoke, Bugatti is looking to drop the hammer on the cigar industry. The preeminent name in high performance driving machines, Bugatti has been ahead of the curve and leading the pack for over a century. Taking their collective expertise in engineering, design, and cutting-edge style, Bugatti cigars are a heavyweight contender in the premium cigar arena. Bugatti Quattro Maduro is a full-bodied speed demon featuring an oily San Andres Maduro wrapper atop a Dominican Olor binder and a medley of Habano long-fillers from Nicaragua and the Dominican Republic. Expect a full-frontal flavor assault with notes of espresso, dark chocolate, pepper, earth, and oak to provide you with a palate awakening experience. Premium in every way – looks, taste, and construction – pick up Bugatti Quattro Maduro and prepare yourself for a helluva ride. ​",Full,['Toro'],Dominican,"Dominican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,Toro,No,Maduro,
Bugatti Scuro,Rated 4.24 out of 5, Based on 86 Ratings ,"Bugatti’s dark horse emergesFrom their supercars to their pinpoint accurate lighters, every product bearing the Bugatti name is a reliable powerhouse. Today, we welcome the newest trilogy of Bugatti cigar releases to Cigars International, and I’ve gotta say, these blends all easily join the winner’s circle. My favorite of the new batch? Bugatti Scuro, a blend that any maduro lover can sink their teeth into. Underneath this Broadleaf wrapper lies the same four-country, long-filler blend of US, Dominican, Nicaraugna, and Honduran tobaccos that the Bugatti Medio features. In this version, however, the dark maduro wrapper takes the lead, delivering a toasty and cedar dominant profile that’s backed by dark chocolate and espresso. Affordable, reliable, and dee-lish, the Bugatti Scuro belongs on your “must-try” list. ",Medium-Full,"['Churchill', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Sumatra,"Dominican, Honduran, Nicaraguan, United States",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Connecticut Broadleaf,Bugatti Cigars
Bugatti Signature,Rated 1 out of 5, Based on 1 Rating ,"A high octane blendAlthough Bugatti Signature may not be able to go over 200 mph, it delivers an experience that’s sure to have your hair standing on end. With no expense spared in sourcing the most well-aged and rare tobaccos, this cigar delivers as only a Bugatti can. Fasten your seatbelts and prepare yourself for an adventure in the fast lane with Bugatti Signature.Crafted at the PDR factory in the Dominican Republic, Bugatti Signature utilizes rare, 10 year old Dominican Piloto Cubano tobacco in the long-filler tucked beneath a gorgeous Ecuadorian wrapper. Unapologetically full-bodied, the high octane Bugatti Signature will have your palate revving with flavors of cocoa and spice setting the table for a creamy finish. If you’ve been hunting for a full-bodied flavor bomb, your search ends here with Bugatti Signature. ​",Full,"['Churchill', 'Toro']",,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Toro",No,Ecuador Habano,Bugatti Cigars
Cabaiguan by Tatuaje,Rated 4.83 out of 5, Based on 6 Ratings ,"If you thought Tatuaje was tough to say, try Cabaiguan on for size!Cabaiguan is hand-crafted by Jose 'Don Pepin' Garcia in the My Father Cigars factory in Nicaragua. Tough to say, but easy to burn, this mellow to medium-bodied blend employs a smooth Connecticut seed wrapper grown under the valley mist of Ecuador. Inside, a Cuban-seed mixture of Nicaraguan long-fillers is carefully blended to promote a flavorful cigar layered with rich, hearty nuances.Cabaiguan received a 92-point rating, noting: ""Solidly rolled with a lightly-colored wrapper and a pigtail cap. It exhibits great balance with a cocoa-powder sweetness, some light black pepper notes and cedary, leather intonations.""The Tatuaje brand is incredibly highly-rated, and features a huge variety of cigars. Shop them all here. ",Medium,"['Churchill', 'Corona', 'Corona Extra', 'Petite Corona', 'Robusto', 'Robusto Extra', 'Toro']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Churchill, Corona, Corona Extra, Petite Corona, Robusto, Robusto Extra, Toro",No,"Ecuador Connecticut, Ecuador Sungrown",Tatuaje Cigars
Cabaiguan Guapos by Tatuaje,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 1 Rating ,"A Handsome Release Indeed!Among all the gems in Tatuaje’s portfolio, some don’t get the attention they deserve. One line from Tatuaje that shouldn’t be overlooked is the Cabaiguan Guapos, a follow-up to the Ecuador Connecticut-wrapped Cabaiguan. Though the Nicaraguan fillers remain the same, the golden Connecticut wrapper has been replaced with your choice of a dark, oily Connecticut Broadleaf, or a spicy Ecuadorian Sun-Grown leaf. This gives the flavors more resonance while retaining the underlying profile, adding an extra dimension of earth, espresso, and pepper from the broadleaf, or a toasty, lingering spice from the Sun-Grown, for a medium-bodied cigar experience you won’t soon forget. ",Medium,"['Corona', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Corona, Robusto, Toro",No,"Ecuador Connecticut, Ecuador Sungrown",Tatuaje Cigars
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,Rated 4.03 out of 5, Based on 33 Ratings ,"These little beauties offer a ton of flavor in a quick, relaxing form.Handmade in Holland since 1963 using an exceedingly gentle blend of smooth, dry-cured tobaccos Café Créme employs only premium,100% natural tobaccos. A top-seller worldwide, each bite-sized cigar offers an enjoyable 'tweener' that's both flavorful and satisfying. Perfect when time is short and packages in convenient pocket tins for portability and freshness.Original: The world’s first small cigar and global best-seller. Crafted with a Colombian, Dominican, Java, and Italian tobacco draped in a natural Java wrapper, Café Crème delivers a smooth and rich tobacco flavor. Blue: Utilizing the same blend of unique, premium tobaccos as the Original, Blue swaps in an Ecuadorian Connecticut shade wrapper to create a slightly gentler experience with a distinctly creamy and smooth profile. Arome: This variation employs the same combination of tobaccos as Café Crème original, but the leaves have been very subtly infused with a rich hint of aromatic coffee to create a wonderful smelling and tasting experience. ​Note: There has been a packaging change on Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans. These now come in cardboard boxes instead of metal tins. ",Mellow,['Cigarillos'],,Dominican,True,No,More Details,Europe,No,,Cigarillos,Yes,Sumatra,
Cain by Oliva,Rated 4.69 out of 5, Based on 32 Ratings ,"Straight ligero, baby.Hand-crafted in the Oliva factory of Nicaragua, Cain is a powerful blend of patiently aged, triple-fermented tobaccos. Available in two varieties - a thick and leathery Habano and a dark, oily Maduro - Cain utilizes superior long-leaf ligeros from Nicaragua’s three major growing regions: Esteli, Condega, and Jalapa. The cigar is eventful and complex, delivering a full-bodied, full-flavored assortment of deep, hearty flavors in smooth fashion. Hearty spices mingle with a deep tobacco core and Cuban-esque qualities, smacking the palate with notes of earth and coffee along the way. The abundance of thicker ligero leaves provide a slower burn, allowing you to truly appreciate each long-lasting puff, as the cigar grows more intense in both flavor and strength toward the nub.The newer Cain ‘F’ is a bold new Nicaraguan blend, a stout addition to the family which delivers a full-throttle array of heady, satisfying flavors. Draped in a thick, dark brown Habano leaf and stuffed with an extra-generous dose of Nicaraguan ligeros, Cain ‘F’ is nothing if not full-bodied. Yet it’s unexpectedly smooth and balanced with a deep, rich flavor profile featuring notes of spices, earth, leather and coffee. Slow-burning, complex and robust, Cain ‘F’ sets a new benchmark in extra-full-bodied handmades.Cain Habano 'F' received a well-deserved 92-point rating, noting:""Solidly rolled with a dark, oily and attractive wrapper. The draw is bit firm, but instantly delivers rich, bold notes of leather and spice that intensify in both flavor and body.""As if that wasn't enough, Cain Habano received a '90' rating, commenting:""This toothy torpedo wears an oily wrapper. It has a woody flavor, with leathery notes that turn sweet and floral before a tea note lingers on the finish."" ",Full,"['Gordo', 'Lancero/Panatela', 'Robusto', 'Torpedo']",,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Gordo, Lancero/Panatela, Robusto, Torpedo",No,"Habano, Habano Maduro",Oliva
Cain Daytona by Oliva,Rated 4.78 out of 5, Based on 23 Ratings ,"Ligero-laced, with McTwist!The Daytona continues Cain's employment of 100%, straight ligero blends....however, this one has a twist. Cain Daytona is a Nicaraguan puro made entirely of Cuban-seed, long-leaf ligeros from the Jalapa Valley. Jalapa is a primary resource for smooth, but rich tobaccos....tobaccos often used to help create balance in a full-bodied, full-flavored blend. In using these tobaccos, Oliva created a rich and flavorful blend with noble smoothness and superior balance. Deep notes of coffee and rich tobacco are complemented by the slightest hint of pepper and some sweet tones on the finish. Medium in body but full in flavor, Cain Daytona is a satisfying, anytime treat that'll delight the palate with genuine Nicaraguan boldness.",Medium,"['Corona', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Torpedo']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Corona, Gordo, Robusto, Torpedo",No,Habano,Oliva
Cain F Nub by Oliva,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 8 Ratings ,"Cain and Nub come full circle.First, there was Nub - a revolutionary cigar that captured the true essence of the tobacco at play. Then, there was Cain - a full-bodied, full-throttle blend crafted to redefine the full-flavored Nicaragua. Next came Cain 'F' - an even fuller-bodied variety of Cain. Now, the journey is complete as Nub meets Cain 'F'.Cain 'F' Nub....it was only a matter of time. To craft these full-bodied firecrackers, a select recipe of bold Nicaraguan long-leaf ligeros is carefully blended, then cloaked by a thick and oily Habano ligero wrapper leaf. Each cigar is crafted into short and stout, 60+ ring frames - in true Nub form - to capture the core flavors these robust tobaccos dish out throughout the entire burn. The end result: layers of flavor with every puff delivered in smooth, balanced fashion. A rich series of leather and hearty spices smack the palate from start to finish, giving room - from time to time - for an intriguing toasty sweetness. Complex, satisfying, and eventful....Cain 'F' Nub is a fine achievement from the Oliva factory.Cain F Nub by Oliva received a well-deserved 90-rating noting: ""Packed with tobacco, this short, fat cigar imparts a dense smoke that is strong and hearty with earth, coffee bean and leather notes. The finish hints of dried cherry.""",Full,['Gordo'],,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,Gordo,No,Habano,Nub
Cain Nub by Oliva,Rated 4.43 out of 5, Based on 14 Ratings ,"Cain + Nub=deliciousness.Cain Nub is the latest addition to the ultra-successful list of offerings from Sam Leccia and the Oliva family. First there was Nub, a series of short and stout handmades that promise to hit their 'sweet spot' immediately and maintain it throughout the entire length of the cigar. Then there was Cain, a full-tilt, 'straight ligero' powerhouse that's rich, bold and complex. And now, there's Cain Nub, a highly-anticipated fusion of these two innovative cigars. All of Cain's flavor in a Nub costume, that's the Cain Nub. Offered in either a thick, leathery Habano leaf or a dark and oily Maduro, Cain Nub employs a robust mixture of long-leaf ligeros from a variety of regions in Nicaragua. Expect a powerful but refined display of complexity including hearty notes of spices, earth and coffee. Full-bodied, full-flavored and impressively smooth, Cain Nub delivers an unmatched experience. Only two sizes were created - a 4"" x 60 vitola with the same amount of tobaccos and burn time as a 6.75"" x 50 Churchill or a 4"" x 64 Torpedo that equals a 7"" x 50 Churchill.",Full,['Gordo'],,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,Gordo,No,"Habano, San Andres",Nub
Caldwell Anastasia H,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 5 Ratings ,"Anastasia’s ReturnIn 2016, Caldwell teamed up with industry legend E.P. Carrillo to create a tasty little cigar called Anastasia, named after a Russian Princess. These cigars were highly limited due to the availability of the wrapper leaf they chose to use. They only shipped to a small group of retailers across the country and they quickly disappeared from the market. But anyone who was lucky enough to taste the cigar raved over the great flavor. Well good news fellas, Anstasia is back with a slight tweak.Now dubbed Anastasia H, they swapped the original wrapper with a well-aged Habano leaf. Just like the original, the rest of the blend is being kept a secret but we’ve been told all the tobaccos are rare and have been patiently aging in the Tabacalera La Alianza factory. It clocks in as a medium to full-bodied blend with notes of caramel, spice, leather, and a creamy smoothness. Snag a box now, Anastasia has been known for a good Irish goodbye. ",Medium-Full,"['Churchill', 'Corona', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",,"Dominican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Corona, Robusto, Toro",No,Habano,
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,Rated 4.61 out of 5, Based on 31 Ratings ,"This ain’t no bluff, you must try this cigarRobert Caldwell has burst onto the boutique cigar scene like some sorta supernova, and it seems like there’s no stopping his meteoric rise. You see, he makes cigars his way…he scours farms across the globe for the best tobacco leaves, tests and retests his blends until he gets the exact flavors he’s looking for, and keeps production limited in an effort to deliver a superior product. My word is bond, son, and I’m telling you once you try a Caldwell cigar you will count yourself among his growing legion of fans. Blind Man’s Bluff comes wrapped in an enticing Ecuadorian Habano leaf atop a refined Honduran Criollo binder, long-fillers from the Dominican and Honduras ramp up the intensity. Tasty notes of cedar, bread, and sweet spice all enter the fray with a long and cool finish topping off the experience. Do yourself a favor and pick this sucker up before everyone else beats you to it.​​",Medium,"['Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Honduran,"Dominican, Honduran",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Gordo, Robusto, Toro",No,Ecuador Habano,
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff Connecticut,Rated 4 out of 5, Based on 1 Rating ,"Blind Man Goes MellowCaldwell Cigars hasn’t been around for that long, but the brand has already become one of the bestselling, and it’s not an accident. Robert Caldwell has a keen sense for good tobacco, and he goes from farm to farm, trying to find the best crops to make his blends. All of his products are absolutely delicious and made with precision, there is little wonder as to why Caldwell has a devoted following of faithful enthusiasts.Blind Man’s Bluff Connecticut is a follow-up to the original Blind Man’s Bluff release. Like the original, this blend’s fillers are comprised of long fillers from the Dominican and Honduras, but it’s encased in a golden Ecuadorian Habano wrapper. Complex with some spice, this gem’s got flavor for days with notes of leather, cream, and toasted almonds. Go ahead, grab a box or two, and see for yourself why everyone’s going ga ga over Caldwell.",Mellow-Medium,"['Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Honduran,"Dominican, Honduran",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Gordo, Robusto, Toro",No,Ecuador Connecticut,
Caldwell Collection - E.S. Midnight Express,Rated 4.67 out of 5, Based on 6 Ratings ,"Hop aboard the Midnight ExpressRobert Caldwell has quite the following in the cigar world. Like, when he visited our offices, a certain CI individual went weak at the knees over him. While I’m not on that level, it’s easy to understand why people love these sticks. Caldwell consistently delivers small-batch, boutique handmades that rival any blend on the market. And with his newest creation, there’s just another reason to burn Caldwell. The Midnight Express is everything you’ve come to love about the Eastern Standard blend, amped up a notch. Utilizing perfectly aged, hand-selected Central American tobaccos for the binder and filler, each one of these boutique boomsticks comes equipped with an oily Connecticut Shade Hybrid wrapper that delivers an incredibly satisfying experience. With wave after wave of cedar, espresso, dark chocolate, spice, and a salty leather quality, this cigar is sure to be a favorite of Maduro lovers everywhere. ​Recently, Midnight Express joined the esteemed caliber of 90+ rated cigars. In February of 2017, the review noted, ""A dark and oily corona topped with a near-perfect pigtail cap. The cigar's easy draw delivers salty, brawny notes of walnut, earth and coffee bean.""",Medium-Full,"['Corona', 'Lancero', 'Pyramid', 'Robusto', 'Toro']","Dominican, Habano","Dominican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,Varies,,"Corona, Lancero, Pyramid, Robusto, Toro",Varies,"Brazilian, Ecuador Connecticut",
Caldwell Collection - Eastern Standard,Rated 4.8 out of 5, Based on 15 Ratings ,"The new StandardIf you or anyone you know even remotely like boutique brands, you've probably heard the name ""Caldwell"" about 1,000 times in the last year. I'm not sure a small batch company has had a bigger hype train behind them, ever. And if we're being honest, most of the time hype only ends in derailing and disappointment. Luckily, Caldwell breaks the trend, and actually earns every good word that's said about them. This is one brand that's well worth digging into. And there's no better place to start than Eastern Standard. A smooth, medium-bodied cigar, Eastern Standard features a silky-smooth hybrid leaf of Connecticut Ecuadorian wrapper. It's expertly applied, and adds an unforgettable lemony brightness to the slight spice and grass notes of the Dominican and Nicaraguan filler. Good news, Eastern Standard has received an impressive 91-point rating, noting: ""Topped with a pigtail cap, this Churchill delivers a dense, chewy smoke that layers the palate with distinct notes of leather and black pepper. Touches of chocolate malt also come through.""​",Medium,"['Churchill', 'Robusto', 'Toro']","Dominican, Habano","Dominican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Robusto, Toro",No,Ecuador Connecticut,
Caldwell Collection - Long Live The King,Rated 4.89 out of 5, Based on 19 Ratings ,"Long Live CaldwellRobert Caldwell has said, very seriously, “The purpose of Caldwell Cigars is to go wherever we must to find the most exotic flavors we can. The Caldwell Collection is made up of a number of very unique brands that utilize these premium rare tobaccos.” From the mouths of lesser brands, I’d mock this, but Caldwell is the real deal. This boutique brand does everything they can to find the best tobaccos available, and that’s on full display with the fantastic Long Live the King cigars. With a blend of long-fillers from The Dominican Republic, Nicaragua, and Peru, this blend surely utilizes some rare leaves. The other cigars in the Caldwell Collection are mellow, but this one takes a medium to full-bodied approach. Your palate will be instantly greeted with notes of earth, oak, dark chocolate, and hints of black pepper. It’s a demanding and satisfying cigar that you’ll want to give your full attention too. Long Live the King may be the best Caldwell cigar to date. ​Good news! Long Live the King has earned a well-deserved 91-point rating, noting: ""Rolled with a pigtail cap, this toro draws and burns evenly, imparting a cedary, leathery smoke that hints of cashew and leads to a tangy finish.""​",Full,"['Corona', 'Gordo', 'Toro']",Dominican,"Dominican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Corona, Gordo, Toro",No,"Corojo, Dominican",
Caldwell Collection - The King Is Dead,Rated 4 out of 5, Based on 1 Rating ,"A Kingslayer ApproachesRobert Caldwell’s premium cigar brand has been on fire since it released. On fire, cigars… get it? Alright, bad word play aside, this boutique brand has quickly built a reputation for releasing tasty, small-batch releases. Like the best bourbons, seeking Caldwell out can be a bit of a pain, but once you’ve had a great one, you can’t go back. The King is Dead is Caldwell’s second blend is a medium-bodied, complex balancing act. Every Caldwell sample I’ve had the pleasure of enjoying has burnt like an absolute champion. And The King is Dead is no different. Delivering notes of wood, earth, chocolate, spice, coffee, and a slight, nutty sweetness, you’ll enjoy every second of this handcrafted awesomeness. The price isn’t low, but with Caldwell, you really do get what you pay for. ​Good news, The King is Dead has recently earned an impressive 93-point rating, noting: ""The name is unorthodox and perhaps doesn't evoke visions of the everyday smoking experience, but this cigar combines the nuance of maple sweetness and the tonality of earth in unexpected ways.""​",Medium,"['Robusto', 'Torpedo']","Corojo, Dominican",Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Robusto, Torpedo",No,"Corojo, Dominican",
Caldwell Dos Firmas,Rated 4.89 out of 5,,"Two Signatures, One Great CigarThere are few cigar makers in the industry who have made quite as much noise as Robert Caldwell has in such a short time span. Caldwell delivers when it comes to quality and consistency in all of his blends, and I think it’s safe to say he rivals pretty much any cigar maker on the market right now. One of the brand’s newest releases is a signature blend that’s been made for years by Caldwell’s partner William Ventura. The new addition is an extension to Caldwell’s Eastern Standard Line and has been dubbed Dos Firmas, or two signatures, which refers to the pair of John Hancocks that appear on the cigar’s secondary bandThe cigar itself is built with a top secret blend of high quality, well-aged filler tobaccos that are masked by a Connecticut Shade wrapper. The end result is a smooth profile with a delightful and complex mix of tasting notes. You’ll experience hints of leather, cream, a bit of spice. Made in small batches, and crafted to perfection, Dos Firmas is sure to become a favorite for anyone who loves a classic Connecticut with a little bit of a twist.",Medium,"['Pyramid', 'Rothschild']",,,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Pyramid, Rothschild",No,Connecticut,
Caldwell Eastern Standard Habano,Rated 4.8 out of 5,,"Not your standard HabanoCaldwell Cigar Company has gained a lot of steam in the boutique cigar game in the past couple years. They pay close attention to every detail and it shows in the quality of their cigars. One of their finest blends? The Connecticut wrapped, 91-rated Eastern Standard. At the 2018 IPCPR show Caldwell debuted his second extension of the Eastern Standard line – Eastern Standard Habano.It comes dressed in a hybrid Mexican Habano wrapper overtop an Ecuadorian binder and long-fillers from the Dominican Republic and Mexico. It comes in 4 sizes that all slightly differ from the original Eastern Standard and each one excels at showcasing its intricate flavor profile. You’ll be met with notes of dark chocolate, coffee, hay and a hint of cinnamon and black pepper in a medium to full-bodied format. Caldwell’s quality standards are extremely high, you can’t go wrong with a box of these beauties. ",Medium-Full,"['Double Robusto', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Ecuador,"Dominican, Mexican",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Double Robusto, Gordo, Robusto, Toro",No,"Habano, San Andres",
Caldwell Hit and Run,Rated 5 out of 5,,"No hittin' and quittin' hereRobert Caldwell of Caldwell Cigars teamed up with Matt Booth to help Booth make his triumphant return to the cigar industry and we are all better off for it. The result is called Hit & Run and it is a smooth and sophisticated masterpiece of a blend. So what do you get when two boutique legends put their heads together? A delectable cigar, of course. Dominican built, the Caldwell Hit & Run consists of an Ecuadorian Habano wrapper and Dominican long-fillers for a naturally sweet finish with rich notes of roasted nuts and caramel. With a combination of flavors like that, this gem will surely make itself comfortable in any enthusiast’s collection. Perfectly balanced at a nice medium-bodied profile, you'll be back for more of these in no time.",Medium,"['Double Corona', 'Perfecto']",Indonesian,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Double Corona, Perfecto",No,Ecuador Habano,
Caldwell Hit and Run Part Deux (Rip and Dip),Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 1 Rating ,"They’re baaaack! They’ve done the hit and run, and now these two perps return to the scene of the crime for a good ol’ fashioned sequel. That’s right, boys, today we’re checking out the Hit and Run Part Deux (Rip and Dip) from Robert Caldwell and Matt Booth, and this latest limited edition release from the Room101 and Caldwell founders is sure to be one for the history books. Handmade by Tabacalera William Ventura, the home of many of Caldwell’s releases and the original Hit and Run, Part Deux (Rip & Dip) is a gorgeous gem. Offered in the same style 10-count box of its predecessor, Hit and Run Part Deux features a tri-country mixture of long-filler tobaccos. The DR, Nicaragua, and the good ol’ U.S. combine to create a bolder profile than the original cigar, brimming with tons of rich spice, leather, and natural tobacco charm.",Medium,"['Churchill', 'Corona', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",,"Dominican, Nicaraguan, United States",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Corona, Robusto, Toro",No,Habano,
Caldwell Long Live the King Mad MF,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 5 Ratings ,"You mad? Years ago, Robert Caldwell (the owner and operator of Caldwell cigars) told us his purpose was to go wherever he had to in order to find the most exotic flavors he could. A tough order to fill, for sure. But in the years since his statement, Robert has continued to deliver. Today, Caldwell stands tall as one of the best-selling and best-reviewed boutique brands in our catalog, and his latest release will no doubt strengthen that rep. Welcome, LLTK Mad MF. The Caldwell Collection Long Live the King – Mad MF is a limited edition release under this most-popular flagship brand of Caldwell’s. Utilizing a spicy, Mexican San Andres wrapper leaf atop Indonesian binder and Corojo ’98 and PA double ligero fillers, calling this one full-bodied would be an understatement. It’s uber-rich and dark, with each puff producing tons of milk chocolate, black pepper, oak, and leathery notes. ",Medium-Full,"['Belicoso', 'Corona', 'Gordo', 'Toro']",,"Dominican, Nicaraguan, United States",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Belicoso, Corona, Gordo, Toro",No,San Andres,
Caldwell Lost & Found El Systematico,Rated 5 out of 5,,"You can’t beat The System, but you can burn it!Deep within the aging rooms of the world’s top cigar factories, bundles lie hidden. Fantastic cigars, rolled in super-small batches, just waiting to be rediscovered and brought to light. Calling out for cigar fans to give them the cut & light they deserve. Robert Caldwell has heard that call, and brings us yet another small-batch limited edition Lost & Found line from parts unknown. Presenting: Lost & Found El Systematico.1,500 El Systematico cigars were found in just one size, a perfectly crafted 7”x39 lancero. A luscious Costa Rican wrapper leaf covers an undisclosed binder, over a blend of Honduran and Costa-Rican long-fillers, and produces a medium-bodied profile bursting with flavor. You’ll get pepper, cedar, coffee, and a slight floral sweetness. Rolled in 2013, only 300 5-packs were released, so grab yours ASAP and don’t miss out!",Medium,['Lancero'],,"Costa Rican, Honduran",False,,More Details,,False,,Lancero,False,Costa Rican,
Caldwell Lost & Found Holy Braille,Rated 4.67 out of 5,,"What was lost, now is found.Among the swaths of delicious cigars that make it into full production, there are small batches of custom-made cigars or test blends that never end up seeing the light of day. Deep within the aging rooms of the most prolific factories, delicious boutique cigars wait for the day when they’re rediscovered and given the appreciation they deserve. Great cigars the world over calling out for someone to bring them into the world and into the hands of everyday cigar lovers like you and me. Robert Caldwell has heard that call, and presents to us the Lost & Found series.The Lost & Found Holy Braille was rolled by an undisclosed factory in the Dominican Republic, and blended by Francisco “Chico” Rivas, of Quesada fame. This cigar is 100% Dominican, from the 2008 Vintage Habana HVA wrapper all the way down to the well-aged long-fillers. As soon as you light a Holy Braille, you’ll notice a rich, unique profile only achievable through masterful blending and patient aging. Full-flavored notes of cedar, earth, barnyard, and chocolate are produced by the excellent burn from start to finish, and the agreeable aroma will pique the interest of anyone in the immediate vicinity. This is a must-try cigar, released in extremely limited quantities. Never again will this blend be seen on the market, so stock up today before they disappear!",Medium,['Toro'],Dominican,Dominican,False,,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,Toro,No,"Dominican, Habano",
Caldwell Lost & Found La Whatever,Rated 5 out of 5,,"I'll have Whatever!Caldwell’s Lost & Found Series is as eclectic as they come. Consisting of single batches of top-shelf cigars lost in the aging rooms of some of the world’s top cigar factories, most of the details about Lost & Found releases are undisclosed. But the flavors are absolutely something to write home about, and the packaging is always creative & entertaining.The Caldwell Lost & Found La Whatever might not have a fancy name, but it does have top-quality tobacco and flavor to spare, owing to the sun-grown wrapper glistening with oils. Beneath this beautiful leaf is a Sumatran binder and well-aged long-fillers sourced from Nicaragua and the Dominican Republic. Medium-full in body and loaded with toast, cocoa, and sweet spices throughout, the name of this highly limited release might sound like a joke, but the Caldwell Lost & Found La Whatever is a seriously good blend. ",Medium,"['Corona', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Indonesian,"Dominican, Nicaraguan",False,,More Details,,No,,"Corona, Robusto, Toro",No,Sun Grown,
Caldwell Lost & Found One Night Stand,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 1 Rating ,"Cigars with benefits.Every cigar you buy has spent part of its life in a Spanish cedar-lined aging room before it makes its way into to market. Factories roll massive amounts of cigars at a time, and their aging rooms need to be vast to accommodate their inventory. In these huge rooms, among the hundreds of bundles of cigars, there are some that were custom-rolled as experiments or special projects and forgotten, left to age patiently, waiting to be discovered. Robert Caldwell’s Lost & Found project seeks to rediscover these blends and give them the attention they deserve. Among the newest Lost & Found releases is a familiar name, in an all-new size.One Night Stand was among the very first Lost & Found releases back when the series was known as ‘Impromptu’, but instead of the original corona gorda size, the new version comes in a classic 5”x50 robusto. And the blend details? This baby is all Corojo, from the wrapper down to the well-aged long-fillers. 320 10-packs were found, aging since 2010, so don’t miss your chance to enjoy the medium-bodied profile of toast, earth, and cedar that you’ll only get from the Caldwell Lost & Found One Night Stand.",Medium,['Robusto'],Corojo,,False,,More Details,,No,,Robusto,No,Corojo,
Caldwell Lost & Found Paradise Lost,Rated 5 out of 5,,"A rare moment of pure bliss.If you’re on the lookout for a high-end, limited edition cigar with a few years of good age on it, you could join some elite club and pony up big bucks, or you could pick up a Caldwell Lost & Found Paradise Lost! The Lost & Found Series consists of high-end cigars rolled in small batches by the world’s top manufacturers, that were tucked away in an aging room & forgotten. The special tobaccos used and the perfect aging conditions make these cigars truly special, and something you don’t want to miss.2306 Paradise Lost Cigars rolled in the year 2014 were found, rebranded with an illustration of Robert Caldwell & Matt Booth walking along a romantic beach, and packed in 10-count packs and boxes. Choose from three different sizes, all wearing a Habano wrapper over Sumatra binder and long-fillers from Nicaragua and the Dominican Republic, and all featuring creamy, smooth notes of cocoa, pepper, and toast. Grab a box today, and experience the taste you can only get from fine, well-aged handmades.",Medium,"['Corona Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Sumatra,"Dominican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Corona Gordo, Robusto, Toro",No,Habano,
Caldwell Lost & Found Pepper Cream Soda,Rated 5 out of 5,,"Fresh and refreshing!The Lost & Found Series is an ambitious project by Robert Caldwell, with the mission of rediscovering forgotten batches of cigars in the aging rooms of some of the world’s top boutique cigar factories. Short runs of cigars rolled as custom orders or experiments, tucked away in perfect conditions, waiting for their chance to hit the market and delight cigar fans everywhere. The Pepper Cream Soda is the newest blend discovered by Caldwell, and while you may have heard the name before, it’s back with a new blend in an all-new size.A total of 3,200 of the 5.5”x48 Pepper Cream Soda cigars were found resting since 2010, packaged in paper-wrapped packs of 10. As for the blend, an Ecuador-grown Brazilian-seed Arapiraca wrapper sits atop a Piloto binder and Dominican HVA and Habano long-fillers. Medium-bodied but satisfying complex, the Pepper Cream Soda delivers crisp notes of coffee, toast, and cedar, with a pleasantly sweet finish. These won’t be around long, so grab a 10-pack today, sit back, and relax with a pack of Pepper Cream Soda! ",Medium-Full,['Corona Gordo'],Dominican,Dominican,False,,More Details,,False,,Corona Gordo,False,Ecuador Sungrown,
Caldwell Savages,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 1 Rating ,"A Savage KingCaldwell Savages was originally released in 2016 as a limited edition cigar in just one specially crafted size – a 6” x 46 Corona Extra. It was also an extension to the 91-rated Long live the King blend from the Caldwell Collection. After much praise it has received some additional sizes in the lineup and regular production for more to enjoy. The blend for Savages has been kept a secret, but we do know that it uses a Habano wrapper. While the Long Live The King blend was one of Caldwell’s most full-bodied releases, Savages takes it back a notch, falling in the middle of the spectrum. But the flavor is still there, in true Caldwell fashion, this cigar is incredibly rich, complex, well-balanced, smooth and enjoyable any time of day. We get notes of earth, pepper, leather, nuts and some coffee. If you some of Caldwells other lines, or are just looking for a flavorful new blend, this boutique beauty will not disappoint. ",Medium,"['Corona Extra', 'Double Corona', 'Pyramid', 'Rothschild', 'Toro']",,,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Corona Extra, Double Corona, Pyramid, Rothschild, Toro",No,Habano,
Caldwell The Last Tsar,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 3 Ratings ,"A new LE from CaldwellIf you’re a fan of boutique cigars, you’ve likely heard of Robert Caldwell and his line of premium handmades. These are exclusively available to the ‘First 49’, a group of retailers who have supported, and continued to support Caldwell in his ventures. Limited to just 500 boxes of 10, The Last Tsar is currently offered only in a Churchill vitola, although they plan to add another size later in the year. This one’s dressed in a Connecticut Arapiraca maduro wrapper, which is a hybrid leaf not found on almost any other cigars on the market. They didn’t announce the fillers, but what I can tell you is that this cigar is chock-full of delicious flavors of cedar, cocoa, and pepper. The price on this one is a bit rich for my blood, but it is a real treat that is perfect for any celebratory occasion. ​",Full,"['Belicoso', 'Churchill', 'Corona', 'Toro']",,,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Belicoso, Churchill, Corona, Toro",No,Connecticut,
Caldwell The T,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 2 Ratings ,"Ain't that the Truth!Can you handle The Truth? I certainly hope so, because this new collaborative blend from Robert Caldwell, Matt Booth, and AJ Fernandez is an impressive creation and one you should grab as quickly as possible. A new cigar from any of these three industry legends is cause for attention. A collaboration between all three is set to blow the dial right off the cigar Richter scale. With a Nicaraguan Maduro wrapper holding perfectly-aged Nicaraguan long-fillers, this  Nicaraguan puro elicits boldness and spice with notes of dark chocolate and leather for a surprisingly smooth finish. All the innovation you'd expect from these three industry titans is on full display here — AJ finds the best Nicaraguan tobacco, Caldwell balances it all out, and Matt Booth lends his eye for design. In short, The T is the truth, and that's what's up.Good news! The T has earned an impressive 91-point rating, noting ""Dark and alluring, this box-pressed cigar has a lush draw and even burn. Rich notes of chocolate and almond paste are elevated by touches of coffee bean and anise. The finish is sweet.""",Medium-Full,"['Lonsdale', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,Yes,,"Lonsdale, Robusto, Toro",No,Nicaraguan,
Caldwell The T Connecticut,Rated 4 out of 5, Based on 1 Rating ,"You can’t handle the truth! When Robert Caldwell, Matt Booth, and A.J. Fernandez announced they’d be teaming up on a cigar, the hype train officially ran off the rails. The cigar, as expected, was fantastic, and at the 2018 IPCPR show Caldwell announced a follow-up to The T. That’s right boys, today we shine the spotlight on one of the hottest boutique Connecticut releases in years: The T Connecticut. Produced under the incredibly strict quality control standards of A.J. Fernandez at his world-renowned factory in Esteli, Nicaragua, Caldwell The T Connecticut is a fitting follow-up to the original blend. To craft this cigar, each torcedor utilizes a stunning Ecuadorian Connecticut wrapper leaf above Nicaraguan binder and long-fillers. Toasting it, you’ll find cedar and slight coffee notes with a strong spice and nuttiness underneath. ",Mellow-Medium,"['Corona', 'Double Robusto', 'Short Robusto', 'Toro']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,Yes,,"Corona, Double Robusto, Short Robusto, Toro",No,Ecuador Connecticut,
Caldwell The T Habano,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 1 Rating ,"The T will set you free!Ladies and gentlemen, the dream team is back, and their latest creation is even better than the last. Three of the greatest minds in the cigar industry: Matt Booth, Robert Caldwell, and AJ Fernandez have once again teamed up for an all-new addition to their The T line. Fans were delighted by the heavy, chocolaty The T Maduro, and fell in love with the smooth, buttery nuances of The T Connecticut, and now the trilogy is complete. Introducing: The T Habano.Produced in Nicaragua at the incomparable Tabacalera Fernandez, The T Habano is a Nicaraguan Puro wearing a sultry Habano Sun-Grown wrapper blanketing carefully blended long-fillers, which, when ignited, produce a bounty of medium-full bodied complexity and spicy flavors of bread, caramel, leather, and cedar. In theory, these three powerhouse cigar manufacturers should be bitter rivals. But in reality, their strong spirit of collaboration ends up working for everyone, and brings us great cigars we can't help but reach for again and again.",Medium-Full,"['Corona Gordo', 'Double Robusto', 'Short Robusto', 'Toro']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Corona Gordo, Double Robusto, Short Robusto, Toro",No,"Habano, Sun Grown",
Caldwell Young Savages,Rated 4.67 out of 5,,"A bit smaller, but no less Savage.In 2014, Caldwell released the Long Live the King, and earned their place in cigar history. The packaging was striking and the blends were top-notch, and the mastermind Robert Caldwell capitalized on that success with a follow-up release: the Savages. The Savages used a Habano wrapper over an undisclosed blend very similar to the Long Live the King, and the success of the release became apparent when it sold out the same day it was released. Now we welcome the Savages’ little brother, the Young Savages.Young Savages uses the same undisclosed filler blend as the original and is draped in the same exquisite Habano wrapper, but in more compact sizes. These chunky little gems are chock-full of honey and pepper notes, with an interesting fruity sweetness that keep this savage very well-behaved on your taste buds. Going by the popularity of the original Savages line, it’s not a stretch to say these will probably be back ordered soon, so tame the Young Savage before it gets away from you!",Medium,"['Corona', 'Gordo']",Indonesian,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Corona, Gordo",No,"Ecuador Habano, Habano",
Camacho American Barrel Aged,Rated 4.54 out of 5, Based on 90 Ratings ,"​Camacho delivers an American classic.New innovations are seen a lot in the cigar industry. Everyone is trying to up the ante in one way or another. Some are flush and some are bust, but it never hinders manufacturers from giving it a go. But here, we have an absolute homerun for team innovation. Camacho has been thinking outside the box for some time now, and with the cigar at hand, they pulled a Babe Ruth and knocked this one straight out of the park. Enter, Camacho’s newest innovation, American Barrel Aged. Utilizing nearly 100% American leaves, Camacho Barrel Aged boasts a bold, oily Pennsylvania Broadleaf wrapper with American Broadleaf tobaccos also making appearances in the binder and filler tobaccos. The key to the blend comes in the form of a special Corojo filler leaf that’s aged for 6 years, only to be additionally stored in bourbon barrels to impart a truly unique flavor to an already stellar blend. The first Camacho to be produced in Davidoff of Geneva's prestigious Dominican factory, American Barrel Aged showcases bold notes of pepper, cashew, and sweet spices that are accented by a slight undertone of bourbon to deliver a blend you won’t soon forget.  ​",Medium-Full,"['Gordo', 'Perfecto', 'Robusto', 'Toro']","Connecticut Broadleaf, Pennsylvania Broadleaf","Dominican, Honduran, United States",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Gordo, Perfecto, Robusto, Toro",No,"Connecticut Broadleaf, Pennsylvania Broadleaf",Camacho
Camacho BG Meyer Standard Issue,Rated 4.5 out of 5, Based on 20 Ratings ,"BG Meyer…If you haven’t heard about the BG Meyer Standard Issue cigar, don’t worry. I am here to impart some knowledge. “What is a BG Meyer,” you may be asking yourself? Not a hot dog, but the newest addition to the already stunning arsenal that is Camacho Cigars. In a monumental revamping effort, Camacho created the “Board of the Bold,” a star-studded cast of brand directors including Mike Ditka, Matt Booth, and the person behind the BG Meyer Company, Rob Weiss. Rob Weiss is well-known in the cinema industry as one of the writers and producers on the hit HBO series, “Entourage!” I never heard of him, but he’s got a Wikipedia…and that’s proof enough for me. Plus, the cigar’s pretty damn tasty. So that’s that. BG Meyer’s Standard Issue stays true to the “Board of the Bold” name, delivering a medium-full bodied experience. A true gem, rare Dominican fillers are nestled within a Dominican binder. To cap it all off, an exquisite Ecuador Connecticut wrapper is draped over top, producing notes of wood, vanilla bean, and sweet spices. It’s like hobnobbing with the rich and famous of Hollywood, just a little better tasting. ",Medium-Full,['Corona'],Dominican,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,Corona,No,Ecuador Connecticut,Camacho
Camacho Check Six LE '16,Rated 4.31 out of 5,,"Camacho’s got your sixCamacho Check Six is a cigar that demands immediate respect. Some things are bigger than cigars, and Check Six pays homage to the bold individuals who work to protect our freedom every single day. This blend is about honoring the brave men who make up the United States Armed Forces, and the best damn country on Earth. For that reason alone, the second release in Camacho’s Brotherhood Series immediately earns my seal of approval. Inside the cigar is a tri-country blend of original Corojo, San Vicente and Criollo tobaccos. These Nicaraguan, Dominican, and Honduran long-fillers combine to create a medium to full-bodied experience that brings red pepper, peanut, leather, bready notes, and a bit of vegetal flavors to the palate. Wrapped underneath an Ecuador Habana 2000 wrapper, Camacho Check Six is a gorgeous, delicious cigar with an awesome inspiration. And that’s something we can all get behind. ​",Medium-Full,['Toro'],Criollo '98,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,Toro,No,Habana 2000,Camacho
Camacho Connecticut,Rated 4.66 out of 5, Based on 71 Ratings ,"​More modest, but no less intense.It’s no easy task to scale back on strength without losing complexity and flavor. Lesser men have tried and failed. But the fine folks at Camacho have been around the block a few times....evidenced by their portfolio of 90+ rated blends and legions of devoted fans....and they know how to construct a damn good cigar. So it’s no surprise that they easily conquered this challenge.Camacho Connecticut is balanced and smooth, but also features a bold flavor profile that keeps things interesting. Boasting an Ecuadorian Connecticut wrapper, an authentic Corojo binder, and a perfect blend of Honduran and Dominican Aleman ligero long-fillers, you can expect a spicy kick that’s not too overwhelming. Referred to as a “utility cigar,” this is the handmade you’ll want to keep on hand for everyday use. Camacho Connecticut received a well-deserved 90-rating noting: ""Perfectly symmetric in appearance, this pyramid has a bit of an airy draw. Initial acidity passes and the smokes takes on a creamy character with hints of citrus and sweet espresso.""",,"['Churchill', 'Cigarillos', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",,"Dominican, Honduran",False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,"Churchill, Cigarillos, Gordo, Robusto, Toro",No,"Connecticut, Ecuador Connecticut",Camacho
Camacho Connecticut BXP,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 3 Ratings ,"Smooth, box-y, and intensely delicious. Camacho has long been known for thinking outside the box. But for their newest innovation, they’re proving that sometimes it’s hip to be square. The idea is simple — take three of Camacho’s best-selling and well-loved blends and give them a healthy box-press. The result — a series of new, bold offerings that keep the same qualities you’ve come to love, while offering a new, richer experience. The Camacho Connecticut BXP is as balanced and smooth as its rounder, 90-rated counterpart, with all the boldness you’ve come to expect from the Camacho brand. An Ecuadorian Connecticut wrapper sits atop Corojo binder and the perfect mixture of Honduran and Dominican long-fillers to deliver just enough spice to wake up your palate. Great for experienced aficionados and newbies alike, Camacho Connecticut BXP is a real treat.",Mellow-Medium,"['Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Corojo,"Dominican, Honduran",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,Varies,,"Gordo, Robusto, Toro",Varies,Connecticut,Camacho
Camacho Corojo,Rated 4.45 out of 5, Based on 44 Ratings ,"​Camacho's new classic.Camacho has managed to do something that no other cigar company can lay claim to...the recreation of Cuban conditions on non-Cuban soils. Impossible, some say, but that’s before they try a puff of these fine blends. Using a combination of authentic Cuban-seeds and the ideal location, the Jamastran Valley of Honduras, Camacho manages to harness the one thing that you didn’t even know you were missing. The magic ingredient, if you will. The tobacco holy grail.That’s Camacho Corojo in a nutshell, an everyday treasure that was crafted with the true cigar aficionado in mind. Made with a super high-grade, fifth priming Corojo wrapper leaf, this fine specimen aims to please and succeeds with ease. Beneath the covers, an authentic Corojo binder and bevy of three primings of Corojo long-fillers complete the mix. Smooth, classic, well-aged, and well-constructed, Corojo is everything you need it to be....and more.​Camacho Corojo received a well-deserved 90-rating noting: ""A nicely crafted figurado with superb texture to the wrapper. It smokes beautifully. It has complex flavors including sweet wood, cedar, walnuts, and leather and steel. Medium to full bodied.""",Full,"['Churchill', 'Cigarillos', 'Gigante', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Corojo,Honduran,False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,"Churchill, Cigarillos, Gigante, Gordo, Robusto, Toro",No,Corojo,Camacho
Camacho Corojo BXP,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 1 Rating ,"What’s old is new again. Camacho has long been known for changing up the game. Their first innovation? Recreating Cuban growing conditions on non-Cuban soils. That smooth, bold flavor profile provided by their Cuban-esque tobaccos is what made the original Camacho blends so popular. And now, they’ve pushed the envelope again by box-pressing their most popular selections. Enter Camacho Corojo BXP: a bolder, edgier take on the 90-rated classic. An everyday treasure that’s crafted with the true aficionado in mind. Made with a super high-grade, fifth priming Corojo wrapper leaf, this cigar impresses from the first glance. The blend here is the same as the OG Corojo, with a slight addition of Broadleaf in the filler toabccos, plus the addition of the soft-pressing, of course. Sweet wood, cedar, walnuts, leather, and a nice hit of black pepper coat the palate on every puff down to the cool nub. ",Full,"['Robusto', 'Toro']",Corojo,"Honduran, United States",False,No,More Details,Honduras,Varies,,"Robusto, Toro",Varies,Corojo,Camacho
Camacho Coyolar,Rated 4.33 out of 5, Based on 6 Ratings ,"Coyolar(e) you going to try this new Camacho? For years now, cigar enthusiasts seeking the boldest of the bold, the richest of the rich, have flocked their ways to Camacho. Indeed, those who have felt the stung of this scorpion are most imbued with love for the brand, constantly stocking up to make sure their humidor never runs low. And for good reason. The Camacho brand has been one of the industry’s standards for quality and consistency for well over a decade, and that won’t change any time soon.Now before you think I’m trying to pull a fast one on you: Camacho Coyolar isn’t technically “new.” Originally grown on a 15-acre farm at the base of the mountain that joins Nicaragua and Honduras, Coyolar was on the market for years before mysteriously disappearing. But now, we can all rejoice, as Coyolar has made its triumphant return, sporting the same exact blend as the original. It may have a new coat of paint, but this one’s a tried and true blend — rich, bold, and incredibly full-bodied, Coyolar delivers heaping doses of oak, leather, and bitter espresso. A must try for fans of bold blends, Coyolar belongs in your rotation. ",Medium-Full,"['Figurado', 'Gordo', 'Perfecto', 'Rothschild', 'Toro']",Honduran,Honduran,False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,"Figurado, Gordo, Perfecto, Rothschild, Toro",No,Honduran,Camacho
Camacho Criollo,Rated 4.31 out of 5, Based on 35 Ratings ,"​Say hello to Criollo. Camacho Criollo lives up to its fabled reputation of getting a whole lotta bang for your buck. Widely regarded as being ""as close to Cuba as you can get,"" Camacho cigars celebrate a long and illustrious tradition of pleasing the most grizzled enthusiasts.Criollo is a welcomed page in Camacho's book. Thanks to serving up a satisfying medium-bodied array of spicy-sweet undertones, there's a lot to look forward to. Featuring a gorgeous fourth priming Criollo ’98 wrapper and a balanced blend of Honduran and Dominican-grown Piloto Cubano long-fillers, it's got plenty of gusto too, but without all the knee-knocking strength Camacho is known for. That means you can get behind the wheel of this handmade almost any time of day. As my feeble minded co-worker likes to say, ""you can savor the flavor all day long.""Camacho Criollo Figurado received a well-deserved 92-point rating noting: ""Draped in an eye-catching Colorado wrapper, this well-rolled torpedo smokes perfectly, imparting profound cocoa notes, earthiness and savory leather.""",,"['Churchill', 'Cigarillos', 'Gigante', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",,"Dominican, Honduran",False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,"Churchill, Cigarillos, Gigante, Robusto, Toro",No,Criollo,Camacho
Camacho Diploma Black Special Selection,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 1 Rating ,"The Black Tie DiplomaEvery cigar produced by Camacho lives up to their stringent quality control standards, which is the way they’ve been doing business since the beginning way back in 1961. They’re committed to only using the best tobacco in all their product lines, but their Special Selection releases are on another level entirely. Released in a slightly different blend & package every year, in highly limited quantities, Special Selection Camachos contain only their absolute top-tier tobacco, and are rolled by the five best pairs of cigar makers in Camacho’s factory. We’re proud to introduce the latest Special Selection: The Diploma Black.Camacho Diploma Black Special Selection comes in just one 5” x 50 robusto size, rolled in a batch of 1800 boxes of 18 cigars. This small-batch release consists entirely of Honduran tobacco, and is packaged in striking, high-gloss triangular coffins. As for the flavors, these beauties pump out medium-bodied, toasty-smooth nuances of earth, cedar, baking spices, and leather. This is a release you won’t want to miss, so don’t wait until the next Special Selection release to pull the trigger. Add the Dimploma Black to your collection today while supplies last!",Full,['Robusto'],Corojo,Honduran,False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,Robusto,No,"Honduran, Maduro",Camacho
Camacho Distillery Edition - Connecticut,Rated 4.54 out of 5,,"A new day for authentic Corojo.Camacho fans know there’s a little something different about the brand that truly sets them apart from their competition. The bold, complex flavors are like no other, and this is because Camacho is one of the only brands to use real, authentic, pre-1997 Cuban-seed Corojo in their blends. This leaf is what ensured their success and longevity, but now Camacho is kicking it up a notch. They took the rare leaf and aged it for 6 months in charred bourbon barrels to draw out even more flavor and complexity, and called it the Camacho Distillery Edition.The Distillery Edition comes in just one 6” x 50 toro size with your choice of three familiar, but amped-up blends. The Connecticut, Corojo, and Ecuador have all been meticulously reblended, all utilizing the sweet, complex barrel-aged Corojo, adding a whole new dimension to the flavor profiles you know & love. Connecticut: An Ecuador Connecticut wrapper overtop a Corojo binder and long-fillers containing Dominican ligero and barrel-aged Corojo, producing a medium-bodied profile of spice, cream, and nuts, with an oaky sweetness.If you’re already a fan of Camacho’s great blends, picking up a box of these should be a no-brainer. If you’re still on the fence, you won’t regret trying them out when you taste the profile that can only come from these rare leaves carefully processed and rolled by the company that does it best. And of course, they all go great with a glass of bourbon!",Medium,['Toro'],Corojo,"Dominican, Honduran",False,,More Details,Honduras,False,,Toro,False,Ecuador Connecticut,Camacho
Camacho Distillery Edition - Corojo,Rated 4.54 out of 5,,"A new day for authentic Corojo.Camacho fans know there’s a little something different about the brand that truly sets them apart from their competition. The bold, complex flavors are like no other, and this is because Camacho is one of the only brands to use real, authentic, pre-1997 Cuban-seed Corojo in their blends. This leaf is what ensured their success and longevity, but now Camacho is kicking it up a notch. They took the rare leaf and aged it for 6 months in charred bourbon barrels to draw out even more flavor and complexity, and called it the Camacho Distillery Edition.The Distillery Edition comes in just one 6” x 50 toro size with your choice of three familiar, but amped-up blends. The Connecticut, Corojo, and Ecuador have all been meticulously reblended, all utilizing the sweet, complex barrel-aged Corojo, adding a whole new dimension to the flavor profiles you know & love. Corojo: A Honduran Corojo puro, using a ligero wrapper, barrel-aged binder, and ligero, seco, and viso long-fillers. Full-bodied, bold, and complex, pumps out toasty, spicy notes of earth, caramel, and leather.If you’re already a fan of Camacho’s great blends, picking up a box of these should be a no-brainer. If you’re still on the fence, you won’t regret trying them out when you taste the profile that can only come from these rare leaves carefully processed and rolled by the company that does it best. And of course, they all go great with a glass of bourbon!",Full,['Toro'],Corojo,Honduran,False,,More Details,Honduras,False,,Toro,False,Corojo,Camacho
Camacho Distillery Edition - Ecuador,Rated 4.54 out of 5,,"A new day for authentic Corojo.Camacho fans know there’s a little something different about the brand that truly sets them apart from their competition. The bold, complex flavors are like no other, and this is because Camacho is one of the only brands to use real, authentic, pre-1997 Cuban-seed Corojo in their blends. This leaf is what ensured their success and longevity, but now Camacho is kicking it up a notch. They took the rare leaf and aged it for 6 months in charred bourbon barrels to draw out even more flavor and complexity, and called it the Camacho Distillery Edition.The Distillery Edition comes in just one 6” x 50 toro size with your choice of three familiar, but amped-up blends. The Connecticut, Corojo, and Ecuador have all been meticulously reblended, all utilizing the sweet, complex barrel-aged Corojo, adding a whole new dimension to the flavor profiles you know & love. Ecuador: Barrel-aged Corojo is joined by Dominican Pelo de Oro for the filler blend, and lays beneath a Brazilian Mata Fina binder and Ecuador Habano wrapper. Features medium-full bodied notes of citrus, toast, oak, and cream, with a spicy, floral finish. If you’re already a fan of Camacho’s great blends, picking up a box of these should be a no-brainer. If you’re still on the fence, you won’t regret trying them out when you taste the profile that can only come from these rare leaves carefully processed and rolled by the company that does it best. And of course, they all go great with a glass of bourbon!",Medium-Full,['Toro'],Brazil,"Dominican, Honduran",False,,More Details,Honduras,False,,Toro,False,Ecuador Habano,Camacho
Camacho Ditka Game Time,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 2 Ratings ,"What time is it?For Camacho Cigars, it’s always Game Time. Some of the best, boldest blends wear the Camacho band, so who better to produce a cigar for a man with such exacting standards as Mike Ditka? Ditka won’t put his name on anything unless he believes in it, and when he believes in something, the result is always extraordinary. After having brought us the Ditka Signature and a few other limited edition lines, Game Time is set to be the newest addition to the Ditka-Camacho portfolio. The Ditka Game Time is a rousing blend of Dominican long-fillers inside a Corojo binder, and dressed in a silky Honduran Criollo wrapper. Coming in just one chunky 6.5” x 54 size, this stick is as big and bold as the man himself, and the complex yet balanced medium-bodied profile will have you fired up like a locker-room pep-talk. When you have a box of Ditka Game Time on hand, you’ll be ready for Game Time any time. ",Medium-Full,['Gigante'],,"Brazilian, Dominican, Honduran",False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,Gigante,No,Nicaraguan,
Camacho Ecuador,Rated 4.52 out of 5, Based on 61 Ratings ,"​Score one for Ecuador!Camacho Ecuador — quite simply, one of Camacho's finest offerings. This blend really has it all, from an intriguing, invigorating flavor profile to a mix of well-chosen tobacco leaves. Plus, the intensity: though it weighs in just above a medium-body, the flavor is incredibyl rich, with a long and unique finish you won't soon forget. Topped with a choice Ecuadorian Habano wrapper leaf, a Brazilian binder, and a blend of long fillers from Honduras and the Dominican, Camacho Ecuador is the total package. The flavors are thrilling, and include tones of pepper with light floral and citrus notes for balance. Go right ahead and light one up for yourself – you’ll be so glad you did.Camacho Ecuador received a well-deserved 91-rating noting: ""This attractive torpedo starts with an upfront punch of coffee and chocolate before taking on touches of sweet graham cracker and molasses.""",Medium-Full,"['Churchill', 'Figurado', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Brazil,"Dominican, Honduran",False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,"Churchill, Figurado, Gordo, Robusto, Toro",No,Ecuador Habano,Camacho
Camacho Ecuador BXP,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 1 Rating ,"You won’t be hard-pressed to find something to love here. What motivates someone to reblend a 91-rated, beloved classic? For the Camacho BXP series, it was the goal of delivering an even more refined experience. Dylan Austin, VP of Camacho, explained that in creating the new BXP version of their popular blends he decided to add more broadleaf to each filler blend. The result, he says? An intense taste experience. And intense is the right word. A medium to full-bodied palate of pepper, light floral notes and citrus undertones is mixed with a hit of black pepper to give you a thrilling experience like no other. This is a cigar that performs exceptionally cigar after cigar. Meaning you can stock up your humidor with tons of Ecuador BXPs and know you’ve always got a dependably delicious cigar at hand. ",Medium-Full,"['Gordo', 'Robusto']",Brazil,"Dominican, Honduran, Varied",False,No,More Details,Honduras,Varies,,"Gordo, Robusto",Varies,"Ecuador Habano, Habano",Camacho
Camacho Hard Charger LE 2018,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 4 Ratings ,"Always ahead of the pack.On today’s episode of “Cigars That Live up to Their Names”: the Camacho Hard Charger LE 2018. This heady release is part of the Camacho Brotherhood Series, a family of highly limited blends that pay homage to the defenders of America’s freedom. So what’s under the hood? Camacho Hard Charger was inspired by the US Marines, and starts with a Connecticut Broadleaf wrapper over Camacho’s signature original Corojo long-fillers. As soon as you light up, you’re greeted by a charge of black pepper notes over cedar, espresso bean, and cocoa, with a subtle power that makes for a perfect herfing experience. Grab a box today, because the release was limited to just 1500 boxes of 20 cigars. Oorah!",Medium-Full,['Toro'],Corojo,,False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,Toro,No,"Connecticut Broadleaf, Maduro",Camacho
Camacho Imperial Stout,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 2 Ratings ,"Beer, bourbon, and cigars. These are a few of my favorite things.If you’re into craft beer, you might have heard of the Oskar Blues Brewery in Colorado. I know I have, and their Ten Fidy Stout is in my regular rotation. So of course, when I heard they were releasing a special edition beer aged in bourbon barrels, I was excited, to say the least. But when I heard that Camacho, one of my personal favorite brands, was making a cigar aged in the spent bourbon barrels after Oskar Blues used to them for one of my favorite beers? I couldn’t contain myself. And I couldn’t wait to share it with the world.The blend starts with Camacho’s famous original Corojo tobacco, aged patiently in the beer-soaked bourbon barrels for a minimum of 6 months. The filler is then rounded out by Brazilian and Dominican tobacco, secured with a Honduran Corojo binder, and finished with a beautifully oily and rich Mexican San Andres wrapper, resulting in a veritable feast for the senses. This cigar comes in just one size, a 6”x 50 toro, and is brimming with notes of malty beer, rich caramel, oak, leather, and spice, creating a flavor profile the likes of which you haven’t seen before and may not see ever again. My favorite things in the world are beer, bourbon, and cigars, so if you’re anything like me, you’ll be jumping on these before they’re gone! ",Medium-Full,['Toro'],Corojo,"Brazilian, Dominican, Honduran",False,,More Details,Honduras,False,,Toro,False,San Andres,
Camacho Liberty 2012 Throwback,Rated 4.66 out of 5,,"The Liberty is back!Starting in 2002, Camacho has released an annual limited edition cigar called the Liberty. Predating the iconic scorpion labels, the Liberty has stood since its inception as one of the most highly sought-after cigars in the world. It’s also one of the rarest, with annual production being limited to 2000 boxes. Now the Liberty is back, and the blend hearkens back to one of the finest Liberty releases to date. The Camacho Liberty 2012 Throwback comes packed in a beautiful humidor-quality box containing 20 individually-numbered coffins with the cigars inside in the signature 11/18 perfecto shape. These beauties are comprised of nothing but the best well-aged Honduran Corojo leaves, and weigh in at medium-full body with notes of toasty earth, cream, spice, and cedar in perfect balance. A piece of Camacho’s history and one of the greatest cigars on the planet are right at your fingertips, so pull the trigger and proclaim your Liberty! The Camacho Liberty 2012 Throwback has been awarded a well-deserved 91-point rating, noting ""Tapered at both ends with a bulge in the middle, this figurado draws effortlessly, layering the palate with notes of leather, dark chocolate and nuts. Hints of saffron and caramel add balance and complexity.""",Medium-Full,['Perfecto'],Honduran,Honduran,False,False,More Details,Honduras,No,,Perfecto,No,Corojo,Camacho
Camacho Liberty Series 2020,Rated 4.66 out of 5,,"Long live Liberty!For 18 years now, Camacho has released an annual limited edition cigar right around the 4th of July holiday called the Liberty Series, honoring the birth of and celebrating the history of the United States. Predating the iconic scorpion labels, the Liberty Series has stood since its inception as one of the most highly sought-after cigars in the world. It’s also one of the rarest, with annual production being limited to a few thousand boxes only. For the first time since the start, the Liberty Series 2020 is not a throwback edition! Instead, Camacho has created a brand new blend created specifically for this year's release. Packaged inside a gorgeous patriotic inspired, humidor quality box, sit 20 box-pressed gordo (6"" x 60) sized cigars, all nestled within their own individual coffins. Comprised of four different tobacco primings from the same farm and vintage, the Liberty Series 2020 takes a Honduran Corojo binder and marries it with both Honduran and Dominican Corojo fillers, then adds a delicious Ecadorian Habano wrapper to produce an extremely satisfying medium to full-bodied experience filled with notes of sweet wood, cedar, walnuts, leather, and earth. Let's be honest, 2020 has already been a crazy year. Don't miss the opportunity to snatch up a piece of this year's more preferable history, purchase your box of Liberty Series 2020 today! ",Medium-Full,['Gordo'],"Corojo, Honduran","African, Dominican, Honduran",False,,More Details,Honduras,True,,Gordo,False,Ecuador Habano,Camacho
Camacho Machitos,Rated 4.43 out of 5, Based on 14 Ratings ,"Short, bold cigars.Although there are plenty of choices when you’re looking for a small cigar, very few can pack the complete experience of a full-size stick into a small package. Camacho Machitos are long-filler blends that don’t skimp on flavor or complexity, in short they’re everything you’d expect from a Camacho cigar in a short vitola. These feisty little boomsticks have the exact same blends as their larger counterparts and are available in Connecticut, Corojo, and Criollo. Try the Camacho Machitos for a perfect companion on your daily commute, when you’re walking Fido, or when the weather demands a shorter time.Camacho Machitos Connecticut features a Connecticut wrapper atop a blend of Dominican and Honduran long-fillers. Mellow to medium-bodied, with spice from the get-go and flavors including cedar and vanilla.Camacho Machitos Criollo is dressed with a Honduran wrapper over a blend of Dominican and Honduran long-leaves. Expect a pleasing balance of spice and sweetness. Medium-bodied and satisfying to the nub.Camacho Machitos Corojo is a full-bodied powerhouse that sports a Honduran Corojo wrapper resting over a potent blend of Honduran long-fillers. ​",Full,['Cigarillos'],,"Dominican, Honduran",False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,Cigarillos,No,"Connecticut, Corojo, Criollo",Camacho
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,Rated 4.55 out of 5, Based on 33 Ratings ,"Camacho — Master BuiltPrepare yourself. The newest Camacho is here, and this one’s a doozy! Camacho’s Master Built Series has always been known for innovation, and this release is no different. Featuring tobaccos aged in some of the world’s oldest Nicaraguan rum barrels, Nicaraguan Barrel Aged is a new release that can’t be ignored. On top of this cigar you’ll find an Ecuadorian Habano 2000 wrapper, with Mexican binder and long-fillers from Nicaragua and the Dominican. But it’s the aging in the rum barrels that gives this cigar its true flavor. Notes of spice and oak are met with warm sugar and caramel flavors. That’s because Camacho worked carefully with Flor de Cana to make sure every barrel is up to the highest standards of excellence. So light one up, pour out a few fingers of the good stuff, and enjoy! ",Medium-Full,"['Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Mexican,"Dominican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,"Gordo, Robusto, Toro",No,"Ecuador Habano, Habana 2000",Camacho
Camacho Powerband,Rated 4.61 out of 5, Based on 57 Ratings ,"Floor it with Camacho An intense, powerful, adrenaline-fueled blend like no other. Camacho Powerband cigars are here, and they're here to stay. Inspired by the strength, speed, and acceleration of a classic V-twin engine, Camacho Powerband is a high-octane blend for enthusiasts that prefer their cigars to have a healthy kick of oomph. This cigar takes its place in the Master Built series, alongside the Triple Maduro and the full-bodied American Barrel Aged. Powerband isn’t just flashy to look at though, it’s a masterclass performer under the hood. Rolled with a unique bunching process that makes sure there’s a great draw on every cigar, Powerband is everything you want in a premium cigar. Tobacco from five different countries shows off notes of dark coffee, chili pepper, and a rich oaky core with an Ecuadorian Habano 2000 wrapper bringing an extra bit of oomph to this one. Take the Powerband for a test drive, and I’m sure you’ll be back for the box. ​",Full,"['Robusto', 'Toro']",Mexican,"Dominican, Honduran, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,"Robusto, Toro",No,Habano,Camacho
Camacho Scorpion Connecticut,Rated 4.63 out of 5, Based on 19 Ratings ,"Don’t get stung by high prices! Camacho cigars are great, that’s for sure. But sometimes my wallet’s a little… ahem, light. Let’s face it: burning cigar after cigar and chugging a six pack of beer a night is awesome, but it sure isn’t cheap. Luckily, today’s newest release from Camacho is both delicious and wallet-friendly: a combination that an absolute cigar nut like me can certainly get behind. Offered up in two different wrappers, today we’re focused on the Connecticut release. Handmade in Honduras and featuring a gorgeous Ecuadorian Connecticut wrapper leaf, Scorpion Connecticut is as smooth as it is flavorful. ",Mellow-Medium,"['Gordo', 'Robusto']",Nicaraguan,"Honduran, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,"Gordo, Robusto",No,Ecuador Connecticut,Camacho
Camacho Scorpion Fumas Connecticut,Rated 4.33 out of 5, Based on 3 Ratings ,"Just a little sting, and your troubles are gone.If you’re looking for smooth flavors with boldness to spare, you’d be remiss to overlook Camacho. The brand was ubiquitous even before donning the signature scorpion artwork, and the blends have only gotten better and better. The Scorpion line is the newest member of the Camacho portfolio, consisting of limited release blends & sizes that continue the Camacho tradition for a fraction of the cost. The Scorpion Fumas Conecticut comes in bundles of 16, and wears an Ecuador wrapper over mixed-fill Honduran and Nicaraguan fillers. The flavors are all Camacho- a bit of spice complimenting notes of nuts, cedar, and cream, and makes for an unforgettable experience for pennies on the dollar. Grab a bundle of Camacho Scorpion Fumas Connecticut, and let the Scorpion’s sting get your mind right.",Medium,[],,"Honduran, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,,No,Ecuador Connecticut,Camacho
Camacho Scorpion Fumas Sun Grown,Rated 4.44 out of 5, Based on 9 Ratings ,"A scorpion for the everyman.Camacho is the big, bold, powerhouse of the cigar industry. Hailing from Honduras, each one of their blends exhibits hefty flavors and unmatched smoothness, and their striking packaging is usually the first thing you lay your eyes on in a cigar shop. With the Scorpion line, Camacho has continued this tradition of boldness and refined strength for a much lower price. The Scorpion Fumas are the most affordable offerings in the Scorpion line, but they still don’t sacrifice any flavor to do it. Featuring an Ecuador Habano wrapper over a Cuban-sandwich style blend of Honduran and Nicaraguan tobaccos, these beauties pump out flavors of nuts, coffee, and spice. You won’t believe how little you paid for these firecrackers when you light up your first, and you’ll be ordering more bundles before you know it!",Medium,"['Churchill', 'Gordo', 'Robusto']",,"Honduran, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,"Churchill, Gordo, Robusto",No,Ecuador Sungrown,Camacho
Camacho Scorpion Sun Grown,Rated 4.73 out of 5, Based on 15 Ratings ,"Camacho boxes – now more wallet-friendly than ever! The Camacho Scorpion is one of the most iconic pieces of branding in the cigar industry – a quick glance at that beast and you know you’re about to experience the classic Camacho mixture of boldness and reliability. So it was only a matter of time before the Scorpion got a cigar of its own. Available in both Connecticut and Sun Grown, today we’re looking at the darker meat. My favorite Sun Grown cigars always have a ton of rich, natural sweetness, and Camacho Scorpion doesn’t disappoint. Handmade in Honduras with handpicked tobaccos, this Scorpion stings with a rich flavor profile, featuring a warm, sugary sweetness on top of black pepper spice. It’s super-rare to find Camacho boxes as affordable as this, so do yourself a favor and jump aboard today. ",Medium-Full,"['Gordo', 'Robusto']",Nicaraguan,"Honduran, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,"Gordo, Robusto",No,Ecuador Habano,Camacho
Camacho Scorpion Sweet Tip,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 6 Ratings ,"The sweet sting of victory.Camacho carries a well-earned reputation for pumping out bold, heavy blends with smooth flavors and meticulous construction, and any time you see the ubiquitous Camacho scorpion, you know your taste buds are in for a treat. The Camacho Scorpion line is the latest addition to their bevy of bold blends, and promises that same Camacho quality, and carries a much smaller price tag.Handmade in Honduras with Honduran filler, Mexican binder, and Ecuador Connecticut wrapper, and features a tip imbued with just the right amount of sweetness to compliment the flavors beautifully. When you light up a Scorpion Sweet Tip, you’re in for a great burn, a great draw, and medium bodied notes of almonds, cedar, and leather. Grab a bundle and let the Scorpion’s Sting coat your palate in bold, sweet bliss.",Medium,"['Churchill', 'Corona', 'Robusto']",Mexican,Honduran,False,,More Details,Honduras,No,,"Churchill, Corona, Robusto",No,Ecuador Connecticut,Camacho
Camacho The Original Diploma,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 3 Ratings ,"Diploma’s returnHailing from the lush soils of Honduras, Camacho is a boutique line of cigars deserving of the many 90-plus ratings it has acquired. They have a reputation for expertly balancing unmatched flavor with a satisfying boldness. And The Original Diploma is one of their finest and most sought after blends created. It originally debuted in 2001 but soon vanished from the market. Then we saw it again in 2015 for a short run. Then in 2017, the company announced it would return once a year, in a new limited edition size.The blend uses some of the finest tobaccos in the world and is crafted by Camacho’s 5 most skilled torcedores (rollers) in the factory with the leaves hand-selected by the factory supervisor to ensure the best experience possible. The tobacco used is all Honduran Corojo from higher priming’s to add a little extra power. The end result is a medium to full-bodied cigar with balanced notes of wood, cocao, dried fruit, and some pepper on the finish. When this package arrives at your door you’ll be amazed. It’s some of the finest packaging in the industry and one of the best cigars to hit our docks this year. ",Medium-Full,['Figurado'],Corojo,Honduran,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,Figurado,No,Corojo,Camacho
Camacho Triple Maduro,Rated 4.67 out of 5, Based on 55 Ratings ,"​A triple threat.If you want big, bold flavors, then you’ve come to the right place. Camacho often goes head to head with some of the most storied Cuban brands....and comes out on top time after time. These highly complex, intensely flavorful rock star blends come from the fertile soils of Honduras in a climate that rivals the lush Vuelta Abajo region of Cuba. Superior, expertly cultivated tobacco leaves are grown at Ranchos Jamastran under the watchful gaze of the Eiroa family.Camacho Triple Maduro is the world’s first all-maduro cigar. Prepare thyself for an explosion of dark, complex flavors. Triple Maduro was created for fans of a full-bodied blend, and this one is packing heat. You can anticipate rich and hearty undertones of spice and earth that are strong and bold without completely decimating the palate. Evenly constructed and epically dark and inviting, this is one maduro you won’t want to miss. Rumor has it that the Eiroas had to attempt the perfect blend 84 times before they got it right, but by George, they actually did it. ",Full,"['Figurado', 'Gordo', 'Robusto']","Corojo, Honduran Broadleaf","Brazilian, Dominican, Honduran",False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,"Figurado, Gordo, Robusto",No,"Maduro, San Andres",Camacho
CAO America,Rated 4.58 out of 5, Based on 248 Ratings ,"God Bless America!CI and CAO, two rock-ribbed American companies put on this planet to bring you the best premium cigars at the best prices you can imagine. And what better way to tribute the best damn country in the world, than with a tasty and satisfying super-premium? Presenting one of our favorite cigars from this amazing brand, CAO America. America is part of the now famous World series from CAO. This blend boldly showcases a four country long-filler mix of Dominican, Nicaraguan, Italian, and, you guessed it, American tobaccos. Expect a rich, chewy profile, loaded with cream and oaky nuances. The finish is short and sweet, but don’t be fooled — CAO America is a robust, medium to full-bodied beast.CAO America cigars received an impressive 92-rating, noting: “A two-toned cigar rolled barber pole style in a light and dark wrapper… sweet and savory flavors come together in the form of roasted meat, sweet cedar, and chocolate.”",Medium,"['Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Torpedo']",Brazil,"Dominican, Italian, Nicaraguan, United States",False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,"Gordo, Robusto, Torpedo",No,"Connecticut, Connecticut Broadleaf",CAO
CAO Black,Rated 4.41 out of 5, Based on 478 Ratings ,"CAO’s first and finest“The best cigar I’ve had, bar none.” I’m not exaggerating, I hear this over and over again from our customers. And I have to say I agree with them. You see, to many of us, the exclusive CAO Black cigar is CAO’s crown jewel, their piece de resistance. That’s a bold statement, considering CAO’s stable includes a number of exceptional cigars. You see, this blend was crafted with extensively aged, top-tier tobaccos, and each batch is made in limited quantities. Individually draped in cedar, this classic offers a ton of creamy spice flavors, with a subtle hint of vanilla along with an abundance of complex and varied, medium-bodied flavors. It booms out big, creamy rings, burns perfectly, and mellows nicely after the first third. Simply awesome. Just ask Cigar Buyer magazine, which awarded CAO Black with an unprecedented perfect score — 10 out of 10.  ",Medium,"['Churchill', 'Corona', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",,"Honduran, Mexican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,"Churchill, Corona, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Ecuador Connecticut,CAO
CAO Brazilia,Rated 4.78 out of 5, Based on 649 Ratings ,"CAO Takes Over the WorldReleased after five meticulous years of research and planning, the CAO Brazilia is a full-flavored cigar made from one of the finest Brazilian wrapper leaves we’ve ever seen. It’s a fitting tribute to the country — for centuries, Brazil has been celebrated for its art, and its creation of all things beautiful. And Brazilia is most certainly beautiful. Extensively aged, the long-fillers here are all Nicaraguan tobaccos of the highest caliber. Though Brazilia performs well in every size, most notable here are the 54 to 60-ring options. The complexity offered from these wider vitolas keeps the cigars smooth, burning cool all the way down to the nub. In short, Brazilia is a classic blend, well worth your consideration.In addition to numerous 90-ratings, Brazilia has an esteemed 91-rating, noting: “complex, with an earthy, floral flavor and a toasty, nutty quality. Full bodied, with a long, toasty finish.” ",Full,"['Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Honduras,Varies,,"Gordo, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,"Brazilian, Maduro",CAO
CAO Colombia,Rated 4.55 out of 5, Based on 154 Ratings ,"CAO Spans the GlobeCAO’s “World” cigar line is a star-studded arsenal, containing some of the finest cigars on the planet. To make someone choose a favorite would be a cruel request, they’re all amazing. But, if forced to choose, I wouldn’t be surprised to hear more than a few guys declare CAO Colombia as their #1. This unique gem features a mixture of Colombian and Brazilian leaves that no other cigar on the market can match. Cuban-seed tobaccos have actually been flourishing in Colombia since the 19th century, though you rarely hear about them. Discover their most-welcome qualities with CAO. Colombia showcases “Ica Mazinga” tobacco, a leaf that’s been developed over 15 years of hard work. Employing it with a Nicaraguan wrapper and Cameroon binder, Colombia dishes out spades of toasted nuts, coffee, and a sweet n’ salty finish. CAO Colombia has finally received a long overdue 92-rating, noting: “Its core of earth and wood is balanced by sweet, fruity notes of black cherry and nougat with a nutty touch of cashew.”",Medium,"['Gordo', 'Robusto']",Cameroon,"Brazilian, Colombian",False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Gordo, Robusto",No,"Honduran, Nicaraguan",CAO
CAO Consigliere,Rated 4.71 out of 5, Based on 84 Ratings ,"Introduce Yourself to an Old Friend“What do you hear, what do you say?” CAO Consigliere is the new boss in town, so you better pay your respects. Out to make all inferior blends sleep with the fishes, this bold offering from CAO isn’t messing around. Honestly, it reminds me of a blend from a few years back, but I can’t quite put my finger on it… Well, hey, what do I know? Fuggitaboutit!Let’s get down to the nitty-gritty. This perfect Malatov cocktail brings about a robust mixture of earth, sweet hints of cinnamon, and a nutty core. The Brazilian wrapper leaf is stunning on every sample that’s passed my desk, inviting you to indulge in just one more. The price for this one’s on point, the packaging is solid, the flavor is amazing — Bada Bing, Bada Boom!",Medium-Full,"['Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Honduran,"Colombian, Dominican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Brazilian,CAO
CAO Extreme,Rated 4.51 out of 5, Based on 206 Ratings ,"CAO Extreme Ain’t Messing AroundSome say never judge a book by its cover. Solid advice, most time, but today I say eff that noise. Extreme delivers exactly what you’d expect from first glance — a cigar built upon complexity, and power. CAO is the keeper of the over a dozen different 90+ rated brands, and over 50 unique 90+ ratings. Rest assured, Extreme fits right in with the rest of the CAO family. It all begins with a dark and oily Ecuador Habano ligero wrapper, which graces a rich and spicy Nicaraguan binder. These tasty leaves conceal a robust combination of long-fillers from Honduras and Nicaragua, with a dash of La Estradas leaf in the mix. After significant post-roll aging, this eventful cocktail serves up a bouquet that’s rich and hearty throughout. Toast, charred oak, nuts, espresso and black pepper smack every last taste bud, and the strength is more than satisfying. Save this one for after a large meal, and you’re in for pure cigar nirvana.",Full,"['Belicoso', 'Churchill', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Nicaraguan,"Honduran, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Belicoso, Churchill, Robusto, Toro",No,Ecuador Habano,CAO
CAO Flathead,Rated 4.77 out of 5, Based on 917 Ratings ,"A Real Blockhead…‘Murica, son! Home of hot rods, pin-up chicks, and CAO’s greatest offering: CAO Flathead. Borrowing inspiration from American muscle cars, Flathead not only sports a highly-unique shape, but backs it up with a high-octane blend. Instead of the traditional round or torpedo shaped head, this sleek handmade is completely squared off. Heavy in the hand, CAO Flathead starts with a well-fermented Connecticut Broadleaf maduro wrapper. Thick and chewy, the leaf conceals a bevy of Nicaraguan and Dominican long-fillers embraced by a Connecticut Habano-seed binder. Then, each cigar is carefully box-pressed. We could tell you how good it is, or we could say this — CAO Flathead has over 600 customer reviews on CI, averaging 5 stars out of 5, and is the highest rated 60-ring cigar by Cigar Aficionado. Ever. Named the #3 Cigar of 2015, Flathead received an astounding 95-rating, noting: “From the first light, this seriously squared-off cigar takes off with notes of ripe fruit, leather, and molasses that only gain intensity.”",Full,"['Double Corona', 'Gordo', 'Robusto']","Connecticut, Habano","Dominican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,Yes,,"Double Corona, Gordo, Robusto",No,Connecticut Broadleaf,CAO
CAO Flathead Gearbox,Rated 4.42 out of 5, Based on 118 Ratings ,"Flathead goes traditionalCAO Flathead Cigars are some of the most highly demanded cigars on the market today. They’re inspired by muscle cars, engines, and pin-up chicks – that’s America, son! The Gearbox is the spiritual successor to the original 95-rated Flathead and comes in three special edition sizes. It takes a more traditional approach with rounded heads and non-box-pressed vitolas. But other than that, it’s the same great high-octane blend that keeps connoisseurs and critics alike coming back for more. The packaging is also top-notch – a detachable lid that can be used as wall art and unique metal gears as secondary bands.CAO Flathead Gearbox features a 3 country blend that kicks off with a dark and alluring Connecticut Broadleaf maduro wrapper, and is completed with premium Connecticut Habano, Nicaraguan, and Dominican long-fillers. Upon lighting, expect a swift kick of flavor. A truly enjoyable full-bodied and complex cigar with hearty notes of spice, pepper, cocoa, and coffee. There’s only one way to experience this unique release, grab a box for yourself and enjoy!​",Full,['Gordo'],Habano,"Dominican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,Gordo,No,Connecticut Broadleaf,CAO
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,Rated 4.79 out of 5, Based on 112 Ratings ,"Helmet not includedCAO’s Flathead drew inspiration from hotrods and pinups, and now CAO pays tribute to motorcycle culture with a new extension of the line, Flathead Steel Horse. CAO Flathead Steel Horse hits the open road and hammers down with this powerhouse blend. Boasting the unique Flathead design, this immaculate handmade is a standard parejo with a squared-off head.CAO Flathead features a 5 country blend that begins with a gorgeous Connecticut Habano Oscuro wrapper, and is finished with a Brazilian Arapiraca binder and Honduran, Nicaraguan, and Dominican long-fillers. Upon lighting, expect a wallop of flavor. This is an enjoyable full-bodied and complex cigar with hearty notes of spice, pepper, chocolate, oak, and coffee. Get yer motor runnin’ and enjoy the ride with Flathead Steel Horse. ​​",Medium-Full,"['Gordo', 'Robusto']",Brazil,"Dominican, Honduran, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Gordo, Robusto",No,Connecticut,CAO
CAO Flathead V19,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 1 Rating ,"Hold on tight.CAO was firing on all cylinders when they released the Flathead. The high-octane blend received incredible ratings and the highest score given to a 6” x 60 by Cigar Aficionado EVER, and even took home the title of third best cigar of the year in 2015. The meaty box-pressed blend was inspired by the world of hot-rods and pin-ups, and featured smooth, full bodied flavors and flawless construction. Now the team at CAO have supercharged the Flathead, with the same blend but a unique fermentation process.The Flathead V19 utilizes the same Connecticut broadleaf wrapper, Connecticut habano binder, and Nicaraguan & Dominican fillers, but cuts the fermentation time. The result is that the leaves retain their native, natural flavors, which are then refined through longer than usual aging. On paper the V19 looks exactly the same as the original Flathead, but make no mistake: these cigars are in a class of their own. Deep molasses and leather notes will take your palate on a joy ride that you won’t ever want to end, so grab a box and light up any time you need to rev your engines.",Full,['Robusto'],Habano,"Dominican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,False,,Robusto,False,Connecticut Broadleaf,CAO
CAO Flavours,Rated 4.54 out of 5, Based on 432 Ratings ,"Subtle, exotic flavors by CAO cigars.CAO Flavours are top-notch flavored cigars with subtle, real flavors that don’t overpower. As one customer gushed, “this is the Godiva of flavored cigars!” CAO Flavours are different than most flavoreds. Made of​ high-quality long-fillers only, they’re very mellow and offer a great change of pace - plus CAO handmade quality.CAO Bella Vanilla: uses top-tier vanilla beans from Madagascar, considered the finest source for vanilla in the world. Complex flavors abound and these superior beans are imbued into a blend of rich Cuban seed tobaccos, resulting in a subtle, well balanced cigar with a rich, layered complexity.​CAO Cherrybomb: Cherrybomb explodes on the palate, quite literally, releasing an exceedingly flavorful and enjoyable series of cherry and black currant flavors. This explosion is soon tamed by a creamy core of vanilla and sweet, almost citrusy aroma. CAO Eileen's Dream: quite possibly the most unique of CAO's Flavours. Comprised of a smooth Cameroon wrapper and mellow Dominican filler that have been infused with an explosion of ingredients including Irish whiskey, cream, coconut milk, hazelnut, white chocolate, almonds, cocoa, and vanilla bean. This is a must-try.CAO Gold Honey: made with high quality orange blossom honey. Together with fine tobaccos, this is an exquisite, delicate blend with a faint citrus flavor.CAO Moontrance: an intricate blend of 100% natural exotic fruit and bourbon vanilla extracts. Offering a fantastic, caramel-like sweetness. When combined with a genuine Cameroon wrapper, Moontrance is sure to delight even the most skeptical of palates.CAO Solfyre: This new creation pumps out a unique spicy-sweet profile that's bound to turn a few heads (and cause a few flashbacks). Spicy notes of cinnamon join forces with the smoky character of whiskey. Yes...it tastes exactly like the liquor it was modeled after.",Mellow,"['Cigarillos', 'Corona', 'Petite Corona', 'Robusto', 'Torpedo']","Connecticut Broadleaf, Nicaraguan","Dominican, Nicaraguan",True,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Cigarillos, Corona, Petite Corona, Robusto, Torpedo",Yes,Cameroon,CAO
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,Rated 4.7 out of 5, Based on 255 Ratings ,"CAO Flavours Cigarillos are here to save your coffee breaks!CAO flavours are some of the most popular infused cigars on the market, boasting high-quality tobacco and smooth, never-overpowering sweetness. Truly well-made cigars, the Flavours line is well-loved by both entry-level cigar enthusiasts looking for a sweet stick and seasoned connoisseurs looking to mix up their rotation. Classic flavors like the vanilla cigarillos, top-notch fillers, and now coming in a size you can take with you and pull from the tin any time you have a little time to kill. Whether you pass them out to those who compliment the aroma, or keep them all for yourself, you can't go wrong with this convenient size of such a delicious cigar.CAO Bella Vanilla: uses top-tier vanilla beans from Madagascar, considered the finest source for vanilla in the world. Complex flavors abound and these superior beans are imbued into a blend of rich Cuban seed tobaccos, resulting in a subtle, well balanced cigar with a rich, layered complexity.CAO Cherrybomb: Cherrybomb explodes on the palate, quite literally, releasing an exceedingly flavorful and enjoyable series of cherry and black currant flavors. This explosion is soon tamed by a creamy core of vanilla and sweet, almost citrusy aroma. CAO Eileen's Dream: quite possibly the most unique of CAO's Flavours. Comprised of a smooth Cameroon wrapper and mellow Dominican filler that have been infused with an explosion of ingredients including Irish whiskey, cream, coconut milk, hazelnut, white chocolate, almonds, cocoa, and vanilla bean. This is a must-try.CAO Gold Honey: made with high quality orange blossom honey. Together with fine tobaccos, this is an exquisite, delicate blend with a faint citrus flavor.CAO Moontrance: an intricate blend of 100% natural exotic fruit and bourbon vanilla extracts. Offering a fantastic, caramel-like sweetness. When combined with a genuine Cameroon wrapper, Moontrance is sure to delight even the most skeptical of palates.",Mellow,['Cigarillos'],Connecticut Broadleaf,"Dominican, Nicaraguan",True,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,Cigarillos,Yes,Cameroon,
CAO Fuma em Corda,Rated 4.72 out of 5, Based on 18 Ratings ,"Back to the BasinCAO Amazon Basin was one of the most popular new CAO cigars in years. It was only a matter of time before a follow-up was announced. And lucky for all of us CAO fans, turns out that this Amazon experiment is bound for a trilogy! Enter phase two: CAO Fuma em Corda, a full-bodied blend like no other. The word “unique” gets thrown around a lot. But here, it’s the real McCoy. The tobacco used in the Fuma em Corda is bound by tightly wound ropes and left to ferment, a technique native to the tobacco farmers of Brazil. The Braganca tobacco inside undergoes a different process — compressed and fermented for six months into tightly wound tubes. Add a Honduran Oscuro wrapper and Cameroon binder and you’ll find a woody flavor, with spiciness and an incredibly long finish. Our recommendation? Jump aboard this posthaste, or get left behind. ",Medium-Full,['Toro'],Cameroon,"Brazilian, Honduran, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,Toro,No,Honduran,CAO
CAO Gold,Rated 4.49 out of 5, Based on 341 Ratings ,"One of CAO’s First and Finest 90-Rated CigarsCheck out CAO Gold, one of the cigars that put CAO on the map. Blended with handpicked, aged long leaves, Gold reliably delivers a classic cigar experience, and comes handsomely packaged in great looking cedar chests.Don’t be fooled by the pristine Ecuadorian Connecticut wrapper on CAO Gold, this cigar is not mellow. Weighing in at more of a medium-body, Gold’s exquisite wrapper is expertly applied atop of Cuban-seed Nicaraguan filler and binder. Overall, we’re looking at a silky cigar that’s deep and complex. If you’re hankering for a real morsel, you’ve come to the right place. The CAO Gold received a 90-rating, noting: ”It is filled with sweet herbal earthiness, that includes a hint of pepper, light cocoa bean, leather and even roasted nuts.”",Medium,"['Churchill', 'Cigarillos', 'Corona', 'Double Corona', 'Double Robusto', 'Perfecto', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Churchill, Cigarillos, Corona, Double Corona, Double Robusto, Perfecto, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Ecuador Connecticut,CAO
CAO Gold Maduro,Rated 4.74 out of 5, Based on 27 Ratings ,"The Darker Side of Nicaragua’s First Mellow HandmadeIt’s safe to say, after the success of CAO Brazilia and CAO Black ‘VR,’ that the CAO brand has revolutionized the Brazilian Maduro wrapper leaf. So why not put it on their top-selling blend, CAO Gold? And that’s exactly what they did. CAO Gold Maduro is a re-invention of one of the first 90-rated CAO blends.CAO Gold Maduro combined the mellow long-filler combination of Nicaraguan tobaccos used in the traditional Gold series, but wraps it in a dark and toothy Brazilian Maduro leaf. The result is a chewy, medium-bodied flavor with hints of coffee delivered in a most pleasing creamy, buttery fashion.",Medium,"['Churchill', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Churchill, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Brazilian,CAO
CAO ICON,Rated 4.8 out of 5, Based on 15 Ratings ,"From humble beginnings comes a true ‘ICON’.Cano Aret Ozgener has worked incredibly hard and taken lots of risks to get CAO where it is today. Entering the tobacco industry as a Meerschaum pipe carver, it wasn’t until 1993 that Ozgener entered the cigar business, so he had quite a lot to prove. With the help of Carlos Torano and Nestor Plasencia, CAO released their first Honduran cigar in ’93, and their first Nicaraguan cigar in ’96. It didn’t take long for CAO to claim a legendary reputation as a consistent best-seller, and earn the honor of an ‘ICON’ cigar release.The CAO ICON joins the ranks of single size ICON releases with a chunky 5.5” x 54 Connecticut Broadleaf-wrapped robusto, containing a punchy but smooth mix of Dominican & Nicaraguan long-fillers. This is a bold, hearty stick that'll be good as soon as they hit your doorstep or after a few years of aging, with a profile loaded down with oaky, earthy nuances and notes of cocoa, cedar, and coffee. CAO is a dedicated cigar company, and the ICON represents the best of their talents to date. Pick up a box, and tip your hat to true ‘ICON’.",Medium-Full,['Robusto'],,"Dominican, Nicaraguan",False,,More Details,Dominican Republic,False,,Robusto,False,Connecticut Broadleaf,CAO
CAO Italia,Rated 4.59 out of 5, Based on 106 Ratings ,"Full and Spicy!When one thinks of Italy, premium cigar tobacco is usually not the first thing that comes to mind. But for CAO, so accustomed to pushing the boundaries of flavor, this is where they discovered some of their best, and most unique, tobaccos. This particular tobaccos is grown in the Benevento region of Italy and offers an enjoyable sweetness backed ever so slightly by toasted earthiness. When combined with a luscious, dark Habano-seed wrapper leaf grown in Honduras, and a select blend of fine filler leave tobaccos from Nicaragua and Peru, you’ll find an intricate 4-country blend that’s incredibly rich, robust, and complex. Italia is full-flavored, with sweetness and a long, bold finish. CAO Italia has received a 92-rating, noting: “creamy… lush with fruity, ripe apple notes, molasses and brown sugar. The finish is long and spicy.” ",Medium-Full,"['Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Torpedo']",,"Italian, Nicaraguan, Peruvian",False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,"Gordo, Robusto, Torpedo",No,Habano Maduro,CAO
CAO La Traviata,Rated 4 out of 5, Based on 1 Rating ,"A round of applause for La TraviataLa Traviata, an old Cuban brand, and an even older three act Italian opera by Giuseppe Verdi. This cigar is a stunning showstopper. Draped in an exquisite Ecuadoran Havana wrapper and filled with perfectly balanced Nicaraguan and Dominican tobaccos, La Traviata is a favorite among many cigar enthusiasts. This medium-bodied handmade made the Top 25 Premium Cigars of the Year list by Cigar Aficionado not once, but twice! A well-performing beauty of a cigar also earned a well-deserved 93-rating for its full and complex Cuban-esque flavor. CAO La Traviata, a worldwide best-seller, should definitely be in your humidor. ",Medium,"['Churchill', 'Petite Corona', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Cameroon,"Dominican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Churchill, Petite Corona, Robusto, Toro",No,Ecuador Habano,CAO
CAO La Traviata Maduro,Rated 4.2 out of 5, Based on 15 Ratings ,"La Traviata’s Sequel Years ago, the 93-rated CAO La Traviata dominated the market, delivering a medium to full-bodied, complex cigar experience like only CAO can. Today, we’re starting down the barrel at La Traviata Maduro, the spicier, richer follow-up to this winner of a blend. Swapping out the Ecuadorian Havana wrapper leaf for a thick and oily Broadleaf, La Traviata Maduro by CAO pleases the palate with intense spice notes over dark chocolate and roasted coffee. ",Medium,"['Churchill', 'Corona', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Cameroon,"Dominican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Churchill, Corona, Robusto, Toro",No,Connecticut Broadleaf,CAO
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,Rated 4.64 out of 5, Based on 92 Ratings ,"CAO Comes Close to PerfectionThe CAO L’Anniversaire cigar line was developed in honor of the 30th anniversary of CAO cigars. The Cameroon Series is a highly successful complement to the incredible success of CAO’s L’Anniversaire Maduro series. In a nutshell, the Cameroon is an unforgettable blend with a great looking box-pressed shape. Made with reddish-brown Cameroon wrappers from Africa and premium Nicaraguan long-fillers and binders. Mellow to medium-bodied in taste and box-pressed — this is one attractive, high-quality release.The L’Anniversaire Cameroon has received a 92-rating, noting: “Nicely pressed, with rich color. The cigar has a lovely draw and burn. It’s nutty and toasty, with coffee, cocoa and dry wood flavors.”",Medium,"['Belicoso', 'Churchill', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,Yes,,"Belicoso, Churchill, Robusto, Toro",No,Cameroon,CAO
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,Rated 4.76 out of 5, Based on 54 Ratings ,"30 Years of CAOThe top of the line from CAO, L’Anniversaire celebrates the 30th Anniversary of the CAO brand. This beautiful Nicaraguan maduro is making people forget all about Cuban cigars, with its rich, medium to full-bodied and balanced profile. The incredible success of this L’Anniversaire line spawned a sequel: the 92-rated L’Anniversaire Cameroon. L’Anniversaire Maduro features a mixture of tobaccos that includes a Cameroon binder, and fillers from both Nicaragua and Dominican Republic. On top, the Connecticut Broadleaf maduro wrapper is oily, glistening with a shine that easily invites you in. Lighting the foot, you’ll find a toasty and chocolatey flavor profile that will easily satisfy any fan of CAOs, maduros, or just premium cigars in general. The CAO L’Anniversaire Maduro has received a 90-rating, noting: “Beautiful color and construction. A well-made cigar. It burns well, with a fine draw. The cigar has intriguing notes of espresso and honey, with a steely undertone. Peppery and rich.”  ",Medium-Full,"['Belicoso', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Nicaraguan,"Dominican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,Yes,,"Belicoso, Robusto, Toro",No,Connecticut Broadleaf,CAO
CAO Mx2,Rated 4.57 out of 5, Based on 103 Ratings ,"A Jet Black Beauty from CAOCAO’s MX2 is a long-awaited, limited production cigar that employs two flavorful wrappers. The outermost leaf is an ultra-dark, super oily Connecticut Broadleaf Maduro. Underneath, there’s a second wrapper leaf — fuller-flavored Brazilian Maduro. On their own, each of these wrappers would be high-quality enough. But combine the two, and you’ve got something completely stunning. To mix the pot even more, the folks at CAO use a blend of select long-fillers from Nicaragua, Honduras, Peru, and the Dominican Republic to complete this complex handmade. The resulting profile is packed with layer after layer of spicy, sweet flavors. If you’ve ever enjoyed a maduro cigar, you better add this one to your cart as quickly as possible. ",Medium,"['Belicoso', 'Gordo', 'Petite Corona', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Brazil,"Dominican, Honduran, Nicaraguan, Peruvian",False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Belicoso, Gordo, Petite Corona, Robusto, Toro",No,"Brazilian, Connecticut Broadleaf, Maduro",CAO
CAO Nicaragua,Rated 4.4 out of 5, Based on 42 Ratings ,"All around the world… and back to NicaraguaSince Rick Rodriguez has taken over CAO, they’ve released winner after winner after winner. From the uber-contemporary design and blend of CAO Flathead, to the experimental, innovative releases featuring Brazilian tobaccos like the Fuma em Corda, to more traditional cigars like CAO Pilon… it seems like Ricky can do no wrong. Today, that win streak continues with the newest entry in the “world-famous” World Series – CAO Nicaragua. Yes, though they’ve visited Italy, Colombia, and America on their tour of tobacco dominance, CAO has never released a blend specifically designed to highlight Nicaraguan tobaccos until now. At the core of this cigar you’ll find plenty of lush, extensively aged Nicaraguan long-fillers from the Jalapa Valley, Esteli, and Condega. Clad in a Honduran Jamastran wrapper leaf, this CAO booms out with a full-bodied blast of pepper with a core of nuts and toasty tobacco backing it up. Sure to become a best-seller like Brazilia and Italia before it, CAO Nicaragua is destined for greatness. Get in now.  Good news! CAO Nicaragua has earned an awesome 91-point rating, noting: ""There's a good draw and burn to this dark and oily cigar. It's earthy and oaky with touches of vanilla and spearmint that lead to a bold, leathery finish.""",Full,"['Corona', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Honduran,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Corona, Robusto, Toro",No,Honduran,CAO
CAO Orellana,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 2 Ratings ,"From deep within the amazon, to deep within the aging room.In 2014, CAO announced a mysterious new cigar that piqued the collective interest of the cigar world. That cigar was the Amazon Basin, and utilized a special leaf in the filler known as Braganca. This rare tobacco is grown in patches of available sunlight in the Amazon, before being hand-rolled into tubes and rowed in canoes to the factory. This cigar spawned two offshoots, all using varying types and amounts of Amazonian tobacco and all selling out relatively quick. Now CAO is completing the series with the Orellano, the name given to the Amazon by explorer Francisco de Orellana. Despite this being the fourth cigar in the Amazon series, the Orellana’s Brazilian Cubra wrapper has been patiently aging since before CAO even discovered the Braganca used in the original. Cubra grows smaller, darker, leaves than most plants, and produces a pleasantly spicy, complex profile. The exotic wrapper is joined by a Nicaraguan binder and fillers from the Dominican & Colombia, with a healthy amount of Brazilian Braganca and Fuma Em Corda to ensure this cigar tastes like nothing you’ve ever had before. With its full-bodied bevy of spice, dark fruit, and leather notes, this is the perfect cigar to bring along on your next adventure.",Medium-Full,['Toro'],Nicaraguan,"Brazilian, Colombian, Dominican",False,False,More Details,,False,,Toro,False,Brazilian,
CAO Pilon,Rated 4.45 out of 5, Based on 122 Ratings ,"CAO piles on the flavorCAO is known for their laundry list of 90+ rated blends and for being one of the most innovative brands in the industry. From their breakthrough classic CAO Black, to the shape of the CAO Flathead, to their use of unique leaves in CAO OSA Sol, CAO has never been afraid to push the envelope. Now with their new release, CAO Pilon, they are resurrecting a seldom used and costly fermentation method, the circular pilon. A standard tobacco pilon is basically a pile of tobacco ‘hands,’ which are 10-15 tobacco leaves tied together, that are allowed to heat up and ferment. With a circular pilon the hands are carefully layered in a circular pattern, with the payoff being that the tobacco ferments at a slower rate which enhances the flavor.CAO Pilon comes dressed in a dazzling Ecuador Habano wrapper, encasing the binder and long-fillers from Nicaragua. This cigar is medium-bodied and packs flavor in droves with delicious notes of spice, cedar, pepper, nuts, and cocoa. CAO Pilon is a rich and hearty blend that continues CAO’s string of hits. CAO Pilon received an impressive 90-rating noting: ""This cigar has the sweet and bready cinnamon qualities of a graham cracker, along with a bold earthy core and cedary finish. The cigar gleams with oil and  burns evenly.""​",Medium,"['Churchill', 'Corona', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Churchill, Corona, Gordo, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Ecuador Habano,CAO
Carrington,Rated 3.86 out of 5, Based on 7 Ratings ,"Tasty & mellow, for any herfin’ fellow!Among all the blends that pass over our desks for, ahem, quality assurance, few have been burned with as much zeal as Carrington. While most of us prefer the strong stuff, none can deny the satisfaction of a good mellow stick to enjoy with our morning coffee, or to help ease the pressure of a long day setting up screaming deals for the cigar chompin’ public.  The Carrington blend starts with top-quality Dominican long-fillers, secured by an Indonesian binder and cloaked in a gorgeous khaki-colored Connecticut wrapper showing minimal veins and near-invisible seams. Upon lighting, you’ll be greeted by notes of roasted nuts, cream, cedar, and a touch of natural sweetness, for an experience that’ll have you coming back for more time and time again. Grab a box today, and have a Carrington on-hand for any time you need to slow down and relax.  ",Mellow-Medium,"['Churchill', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Indonesian,Dominican,False,,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Gordo, Robusto, Toro",No,Connecticut,
Casa Cuevas Connecticut,Rated 4.75 out of 5,,"The Triple C - Casa Cuevas Connecticut!Casa Cuevas Cigars is a family owned business that has spanned four generations. They first started out cultivating tobacco in the Pinar del Rio province of Cuba. Today, they operate out of the Santiago, Dominican Republic where they have been crafting premium cigars for brands like Gurkha, Sam Leccia, and Carlos Torano out of their Tabacalera Las Lavas factory. So after generations of crafting premium cigars, it is finally time to unveil a cigar of their own that bears the Cuevas name. Enter Casa Cuevas Connecticut. One of three of the new Casa Cuevas cigars, the Connecticut, comes draped in a golden brown Ecuadorian Connecticut wrapper with elegant gold and blue band placed on top. Take a peek underneath and you'll find a bevy of Nicaraguan and Dominican long-fillers that blend to make a nice mellow to medium bodied treat. It offers a subtle spice with notes of leather and sweet cream. A classic Connecticut that can be enjoyed all day long. ",Medium,['Toro'],Habano,"Dominican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,Toro,No,Ecuador Connecticut,
Casa Cuevas Habano,Rated 4.75 out of 5, Based on 4 Ratings ,"The Cuevas strike out on their ownCasa Cuevas Cigars are a new brand to the US market, but I wouldn’t call this their first rodeo. Casa Cuevas is a family owned business that first started in the tobacco industry four generations ago in the Pinar Del Rio valley of Cuba where they cultivated tobacco. Today, they operate out of their Tabacalera Las Lavas factory in Santiago, Dominican Republic. Out of this factory, they have produced cigars for well-known brands such as Gurkha, Sam Leccia and Carlos Torano. The Casa Cuevas line is just the first to bear the family name. The blend at hand consists of premium tobacco from three different countries. The wrapper up top is a chocolaty brown Ecuadorian habano leaf that covers a Nicaraguan binder and long-fillers from Nicaragua and the Dominican Republic. The body and strength float around the medium-full range and offer and great balance of flavor. You can expect notes of fruit, black pepper, bread, wood and natural tobacco. It's about time this the Casa Cuevas camp but their name on a cigar, and they put their best foot forward with this one. Time to see what they're all about!",Medium,"['Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Habano,"Colombian, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Gordo, Robusto, Toro",No,Ecuador Habano,
Casa Cuevas Maduro,Rated 4.5 out of 5, Based on 2 Ratings ,"Straight outta Santiago!Casa Cuevas Cigars may be an unfamiliar name, but they are not new to this industry. They first got into the game in the 19th century cultivating tobacco in the Pinar Del Rio Valley of Cuba. But after the Cuban revolution 1959, the family business decided to move to Santiago, Dominica Republic. Here they have been crafting premium cigars out of their Tabacalera Las Lavas factory for brands such as Gurkha, Torano, and Sam Leccia. Finally, they are releasing a cigar to bear their own family name, and they come it three different varieties – Maduro, Habano, and Connecticut. The Casa Cuevas Maduro is slightly dialed back from its habano counterpart, clocking in at a nice medium-body. The blend is highlighted by a naturally fermented Mexican San Andres wrapper atop a Nicaraguan binder, and long-fillers from Colombia, Dominican Republic, and Nicaragua. The maduro wrapper provides immense natural sweetness that comes and goes, along with balanced notes of spice, chocolate, cedar, citrus, and earth. After tasting all three, I’m a true believer in Casa Cuevas cigars and the maduro was especially tasty. Scoop up a box today and you won’t regret it.",Medium,"['Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Habano,"Colombian, Dominican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Gordo, Robusto, Toro",No,San Andres,
Casa de Garcia,Rated 4.15 out of 5, Based on 308 Ratings ,"Delicious buck-a-stick handmades from the makers of Montecristo.Altadis is responsible for crafting some of the most well-known and respected cigars on the market today, including Romeo y Julieta, Montecristo, and H. Upmann. But, in addition to these legendary brands, they also craft the highly-affordable Casa de Garcia brand. Made on the same rolling tables by the same top-notch rollers, just a heckova lot cheaper. These affordable everyday treats come available in these tasty varieties:Connecticut: Smooth, creamy nuances accompany a mellow body.Maduro: Hearty, backed by notes of espresso and natural sweetness. Medium-bodied.Sumatra: Subtle notes of spice, wood and nuts delivered through a well-rounded medium body.",Mellow-Medium,"['Belicoso', 'Churchill', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",,"Dominican, Honduran",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Belicoso, Churchill, Robusto, Toro",No,"Connecticut, Connecticut Broadleaf, Sumatra",
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,Rated 4 out of 5, Based on 112 Ratings ,"A Casa de Garcia with more muscle.The Nicaragua is an amped up fuller-bodied version of the original Casa de Garcia line. Coming from Altadis, the same crew that gives us popular brands like Romeo y Julieta and Montecristo, this is a  highly-affordable option that doesn't skimp on flavor.  Utilizing Nicaraguan, Columbian, and Broadleaf filler and boasting a wrapper and binder from Nicaragua, this cigar delivers a robust medium to full-bodied experience with notes of leather, coffee and cedar.",Medium-Full,"['Churchill', 'Corona', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Nicaraguan,Connecticut,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Corona, Robusto, Toro",No,Nicaraguan,
Casa Fernandez Aganorsa Leaf,Rated 4.57 out of 5, Based on 7 Ratings ,"Become acquainted with Aganorsa Leaf.Aganorsa has been producing some of the most revered tobaccos in the industry for three decades. Used in respected blends across the industry, Aganorsa Leaf has plenty of street cred. Now they are putting their award-worthy tobaccos to use under their own name, and boy have they made a splash.Casa Fernandez Aganorsa Leaf Corojo is a Nicaraguan puro that utilizes ultra-premium tobaccos that were all cultivated on Aganorsa farms in Esteli, Jalapa, and Condega. The wrapper leaf is a Corojo Sun Grown wrapper that was harvested in 2006. Beneath, a bevy of vintage long-fillers, also from Aganorsa combine for a flavorful medium-bodied experience. Upon lighting Casa Fernandez Aganorsa Leaf, you are met with heady notes of caramel, toasted wood, and chocolate. Casa Fernandez is taking the industry by storm! Don’t be the last to try these high-grade treats.Casa Fernandez Aganorsa Leaf received a well-deserved 92-rating noting: “Box-pressed and gleaming with oil, this robusto has a bit of an uneven, blistery burn. A meaty, cedary flavor core is framed by walnut flavors and tannic notes that lead to a savory finish.” ",Medium-Full,"['Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Honduras,Yes,,"Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,"Corojo, Nicaraguan",Casa Fernandez
Casa Fernandez Aganorsa Leaf Maduro,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 8 Ratings ,"Don’t cry for me Aganorsa. Casa Fernandez has been producing some of the most revered tobaccos in the industry for three decades. Used in respected names from Illusione to Alec Bradley, Casa Fernandez has plenty of street cred. Now they are putting their award-worthy tobaccos to use under their own name, and boy have they made a splash!The Aganorsa maduro boasts the same vintage Nicaraguan long-fillers from Aganorsa as the original Corojo version. The twist comes in the form of a well-aged San Andres maduro wrapper leaf adorning the top pf the blend. Heady notes of chocolate, sweet cream, and coffee cascade over the palate with a medium to full-bodied strength bumping this offering up to the top of many connoisseur’s lists. Great news, Casa Fernandez Arganosa Leaf Maduro received a well-deserved 93-rating and landed on the 2016 Top 25 Cigars list just outside of the top ten at #11, noting: ""Many companies use Aganorsa tobacco, but in this brand, and particularly this Robusto Extra size, the tobacco shows its own distinct style.""​",Medium-Full,"['Gordo', 'Robusto Extra']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,United States,Yes,,"Gordo, Robusto Extra",No,"Maduro, San Andres",Casa Fernandez
Casa Fernandez Arsenio Serie Oro,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 1 Rating ,"No, not Arsenio Hall.Long time master blender Arsenio Ramos is the man behind countless 90+ rated blends and the Casa Fernandez line as a whole. For all of his long hours of labor, Eduardo Fernandez is set to honor him for his 80th birthday with the Casa Fernandez Arsenio Serie Oro. This all box-pressed line marks the second line to boast Arsenio’s name, and is sure to please as many, if not more than the first. Utilizing tobaccos from the renowned Aganorsa farm in Esteli, Nicaragua, Arsenio Serie Oro’s reddish-hued, Nicaraguan Corojo wrapper leaf stands out from afar. Extensively aged long-fillers from Aganorsa were selected specifically for this milestone project. Nuances of cedar, earth, sweet spice, and nut all make their presence known. Celebrate 80 years of excellence while enjoying one fantastic stick with the medium to full-bodied Arsenio Serie Oro.​",Medium-Full,"['Gordo', 'Toro']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,United States,Yes,,"Gordo, Toro",No,Corojo,
Casa Fernandez Miami,Rated 2.5 out of 5, Based on 2 Ratings ,"This beaut is made in ‘Merica!Eduardo Fernandez has been busy since purchasing Tropical Tobacco from the legendary master blender Pedro Martin. He changed the name to Tabacalera Tropical, moved locations, and developed the delicious Casa Fernandez brand to critical acclaim. In 2011, the cigar at hand, Casa Fernandez Miami garnered a 92-point rating along with being named the number 12 cigar of the year. This flavorful bouquet is a Nicaraguan puro, boasting the highest grade tobaccos from Esteli, the Jalapa Valley, and the Condega Valley. Infused with ample refined ligeros, Miami is no slouch on strength, sporting a medium to full-bodied flavor profile. Bold notes of cedar, pepper, and sweet spice coat the palate and offer a long, lingering finish that keeps you coming back for more. Casa Fernandez Miami received a well-deserved 92-rating noting: ""Richly hued with minimal veins to the wrapper. Each puff is loaded with flavors that are nutty and leathery, leaving a cappuccino finish on the palate.""",Medium-Full,"['Lancero/Panatela', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,United States,No,,"Lancero/Panatela, Robusto, Toro",No,Nicaraguan,Casa Fernandez
Casa Fernandez Miami Reserva,Rated 4.33 out of 5, Based on 9 Ratings ,"Hailing from Little Havana, Miami.Eduardo Fernandez has been busy since purchasing Tropical Tobacco from the legendary master blender Pedro Martin. He changed the name to Aganorsa Leaf and developed the delicious Casa Fernandez brand to critical acclaim. In 2011, Casa Fernandez Miami garnered a 92-point rating along with being named the #11 Cigar of the Year. This extension to the decorated Casa Fernandez Miami boasts a bolder, darker appearance than the original.Casa Fernandez Miami Reserva is cloaked is a refined Nicaraguan wrapper leaf, which plays host to Nicaraguan long-fillers including a rare Medio Tiempo leaf, which is a higher priming than even the flavor inducing ligero. Spot-on construction results in Miami Reserva having an excellent draw and producing a white, firm ash. Nuances of leather, citrus, chocolate, and spice all rear their heads right down to the nub. A true boutique handmade, don’t miss the boat on these bad boys.Casa Fernandez Miami Reserva received a well-deserved 90-rating noting: ""There's a complex array of nutty notes in this cigar ranging from walnut and almond to peanut and cashew, all interwoven with honey and citrus.""",Medium-Full,"['Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,United States,No,,"Gordo, Robusto, Toro",No,Nicaraguan,Casa Fernandez
Casa Fernandez Miami Reserva Maduro,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 3 Ratings ,"Casa Fernandez puts on a show.Eduardo Fernandez has been busy since purchasing Tropical Tobacco from the legendary master blender Pedro Martin. He changed the name to Tabacalera Tropical, moved locations, and developed the delicious Casa Fernandez brand to critical acclaim. In 2011, Casa Fernandez Miami garnered a 92-point rating along with being named the number 11 cigar of the year. This extension to the decorated Casa Fernandez Miami boasts uber-refined maduro leaf adding depth and flavor to this already stunning masterpiece. Casa Fernandez Miami Reserva is cloaked is a Mexican San Andres maduro wrapper leaf, which plays host to Nicaraguan long-fillers including a rare Medio Tiempo leaf, which is a higher priming than even the flavor inducing ligero. Spot-on construction results in Miami Reserva having an excellent draw and producing a white, firm ash. Nuances of leather, citrus, chocolate, and spice all rear their heads right down to the nub. A true boutique handmade, don’t miss the boat on these bad boys. ",Full,"['Gordo', 'Toro']",,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,United States,No,,"Gordo, Toro",No,Maduro,Casa Fernandez
Casa Magna Colorado,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 7 Ratings ,"A 93-rated gem!Casa Magna Colorado is the brainchild of two of the cigar industry's most revered manufacturers, Manuel Quesada and Nestor Plascencia. This Nicaraguan Puro is full-bodied and moderately priced. Comprised of Ligero and Viso fillers from several different regions of Nicaragua and a beautiful Cuban-seed Ligero Colorado wrapper, the Casa Magna is hand-rolled in Plascencia's Nicaraguan Factory. The result is a smooth, rich, full-bodied cigar with undertones of coffee and sweet spices. A well-made slow-burner at a great price. Cigar Aficionado rated Casa Magna the #1 cigar of 2008 with an outstanding 93-point rating. Additionally, it's still going strong, earning the #10 spot for 2011. ",Full,"['Belicoso', 'Churchill', 'Gordo', 'Robusto']",,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Belicoso, Churchill, Gordo, Robusto",No,Ligero,
Casa Turrent Serie 1901,Rated 4.25 out of 5,,"#12 Cigar in the world for 2016.The Turrent name carries a lot of weight in the cigar industry. The Turrent's have cornered the market in producing Mexican tobacco, a country of origin that has been steadily rising in popularity as of late. And Casa Turrent Serie 1901 utilizes their most premium Mexican crop, melds it with bold Nicaraguan tobaccos, and delivers the most decorated Turrent-branded release to date. The wrapper is a bit spotty (a norm with Mexican leaf), but don't let that deter you because once you spark this premium up, you'll be met with hints of sweet cedar, leather, mellow pepper, and nut. A perfect example of a cigar that meets all the criteria to land in the Top 25, give Casa Turrent Serie 1901 a visit soon.Good news, Casa Turrent Serie 1901 has received an astounding 94-rating, noting: ""Each puff envelops the palate with cocoa powder and coffee before a sweet, luxurious finish redolent of caramel and black cherry.""",Medium,['Gordo'],"Mexican, Nicaraguan","Mexican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Mexico,Yes,,Gordo,No,San Andres,
Cazadores by La Aurora,Rated 4 out of 5,,"A lion’s share of flavor at a roaringly low price.Since before the invention of sliced bread, La Aurora has been making cigars to fit any palate, and they're certainly no stranger to luxury. Founded in 1903, they've consistently produced incredible expressions of cigar expertise, and set standards for quality that remain unmatched by any would-be imitators to this day. There's just nothing like a La Aurora cigar, and the Cazadores is no exception. Don't let the price fool you, it's the only thing mouse-sized about these beauties!Utilizing a beautiful, silky Connecticut wrapper over an Indonesian binder and Dominican fillers, this is unlike any other cigar you’re tried at similar price points. You’ll forget that this is a value-priced cigar once your palate is graced by the mellow-bodied notes of cedar, pepper, and a touch of citrus. Grab a box to pass out to company, and you might end up not wanting to share!",Mellow,"['Belicoso', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Indonesian,Dominican,False,,More Details,Dominican Republic,Varies,,"Belicoso, Robusto, Toro",Varies,Connecticut,La Aurora
C'est La Vie,Rated 4.16 out of 5, Based on 208 Ratings ,"Well under a buck apiece.One glance at our ridiculously low prices, and you're probably wondering - how bad are these things? The answer: not bad at all. Made with a traditional 'Cuban sandwich' blend of Dominican and Nicaragua tobaccos topped with a Connecticut wrapper leaf, C'est La Vie offers a smooth, mellow to medium-bodied experience. There’s even a slightly sweetened option for an extra bit of added flavor. I'm not promising much here, but I'm more than confident they'll fit the bill for mowing the lawn or working around the yard. In fact, I wouldn’t be surprised if you found countless more opportunities to burn one. And the truth is, these are probably the cheapest full-sized cigars we carry….and they're surprisingly good.",Mellow,"['Churchill', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Brazil,"Dominican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Churchill, Robusto, Toro",Varies,Connecticut,
Charter Oak,Rated 4.82 out of 5, Based on 17 Ratings ,"Sign the charterNo matter how far we might stray from it, home will always be an important anchor for all of us. Foundation’s Charter Oak features tobaccos grown in the Connecticut River Valley of founder Nick Melillo’s home state. The name itself pays respect to a historically significant tree near which Native Americans would congregate and grow tobacco of their own. But the respect doesn’t stop there as Melillo also honors his grandfather, a WWII vet who enjoyed Connecticut tobaccos with Charter Oak. Made of a Connecticut Shade wrapper and fillers from the Jalapa and Estelí regions of Nicaragua, the Charter Oak elicits a creamy flavor accented with chocolate, and hints of roasted nuts and pepper.Good news! Charter Oak Connecticut has received an impressive 93-point rating, noting: ""Rich woods and complex herbs set the tone for this attractive robusto. Each puff leaves impressions of oaky vanilla, spearmint and caraway seeds along with floral notes and a cashew nuttiness.""",Medium,"['Gordo', 'Petite Corona', 'Rothschild', 'Toro']",Sumatra,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Gordo, Petite Corona, Rothschild, Toro",No,"Connecticut Broadleaf, Ecuador Connecticut",Foundation Cigar Company
Chillin' Moose,Rated 4.52 out of 5, Based on 306 Ratings ,"It’s finally time to answer the question: is it moose, or is it meese? (Meeses?)No matter. You’ll be chillin’ like a vill- ..er, moose, with this totally radical and unique blend from Foundry. Known for off the wall concoctions, Foundry has done it again, and managed to release a blend that doesn’t just break the mold – it redefines it. Turn up for this party and go home happier than a moose at an antler convention. Chillin’ Moose features a high quality long-filler filler blend of carefully selected Nicaraguan, Dominican, US Broadleaf, and Mexican San Andres tobacco leaves. On top of that, an Ecuador Sumatra binder and a Connecticut Habano Rosado wrapper complete the package. This combo aims to please, and better still, it’s a great cigar at an even better price. In a word, it’s moose-tacular!​",Mellow-Medium,"['Corona', 'Gigante', 'Robusto']",,,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Corona, Gigante, Robusto",No,Connecticut,
Chillin' Moose Too,Rated 4.35 out of 5, Based on 118 Ratings ,"Moose-tacular!Once the Foundry Tobacco Co. released the original Chillin’ Moose, it took little to no time for them to realize what a monster they created. A top-notch blend a super-value price point is a recipe for success any way you slice it. So naturally, a follow up was soon in the works. And this one, dubbed Chillin’ Moose Too, gives consumers a thicker, richer profile at the same value as its big brother. A different concoction all together from the original Chillin’ Moose, Chillin’ Moose Too sports a Connecticut Broadleaf wrapper, dark and leathery to the touch. Inside is a binder and filler blend from some of the lushest regions in Nicaragua. This 2 country devil’s brew delivers an expertly blended medium-bodied experience, rife with hints or sweet cedar, cocoa, moderate spice, and vanilla bean. The days of overpaying for delicious flavor are behind you, fill up the humi with the Moose of all value today. ​",Medium,"['Corona', 'Gigante', 'Robusto']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Corona, Gigante, Robusto",No,Connecticut Broadleaf,
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,Rated 3.66 out of 5, Based on 64 Ratings ,"Caviar taste on a pizza budget.Made by Caribe - makers of Camacho Corojo, Baccarat & Monte Carlo - this cigar is big on value. A ""Cuban-sandwich"" mixed filler cigar, rolled with high-quality tobaccos, Churchill Deluxe are your basic no-nonsense blends perfect for the golf course, fishing or for handing out to buddies who wouldn’t appreciate a $5 cigar anyway. Listen, if you’re burning ""Churchill Rejects"" or some other crummy machine-made homogenized brand, switch to this one. Same price, far superior quality, all-natural tobaccos and more bang for the buck. Made in Honduras from the aged trimmings long and short leaves left over after the manufacture of their long-filler name brands. For just over a buck apiece - watcha waiting for?",Mellow,"['Churchill', 'Robusto']",Honduran,Honduran,False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,"Churchill, Robusto",No,"Connecticut, Habano",
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,Rated 4.31 out of 5, Based on 950 Ratings ,"It’s true, too many cooks do indeed spoil the soup. So we whipped up a batch solo, and this simmerin’ pot’s about to boil over. Consider: all long-filler, USA Connecticut-wrapped Torpedos and Churchills for just under $1.75 apiece. Straight from one of industry’s most renowned factories to your doorstep with just a quick stopover at CI in the middle. Call it factory fresh, call it farm to table, call it like it is: one damn good deal. High-quality, mellow to medium-bodied beauties loaded with rich n’ creamy flavors for pennies on the dollar. They’re good, that’s a promise. If they weren’t we’d put someone else’s name on ‘em. ",Mellow-Medium,"['Churchill', 'Torpedo']",Habano,Connecticut,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Torpedo",No,Connecticut,
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,Rated 4.26 out of 5, Based on 744 Ratings ,"Fresh-Rolled, Rosado-style.We aim to please at CI. When we took pen to paper, crunched numbers to the bone, and delivered a savory blend entitled CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels, we knew we had a winner on our hands. Little did we know how fast, and how many would be flying off the docks. Keeping up with the demand is a battle, and we’ve been getting stink-eyes from purchasing ever since. But all office battles aside, we knew another addition to the line would be welcomed with opened arms. So after scouring the soils of Central America for a blend worthy enough to wear the CI name, we dialed in a sure bet winner. Hailing from the ultra-rich soils of Esteli, Nicaragua, CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado comes adorning a gorgeous San Agustin Rosado wrapper. Beneath the sheets, a bevy Cuban-seed long-fillers from Nicaragua and Honduras intertwine and deliver a slow burning, enjoyably smooth experience. Notes of sweet spice, wood, and cashew are just a few or the players, and with prices slashed just as much as its predecessor, you’ll be happily partaking in CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado anytime you choose!​",Medium,"['Churchill', 'Torpedo']",,"Honduran, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Churchill, Torpedo",No,Honduran,
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,Rated 4.43 out of 5, Based on 671 Ratings ,"Knock off a few dollars from your favorite coffee blendCI Knock-Offs have long been the be-all, end-all, when it comes to enjoying a fantastic cigar on a budget. Sure, you can pay for brand names and fancy packaging. Or, you could make the wise move, and enjoy blends that stack up inch for inch, puff for puff, for just pennies on the dollar. The newest entry in our esteemed, price-shaving profile? CI Knock-Offs Coffee: a cigar that's flavored to enjoy with everyone's favorite morning mug. Slightly sweet, with notes of cocoa and natural, crisp tobacco, these beauties are ready to enjoy any time of day. And at this price, you can easily afford to!",Mellow-Medium,"['Corona', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",,,True,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Corona, Toro, Torpedo",Yes,Maduro,CI Knock-Offs
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,Rated 4.23 out of 5, Based on 48 Ratings ,"A wee bit o’ Irish goodness, for just a wee bit o’ money.If you seriously enjoy the flavor of a great cigar, and you’re not easily swayed by brand names and fancy packaging, you should certainly keep CI Knockoffs stocked. The CI Knockoffs portfolio contains a wide range of brand-busting, dollar-shaving gems that are just as good as sticks costing 5 times as much. The Coffee Knockoff was an unabashed success, and now the newest CI Knockoff is here and ready to impress - the CI Knockoffs Coffee: Irish Cream! Imbued with the luxurious essence of whiskey, cream, coffee, and a smooth sweetness, this stick is just what you need to pair with your morning coffee or your evening nightcap, and at these prices, you can do both!",Mellow-Medium,"['Churchill', 'Lonsdale', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",,,True,False,More Details,,No,,"Churchill, Lonsdale, Robusto, Toro",No,Connecticut,CI Knock-Offs
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,Rated 4.15 out of 5, Based on 280 Ratings ,"Top-shelf taste, rock bottom price.When it comes to flavorful, top-shelf handmades, few do it better than the legendary, Cameroon-wrapped brand after which these were modeled. But with prices pushing nearly $500 per box, they're well out of reach for normal folks. So enjoy this knock-off instead - a tasty, well-made cigar utilizing a very comparable blend but at a fraction of the price.Cohiba is a registered trademark of General Cigar Corporation. ",Medium-Full,"['Cigarillos', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Cigarillos, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Cameroon,CI Knock-Offs
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,Rated 4.04 out of 5, Based on 328 Ratings ,"A full-flavored knock-off that stacks up well.Pennies compared to the continuously rising prices of their full-flavored Dominican counterpart, but eerily similar in flavor and quality. Expect solid construction and a full-bodied, complex taste that’s highly enjoyable and highly affordable. This Cuban sandwich style blend is the easiest way to keep your humidor chockfull of awesome handmades.La Gloria Cubana is a registered trademark of General Cigar Corporation. ",Full,"['Churchill', 'Corona', 'Gigante', 'Robusto', 'Torpedo']",,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Churchill, Corona, Gigante, Robusto, Torpedo",No,Ecuador Habano,CI Knock-Offs
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,Rated 4.41 out of 5, Based on 543 Ratings ,"Love Macanudo, but hate the price?CI Knock-Offs are really a treat. This is an everyday, affordable way to enjoy a comparable flavor for much cheaper. Handcrafted with Connecticut shade wrappers and Dominican mixed filler leaves. If you like regular Macanudos but dislike the price, these handmade knock-off beauties are for you.Macanudo is a registered trademark of General Cigar Corporation.",Mellow-Medium,"['Churchill', 'Corona', 'Gigante', 'Robusto', 'Torpedo']",,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Churchill, Corona, Gigante, Robusto, Torpedo",No,Connecticut,CI Knock-Offs
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,Rated 4.32 out of 5, Based on 687 Ratings ,"The classic taste of the world’s biggest brand, for a fraction of the price. Indeed. The time has come, and this newest CI Knock-Off may be the best yet. A surprisingly similar blend to one of the industry’s most respected names, these eerily similar-tasting handmades will save you a whole lotta cash. Each time you burn one of these smooth, creamy, and rich beauties, think about that Hamilton you saved, smile, then take another puff. You won’t miss much, but you’ll save so much cash you won’t know what to do with it all. Montecristo is a registered trademark of Altadis USA.",Mellow-Medium,"['Churchill', 'Corona', 'Gigante', 'Robusto', 'Torpedo']",,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Churchill, Corona, Gigante, Robusto, Torpedo",No,Connecticut,CI Knock-Offs
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,Rated 4.15 out of 5, Based on 234 Ratings ,"A delicious cigar that’s comparable in flavor to the big boys.This is a rich, robust and full-bodied gem handmade in the Dominican Republic. If you like full-flavored Dominican cigars such as Partagas, do your wallet a favor and try this knock-off on for size.Partagas is a registered trademark of General Cigar Corporation.",Medium-Full,"['Churchill', 'Corona', 'Gigante', 'Robusto']",,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Corona, Gigante, Robusto",No,Cameroon,CI Knock-Offs
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,Rated 4.22 out of 5, Based on 400 Ratings ,"Where art thou Romeo?Why part with your hard earned cash when you can grapple a nearly identical knock-off blend for a fraction of the price? Smooth, creamy, and enjoyable to the nub, these medium-bodied top-notch handmades deliver in every facet. You can thank me later.Romeo y Julieta is a registered trademark of Altadis USA.",Medium,"['Churchill', 'Corona', 'Gigante', 'Robusto', 'Torpedo']",,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Churchill, Corona, Gigante, Robusto, Torpedo",No,Sumatra,CI Knock-Offs
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,Rated 4.14 out of 5, Based on 73 Ratings ,"A whiter shade of CI Knock Offs.In terms of elegant, high-end brands, the iconic cigars that inspired this blend are easily number one. But along with their rich history comes an even richer price tag – and retail prices over $20+ each. At hand is a very close second, for about one tenth of the price. Enjoy this mellow, yet rich, Connecticut-wrapped beauty featuring aged Dominican long-fillers and a balanced profile. ​",Mellow-Medium,"['Churchill', 'Pyramid', 'Short Robusto', 'Toro']",Dominican,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Pyramid, Short Robusto, Toro",No,Connecticut,CI Knock-Offs
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,Rated 4.23 out of 5, Based on 47 Ratings ,"​CI legends is a series of cigars you can't do without.Arguably the hottest cigar-maker and blender in the industry, AJ Fernandez's edition of CI Legends is probably long overdue. With a deep bench of top-sellers and coveted blends, AJ is responsible for brands like Diesel, Man O' War, San Lotano, and a wealth of other blends for Gurkha, Padilla, Rocky Patel, and more. When it comes to AJ, flavor and quality are always top-notch - each blend offering a rich, Cuban-esque character and plenty of well-blended boutique charm. His blend for the Legends Series is no different. Crafted with a dark, top-grade Sun Grown Ecuadorian Sumatra wrapper and brimming with a robust blend of vintage Nicaraguan long-fillers, CI Legends by AJ Fernandez offers a hearty, medium-bodied profile. Notes of cream, oak, earth, coffee and pepper coat the palate before a clean, slightly sweet finish completes the ensemble. Delicious, expertly blended, and suitable for palates of all types, CI Legends by AJ Fernandez is an exceptional handmade....one that's most definitely on par with his much pricier offerings. To view the entire CI Legends Series, click on the following link. CI Legends Series​",Medium,['Toro'],,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,Toro,No,Ecuador Sumatra,AJ Fernandez
CI Legends by Drew Estate,Rated 4.77 out of 5, Based on 1424 Ratings ,"Drew Estate's finest creation.Jonathan Drew is a creative force, formulating some of the industry's most innovative cigars. His inspiration for the 'Copper Label' (this blend's former name) was a fusion of ACID, Natural, and traditional blends....and he nailed it. CI Legends by Drew Estate easily stands among the best infused cigars that Drew Estate produces. Hugged by a beautiful Ecuadorian Connecticut wrapper, this stunning handmade combines bold Nicaraguan long-fillers with a leaf of Dominican Piloto. These lush tobaccos have been carefully influenced by the delicious nuances of amaretto and hazelnut, completing a savory experience. After a sweet start, it coats the palate with loads of creamy flavor, offering a rich core of coffee flavors complemented by notes of hazelnut and pepper. Mellow to medium-bodied and oh-so-enjoyable.",Medium,['Toro'],,"Dominican, Nicaraguan",True,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,Toro,Yes,Ecuador Connecticut,Drew Estate Cigars
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,Rated 4.51 out of 5, Based on 79 Ratings ,"A sequel ten years in the makingCreating a follow-up to the original CI Legends by Drew Estate blend is a task we didn’t take lightly. The original Legends by DE is an absolute monster. A near-perfect cigar, with over 1,000 reviews and a 5-star rating. How do you top that? Well friends, we’ve finally found an answer. Introducing the CI Legends Black by Drew Estate – a delectable morsel that’s truly the “yin” to the original’s “yang.”Legends Black is a new infusion, leading to a richer, deeper experience than the original line. Featuring a Brazilian wrapper leaf over top-quality Nicaraguan long-fillers, this perfectly crafted handmade sings with the sweetness of a bar of chocolate, while adding enough complexity on the finish to stand up to a tall glass of bourbon. An instant classic. Quite simply: If it weren’t amazing, we wouldn’t put our name on it. Enjoy. ",Medium,['Lonsdale'],San Andres,,True,,More Details,Nicaragua,False,,Lonsdale,True,Brazilian,Drew Estate Cigars
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,Rated 4.38 out of 5, Based on 40 Ratings ,"​CI + EPC = Perfection.If you've been paying attention over the last couple of years you have likely heard of Ernesto Perez-Carrillo, the man famous for creating the Dominican La Gloria Cubana line and now the proud creator of his own highly-rated brand. He's a legend, no doubt, and the success of La Gloria - and his newer E.P. Carrillo brand - is plenty of proof. Earning a few 90+ ratings and the #2 Cigar of the Year in 2014 plus the #4 Cigar of the Year in 2016, it's safe to say this man knows how to craft fine cigars.The E.P. Carrillo Legends showcases the classic, medium-bodied profile that made him famous.  Draped in a silky-smooth Ecuadorian Sumatra wrapper and loaded with rich Nicaraguan and Dominican long-fillers, this smooth, Cuban-esque blend delivers plenty of flavor. Medium-bodied with a creamy core of coffee, oak, pepper, earth, and toasty tobacco, the Brown Label Legends is a flavorful, easy-going handmade you'll enjoy any time of day. To view the entire CI Legends Series, click on the following link. CI Legends Series​",Medium,['Toro'],,"Dominican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,Toro,No,Ecuador Sumatra,E.P. Carrillo
CI Legends by Graycliff,Rated 3.5 out of 5, Based on 6 Ratings ,"​For the definition of legend - see below.Avelino Lara’s achievement as the creator of the Cuban Cohiba blend could be considered a curse to some, as each of his new blends must live up to the incredibly lofty standards he set....for the industry and for himself. And time after time he clears that bar, as evidenced by his outstanding array of Graycliff blends. As you can imagine, Graycliff’s entry into the CI Legends series is bound to be an exciting one. A dark and oily Habano wrapper from Nicaragua cloaks a fine 2-country blend of supremely aged tobaccos from the Dominican and Nicaragua. This balanced mixture produces an explosion of rich and hearty nuances, noting hints of leather, earth, and coffee bean throughout the slow, smooth burn. Medium in body, balanced, and complex, this Legends is indeed delicious.To view the entire CI Legends Series, click on the following link. CI Legends Series​",Medium,['Toro'],,"Dominican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,Toro,No,Habano,CI Legends
CI Legends by La Aurora,Rated 4.82 out of 5, Based on 11 Ratings ,"​Two legends, one cigar.Known to the world as the Dominican Republic’s oldest and longest running cigar factory, La Aurora is a giant among giants. Guillermo Leon and Jose Blanco, the men controlling the high-end blends coming from this factory have taken this daunting task by the horns, in order to continue La Aurora’s legendary lineup of top-shelf classics and rival the already existing, highly popular Legends blends. Using a mouthwatering blend of aged tobaccos, their entry accomplishes both. Within a toothy Nicaraguan leaf, lies a fine blend of Corojo, Cubano Piloto and Nicaraguan tobaccos that has been aging since 2001. Experience an eventful bouquet of flavors with this mellow to medium-bodied beauty. A subtle peppery note mingles with an amaretto-like sweetness, complemented by an enjoyable, woodsy aroma and spicy aftertaste that lingers just long enough to satisfy til the next puff. Smooth from start to finish and pushing out plumes of thick, white smoke, Legends by La Aurora is a treat for the senses.To view the entire CI Legends Series, click on the following link. CI Legends Series​​",Medium,['Toro'],,"Dominican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,Toro,No,Habano,La Aurora
CI Legends by Oliva,Rated 4.16 out of 5, Based on 31 Ratings ,"​Oliva dives into legendary status.​Extremely flavorful, ultra-consistent Nicaraguan handmades – that's Oliva in a nutshell. Their cigars are impressive, no doubt. And their 50 ratings of '90' or better are undeniable. From their affordable Flor de Oliva bundles to their heralded Serie 'V', everything they make comes out perfect. Their addition to the CI Legends Series is no different. CI Legends by Oliva is carefully crafted with a rich blend of Nicaraguan long-fillers topped with an Ecuadorian Habano wrapper. This well-aged Cuban-seed combination is bold and balanced with notes of cedar, pepper, cream, and coffee.To view the entire CI Legends Series, click on the following link. CI Legends Series​",Medium-Full,['Toro'],,"Nicaraguan, United States",False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,Toro,No,Habano,Oliva
CI Legends by Pepin,Rated 4.2 out of 5, Based on 5 Ratings ,"​It takes a legend to make a legend.To keep it simple, Pepin Garcia is ‘blowing up.’ Famous for creating the heavily sought Tatuaje and My Father brands, expect nothing short of spectacular from this intoxicating submission. Upon first glance, it’s easy to see Pepin’s Cuban heritage. The veiny, natural-colored wrappers and well-placed triple-caps. A spicy, earthy pre-light aroma. Handmade in his new Nicaraguan factory, this impressive blend utilizes Pepin’s prized, 1st Generation Habano seed tobaccos, all grown in the black soils of Nicaragua. The Corojo wrapper is top-notch, delivering a strong, spicy flavor even before the cigar is lit. Inside, a well-aged mixture of select Habano-seed long-fillers combine to deliver an assortment of satisfying flavors. Sit down before lighting, because this gem is a powerhouse. Expect a peppery burst of flavor upfront, which gradually mellows into chewy notes of wood and earth. This transition makes the cigar’s spicy character an afterthought, lingering long on the aftertaste urging you back for another puff. Naturally, construction is incredible. Enjoy the even, cool burn thanks to a beautiful, solid roll. Delicious.To view the entire CI Legends Series, click on the following link. CI Legends Series​​",Medium-Full,['Toro'],,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,Toro,No,Corojo,CI Legends
CI Legends by Perdomo,Rated 4.2 out of 5, Based on 5 Ratings ,"A legend makes a legend.Nick Perdomo, founder of Tabacalera Perdomo, went buck-wild in producing arguably the tastiest Legend to date. In fact, it’s hard not to be downright giddy before, during and after sparking this beauty. Aesthetically, the cigar is stunning, a tightly wound, cigar with a dark, positively first-grade sun-grown Nicaraguan maduro wrapper leaf. This leaf is eye-popping: smooth with nary a vein, glistening with natural oils, and giving off a lovely sheen. Filled to the brim with an intricate blend of aged Nicaraguan fillers, Perdomo’s medium to full-bodied treat instantly awakens your taste buds with a potpourri of wide-ranging flavors. It’s not overly rich however, and the well-balanced profile mellows as you go, occupying the palate with clearly discernible earthy notes, followed by a slightly cedary undertone and mellow spiciness. The draw is impeccable - slow, cool, and deliberate - making this cigar journey one you’ll want to take over and over.To view the entire CI Legends Series, click on the following link. CI Legends Series​​",Medium-Full,['Torpedo'],,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,Torpedo,No,Habano,CI Legends
CI Legends by Rocky Patel,Rated 4.45 out of 5, Based on 31 Ratings ,"Rocky Patel: man, myth, or LEGEND!Within the past few years, Rocky Patel has reached super-stardom in the cigar industry. Indian Tabac helped put him on the map just 10 years ago, and more recently his astounding RP blends, including RP Vintage, RP Sun Grown and Edge have taken things up a notch. Each successive new blend seems to instantaneously become a darling, not only of Cigar Aficionado but of cigar enthusiasts everywhere - pleasing the most discriminating of connoisseurs. So we're proud to bring you Rocky’s entry into the sales juggernaut that is the CI Legends saga. His blend features a rich, patiently-fermented Corojo wrapper leaf that’s simply gorgeous – oily and toothy. The supremely-aged Honduran long-leaf fillers are plentiful, resulting in layers upon layers of deep, complex flavors including a toasty, coffee-like character and sweet creaminess, complemented by a pleasing charcoal aroma and medium-bodied profile.To view the entire CI Legends Series, click on the following link. CI Legends Series​",Medium,['Toro'],,Honduran,False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,Toro,No,Corojo,Rocky Patel Cigars
Cimarron Connecticut,Rated 5 out of 5,,"T13 – A whole new worldOver six decades ago, the Rodriguez family got their start in the cigar industry in the Cibao region of the Dominican Republic. Led today by Radhames “Ram” Rodriguez, this family business has grown into a powerhouse in a manner of years – with over 1,800 acres and an annual production of over 12 million cigars a year, it’s safe to say El Artista has arrived. Today, we celebrate their newest milestone in tobacco achievement: the release of Cimarron. Cimarron isn’t just any line of cigars. Instead, they’re the first blends to feature T13, a hybrid leaf developed by Ram Rodriguez himself that most closely resembles San VincenteFor the Connecticut version, Ram pairs an Ecuador Connecticut leaf overtop Dominican Negrito binder and a tri-country long-filler blend of Dominican, Colombian, and US tobaccos. Notching in at a mellow to medium body, Cimarron Connecticut is a unique spicy-sweet mixture with a naturally creamy core, and cedar-driven finish. ",Mellow-Medium,"['Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Dominican,"Colombian, Dominican",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Gordo, Robusto, Toro",No,Ecuador Connecticut,
Cimarron Maduro,Rated 5 out of 5,,"Peak cigar blissWhen you think of inspiration for a cigar line, most people wouldn’t imagine the Cimarron region of the US. Most famous in Oklahoma, the Cimarron region is rife with huge, icy mountains looming over raging rapids and wide forests – not exactly an ideal cigar burning environment. At least, not until Cimarron from Tabacalera El Artista was released. Featuring a bold, multi-country blend and a unique tobacco that was developed by El Artista’s founder, Ram Rodriguez, Cimarron is a smooth and pleasant experience punctuated by intense notes of spice. Wrapped in a toothy Mexican San Andres leaf, Cimarron Maduro delivers a spicy-sweet profile with hits of black pepper and cedar spice along the way. ",Medium-Full,"['Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",,"Colombian, Dominican",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Gordo, Robusto, Toro",No,San Andres,
CLE Azabache,Rated 4.57 out of 5,,"A good luck charmChristian Eiroa’s success can be attributed to his skills as a tobacco blender - but a little luck doesn’t hurt. The limited edition CLE Azabache is a full-bodied blend, named for a jet black gem used as a good luck charm in Honduras. This limited edition beauty is brimming with long-fillers from Honduras, Peru, and Nicaragua, all masked with a Mexican Maduro wrapper that’s as dark as it gets. Rare and complex with notes of coffee, leather, and spice, this is one cigar you’ve got to try. ",Medium-Full,"['Gordo', 'Short Robusto']",Honduran,"Honduran, Nicaraguan, Peruvian",False,No,More Details,Honduras,Yes,,"Gordo, Short Robusto",No,"Maduro, San Andres",
CLE Chele,Rated 4.83 out of 5, Based on 6 Ratings ,"A unique ConnecticutCLE Chele is a new offering from the cigar mind of Christian Eiroa. Known for creating fantastic brands like Camacho and Asylum, Christian has been innovating the game forever. And with Chele, slang for “white,” Christian continues his experiments with tobaccos. Unlike other Connecticut blends, this one packs a punch. At hand today is a medium bodied Connecticut wrapped gem, with long-filler tobaccos from Nicaragua. Throughout the cigar interesting notes of bread, earth, leather, and spice come through creating a nuanced, balanced flavor profile down to the nub. As you’d expect from the maker of Camacho, with its piles of 90+ ratings, construction and consistency are on point here. There’s nothing else I’ve got to say. If you know Christian’s work, you know this is one cigar you don’t want to miss out on. ​",Medium-Full,"['Corona Extra', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Torpedo']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,Yes,,"Corona Extra, Gordo, Robusto, Torpedo",No,Ecuador Connecticut,CLE
CLE Connecticut,Rated 4.14 out of 5, Based on 7 Ratings ,"A mellow masterpiece.Widely regarded as one of the best blend masters in the world, Christian Eiroa continues to impress with his CLE cigars. Based in Honduras, Christian’s blends are made up of top choice tobaccos and makes sure that each cigar is high quality and serves up big flavor.   Widely known for full-bodied cigars, Christian Eiroa took a leap in the opposite direction with this mellow to medium-bodied beauty. But rest assured, it delivers in spades. Draped in a flawless Ecuador Connecticut wrapper, and chock full of aged long-fillers from Honduras, each CLE Connecticut dishes out a barrage of soothing flavor. Hints of roasted nuts, cream, leather, and a dash of spices enter the fray before a long crisp finish. Refined and highly enjoyable, this is one you don't want to miss.Good News! CLE Connecticut has received a well-deserved 91-point rating, noting: ""A blond, lightly hued cigar with plenty of spice and mineral notes to segue into a complex palate of leather, orange peel and black pepper.""",Mellow-Medium,"['Corona Extra', 'Figurado', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Short Robusto']",,Honduran,False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,"Corona Extra, Figurado, Gordo, Robusto, Short Robusto",No,Ecuador Connecticut,CLE
CLE Corojo,Rated 4 out of 5, Based on 1 Rating ,"Zesty and Bold: Classic Christian EiroaThere are few blend masters in the world as innovative as Christian Eiroa. He’s been making cigars for over 20 years and it doesn’t seem like he’ll be slowing down anytime soon. These days, he’s crafting premiums under the CLE brand in Honduras - top quality gems that I just can’t seem to get enough of. CLE Corojo will definitely grab your attention with its full-bodied profile and plethora of complex nuances. This cigar can easily be called a classic corojo with zesty notes of earth, black pepper, oak, and roasted coffee - all of which are followed up with long and smooth finish. This beauty has received a well-deserved 90-rating, noting, “Earthy coffee notes lead to a sweet vanilla finish on this well-made, even-burning cigar. It is rolled with a bulging middle, tapered foot and three-seam cap.”",Full,"['Corona Extra', 'Figurado', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Short Robusto']",,Honduran,False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,"Corona Extra, Figurado, Gordo, Robusto, Short Robusto",No,Corojo,CLE
CLE Habano,Rated 4.05 out of 5,,"Another Gem From Mr. EiroaAnything Christian Eiroa touches seems to turn to gold. I’ve lost track of how many of his blends have received high praise from the critics, and I’d be even more hard pressed to count just how many of his cigars fly off our shelves during the course of a year.Mr. Eiroa is at it again with CLE Habano and like all of his cigars, this beauty is a decadent little gem that exudes a luxurious array of flavors that will excite your taste buds. Dressed to impress, CLE Habano sports a seamless Honduran Habano wrapper atop Honduran long-fillers. This premium is easily medium to full-bodied with a slew of flavor that soothes the soul. From first light to the last draw, this cigar as highly enjoyable - and it’s one you won’t want to miss.",Medium,['Gordo'],,Honduran,False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,Gordo,No,Habano,
CLE Prieto,Rated 4.57 out of 5, Based on 7 Ratings ,"The first Broadleaf from CLE With CLE Prieto, Christian Eiroa proves that, in some cases, it’s hip to be square. Lame jokes aside, this box-pressed Nicaraguan cigar is the newest offering from CLE, and is sure to deliver a bold, rich blend to any cigar enthusiast. While its sister blend CLE Chele is slang for white, this one is slang for dark. And Christian delivers on that “dark” theme by using the first Broadleaf maduro in any CLE release. All that being said, I’m sure you’d all just like to know how the blend turned out. And I’m happy to report, this was a successful experiment. CLE Prieto is a delicious medium to full-bodied blend that booms out thick clouds of smoke with every puff. Complex coffee and chocolate notes make this one a must-try for fans of robust blends. ​Good news, CLE Prieto has recently received a well-deserved 92-point rating, noting: ""Powerful first puffs of this robusto show a strong earthy and coffee character that mellows a bit to a sweet and nutty smoke. The draw and burn are even.""",Medium-Full,"['Corona Extra', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Torpedo']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,Yes,,"Corona Extra, Gordo, Robusto, Torpedo",No,Connecticut Broadleaf,CLE
CLE Signature Series Honduras,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 1 Rating ,"A second round knockout.CLE Signature Series returns for an encore. Made by Christian Eiroa, the mastermind behind the celebrated Camacho brand, CLE cigars have already earned a slew of 90+ ratings, and are produced in a small batch fashion with meticulous attention paid to even the smallest details. This cigar features flawless construction and abundant flavor and, unlike its predecessor, comes with bands.This new edition is made at Eiroa’s father’s Honduran factory, Las Lomas, and features a top secret blend of premium tobaccos. CLE Signature Series is enormously rich and flavorful, while remaining smooth and balanced. Boasting a complex profile, this stick is a thing of beauty with no soft spots and nearly invisible seams. This is a perfect cigar for marking a special occasion or just kicking back after a long work week. ",Medium,['Corona'],,,False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,Corona,No,Honduran,CLE
CLE Signature Series PLdM,Rated 5 out of 5,,"The fifth release from CLE.Christian Eiroa, master blender of CLE, has countless accolades to his name. Previously the man behind the esteemed Camacho brand, Eiroa blends passion with skill for a formidable combination. This venture is the first limited edition release to come out of the CLE camp, and they’re calling it CLE Signature Series PLdM. With exquisite construction and ample flavor, the only thing holding this gem back is minimal quantities, but Signature Series more than makes up for that with its quality. A seamless Corojo wrapper and binder grace the outer layers, while Corojo and Habano long-fillers are bunched together inside. Constructed to perfection with minimal veins visible, Signature Series PLdM is the epitome of complexity. Beginning with strong notes of leather, pepper, and nutmeg, it slowly transitions into a smooth sweetness with a noticeable spice on the retrohale. CLE Signature Series PLdM is a thing of beauty that’s worthy of a celebratory occasion, or just to cap off a long day on the job.Note: This CLE has recently been discontinued. Scoop up the last of our stock, 'cuz once this one's gone, it's gone for good!",Medium-Full,['Gordo'],Corojo,,False,No,More Details,United States,No,,Gordo,No,Corojo,CLE
Cohiba Black,Rated 4.63 out of 5, Based on 145 Ratings ,"Step into the darker side of Cohiba cigars.Creating a suitable new blend for a legendary brand like Cohiba is no easy task. But, cigar master Daniel Nunez was up to the challenge, and proudly presents Cohiba Black cigars, espresso-black gems from the Dominican Republic.Hugged by a bold, Connecticut Broadleaf wrapper, this hearty maduro is dark, oily and quite intimidating. Inside, a long-leaf blend of Dominican and Mexican tobaccos is bound by a flavorful sungrown Dominican Piloto leaf that has been patiently aged in tercio for 3+ years. This complex mixture is masterfully balanced to offer a smooth, satisfying cigar layered with robust flavors.​ Note: Cohiba Black has recently undergone a packaging update, and we currently have a mix of new and old packaging. You may receive either, but rest assured, the cigars will be exactly the same.   ",Medium-Full,"['Churchill', 'Cigarillos', 'Corona', 'Gigante', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Dominican,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Cigarillos, Corona, Gigante, Robusto, Toro",No,Connecticut Broadleaf,Cohiba
Cohiba Blue,Rated 4.29 out of 5, Based on 99 Ratings ,"For a limited time, receive FREE shipping on your entire order with purchase of select boxes of Cohiba Cigars!An Inclusive LuxuryCohiba – the brand that transformed its Cuban roots into a modern day legend. Anyone who knows anything about cigars has heard the name Cohiba. Every cigar in this portfolio is a beloved gem, praised for complex flavors and extravagant tastes. Now there’s a new Cohiba blend to be coveted by all – and it comes at a more inclusive price point. Cohiba Blue is rolled up into four crowd pleasing vitolas that showcase a gorgeously smooth Honduran wrapper which will wake the palate up right off the bat. Blue is filled with a three-country blend of Nicaraguan, Dominican, and Honduran tobaccos that are all held together by a Honduran habano binder. Produced in the Dominican Republic but heavy on the Honduran tobacco, this new gem is an inviting medium-bodied blend that is rife with rich hints of sweet leather, earth, cream, and cinnamon. It’s about time we could all indulge in another fine Cohiba, give Blue a taste and don’t look back. Note: Cohiba Blue has recently undergone a packaging update, and we currently have a mix of new and old packaging. You may receive either, but rest assured, the cigars will be exactly the same.   ",Medium,"['Churchill', 'Robusto', 'Rothschild', 'Toro']",Honduran,"Dominican, Honduran, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,Varies,,"Churchill, Robusto, Rothschild, Toro",Varies,Honduran,Cohiba
Cohiba Connecticut,Rated 4.6 out of 5, Based on 25 Ratings ,"For a limited time, receive FREE shipping on your entire order with purchase of select boxes of Cohiba Cigars!The most legendary name in cigars, gold plated.When you see the name Cohiba on a cigar band, you already know you’re in for a good experience. The folks who make them are very aware of this, and they work hard to uphold that reputation. Since 1966, they haven’t done anything halfway, and certainly don’t cut corners. That’s why when I heard that they were finally going to release a cigar with a Connecticut wrapper, I could hardly contain myself. I couldn’t wait to get my hands on a box.The blend for this cigar is, in a word, impressive. Inside, a veritable feast of Brazilian Mata Fina, Dominican Olor, Dominican Piloto Cubana, and Nicaraguan Jalapa fillers dancing beneath a rich, flavorful Mexican San Andres binder. But let’s be honest, it’s the wrapper that caught your eye, and for good reason. This beautiful blonde leaf is from Ecuador’s Los Rios province, and grown beneath natural cloud cover yielding a beautiful golden color and almost imperceptible veins. Expect a bounty of cream, toast, nuts, and a subtle spice that’ll go perfect with your morning coffee, or any occasion worth celebrating. It’s the most well-known name in cigars, with the best-selling wrapper leaf, how could you go wrong?",Medium,"['Gigante', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Mexican,"Brazilian, Dominican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Gigante, Robusto, Toro",No,Ecuador Connecticut,Cohiba
Cohiba Macassar,Rated 4.23 out of 5, Based on 122 Ratings ,"For a limited time, receive FREE shipping on your entire order with purchase of select boxes of Cohiba Cigars!Mama-say, mama-sah, ma MacassarWalk up to anyone on the streets, ask them to name a cigar brand, and chances are they're gonna say ""Cohiba."" Cohiba has built their legacy brick by brick for decades, from their Cuban origins to their innovative new blends like Cohiba Nicaragua. With Cohiba Macassar, the Modern Luxury line continues its epic streak of successes. This new blend represents the pinnacle of the brand's offerings. They're big shoes to fill, but I promise you, Cohiba Massacar is the real deal. Each box of 10 is packaged in an elegant wood case made with ebony macassar, some of the rarest hardwoods in the world. For the blend, Cohiba has put together an insane collection of tobaccos. Burning this top-shelf stogie you'll get nuances of wood, spice, creamy earth, and most importantly, an unforgettable cigar experience like no other. Put this one on your wish list or snag a box ASAP, because Cohiba Macassar is redefining the game.  ",Medium-Full,"['Double Corona', 'Gigante', 'Toro']",Connecticut Broadleaf,"Dominican, Mexican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Double Corona, Gigante, Toro",No,Connecticut,Cohiba
Cohiba Nicaragua,Rated 4.44 out of 5, Based on 61 Ratings ,"For a limited time, receive FREE shipping on your entire order with purchase of select boxes of Cohiba Cigars!​Stepping into uncharted territoriesCohiba, the king of the crop, the deity of the Dominican, has accomplished almost everything there is in this industry. One of the most recognizable names in the land, Cohiba has pumped out countless Dominican favorites over the years. Now, they are on to new horizons, getting their feet wet for the first time in the fertile soils of Nicaragua with the release of the Cohiba Nicaragua.This concoction of finely aged leaves boasts a bolder profile than many we’ve come to know from Cohiba. Adorned with a milk chocolaty Sun Grown Colorado Oscuro wrapper, this prize looks good enough to eat. Brimming with Nicaraguan long-fillers from Jalapa and Esteli all hugged by a Nicaraguan binder also from Jalapa, this is one medium to full-bodied masterpiece prime for the pickin’. Complex notes of cedar, leather, and pepper meld beautifully causing those who partake to begin frantically searching for another as soon as they see the nub is in reach.Cohiba Nicaragua was recently honored with a well-deserved 91-rating. The review stated, ""Notes of white pepper and cumin lead to a bold coffee bean character before the sweet, fruity finish. It's a dark and oily cigar that draws and burns evenly."" Note: Cohiba Nicaragua has recently undergone a packaging update, and we currently have a mix of new and old packaging. You may receive either, but rest assured, the cigars will be exactly the same.    ",Medium-Full,"['Cigarillos', 'Corona', 'Gordo', 'Robusto']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Cigarillos, Corona, Gordo, Robusto",No,"Honduran, Oscuro",Cohiba
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,Rated 4.05 out of 5, Based on 249 Ratings ,"Ready yourself, this one's got some kick!The Cohiba Puro Dominicana cigar brings the heat. This is a flavorful sucker, an enchanting cigar that is purely Dominican, a 100% puro, one blended to provide a full-bodied, full-flavored profile that is purely Cohiba. Cohiba Puro Dominicana is robust and eventful, thanks to an oily Dominican natural wrapper that cloaks a bold recipe of Dominican long-fillers. To maximize these tobaccos, each and every hand of tobacco was patiently aged 'en tercio', within charcoaled wooden barrels producing a satisfying, oaky flavor with ample spice that's smooth and balanced throughout. Powerful, yet refined and elegant, this is the Cohiba cigar you've been asking for!​Note: You're not going crazy! Cohiba Puro Dominicana's are back from the grave, and we can all rejoice and enjoy this fantastic premium once again. In times like this, it's great to be a cigar enthusiast. ",Medium-Full,"['Churchill', 'Corona', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Dominican,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Corona, Robusto, Toro",No,Habano,Cohiba
Cohiba Red Dot,Rated 4.49 out of 5, Based on 557 Ratings ,"For a limited time, receive FREE shipping on your entire order with purchase of select boxes of Cohiba Cigars!The result of five intense years of research, the famous Cohiba cigar brand is now available in limited quantities in the US market.Often called ""red dot"" Cohibas due to the markings on the band, this exquisite cigar offers a medium-bodied flavor and a strong, smooth and incredibly rich character. Handmade with a toothy Cameroon wrapper and aged mixture of Dominican-grown Piloto Cubano tobaccos, Cohiba's blend sets the standard among today's premium cigars.Cohiba received well-deserved '91' and '92' ratings noting: ""Well made with a good draw, Cohiba has a solid core of distinctly nutty flavors that have an underlying creaminess. French peanut notes and a touch of caramel on the finish make this a very tasty medium-bodied smoke.""​​Note: Cohiba Red Dot has recently undergone a packaging update, and we currently have a mix of new and old packaging. You may receive either, but rest assured, the cigars will be exactly the same.",Medium,"['Churchill', 'Cigarillos', 'Corona', 'Lonsdale', 'Petite Corona', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Cigarillos, Corona, Lonsdale, Petite Corona, Robusto, Toro",No,Cameroon,Cohiba
Cohiba Royale,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 2 Ratings ,"A Cohiba fit for a king.For discerning connoisseurs who know a good cigar when they see one, Cohiba has no equal. Carefully crafted blends, precise construction, and exacting quality control standards are what makes Cohiba fly off the shelves, and now the most recognizable name in cigars is dropping their strongest blend to date.Broadleaf wrappers grown in Nicaragua are a rarity in the cigar world, and the one covering the Cohiba Royale is one of the most beautiful you’ll ever see. Dark, oily, and bursting with flavor, this prized leaf from the Jamastran province covers a Dominican Piloto binder and long-fillers from Nicaragua and Honduras. In true Cohiba fashion, each leaf in the blend has been aged for 5-6 years, smoothing any sharp edges while keeping the strength and spice intact, as well as heavy, full-bodied notes of espresso, earth, leather, and dried fruit. Grab a box of Cohiba Royale, and enjoy the taste of true luxury.",Medium-Full,"['Robusto', 'Short Robusto', 'Toro']",Dominican,"Dominican, Honduran, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Honduras,False,,"Robusto, Short Robusto, Toro",False,Nicaraguan,Cohiba
Cohiba Spectre CS19,Rated 4.23 out of 5,,"The definition of opulent.Let’s rewind to IPCPR 2018, to the General Cigar booth. A cigar was unveiled that was totally unlike any cigar that came before, and used such high-quality tobacco with such meticulous processing, it blew all the competition totally out of the water. While the price of admission was high, it was undeniably worth every penny. That cigar was the Cohiba Spectre, and now General has upped the ante on their finest release yet with a new Spectre release. This is definitely a cigar you won’t want to sleep on.There’s just one roller and one buncher in the entire factory skilled enough to produce this masterpiece. A quartet of some of the finest filler leaves in the world from three different countries are carefully rested in rum barrels before being transferred to airtight palm tree bundles for additional aging. The binder is wrapper-quality USA Broadleaf, ensuring a perfect burn and exquisite flavors. But the Nicaraguan wrapper is undoubtedly the cherry on top, having undergone an extra 12 weeks of fermentation in order to provide the richest and most delectable flavor possible. All the tobacco used is at least 5 years old, and all the completed cigars are treated to a 6-8 week nap in cedar shavings before being draw-tested so you never have to worry about a dud. Let’s take a look at the anatomy:Wrapper: Extra-fermented Nicaraguan JalapaBinder: 5+ year aged wrapper-quality USA BroadleafFiller: Brazil Matafina, Nicaragua Esteli, Nicaragua Jalapa, Dominican Piloto CubanoThe naturally sweet, opulent flavors produced by the Spectre have to be tasted to be believed. This will easily be one of the best cigar experiences you’ll have in your life, starting with the beautifully designed boxes and ending with a nub that’s too small to hold and a memory that will last a lifetime. Those with the chance to burn one of these would be remiss to pass it up, because they certainly won’t last long.",Medium-Full,['Toro'],Connecticut Broadleaf,"Brazilian, Dominican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,Toro,No,Nicaraguan Jalapa,
Cojimar Private Collection Maduro,Rated 3.88 out of 5, Based on 33 Ratings ,"A modern-day classic goes darkCojimar Private Collection Natural quickly proved that the Cojimar brand is awesome, and here to stay. Named after a famous fishing town right outside of Havana, Cuba, this Cuban-esque brand is manufactured under the watchful eyes of the fan and industry-favorite Gurkha brand. While the Natural version of this cigar was smooth sailin’, this one’s a dark, rich experience that all Maduro lovers can get behind. Delivering a medium to full-bodied cocktail of chocolate, earth, leather, and a slight spice, the Cojimar Private Collection Maduro is a must try cigar if you want an awesome cigar to toast up. It ain’t often I cough up top dollar for a cigar, but a premium like this is truly worth every penny. Do yourself a favor and grab a 5-pack, you won’t regret it. ​",,"['Robusto', 'Toro']",Dominican,"Dominican, Honduran, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Robusto, Toro",No,"Connecticut, Connecticut Broadleaf, Maduro",
Comfortably Numb by Espinosa Vol. 1,Rated 4.57 out of 5, Based on 30 Ratings ,"Espinosa gets comfortableErik Espinosa may be regarded as a young buck in this industry, but if you've tasted any of his cigars in recent years, it's very clear he knows what he's doing. Espinosa is a Cuban native with a solid history in cigars. He's worked as a shop owner, factory manager, and not long ago opened up his own factory in Esteli, Nicaragua. He's been the mastermind behind some well-known brands such as Murcielago and 601 and his innovation shines through in Comfortably Numb Vol. 1. This psychedelic inspired cigar comes in one perfected size to offer a great balance. It's dressed in an Ecuador Habano wrapper and brims with hand-selected long-fillers from Nicaragua. It offers a complex flavor profile with notes of coffee, cedar, earth, a bit of sweetness and some spice on the finish. Check out a box today and see what this guy is all about. ",Medium,['Toro'],Corojo,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,Toro,No,Ecuador Habano,Espinosa
Comfortably Numb Vol. 2,Rated 4.67 out of 5, Based on 15 Ratings ,"This tobaccy’s pretty whacky!Erik Espinosa is a far-out dude, and his cigars consistently stay on the best-sellers lists longer than the duration of a Grateful Dead concert. If cigars are a counter-culture, then Espinosa is a modern-day Timothy Leary, taking our palates to new heights and reimagining what draws us to cigars in the first place. If the psychedelic-themed Comfortably Numb Vol. 1 didn’t open your third eye, buckle up and spark up his newest creation: Comfortably Numb Vol. 2.  If the far-out packaging doesn’t grab your attention, then the blend definitely will. Comprised of a Nicaraguan and Honduran Ligero filler blend surrounded by a Corojo Ligero wrapper, this cool cat pumps out groovy notes of cedar, red pepper, and a toasty savoriness that’ll have you feeling comfortable in no time. This is the perfect blend for all of you easy-riders out there, so break out the shades, chuck a peace sign, and cruise with Espinosa’s Comfortably Numb Vol. 2.",Medium-Full,['Toro'],,,False,,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,Toro,No,Maduro,Espinosa
Conspiracy Cigars by Cult,Rated 4.67 out of 5,,"How great this cigar is, is not a ConspiracyCult certainly likes to keep things interesting, but there are no gimmicks, cover-ups, or ruses with their latest cigar Conspiracy. What you get is another flavorful creation by the unique boutique brand carefully crafted out of the TACASA factory in Esteli, Nicaragua. A palate pleaser for sure, Conspiracy is loaded with well-aged Nicaraguan long-fillers combined with a blend of binders from Nicaragua, Mexico, and Indonesia all wrapped up in an Ecuador Habano leaf. This tasty stick offers a complexity of red pepper spice, sweet earth, oak, and cocoa. Any suspicions you may have is the amazingly low price of these premiums, but that’s no joke. Take the tin foil hat off, and stock up on Conspiracy. You’ll be glad to have extra after you try these delicious cigars.",Medium,['Gordo'],,,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,Gordo,No,Habano,
Cornelius & Anthony Aerial,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 1 Rating ,"Fly high with C&A!While Cornelius & Anthony may be (relatively) new to the industry, you wouldn’t guess it from looking at the portfolio. Now the proud owner of a half dozen fan-favorite lines, this boutique offering has been working overtime the last few years to quickly establish a name for themselves. Perhaps the most popular blend? Aerial, a cigar handmade in the La Zona factory in Esteli, Nicaragua. Those who love a full-flavored blend may have checked out as soon as they realized this one was Connecticut, but I’d implore you to give Aerial a second look. Sure, it’s a light colored wrapper, but the flavor is like no other. The secret? A proprietary USA binder that adds loads of spice and complexity to the Ecuadorian Connecticut wrapped treat. The typical cream and slight cedar are there, joined by droves of black pepper and a natural grassiness. If you’ve been looking for a Cornelius & Anthony cigar to jump aboard, this might just be the one… ",Medium,"['Corona', 'Gordo', 'Toro']",,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Corona, Gordo, Toro",No,Ecuador Connecticut,
Cornelius & Anthony Daddy Mac,Rated 4.33 out of 5, Based on 27 Ratings ,"The big Mac! Growing tobacco within Southern Virginia since the 1860’s, it’s safe to say that the Baileys know a thing or two about the leaf. So while the Cornelius & Anthony name may be new to the world of premium cigars, you can rest assured knowing you’re still looking at generations of history and knowledge of growing and cultivating tobaccos. Today, we shine the spotlight on the blend honoring Steven Bailey’s father: the Daddy Mac.Wrapped in a rich Brazilian wrapper leaf, the Daddy Mac also features Ecuadorian binder and Nicaraguan long-fillers. Handmade in the La Zona Factory in Esteli Nicaragua, each Daddy Mac delivers a medium to full-bodied profile that’s layered with sweet and spicy flavors. It’s a perfect balancing act, one that we’re sure will make Papa Bailey proud. After all, if he didn’t like it, he probably wouldn’t let them put his picture on every box! Good news! Daddy Mac has been honored with a 90-point rating, noting: ""Draped in an oily reddish wrapper and crafted with a three-seam cap, this cigar has a lush draw that imparts notes of pepper and leather with a touch of red wine.""",Medium-Full,"['Corona', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Corona, Gordo, Robusto, Toro",No,Brazilian,
Cornelius & Anthony Meridian,Rated 5 out of 5,,"The OG Stephen Bailey’s family has been in tobacco for years and years, but it was only a few years ago they got into the premium cigar game. And they got in good. Quickly releasing about a half dozen blends, each C&A release has been met with loads of critical acclaim. But let’s not forget their roots – Meridian, the handmade cigar that started it all. Cornelius & Anthony Meridian is manufactured in the La Zona factory in Esteli, Nicaragua, and sports a toothy, reddish Ecuadorian Habano wrapper leaf. Underneath, Nicaraguan binder and Dominican and Nicaraguan long-fillers meld together into a nutty core of flavor, featuring nice fruity sweetness and a sharp spiciness with a long, satisfying finish. ",Medium-Full,"['Corona', 'Toro']",Nicaraguan,"Dominican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Corona, Toro",No,Varied,
Cornelius & Anthony Mistress,Rated 5 out of 5,,"mistress [mis-tris] - something regarded as feminine that has control or supremacyThat was the definition that Cornelius & Anthony based the name of one of their 2018 IPCPR Convention & Trade Show inclusions off of. Always the storytellers, Cornelius and Anthony gave a nod to what they felt many women tend to think of cigars as being when their significant others leave their company to enjoy a leisurely burn. With that thought in mind, the company developed The Mistress cigar into a curvy delicacy with balanced and vivid flavors that can captivate the senses of anyone looking for a good time.     Wrapped in an Ecuadorian Habano wrapper, The Mistress is composed of American-grown broadleaf binder and Pennsylvanian broadleaf ligero fillers, creating a full-bodied profile filled with with notes of sweet natural tobacco, earth, cinnamon, nutmeg, wood, and pepper to please the palate. If you're looking for something outside of your norm, we suggest indulging in your own Mistress experience.   ",Full,"['Corona Gordo', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Pennsylvania Broadleaf,Pennsylvania,False,,More Details,Nicaragua,False,,"Corona Gordo, Gordo, Robusto, Toro",False,Ecuador Habano,
Cornelius & Anthony Senor Esugars,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 1 Rating ,"Your new sidekickA passion project from the Cornelius & Anthony founder, Senor Esugars was in development for over three years before it was released. Finally releasing at the 2017 IPCPR trade show, Senor Esugars is named after founder Stephen Bailey’s pet Daschund, or as Stephen Bailey calls him, his sidekick. Handmade at the La Zona factory in Esteli, Nicaragua, Senor Esugars features a Mexican San Andres wrapper leaf overtop US binder and Nicaraguan long-filler tobaccos. The blend is powerful and flavorful, weighing in at a medium to full-body, and dishing out notes of black pepper, berry-like sweetness, and a lot of red pepper spice. It’s a blend that’ll most certainly satisfy lovers of full-bodied blends, so if you’re in the mood to try a great new boutique blend, this one’s your Huckleberry. ",Medium-Full,"['Gordo', 'Toro']",Habano,"Dominican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,Varies,,"Gordo, Toro",Varies,San Andres,
Crowned Heads CHC Reserve XVIII,Rated 4 out of 5,,"A mouthful of a name, a ton of flavorJon Huber’s incredibly successful Crowned Heads brand is without a doubt one of the boutique manufactures we hear the most buzz about. From their start in the industry with the uber-popular Four Kicks, to the release of the annual Las Calavares blend, Crowned Heads has gained quite the cult following. But it wasn’t until 2018 that they actually put the company’s name on one of their releases. Today, we welcome the first cigar to bear the Crowned Heads name, Crowned Heads CHC Reserve XVIII. The Crowned Heads CHC Reserve XVIII is a limited-edition blend crafted to honor the brand’s dedicated fans (jokingly referred to as their ‘Court’). Utilizing a Mexican San Andres wrapper leaf overtop Ecuadorian binder and Nicaraguan long-fillers, this medium to full-bodied blend features tons of chocolate and toasted woodsy notes, complimented by hints of red and black pepper as the burn progresses. ",Medium,"['Corona', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Corona, Robusto, Toro",No,San Andres,Crowned Heads
Crowned Heads Four Kicks,Rated 4.29 out of 5, Based on 17 Ratings ,"Sticking to their guns.As people, we all adhere to normalcy. From what we eat and drink, to running around like mindless ants to get to where we're going. We're all victims of 'normal'. But at the end of the day, normal can get boring, fast. That's where cigar companies like Crowned Heads come into play. Influenced by the edgy, rebellious, and determined lyrics of the band, Kings of Leon, Crowned Heads goes against the programming of everyday handmades. Without further adieu, enter their first creation, Four Kicks cigars. Their motto is simple, yet loud and clear. Stick to who you are, stay loyal to those you care about, and never forget where you came from.Crafted under the watchful eye of E.P. Carrillo in the Dominican, Four Kicks brings the substance in spades. At first glance, it's easy to think of this is as a powerhouse cigar. But a closer look reveals a medium-bodied cigar bursting with flavor. It all starts with a smooth, reddish-brown Ecuador Habano wrapper. This leaf is seamlessly applied to a core of Nicaraguan long-fillers hugged by a Nicaraguan binder. From the first puff, the senses are met with a wave of chewy, spicy-sweet flavors. Nuts, leather, and a steady dose of pepper join forces with creamy, cedary undertones. There's a lot going on, but one thing is for sure. It works, and works well. Complex, interesting, and one eye-catching handmade, this should be on your to try list. Four Kicks already caught the eye of critics earning a 91-rating in the process, noting: ""There is a significant earthy character to this smoke, balanced by a sweet and spicy component and a black pepper finish."" ",Medium,"['Corona', 'Pyramid', 'Robusto', 'Robusto Extra', 'Toro']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Corona, Pyramid, Robusto, Robusto Extra, Toro",No,Ecuador Habano,Crowned Heads
Crowned Heads Four Kicks Maduro,Rated 4 out of 5, Based on 2 Ratings ,"Crowned Heads gets a black beltBack in 2010, four former CAO employees started a little boutique brand known as Crowned Heads, led by Jon Huber. Their first blend, Four Kicks, was a huge success, and now they’ve re-blended the original release with master blender Ernesto Perez-Carrillo Jr. Offered up in the same four sizes as the original Four Kicks release, this darker retelling of the Crowned Heads story is most certainly worth checking out. It all starts with a toothy and rustic Connecticut Habano maduro wrapper leaf that gives off tons of cocoa and chocolate aromas as soon as you remove the cellophane. Toasting Four Kicks Maduro up, you’ll find those chocolatey notes in spades, backed by creaminess, and a nice core of toasty, natural tobaccos flavors. Never inching all the way into the “full-bodied” category, this cigar is a perfect choice for all-day enjoyment. Good news! Four Kicks Maduro has earned a well-deserved 90-point rating, noting: ""Enrobed in a dark and oily wrapper, this slim cigar delivers notes of almond, coffee and wood interwoven with pleasant touches of cocoa and herbs. A bold cigar."" ",Medium,"['Corona', 'Robusto', 'Robusto Extra', 'Toro']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Corona, Robusto, Robusto Extra, Toro",No,Habano Connecticut,Crowned Heads
Crowned Heads Headley Grange,Rated 4.75 out of 5, Based on 4 Ratings ,"Already turning some 'heads'.The fellas at Crowned Heads are always thinking outside of the box. If you ever get a chance to chat with them, you'll quickly realize normal is for the birds. After all, it's not every day that a cigar is crafted to resemble the heavy, methodical drum-beat of 'When The Levee Breaks'. But that's exactly what they set out to do. Created once again under the skillful eye of E.P. Carrillo, Crowned Heads vivid vision quickly became a reality. Only a few years in existence, Crowned Heads is quickly building an impressive resume. And without a doubt, one of its highlights is Headley Grange. A smooth Ecuador Sumatra wrapper embraces rich, bold Nicaraguan long-fillers. Then, each cigar is gently box-pressed for a stunning presentation. The profile is medium to full-bodied emitting a buttery smooth nutty sweetness, that fuses nicely with coffee, nutmeg, and leather. I don't know if it reminds me a drum, but one thing I do know is it's damn hard to put down. Headley Grange has already made its way into the 90+ rated club! Earning a well-deserved 91-rating, it also ranked 24th in Cigar Aficionado's Top 25 Cigars of the Year. Here's what the critics had to say: ""The cigar is medium to full in body, with rich coffee flavors as well as notes of almond and spice, a solid follow-up to the first Crowned Heads cigar, Four Kicks.""",Medium-Full,"['Corona', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Robusto Extra', 'Toro']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,Varies,,"Corona, Gordo, Robusto, Robusto Extra, Toro",No,Ecuador Sumatra,Crowned Heads
Crowned Heads J.D. Howard Reserve,Rated 4.67 out of 5, Based on 9 Ratings ,"A real American outlaw.Look out, because I’m about to drop some knowledge: the infamous Jesse James spent most of his years robbing banks and causing a ruckus in the Wild, Wild West. That’s a true story, son! But when he wasn’t kicking ass and taking names, he spent a good amount of time living peacefully in Nashville under the alias “Howard.... J.D. Howard."" This inventive blend was inspired by his legacy.J.D. Howard Reserve is the third core line from Crowned Heads LLC, and is a fitting follow up to the Four Kicks and Headley Grange lines. Featuring an ultra-dark and toothy Brazilian Arapiraca wrapper, Ecuadorian Sumatra binder, and hand-selected long-fillers from Nicaragua, there's plenty of flavor in-store. Notes of wood, spice and coffee are present throughout a medium to full-bodied profile that's hard to resist. ",Medium-Full,"['Lancero/Panatela', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Sumatra,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Lancero/Panatela, Robusto, Toro",No,Brazilian,Crowned Heads
Crowned Heads Jericho Hill,Rated 3.78 out of 5, Based on 9 Ratings ,"An ode to the Man in Black.No, not Will Smith. This cigar is dedicated to the true Man in Black, the one and only Johnny Cash. The folks over at Crowned Heads are  sticking to their musically themed cigar lines and have decided to honor Cash with their newest release, Jericho Hill. One of the most influential American singer/songwriters of all time, Johnny’s checkered past compelled him to perform one of his most famous tracks –  Cocaine Blues, from his renowned concert at Folsom Prison. This is the ballad of a scorned man named Willy Lee whose drug induced rage got him arrested by a sheriff from Jericho Hill. Every aspect of this cigar takes inspiration from the song.Jericho Hill boasts a dark and sultry Mexican San Andres wrapper, which is a nod to both Juarez, Mexico, where Willy Lee was arrested, and to Johnny’s nickname, “Man in Black.” Nicaraguan long-fillers and a Nicaraguan binder help to give Jericho Hill some serious attitude (just like Johnny had). Stuffed to the brim with blasts of pepper, spice, and leather, this is one full-bodied firecracker. Only the most potent of blends would suffice in paying tribute to a legend of Johnny Cash’s stature, and this one fits the bill. RIP, JC.Crowned Heads Jericho Hill received a well-deserved 90-rating noting: ""Dark in appearance and flatly pressed, this cigar starts out herbal and woody, but develops heartier notes of toast, nuts and spice that lead to a licorice finish. """,Medium-Full,"['Corona', 'Double Corona', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Corona, Double Corona, Robusto, Toro",No,San Andres,Crowned Heads
Crowned Heads Jericho Hill Juarez,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 1 Rating ,"A cheaper travel ticket to Jericho Hill.Jericho Hill is Crowned Heads' ode to the Man in Black - Johnny Cash. It's earthy, rich, and complex, and the Jericho Hill Juarez brings you that heady flavor for much more accessible cost of entry. You'll get a Mexican San Andres-wrapped, medium-full bodied masterpiece, chock full of Dominican & Nicaraguan long-fillers secured by an Ecuador Sumatra binder. These cigars were inspired by the song ""Cocaine Blues', but we promise they have a much happier ending. ",Medium-Full,['Toro'],"Ecuador, Sumatra","Dominican, Nicaraguan",False,,More Details,Nicaragua,False,,Toro,False,San Andres,Crowned Heads
Crowned Heads La Imperiosa,Rated 4.7 out of 5, Based on 20 Ratings ,"A crowning achievement.Crowned Heads is a different breed of cigar company. With a rebellious take-no-prisoners attitude and a small batch approach to blending, they already boast a slew of highly-rated cigars. From their core lines to their limited edition blends, Crowned Heads cigars are among the most popular and talked about sticks today.Las Calaveras 2014 was a limited edition blend that is widely considered as a modern classic. All but impossible to find these days, Crowned Heads listened to the cries for more and resurrected the exact same blend in a regular production cigar…meet La Imperiosa. Hailing from the My Father factory in Nicaragua, this hearty blend comes lovingly dressed in an oily and dark Ecuadoran Habano Oscuro wrapper concealing a choice blend of Nicaraguan long-fillers. La Imperiosa is full-bodied and oh so delicious with highlights of red pepper, fruit, earth, and leather. The complex and rich notes are perfectly balanced and will have your palate begging for more. ​",Full,"['Corona', 'Double Robusto', 'Robusto', 'Rothschild']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Corona, Double Robusto, Robusto, Rothschild",No,Ecuador Habano,Crowned Heads
Crowned Heads Las Calavares EL 2017,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 1 Rating ,"An annual boutique legendCrowned Heads’ yearly release of the Las Calaveras is meant to serve as a celebration of life that also calls attention to those we’ve lost in years past. Since its first iteration in 2014, the blends have changed, but the essence and purpose of Las Calaveras has remained steady. The 2017 version of this popular blend encases lively Nicaraguan filler in an Ecuador Habano wrapper for a complex and fulfilling blend. Three rows of eight cigars represent life’s beginning and end, and eternal life. Just like life though, these won’t last forever and we’re expecting them to sell out quickly, so get yours today. ",Medium-Full,['Robusto'],Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,Robusto,No,"Ecuador Habano, Maduro",
Crowned Heads Las Calaveras EL 2018,Rated 5 out of 5,,"The LE turns fiveFor the last five years, the Las Calaveras from Crowned Heads has consistently been among the best-selling small-batch, limited edition cigars we receive. And that’s saying something in an industry with this many brands and releases. This year, they’re changing things up a bit, and I’m not just talking about the bright green boxes. Instead, each Las Calaveras has a slightly different blend than year’s past. For those unfamiliar, Las Calaveras is traditionally released around Dias de los Muertos, and features art inspired by La Calavera Cartina. But enough about that, let’s get to what you really want to know: the blend. Las Calaveras is a medium to full-bodied powerhouse, utilizing a Mexican San Andres maduro wrapper for the first time, with Nicaraguan binder and long-filler. Flavors dance around your palate, alternating between chocolatey, peppery, and oaky, all while remaining smooth and balanced. Good news! Las Calaveras EL 2018 has earned a 90-point rating, noting: ""Enrobed in a dark, oily cover leaf, this finely crafted cigar smokes well, offering notes of cedar, wood and cinnamon balanced by hints of coffee bean and vanilla.""",Medium,['Robusto'],Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,Robusto,No,San Andres,
Crowned Heads Las Calaveras EL 2019,Rated 4.86 out of 5,,"Ashes to ashes.Since 2014, Crowned Heads has used their annual limited edition Las Calaveras line to pay tribute to those who have passed away in the previous year. Always well-received and expertly crafted, the line is at the same time a touching tribute and a truly great cigar experience. This year’s release honors Cano Ozgener, who founded CAO International in 1968 and passed in 2018. This great man’s legacy has touched many lives, and will live on in the cigar industry and now in humidors all over the world with the Las Calaveras EL 2019.2019 marks the first time the Las Calaveras has worn a Habano Oscuro wrapper since the original release in 2014. The filler and binder are 100% Nicaraguan, and only the top quality leaves have been selected to fill this commemorative release. Crafted in the My Father Cigars factory in Esteli, Nicaragua, the EL 2019 is medium-full bodied, with well-balanced notes of pepper, leather, spice, and wood. Ozgener was Jon Huber's friend and mentor, and he would be proud to be honored with such a great cigar. Grab a box today and tip your hat to one of the greats in this wonderful industry. ",Medium-Full,['Robusto Extra'],Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,False,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,Robusto Extra,No,"Ecuador Habano, Oscuro",Crowned Heads
Crowned Heads Las Mareas,Rated 4 out of 5, Based on 4 Ratings ,"An awesome comboCrowned Heads is a favorite of the boutique cigar crowd, and it’s no wonder why. Run under the watchful eye of Jon Huber, Crowned Heads has delivered wave after wave of delicious handmade, but now, the tide is coming in. Las Mareas, that is, which is Spanish for the tides. Inspired by the surf culture that Jon Huber witnessed living in Hawaii, Las Mareas is a fantastic cigar you don’t want to skip. Want to know the secret recipe that makes this premium such a hit? All of the tobaccos were produced by the Garcia family at the famed My Father factory in Nicaragua. Oh yeah, son. It’s about to get real. Medium to full-bodied, Las Mareas uses its Corojo ’99 wrapper to bring cedar, leather, and an awesome sweetness to the table. I don’t know much about surfing, but I can tell you this is one kickass blend. ​",Medium-Full,"['Robusto', 'Toro']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Robusto, Toro",No,Corojo,Crowned Heads
Crowned Heads Le Careme,Rated 4.56 out of 5, Based on 9 Ratings ,"Le souffle is served Under the supervision of E.P. Carillo, Crowned Heads cigars have been making small batch cigars committed to a combination of excellent flavor, balance and consistency.  Inspired by a time when quality, pride and integrity mattered, Crowned Heads believes in a strict attention to detail. They may have gotten a late start in the premium cigar industry just a few years back but they have already proven what they are committed to with a handful of top rated boutique blends. The first of their cigar lines to be inspired by food, La Careme is named after Marie Antoine Careme, a pioneer in French cuisine, who is known for popularizing the soufflé.Produced in the Dominican Republic, Le Careme is wrapped in a dark, oily Connecticut Broadleaf wrapper with an Ecuadorian Sumatra binder and Nicaraguan fillers. Right off the bat you’ll notice a strong earthy note followed by rich fruit, nuts and cocoa. Black Pepper joins the mix here and there but isn’t overwhelming. Reminiscent of a chocolate soufflé, there’s a sweet spot on everyone’s palate waiting to be hit with Le Careme. Receiving high praise from Crowned Heads fans, this is a cigar you don’t want to pass up on.​",Medium,"['Corona', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Sumatra,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Corona, Robusto, Toro",No,Connecticut Broadleaf,Crowned Heads
Crowned Heads Luminosa,Rated 4.67 out of 5,,"Morning GloryCrowned Heads Cigars is a boutique cigar manufacturer that has only been in existence for a short amount of time.  However, under the supervision of E.P Carillo this brand has already gathered a following in the premium cigar industry.  Paying great attention to detail, the rapid success of the brand is credited to the belief that quality, pride and integrity still matter. Blending cigars of high artisanal quality Crowned Heads is committed to providing cigars with a combination of excellent flavor, balance and consistency.  With a handful of top rated blends on the market already, Crowned Heads Cigars fills a void in their portfolio with a mellow to medium bodied cigar line called Luminosa. Categorized as a medium strength profile, the Luminosa originates in the Dominican Republic and is wrapped in an Ecuadorian Connecticut shade wrapper with an undisclosed binder and filler. With a mellower profile than other Crown Heads Cigars, company president John Huber states that the Luminosa is a great cigar to enjoy with a morning coffee.  If you’ve been waiting for a boutique cigar that tastes awesome in the morning, the Luminosa will surely shed some light on that search. ​",Mellow-Medium,['Gigante'],,,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,Gigante,No,Ecuador Connecticut,Crowned Heads
Cu-Avana Natural,Rated 4.2 out of 5, Based on 10 Ratings ,"Cuban flair, Dominican smoothness. If you enjoy pleasant and smooth cigars, Cu-Avana should be at the top of your list. This gorgeous cigar offers a genuine Connecticut shade wrapper and superior long-fillers. Despite the smooth and unobtrusive taste, there are some subtle yet distinct flavors of creamy spiciness, along with some coffee and almost lemon-like flavors, making this cigar a treat you can enjoy any time of day. ",Mellow,"['Belicoso', 'Churchill', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",,,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Belicoso, Churchill, Robusto, Toro",No,Connecticut,
Cu-Avana Punisher,Rated 4.4 out of 5, Based on 42 Ratings ,"[pun-ish'er] noun 1. ONE WHO DEALS ROUGHLY; 2. ONE WHO INFLICTS PAIN OR HURTPunisher is for seasoned lovers of the glorious tobacco weed. To those not converted to the sublime righteousness of ligero and high-priming tobaccos it will be the devil’s brew. If this is you: run, do not walk, in the opposite direction. Even stout men will be overwhelmed with its pure, undiluted, concentration of spice. Punisher is crafted for the minority, the insatiable ligero lovers. The juxtaposition of deep, dense flavors, searing spice, and classical construction deliver a righteous blend with layer after layer of sand-pounding, toe-curling, full-bodied power. The lips will burn. The head will swim. The tummy will ache. The eyes will warm. Sweat will collect. The heat will render you prone. Ligero-loving converts: this is a feature, not a bug. Nothing short of a religious experience. Unlike any other. The proof is in the box.",Full,"['Perfecto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Perfecto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Habano,
Cuba Aliados Cabinet Selection,Rated 4.65 out of 5, Based on 31 Ratings ,"​100% homegrown, baby!Cuba Aliados Cabinet Selection is by far the most impressive Cuba Aliados to date. Crafted solely with tobaccos from the Reyes family's Honduran farm, this hearty medium to full-bodied handmade is a delight. The fillers, wrapper, and binder are all Cuban-seed tobaccos patiently grown, and then carefully fermented by the legendary Reyes family. Each cigar comes packed to the gills with these rich tobaccos, as a dark and oily wrapper greets you from the outside. Densely packed, Cuba Aliados Cabinet Selection speaks volumes unleashing waves of pepper, coffee bean, cocoa and a semi-sweet finish. Cuba Aliados Cabinet Selection earned an impressive 93-rating, noting: ""A dark robusto whose toasty undertones are a flavor base for bold chocolate notes, red wine intonations and a meaty finish. The cigar draws and burns evenly."" ",Medium-Full,"['Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Torpedo']",Honduran,Honduran,False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,"Gordo, Robusto, Torpedo",No,Habano,
Cuba Aliados Maduro,Rated 4.83 out of 5, Based on 6 Ratings ,"The 90-rated Cuba Aliados is back!
Handmade by famed cigar maker Rolando Reyes, Sr. at the Puros Indios factory in Honduras, Cuba Aliados is a flavorful medium-bodied blend of Cuban-seed Dominican tobaccos and cloaked by a dark, Nicaraguan Maduro leaf. Expect a smooth and flavorful experience with notes of earth, spices, cedar and a toasty, semi-sweet finish. A great cigar at an even better price.Good news, Cuba Aliados Maduro has received a well-deserved 90-point rating, noting: ""The cigar has sweet wood, chocolate and mocha flavors, with an earthy, leathery core. Medium to full bodied.""",Medium,"['Belicoso', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']","Nicaraguan, Nicaraguan Broadleaf","Dominican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Honduras,Varies,,"Belicoso, Gordo, Robusto, Toro",Varies,"Habano Maduro, Varied",
Cuba Libre,Rated 4.49 out of 5, Based on 184 Ratings ,"A scrumptious blend from Nestor Plasencia.Cuba Libre is a positively delicious Honduran premium layered with robust yet balanced flavors. Its toothy Cuban-seed Corojo wrapper conceals a feisty recipe of Cuban-seed, long-leaf tobaccos grown in the fertile soils of the Jalapa Valley. After 8 months in Nestor Plasencia’s aging rooms, this flavorful mixture exudes a hearty core of earth and leather with a toasty influence. Each vitola pumps out voluminous, soft clouds of voluptuous, silky flavor that linger pleasingly on the palate before dissolving into a peppery-sweet finish with pronounced notes of pleasant spice through the nose. Buttery smooth and perfectly balanced, it’s medium in strength but a few clicks shy of full-bodied. I love this cigar. Not to get too far over the top, but Cuba Libre offers the ideal juxtaposition of disarmingly lush, intense flavors with classical, finely-tuned structure.",Medium,"['Churchill', 'Corona', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Nicaraguan,Honduran,False,No,More Details,Honduras,Yes,,"Churchill, Corona, Gordo, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Corojo,Cuba Libre
Cuba Libre One,Rated 4.52 out of 5, Based on 380 Ratings ,"​One is not the loneliest number. ​That's because I've been aggressively sidling up next to these lovely cigars since the day I first saw them, and they haven't shown me the backhand even once.Cuba Libre One is a stellar new handmade from Nestor Plasencia, finally released after two years of work, now available to all (all those with a pulse and a checking account that is). An ultra-bold, mega-flavorful super-premium, this Nicaraguan's most apparent trait is its thick, dark Habano-seed ligero wrapper - a gorgeous leaf grown in the Jamastran Valley of Honduras that's brimming with flavor and giving off an oily, flawless appearance. Below the surface is a robust blend of Cuban-seed ligero long-fillers from the Esteli and Condega paired with additional ligeros from Honduras. It has two binders: a Habano leaf from the Jalapa Valley and a flavorful Costa Rican leaf. From first light to final puff, Cuba Libre One is rich, complex, and balanced. It's powerful but balanced, and layered with notes of coffee, earth, pepper, and cream complemented by a spicy-sweet finish. Strong, delicious, refined. A traditional and Cuban-esque blend with some punch and zest you won't soon forget.​Get this:A deliciously stout, 4.5""x60 vitola was crafted for those seeking the ultimate in full-flavored goodness. It's known as 'The Brute' and it's downright tasty. Layers of deep, concentrated flavor are waiting....while they last!",Full,"['Belicoso', 'Churchill', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']","Costa Rica, Honduran Habano","Honduran, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Belicoso, Churchill, Gordo, Robusto, Toro",No,Habano,Cuba Libre
Cuban Aristocrat Connecticut,Rated 4.7 out of 5, Based on 10 Ratings ,"A Cuban Heritage ClassicIndianHead cigars are back, and they’re here to stay. Jose “Jochy” Blanco is not content to just release new, innovative blends under his name though. He’s also dug through the treasure trove of discontinued brands, and found an absolute gem to revive: Cuban Aristocrat. After debuting in 2007, Cuban Aristocrat has been a hit for over a decade, and gets a new look here to fit into the contemporary market. Available in three wrappers, look to Cuban Aristocrat for a new, surefire go-to blend. The Connecticut wrapper is the smoothest option available in this trio of tasty blends, but that doesn’t mean it’s not full-flavor. A mixture of Dominican binder and Cuban-seed seco, ligero, and viso long-fillers sits under a silky Connecticut wrap, delivering a perfect companion to your morning cup of coffee. In a variety of classic sizes, Cuban Aristocrat is a mellow ride that stays cool down to the nub. Sweet creaminess and classic cedar, tobacco flavors come through in a blend that you don’t want to miss. ",Mellow-Medium,"['Churchill', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Dominican,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Connecticut,
Cuban Aristocrat Habano,Rated 4 out of 5, Based on 15 Ratings ,"Habanos for daysIndianHead cigars are back, and they’re here to stay. Jose “Jochy” Blanco is not content to just release new, innovative blends under his name though. He’s also dug through the treasure trove of discontinued brands, and found an absolute gem to revive: Cuban Aristocrat. After debuting in 2007, Cuban Aristocrat has been a hit for over a decade, and gets a new look here to fit into the contemporary market. Available in three wrappers, look to Cuban Aristocrat for a new, surefire go-to blend. The cigar enthusiasts who love a medium-bodied, balanced blend will find tons of notes to like in the Cuban Aristocrat Habano. Natural tobacco sweetness, chocolatey undertones, and a slight pepper spice comes through the slightly oily Habano wrapper. With a cocktail of Cuban-seed long-fillers that are all hand selected, this is a recipe for success that any boutique enthusiast will enjoy. ",Medium,"['Churchill', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Dominican,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Habano,
Cuban Aristocrat Maduro,Rated 4.57 out of 5, Based on 7 Ratings ,"A rich, smooth MaduroIndianHead cigars are back, and they’re here to stay. Jose “Jochy” Blanco is not content to just release new, innovative blends under his name though. He’s also dug through the treasure trove of discontinued brands, and found an absolute gem to revive: Cuban Aristocrat. After debuting in 2007, Cuban Aristocrat has been a hit for over a decade, and gets a new look here to fit into the contemporary market. Available in three wrappers, look to Cuban Aristocrat for a new, surefire go-to blend. A slightly oily Maduro wrapper sits atop a bed of Cuban-seed long-fillers and handpicked Dominican binder in this medium to full-bodied boutique gem. And like the best DJs, Cuban Aristocrat Maduro mashes together two hits all cigar lovers can get behind: Cuban tradition, and full-flavored, rich taste. Chocolate, earth, leather, and a nice spiciness make this one great for fans of heartier options. The only thing not bold about this one? The price, which stays real low and mellow. ",Medium-Full,"['Churchill', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Dominican,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Maduro,
Cuban Classics Doble Capa,Rated 3.8 out of 5,,"Not a Cuban, but a classicA blend that was once well known is now back and better than ever. Previously offered in boxes and demanding premium prices, these Cuban Classics disappeared for a while and were nearly forgotten. These new Cuban Classics Doble Capa are almost unrecognizable, offered up in wallet friendly bundles and in an attractive barber pole styled wrapper. The barber pole here utilizes a maduro and natural wrapper expertly to create a unique combo that's easy on the eyes. Inside you’ll find a collection of Nicaraguan tobaccos that will drive your palate wild. You can expect a medium-bodied flavor profile that boasts notes of cocoa, coffee, and cream, with a hint of spice. Hop on this bargain bus and don’t look back.",Medium,"['Churchill', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Churchill, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,"Maduro, Varied",
Cuban Classics Maduro,Rated 4.38 out of 5, Based on 8 Ratings ,"A real ""Cuban Classic""! These fantastic maduros harken back to the golden days of Havana, Cuba, and are crafted with the same meticulous eye on quality control and consistency. With the maduro option, the Cuban Classic line adds an affordable option for those who prefer their cigars a bit richer. You’ll find earth, salty leather, but mostly, a deep cocoa and black pepper note that'll keep the palate entertained right to the end. There may be better maduros out there, but dollar for dollar, Cuban Classic Maduro is a must-try.​",Medium-Full,['Robusto'],,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,Robusto,No,Maduro,
Cuban Delights,Rated 4.16 out of 5, Based on 531 Ratings ,"Skyrockets in flight…Cuban Delight!This brand screams value. It’s perfect as an everyday blend, made of high-quality, mixed filler Dominican leaves. Handmade in the Dominican Republic and finished with a Sumatra wrapper, these mellow-bodied gems hit the spot. Cuban Delights offer exquisite sandwich-style cigars that deliver a premium cigar taste but a domestic cigar price and come packed in big-ass boxes of 50. Heck, these tasty morsels start for less than a buck apiece, so what do you have to lose?",Mellow-Medium,"['Churchill', 'Corona', 'Robusto']",,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Corona, Robusto",Varies,Indonesian,
Cuban Honeys,Rated 4.25 out of 5, Based on 372 Ratings ,"Ultra-premium tobaccos, paired with new mouthwatering flavors. The ultimate assortment of deliciously flavored, handmade cigars has had a complete overhaul. Now hailing from the largest producer of flavored cigars in the world, La Aurora, Cuban Honeys have been reblended and boast new flavors, updated packaging, and that same dessert-like quality…without all the calories. Utilizing all-natural flavors, these tasty, mellow cigars boast Cuban-seed tobaccos from the lushest soils that the Dominican Republic has to offer. Be ready for crowds to congregate once the scent of these affordable sticks hits the air, just make sure to keep a firm grip on these tantalizing treats, or else have plenty of backups.Coffee: Using fresh roasted beans, a truly unique coffee flavor is achieved and lingers on the palate. Mixed with subtle notes of sweetness and a gentle cream nuance, impressive balance lands this variety in regular rotations far and wide.  Southern Gentleman: Made with an intoxicating blend of ground vanilla bean mixed with a combination of tropical fruits. To top off the mix, a dash of Bourbon is added to deliver a truly unique taste of sweet citrus and a bold, aromatic vanilla.Cherry: The fan-favorite of the Cuban Honeys line, Cherry is exactly what you would want and expect. Bold black cherry notes coat the palate as soon as flame hits foot. The further you dive into this flavor bomb, subtle notes of sweet caramel enter the fray with a slight hint of cocoa appearing on the finish.Dr. Kocher: A delicious rendition on an American classic. Who doesn't love the taste of an ice cold soda? Now with the newest addition to the Cuban Honeys lineup, you can have the ice cold soda taste, along with notes of cherries and almonds, only in cigar form. You will quickly notice which soda this gem was modeled after. Don't miss out on this sure bet winner.Drunken Truffle: A delectable dish of hearty coconut extract spliced with whisky, chocolate, Irish cream, and French vanilla. Unfortunately, these fine delicacies won’t get you drunk, but they are damn tasty. Be sure to give these goodies a try.Honey: Naturally flavored with a generous dose of honey. A wonderful balance between slight hints of natural premium tobaccos and enticing notes of sweet honey, this snack is always a welcomed experience. Vanilla: A scrumptious blend of gentle Bourbon and vanilla extract, this combination is commonly known as Beanilla vanilla. This addition produces hearty notes of vanilla accented by lingering hints of caramel, spices, and a slight nuance of citrus. NOTE: Cuban Honeys is undergoing a slight packaging change, but the cigars inside the boxes are exactly the same. Product you receive may vary slightly from product pictured as we move through the ""older"" inventory and into the newest packaging, but either way the cigars are identical. ",Mellow,"['Corona', 'Petite Corona', 'Robusto']",,Dominican,True,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Corona, Petite Corona, Robusto",Yes,Sumatra,
Cuban Rounds Connecticut,Rated 4.5 out of 5, Based on 14 Ratings ,"A no-hiba to enjoy everyday.I dare you to find a better value than Cuban Rounds. This affordable blend features a premium Connecticut wrapper and each cigar was bunched and rolled in the traditional Cuban style. With a medium body and flavors you’d normally associate with an offering 5 times the asking price, you’d be hard-pressed to find a better Dominican cigar for your money than Cuban Rounds. ​",Mellow,['Churchill'],,,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,Churchill,No,Ecuador Connecticut,
Cuban Rounds Maduro,Rated 4.56 out of 5, Based on 16 Ratings ,"A faux-hiba for everyday pleasure.At first glance, Cuban Rounds may remind you of an ultra-popular cigar from the island south of Miami, but the similarities end with the packaging. Cuban Rounds Maduro is a short filler blend of premium Nicaraguan tobaccos enclosed by a premium Nicaraguan maduro wrapper. This stick is medium-bodied, and the tobaccos are rolled and bunched using Cuban methods for an enjoyable and smooth profile. Cuban Rounds are an always satisfying everyday blend.​",Medium,['Churchill'],,,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,Churchill,No,Maduro,
Cuban Rounds Natural,Rated 4.63 out of 5, Based on 8 Ratings ,"The best value going.Cuban Rounds take their design cue from a famous Cuban brand, but a similar design is the only thing they share. Cuban Rounds Natural are a short filler blend featuring a Nicaraguan Colorado wrapper over premium Nicaraguan short-fillers. The blend is spicy and peppery and this handmade is expertly constructed using traditional Cuban methods. Give Cuban Rounds Natural a try for a tasty, affordable, everyday cigar. ​",Medium,['Churchill'],,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,Churchill,No,Habano,
Cuban Twists,Rated 4.69 out of 5, Based on 13 Ratings ,"Do the (Cuban) Twist!IndianHead cigars is one of the best boutique brands on the market today. That term gets thrown around a lot, but seriously, this company is delivering handmade cigars steeped in Cuban tradition that easily please every cigar enthusiast who tries them. And the best part about IndianHead? They deliver a ton of awesome cigars with bucketloads of discounts. Other brands nickel and dime you, but IndianHead cigars deliver pure value. With five different sizes available, these handmades hailing from the Dominican Republic are an absolute treat. With Dominican binder and a tasty Cuban Sandwich blend of Dominican fillers, Cuban Twists feature a toothy San Andres wrapper, which delivers all the flavors you’d be looking for in this type of handmade. Gritty and earthy with mouth-watering chocolate, leather, and peppery notes that’ll make this an awesome cigar to keep on hand. ​",Medium-Full,"['Churchill', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Dominican,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Robusto, Toro",No,San Andres,
Cubero Blend No. 7,Rated 4.16 out of 5, Based on 44 Ratings ,"Great grape!Cubero is an attractive and great-tasting brand of cigarillos crafted with 100% aged tobaccos and a gorgeous natural wrapper leaf. Expect a smooth, mellow experience with plenty of flavor. Blend No. 7 adds in a sweet hint of natural grape flavoring to create a uniquely delicious profile. ",Mellow,['Cigarillos'],,,True,No,More Details,Europe,No,,Cigarillos,Yes,Sumatra,
Cubita Nouveau by Quesada,Rated 5 out of 5,,"A time-tested brand gains a new addition With over a century of experience in the cigar industry, the Quesada clan knows their way around tobacco. Manuel “Manolo” Quesada was brought up in this lifestyle, and for him, blending is in his blood. Right out of high school, Manuel went to work for his father’s tobacco brokerage in the Dominican Republic. He had the tough task of burning different premium tobaccos in order to better describe the taste to their clients - this is also where he acquired his passion to blend the best cigars around. Nowadays, with 90+ rated blends boasting the Quesada name, Manuel has become one of the top manufactures in the biz. His newest addition is the Cubita Nouveau, big flavor with a value price tag.The Cubita line has been around for about twenty years, loyal consumers are finally being rewarded with this long-awaited new extension to the line. Nouveau utilizes premium Dominican tobaccos in its every aspect, wrapper, binder, and filler. This medium-bodied Dominican puro was crafted with an everyday price in mind. At less than five bucks per stick, Manuel wanted a blend for the masses with a great taste that customers can afford to enjoy daily. With bold flavor and a cool, slow burn, Nouveau is the perfect option to fill up a nice chunk of the humidor.​",Medium,"['Churchill', 'Gordo', 'Robusto']",Dominican,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Gordo, Robusto",No,Dominican,
Cuesta-Rey Cabinet,Rated 4.75 out of 5, Based on 4 Ratings ,"A kingly treat.Way back yonder in 1884, a young Spanish immigrant opened a small cigar factory that blossomed into the birth of the Cuesta-Rey brand. In modern times, Cuesta-Rey premium handmades are all constructed at Tabacalera A. Fuente in the Dominican Republic, and they still retain the same dedication to quality, consistency, and excellence that was started so many years ago. Cuesta-Rey Cabinet Collection features a blend of well-aged Dominican long-fillers that are laid to rest in aromatic, cedar-lined cabinets to really allow the flavor notes to mature. The Cabinet Collection comes in your choice of African Cameroon, Connecticut Shade or Connecticut Broadleaf wrapper, and each option offers a distinctive, refined experience. Notes of coffee and spice are present in force, but the cigar still manages to remain smooth and balanced from start to finish.",Mellow,"['Churchill', 'Corona']",Dominican,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Corona",No,"Cameroon, Connecticut",
Cuesta-Rey Centenario,Rated 4.72 out of 5, Based on 18 Ratings ,"Heavy is the head that wears the crown.There aren’t too many cigars that can lay claim to being the official cigar of King Alfonso XIII of Spain. With origins dating back to 1884 when a young Spaniard opted to open a humble cigar factory, this legendary brand boasts quality construction and superior craftsmanship. Fast forward to today, and the same still holds true as each cigar is rolled at Tabacalera A. Fuente in the Dominican.Cuesta-Rey Centenario is super smooth, super creamy, and mellow to medium-bodied. It comes in two equally impressive formats: A Connecticut-shade natural or Connecticut Broadleaf maduro wrapper. Each is filled to the brim with well-aged, top-notch Dominican long-fillers that have been resting an average of five years inside a cedar-lined humidor for maximum flavor. ",Mellow-Medium,"['Belicoso', 'Churchill', 'Cigarillos', 'Corona', 'Pyramid', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Dominican,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Belicoso, Churchill, Cigarillos, Corona, Pyramid, Robusto, Toro",No,"Connecticut, Maduro",
Cuesta-Rey Centro Fino,Rated 4.75 out of 5, Based on 8 Ratings ,"Fit for a king.You know if King Alfonso XIII of Spain chose Cuesta-Rey as his official cigar, then it just has to be good. Those blue-blood types don’t mess around. Known for excellent quality, fine taste, and exquisite craftsmanship, these luxury cigars were the brand of choice for no less than a king. A glowing recommendation for a brand that’s well worth the hype.Cuesta-Rey Centro Fino features a hearty blend of five-year-aged Dominican ligero long-fillers. A flavorful and rich Sumatra-seed Sungrown wrapper is cultivated on the Oliva family farm in the highly fertile Quevedo region of Ecuador. Each leaf is hand-selected from the “Centro Fino,” (fine center) of the plant. Medium to full in body, Cuesta-Rey cigars are then patiently aged in Spanish cedar-lined cabinets, which bring out even more pronounced flavors. Rich, bold, and evenly constructed, it’s simple to see why good old King Alfie loved ‘em so much.",Medium-Full,"['Pyramid', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Dominican,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Pyramid, Robusto, Toro",No,Ecuador Sungrown,
Cult,Rated 4.5 out of 5, Based on 2 Ratings ,"It’s safe to drink this Kool-Aid.Enter the new boutique creation - Cult. Hey, I know what you're thinkin', meetings in the woods, weird rituals, dark cloaks, alien abductions, that sort of thing. But luckily, Cult cigars have nothing to do with any of that hoopla. Cult is carefully handcrafted in Esteli, Nicaragua, at the revered TACASA factory. This is a small boutique factory, known for producing top-notch handmades. As weird as Cult might sound, I assure you it's as legit as they come. From the very first puff, Cult is different, and that's a good thing. Initial notes reveal a pleasant tea-like flavor, complemented by a gentle note of spice. As the burn progresses, notes of tobacco, leather, and cream enter the fray with a tick of sweetness on the finish. Each Cult produces thick velvety smoke, that is medium in body, and occasionally touches on medium to full. Due to its well-balanced blend, Cult is never overpowering, or unbalanced, and provides smooth soft flavors you can enjoy any time of day. Each Cult is packed with Nicaraguan long-fillers, and is hugged by a feisty Indonesian binder. The real icing on the cake is the velvety Ecuador Habano wrapper draped over the outside. Smooth and soft to the touch, each Cult looks and feels inviting, and is attractively packaged in eye-catching boxes. I’ll admit, I was a bit skeptical of Cult at first, but once you try one, you’ll become a believer too. Talk about attention to detail, this box is simply stunning! Each Cult comes perfectly packed in a gorgeous chest-style black box, complete with metal corner guards and accents, before being finished off in grand fashion with a Cult inscribed plate. Heck - even the hinges and clasp are well-done. This is one box worthy of collecting.",Medium,['Torpedo'],,"Indonesian, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,Torpedo,No,Ecuador Habano,
Curivari Buena Ventura,Rated 4.67 out of 5, Based on 15 Ratings ,"This one's full of good luck.Welcome one of the hottest boutique brands on the market today, Curivari. Based out of Nicaragua, the Curivari team has put an emphasis on delivering cigars that boast a truly Cuban-esque profile, keeping the quality control as strictly scrutinized as any of the top factories in the biz if not more so. Every cigar to come out of the Curivari camp is expertly rolled with top-notch construction and finished with a beautiful, Cuban-inspired triple cap. The Curivari Buena Ventura is a medium-bodied pleasure that is quickly reserving permanent residence in humidors world-over.Literally meaning ‘good luck’ Buena Ventura boasts a truly old-world Cuban cigar look. A modest band sits atop a classic blend that is quickly gaining fans left and right. A milk-chocolate Nicaraguan wrapper encases vintage long-fillers from the black volcanic Nicaraguan soils to give this puro a distinct character all its own. Pronounced notes of cedar, pepper, and nougat all make appearances with a subtle undertone of sweet spice showing face on the finish. Jump on this gravy train early, you’ll thank me after.Curivari Buenaventura received a well-deserved 94-rating noting: ""The pressed cigar delivered a medium-bodied flavor profile with a decidedly creamy texture to the smoke, notes of roasted peanuts and a flavorful finish smacking of graham crackers.""",Medium,"['Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Rothschild']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Gordo, Robusto, Rothschild",No,Nicaraguan,
Curivari Gloria de Leon,Rated 4.67 out of 5, Based on 6 Ratings ,"She make me feel so good, she make me feel all right, and her name is G-l-o-r-i-a.                                                         Curivari doesn’t have the name recognition as some other boutique brands, but that’s a result of being entirely focused on delivering cigars that are simply beyond compare. Construction, flavor, appearance, and price, Curivari Gloria de Leon is hitting all the right notes.A Nicaraguan puro, like the rest of their line, the Gloria de Leon is a premium, small-batch, medium to full-bodied cigar constructed of authentic Cuban seed Corojo and Criollo tobaccos. This cigar is visually striking and is reminiscent of the cigars coming out of Cuba during the golden years. The flavor profile is rich and loaded with notes of spice, cream, black cherry, coffee, and cocoa. This is cigar blending as an art form and at CI’s competition crushing prices, the Gloria de Leon is available for a song.​",Medium-Full,"['Churchill', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Churchill, Robusto, Toro",No,Nicaraguan,
Curivari Reserva Limitada 1000 Series,Rated 4.78 out of 5, Based on 9 Ratings ,"Curivari kicks it up.Curivari cigars are super premium, ultra-boutique and accessible for an everyday Joe like me. The cigars coming from this mostly unknown company are among the very best cigars being manufactured anywhere.The Curivari Limitada Café 1000 Series is a full-bodied addition to the Reserva Limitada Café line. The cigar is painstakingly constructed using authentic Cuban seed Nicaraguan Corojo and Criollo tobaccos yielding a dynamic full-bodied profile with flavors of nuts, spice, pepper, berries, and coffee. If you like a well-balanced, full-bodied cigar with impeccable construction, give the Curivari Reserva Limitada Café 1000 Series a try. You can thank me later.​",Medium-Full,"['Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Nicaraguan,
Curivari Reserva Limitada Cafe,Rated 5 out of 5,,"Ssshhh, I’m gonna let you in on a secret…but this stays between us.  One word: Curivari.  Hailing from Nicaragua, Curivari puts an emphasis crafting cigars using traditional methods and focusing on flavor and balance over strength. The results are overwhelmingly positive as these small-batch Nicaraguan puros deliver a Cuban-esque profile that’ll make you think you were burning something fresh off “the island.”Curivari Reserva Limitada Café is medium to full-bodied and consists of authentic Cuban seed Corojo and Criollo tobaccos. This cigar incredibly balances rich flavors of cocoa, coffee, ginger, cream, and red pepper and is flawlessly constructed to boot.  Pick up a box today, but remember, do it on the down low…I know where you live.​",Medium-Full,['Petite Corona'],Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,Petite Corona,No,Nicaraguan,
Curivari Reserva Limitada Cafe Noir,Rated 4.67 out of 5, Based on 6 Ratings ,"A darker variety for Cafe fans.Curivari Reserva Limitada Café Noir, a shining example of cigar blending as an art form.  The Curivari team’s quality control standards are as rigorous as any big name factory in the industry...probably more so. Each cigar coming out of the factory has been meticulously crafted to be reminiscent in look and taste to the finest Cuban cigars.Curivari Reserva Limitada Café Noir is the maduro option for fans of the Reserva Limitada Café. The cigar is visually striking with the wrapper being dark brown with a reddish hue.  The Curivari Reserva Limitada Café Noir is a made with 100% authentic Cuban seed Nicaraguan Criollo and Corojo tobaccos delivering a rich, Cuban cigar experience. Expect perfect construction with a medium to full body, and flavor notes of fudge, spice, vanilla, nuts, and earth. This cigar absolutely packs in the flavor and will quickly become a mainstay blend for the aficionado. Don’t delay and grab a few boxes before they’re gone.  Curivari Reserva Limitada Cafe Noir received a well-deserved 90-rating noting: ""This dark and semi-pressed cigar draws well, producing peppery smoke laden with an underlying woodiness. It warms to show a rich, chocolate character.""​",Medium-Full,"['Gordo', 'Robusto']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Gordo, Robusto",No,Nicaraguan,
Curivari Reserva Limitada Classica,Rated 4.67 out of 5, Based on 6 Ratings ,"A classic blend from Curivari.Welcome one of the hottest boutique brands on the market today, Curivari. Based out of Nicaragua, the Curivari team has put an emphasis on delivering cigars that boast a truly Cuban-esque profile, keeping the quality control as strictly scrutinized as any of the top factories in the biz if not more so. Every cigar to come out of the Curivari camp is expertly rolled with top-notch construction and finished with a beautiful, Cuban-inspired triple cap. Curivari Reserva Limitada Classica is the perfect cigar to become acquainted with all that Curivari has to offer.Weighing in with a potency level just above medium, Reserva Limitada Classica hits all the right notes. Jam-packed with Nicaraguan Criollo and Corojo long-fillers held snugly in place by a Nicaraguan binder lying just beneath a dark, Nicaraguan wrapper leaf, this offering has a delectably Cuban-esque look. An array of spices are evident with undertones of coffee and leather appearing on the back of the palate. Excellent when enjoyed with a dark stout or a dry red wine, Reserva Limitada Classica continues to impress with every go ‘round. ​",Medium-Full,"['Robusto', 'Toro']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Robusto, Toro",No,Nicaraguan,
Cusano 18 Natural and Maduro,Rated 4.75 out of 5, Based on 8 Ratings ,"Back to basicsDavidoff made, CI Nation approved-these beauties are top of the line premiums at ridiculously low prices. Where else are you going to find a deal this outrageous on premiums this good? For starters, the tobaccos in both blends are 18 years old -- yes, you heard me - 18 years old! Oh, and did I mention they were made by Davidoff?Let’s start with Cusano 18 Connecticut, shall we? Creamy and oozing with delicious flavor - this ‘90’ rated beauty sports a ridiculously rich Connecticut shade wrapper with 18-year-old Ligero Piloto and San Vicent Olor leaves at the core. Great construction leads to an unbeatable burn, and the combination of tobaccos give this beauty notes of cedar, leather, and some cream at the finish.  Cusano 18 Maduro is unique to say the least - it uses two maduro wrappers, a Connecticut Broadleaf on the surface and a Brazilian Mata Fina in the filler. This combination leads to a rich, spicy, and silky smooth flavor. This medium-bodied beauty is exactly what you would expect from a cigar this unique.",Medium,"['Churchill', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Dominican,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Gordo, Robusto, Toro",No,"Connecticut, Connecticut Broadleaf",
Cusano Connecticut,Rated 4 out of 5, Based on 17 Ratings ,"Mellow body, affordable priceLook, I like to be a baller, a shot caller, but Benjamins don’t fall from the sky in these parts. That’s where Cusano Connecticut comes into play – a premium cigar from a legit manufacturer for $4 to $5 a stick – they had me at hello. Sure you can drop a sawbuck on a similar cigar, but I know you’ll be back, hat in hand, for a go ‘round with Cusano Connecticut. Crafted in the Dominican Republic, Cusano Connecticut features an Ecuadorian Connecticut wrapper and binder over a top-grade selection of Dominican long-fillers. Nice and smooth, this mellow blend delivers sheer enjoyment with a relaxing and pleasant flavor profile. Expect to be met with hints of white pepper, spice, coffee, and cream with some cedar notes present. If you’ve been searching for an affordable and appetizing premium cigar – one to enjoy yourself or share with your buds – then you can’t go wrong with Cusano Connecticut.​",Mellow-Medium,"['Robusto', 'Toro']",,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Robusto, Toro",No,Connecticut,
Cusano Maduro,Rated 3.96 out of 5, Based on 45 Ratings ,"A no nonsense premium blend My squirrely aunt Shirley had this to say about fancy restaurants, "" You can’t eat the chandeliers."" And the same holds true with cigars. Sure, fancy bands and extravagant boxes look purty, but you can’t taste the packaging. Cusano, responsible for the 90-rated Cusano 18 Corojo, set out to craft an affordable premium cigar without the frills and they’ve succeeded in spades with Cusano Maduro. So what happens when you drop all the distracting bells and whistles? You get quality tobacco, and consistent flavor. Cusano Maduro is dressed in a dark and oily San Andrés Maduro wrapper atop a blend of Dominican long-fillers enclosed with an Ecuadorian Connecticut binder. Medium-bodied, this blend delivers the goods with notes of coffee, wood, spice, and earth with an enjoyable sweetness present throughout. Cusano Maduro is balanced with a smooth, round profile and is enjoyable for grizzled cigar vets and newbs alike. Ditch the excess and try the affordable, premium Cusano Maduro today. ​",Medium,"['Churchill', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Robusto, Toro",No,Maduro,
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,Rated 3.72 out of 5, Based on 71 Ratings ,"A medium-bodied bargain.Crafted in the Dominican Republic under the watchful eyes of Hendrik Kelner, mastermind behind countless Davidoff and AVO hit blends, Cusano N1 Nicaragua is easily one of the best cigars you can snag for the money. Originally released in the late ‘90s this reliable stand-by continues to please over a decade later. Spun carefully around a Sumatra binder and filler blend from the Dominican and Nicaragua is a polished Sumatra wrapper leaf. An uber-flavorful Dominican offering, N1 Nicaragua reveals evolving nuances of spice, nutmeg, and oak. Add in spot-on construction and a price point that’s well-under 2 bucks apiece, and you’ve got yourself a winner winner chicken dinner. ​",Medium,"['Churchill', 'Gordo', 'Robusto']",Sumatra,"Dominican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Gordo, Robusto",No,Sumatra,
Cusano Nicaragua,Rated 4.36 out of 5, Based on 42 Ratings ,"Complete the TrinityEvery once in a while, I want the fanciest of the fanciest, the best of the best. The top of the top-hats. But, most times, when I’m knocking around with a cigar, I’m just looking for something that burns well, tastes good, and doesn’t burn my entire paycheck. Enter Cusano. Responsible for the 90-rated Cusano 18 Corojo, Cusano boxes are an affordable, no-frills option for the cigar enthusiast who craves premium flavor, but cringes at premium price tags. Cusano Nicaragua has no fancy packaging. It has no fancy story behind it. But it does have a red-hued Sumatra wrapper, and tasty Dominican and Nicaraguan long-fillers. Medium to full-bodied, each Cusano Nicaragua will greet you warmly cedar, slight peppery spice, and a warm toastiness that’s balanced, bright, and a fantastic way to unwind after a long day. Cusano Nicaragua is a true cigar enthusiast’s cigar, showing that it’s the tobacco, and not the packaging, that makes the cigar. Give it a shot, and you won’t regret it. ​",Medium-Full,"['Churchill', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",,"Dominican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Robusto, Toro",No,San Andres,
Cusano P1 Maduro,Rated 3.29 out of 5, Based on 31 Ratings ,"Flavor-packed, prices hacked!Crafted in the Dominican Republic under the watchful eyes of Hendrik Kelner, mastermind behind countless Davidoff and AVO hit blends, Cusano P1 Maduro is easily one of the best cigars you can snag for the money. Originally released in the late ‘90s this reliable stand-by continues to please over a decade later.Spun carefully around the Connecticut shade binder and Dominican fillers is a rich, oily Mexican maduro wrapper leaf. A uncharacteristically bold Dominican offering, P1 Maduro reveals hearty notes of leather, white pepper, and sweet spice. Add in spot-on construction and a price point that’s well-under 2 bucks apiece, and you’ve got yourself a winner winner chicken dinner. ​",Medium-Full,"['Churchill', 'Gordo']",Connecticut,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Gordo",No,Maduro,
Daniel Marshall Gold Torpedo 2012,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 1 Rating ,"You’ve got a golden ticket!Ok, simply put....this cigar ain't cheap. Why’s that, you say? Because Daniel Marshall DM2 Gold Torpedos come wrapped in up to 25 individual 24 karat gold leaves from Italy’s premier gold supplier. No kidding. It's physically encased in a layer of GOLD!Daniel Marshall cigars are coveted by everyone, from A-list celebrities to sports stars to just regular old connoisseurs of the leaf. Originally made famous by his ridiculously high-end humidors, Mr. Marshall branched out into the world of premium cigars and teamed up with Manuel Quesada and the Plasencia factory to create this masterpiece. Besides just being eye-catching, this handmade boasts real substance, including a 5-year-aged Nicaraguan Habano wrapper and a well-chosen mix of Nicaraguan long-leaf filler from Jalapa. It comes in a 6.2”x54 figurado shape, and oh yeah, there’s that gold you get to burn. Since gold combusts at higher temperature than tobacco leaves, you don’t have to worry for one second about lighting it up. Plus, you can even keep the gold ash when you’re finished and show it off to your friends. It’s better than a trip to the chocolate factory, and that’s saying a lot.",Medium-Full,['Torpedo'],Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,Torpedo,No,Habano,Daniel Marshall
Daniel Marshall Red Label,Rated 5 out of 5,,"You probably recognize the name Daniel Marshall. Yes, it’s the same guy responsible for high-end humidors that grace the homes of movie stars and former U.S. presidents, like Sylvester Stallone, Arnold Schwarzenegger, Al Pacino, and Brad Pitt, to name drop a few. Now, he’s moving on to the next logical arena...cigars. And after teaming up with Manuel Quesada, maker of the 93-rated Casa Magna, I'd put money on his cigars catching on real quick like.Daniel Marshall Red Label is a Nicaraguan super-premium that lives up to the hype. Dressed in a 5-year-old Nicaraguan Habano wrapper, Red Label also features a Nicaraguan binder and a bold blend of Nicaraguan long-fillers from Jalapa and Esteli. The earthy core is punctuated by notes of sweetness, and offers up hints of espresso and cocoa. Balanced, smooth, and well-aged, this handmade checks all the boxes, crosses all the T’s, and dots all the I’s. The Daniel Marshall Red Label received a 92-point rating by Cigar Aficionado, noting: ""Crafted with symmetric shoulders, this Churchill burns evenly, delivering a smoke that is rich and woody with a solid core of earth and a touch of semisweet chocolate.""",Medium-Full,"['Lancero/Panatela', 'Petite Corona']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Lancero/Panatela, Petite Corona",No,Habano,Daniel Marshall
Dark Shark,Rated 4.35 out of 5, Based on 631 Ratings ,"The Shark is back!This top-selling handmade ain’t the prettiest girl at the prom but it may be the least worst option in this price range - especially if you like maduros. That’s ’cause this medium number really ain’t half bad. Crafted with a dark Broadleaf maduro wrapper and an all long-filler blend of Cuban-seed tobaccos, Dark Shark is indeed a lot more premium than it appears at a glance. And that’s probably why I’ve had such a damn hard time keeping these things in stock. Expect rich, mellow maduro flavor for as low as $29.99 per mazo of 20. I’m done with the sales pitch....Dark Shark sells itself. Buy it or don’t - doesn’t matter to me - I’ve got a long list of guys waiting for their usual 5-10 mazos per month.",Medium,"['Churchill', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,"Churchill, Gordo, Robusto, Toro",No,Connecticut Broadleaf,
Davidoff 702 Series,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 2 Ratings ,"Classic blends, Modern twistThe Davidoff name is iconic in the industry. At this point, no one can deny that. Known for their mellow, Dominican handmades, Davidoff has been on the top-shelf of cigar enthusiasts’ humidors for years and years. Now, Davidoff offers you the chance to revisit some of your favorite cigars with a small… update. The Davidoff 702 Series cigars consist of Davidoff’s best-selling blends, each with a 702 Ecuadorian wrapper on top. As for the 702 wrapper itself, it’s a leaf you’ll find nowhere else in the world. A hybrid-seed of three different strands of Cuban tobacco, 702 is grown in Ecuador and then expertly applied to each of these seven gems. Still as smooth as ever, you’ll find something new to love about each of these cigars in this amazing collection. All your favorite Davidoff releases — they’re all here and they’re all delicious.",Medium,"['Corona', 'Double Corona', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Corona, Double Corona, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Ecuador Habano,Davidoff
Davidoff Aniversario Series,Rated 4.86 out of 5, Based on 14 Ratings ,"Celebrate today!Davidoff Anviersario series is a cigar crafted to celebrate the finer moments in life. Whether that’s the birth of a new child, a promotion at work, or just taking some time out to reflect on the day, the Aniversario Series is a great companion. To ensure utter perfection, this blend is only crafted by the factory’s highest graded rollers, ensuring a perfect draw and burn on each and every cigar.Each Davidoff Aniversario begins with a blend of 4-year-aged tobaccos, hand-selected by Davidoff’s experts in the Dominican Republic. From there, the tobaccos are rolled using the most authentic, traditional methods in the industry, before they are set down to age. Finally, when they’ve passed the last quality control station, these cigars are sent to our warehouse where they’re waiting for you — Aniversario promises signature smoothness, ample flavor, and exquisite balance. And believe me, it delivers. ",Medium,"['Churchill', 'Corona', 'Perfecto', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Dominican,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Corona, Perfecto, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Ecuador Connecticut,Davidoff
Davidoff Cigarillos,Rated 4.59 out of 5, Based on 83 Ratings ,"Oh my!Davidoff has done it again with their handmade premiums. They've packed a lot a' luxury into a mini cigarillo. A perfect size cigar for when you're crunched for time but still want to enjoy the mellow goodness of Davidoff cigars. Extremely well constructed from all-Dominican filler tobaccos and luxurious wrappers, these little suckers are nice, medium-bodied, creamy short cigarillos. Davidoff Cigarillos are the on-the-go option with the same sophistication you know and love from the Davidoff brand. Experience 15 minutes of pure luxury.",,['Cigarillos'],"Brazil, Sumatra","Brazilian, Dominican, Indonesian, Nicaraguan, Varied",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,Varies,,Cigarillos,Varies,"Ecuador Habano, Habano, Sumatra",Davidoff
Davidoff Escurio,Rated 4.63 out of 5, Based on 43 Ratings ,"When the invitation says to bring your significant otherDavidoff cigars are known all over the world for their immaculate construction, their exquisite blending of the finest tobaccos, and being exclusive and hard-to-find. Davidoff Escurio is the follow-up to the highly rated Davidoff Nicaragua cigar, and is handcrafted at the company’s factory in Santiago, Dominican Republic. As with Davidoff Nicaragua, blending of this cigar was guided by Henke Kelner and Eladio Diaz, and this blend was created to be spicy-sweet.The Davidoff Escurio is draped with an oily and dark Ecuador Habano wrapper with a Brazilian cubra binder and Brazilian cubra, Brazilian mata fina, Dominican San Vicente, piloto, and olor/piloto secos long-fillers. Expect a well-constructed, slow-burning, medium bodied cigar with plenty of complexity. Your palate will dance a lively Samba with rhythmic notes including leather, cream, cinnamon, and nutmeg. Embrace the joy and vibrancy of Brazil and order Davidoff Escurio while they’re in stock. ​",Medium-Full,"['Cigarillos', 'Corona', 'Gordo', 'Perfecto', 'Robusto', 'Short Robusto']",Brazil,"Brazilian, Dominican",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Cigarillos, Corona, Gordo, Perfecto, Robusto, Short Robusto",No,Ecuador Habano,Davidoff
Davidoff Grand Cru,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 3 Ratings ,"Time for a Grand celebration! Davidoff cigars have been some of the best in the business since 1946. No exaggeration. Grand Cru celebrates the heritage of this highly prestigious line, honoring the original blends and sizes made by Zino Davidoff. Decades later, Grand Cru still stands up, offering a mellow to medium-bodied profile that any cigar enthusiast can enjoy. Grand Cru is a cigar that immediately impresses. Gazing upon this fine specimen, you’ll note the seamless, smooth Ecuadorian-grown Connecticut wrapper leaf, and the timeless Davidoff artwork. Most importantly, lighting it up, you’ll find a bouquet of complexity that only Davidoff can provide. Buttery and nutty in the beginning, Grand Cru develops subtle spice, cedar, and that signature Davidoff “grassiness” as it burns. Check out Davidoff Grand Cru today — you won’t be disappointed. ",Mellow-Medium,"['Corona', 'Petite Corona', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Dominican,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Corona, Petite Corona, Robusto, Toro",No,Ecuador Connecticut,Davidoff
Davidoff Maduro Series,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 1 Rating ,"Davidoff Goes DarkHandcrafted in the Dominican Republic, Davidoff cigars are high in price and high in quality. Each one looks stunning and burns like a dream. Seamless wrappers, perfect burn, easy draw, relentless consistency, balanced flavor....time and again. Rolled by a select few and blended to perfection, all Davidoff cigars feature 4 year aged, hand-selected Dominican fillers. Davidoff’s Maduro Series features a dark Nicaraguan Habano Maduro wrapper and offers a rich, full-flavored maduro taste backed by Davidoff's signature smoothness and quality. If you're looking for a richer blend from the Davidoff line, look no further.",Medium-Full,['Toro'],,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,Toro,No,Habano Maduro,
Davidoff Millennium Blend,Rated 4.5 out of 5, Based on 12 Ratings ,"A cigar for millenials? Handcrafted in the Dominican Republic, Davidoff cigars are high in price and high in quality. Each one looks stunning and burns like a dream. Seamless wrappers, perfect burn, easy draw, relentless consistency, balanced flavor….time and again. Rolled by a select few and blended to perfection, all Davidoff cigars feature 4 year aged, hand-selected Dominican fillers.Davidoff's Millenium Blend is typically regarded as their best cigar. Featuring an Ecuadorian Sun Grown wrapper, Millenium Blend releases a full-flavored, full-bodied blend that's rich and satisfying.Davidoff Millennium Blend has received numerous 90+ ratings, including a 94-rating stating: ""This cigar has good color and texture. The smoke is tremendously rich, with black cherry notes and an earthy complexity. The finish is warm and toasty."" ",Full,"['Petite Corona', 'Pyramid', 'Robusto', 'Short Robusto', 'Toro']",Dominican,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Petite Corona, Pyramid, Robusto, Short Robusto, Toro",No,Ecuador Sungrown,Davidoff
Davidoff Nicaragua,Rated 4.79 out of 5, Based on 71 Ratings ,"This Nicaraguan puro proves that Davidoff is still at the top of the heap.Enter Davidoff Nicaragua, a unique blend that utilizes all Nicaraguan tobaccos - a first for the legendary brand - for a flavor that defies explanation....in a good way. Enjoy their first foray into previously unexplored territory and appreciate this fine quality handmade that features all the attention to detail you've come to expect from a name like Davidoff.The cigar starts on a high note, with a flawless 10-year-aged Cuban-seed Nicaraguan Rosado wrapper. This vintage leaf is spun lovingly around a blend of long-filler tobaccos hailing from Nicaragua's premier growing regions of Esteli, Condega, and Ometepe. This complex core is then concealed by a rich Jalapa binder, kicking the level of complexity up another notch. Thick, billowing clouds of smoke greet the senses as this slow-burning cigar delivers all the way down to the nub. The best of what Nicaragua has to offer went into this one. And with a name like Davidoff behind it, it should come as no surprise. Great news! Davidoff Nicaragua earned an impressive 95-rating and the #3 spot of 2013's 'Best Cigars,' noting: ""The Toro was our favorite, showing complexity, elegance and balance, with floral notes, hints of coffee and leather and a very long finish. This is a beautiful, elegant smoke that's a worthy addition to the storied Davidoff name.'",Full,"['Corona', 'Robusto', 'Salomon', 'Toro']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,Varies,,"Corona, Robusto, Salomon, Toro",No,Nicaraguan,Davidoff
Davidoff Primeros,Rated 4.93 out of 5, Based on 29 Ratings ,"Big flavor in a small package.Davidoff Primeros offer a perfect option for enjoying top of the line handmades when you’re stretched for time. Davidoff has been known for crafting one premium after another, and this addition is no different. Utilizing grade-A leaves of four different varieties, Davidoff Primeros run the gamut on flavor and strength.If you haven’t already tried a Davidoff, here is the perfect opportunity to give every variety a whirl and pinpoint the blend that grabs your attention.",,['Cigarillos'],"Brazil, Dominican","Brazilian, Dominican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,Cigarillos,No,"Ecuador Connecticut, Ecuador Habano, Habano, Maduro",Davidoff
Davidoff Real Especiales <<7>> Robusto,Rated 5 out of 5,,"A new limited edition by the number one name in luxury cigars, bar none.If you’ve been around cigars for a while, there’s a chance you recognize this name. The Davidoff Real Especiales <<7>> was originally released in 2004, and used a blend of tobacco that closely resembled the famous Millennium series. The <<7>> was meant to designate the fact that the cigar used 7 different tobaccos, being 5 fillers, a binder and a wrapper. The release was an instant success, and aficionados the world over mourned its passing deeply. But now it’s time to make some room in your humidor, because the Real Especiales <<7>> has made its triumphant return. This iteration of the <<7>> still uses 7 different tobaccos, the same found in the Millennium series that inspired the original. Olor and Piloto Seco, Piloto and San Vicente Viso, and San Vicente Ligero make up the filler, Dominican Olor is used for the binder, and the wrapper is from Ecuador, making this a true feat of cigar blending excellence and expertise. The flavors are replete with cedar, walnuts, citrus, and spice, and the complexity makes sure that you’ll stay interested until your fingers are burning. Production is limited to 4000 boxes of 10, so act fast and experience one of the best cigars you’ll ever try.The Davidoff Real Especiales <<7>> received an incredible 99-point rating from Halfwheel, noting: “The Davidoff Especiales <<7>>, as evidenced by the score, is the greatest cigar I’ve ever smoked from a technical standpoint. The flavors—mouth, retrohale, finish—were simply outstanding. And the construction was equally impressive, burning with a near perfect burn line for over 90 percent of the cigar.”",,['Robusto'],Dominican,Dominican,False,,More Details,Dominican Republic,False,,Robusto,False,Ecuador Habano,
Davidoff Royal,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 1 Rating ,"Royally delicious.
Possibly the most exclusive and elusive offering in the cigar industry and certainly the most sought after in Davidoff of Geneva’s illustrious portfolio, Davidoff Royal is truly something special. Packed to the gills with complexity and captivating flavors, this gem will take you on a medium to full-bodied journey in one of the most refined blends to ever be concocted.
Gracing the top of this beauty is an extensively-aged, silky-smooth Ecuadorian wrapper leaf. Beneath, a bevy of carefully selected vintage Dominican long-fillers meld beautifully together. Extremely rich, and well-balance, Davidoff Royal delivers in spades with succulent notes of fresh cedar, sweet honey, citrus, and earth. With extremely limited quantities, this is a blend for the ages that you won’t want to miss out on.​",Medium-Full,"['Robusto', 'Salomon']",,,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Robusto, Salomon",No,Dominican,Davidoff
Davidoff Signature Series,Rated 4.63 out of 5, Based on 8 Ratings ,"Sign here to enjoyIf you’re looking for one of the smoothest, most celebrated cigars the world over, I’ve got great news — you’re in the right place. Davidoff Signature Series has been a staple in the humidors of discerning cigar enthusiasts for years, and if you haven’t tried one yet, you’re in for a real treat. Utilizing only the finest, perfectly-aged tobaccos, Davidoff Signature is consistently delicious. Available in a wide variety of sizes, there’s bound to be a Davidoff Signature that fits your preferences. These cigars are handmade in the Dominican Republic, featuring an Ecuador Connecticut wrapper leaf over Dominican binders and long-fillers. Each cigar delivers a smooth profile of natural tobacco and cream, with a clean and elegant finish. A must-have for your top-shelf, pick up a few Davidoff Signatures today. ",Mellow-Medium,"['Cigarillos', 'Corona', 'Lancero/Panatela', 'Petite Corona', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Dominican,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Cigarillos, Corona, Lancero/Panatela, Petite Corona, Robusto, Toro",No,"Ecuador Connecticut, Ecuador Sungrown",Davidoff
Davidoff Small Batch No. 1,Rated 4.44 out of 5,,"Davidoff raises the bar.Though many have tried, no one is Davidoff but Davidoff. Their worldwide reputation for producing the finest & most beautifully made cigars money can be buy can't be matched,and now with the release of the Small Batch Series, they've outdone even themselves. Consisting of a total of nine releases, each Davidoff Small Batch highlights a different blend of rare & exotic tobacco carefully sourced by master tobacconists. The quantities of each line will be extremely limited, and truly represent the exclusivity and luxury of this wonderful brand. The first release in the Small Batch Series is aptly named the Davidoff Small Batch No. 1. Weighing in at a satisfying 5.5"" x 52, the No. 1 wears a luscious Ecuadorian wrapper, over a Dominican binder and fillers sourced from Honduras and the Dominican Republic. From the first draw to the last, your palate will be enveloped in exquisite cocoa, coffee, cedar, and leather notes, in perfect balance with a touch of spice and a smooth, sweet finish. With a run of just 7100 cigars, you'll want to secure one for yourself before they're all gone. ",Medium-Full,['Robusto Extra'],Dominican,"Dominican, Honduran",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,Robusto Extra,No,Ecuador Habano,Davidoff
Davidoff Winston Churchill,Rated 4.69 out of 5, Based on 45 Ratings ,"“However beautiful the strategy, you should occasionally look at the results.” – Winston ChurchillThis wise quote by the former Prime Minister of England, and the namesake of the ‘Churchill’ cigar size, holds true today…especially in the realm of cigars. Davidoff implements this philosophy daily, and the proof is in the pudding. With their newest release, made in honor of Winston Churchill...and fittingly dubbed as such, the results are nothing short of extraordinary.Dressed in an attractive Ecuadorian Habano leaf, just above, a band is boldly displayed with Winston Churchill’s profile front and center. Its core is comprised of an impressive five different long-fillers, three hailing from the Dominican and two from Nicaragua, all of which are hugged by a sturdy Mexican binder. Medium-bodied, Winston Churchill delivers in flavor, featuring pronounced notes of cedar, dried fruit, and earthy nuances. Flavor-filled with ample complexity, this cigar fits the bill on all levels.Davidoff Winston Churchill received a well-deserved 90-rating noting: ""This attractive Churchill has a lush, open draw that strikes an easygoing balance between peppery, woody notes and sweet, floral intonations.""​",Medium,"['Belicoso', 'Churchill', 'Lancero/Panatela', 'Petite Corona', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Mexican,"Dominican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Belicoso, Churchill, Lancero/Panatela, Petite Corona, Robusto, Toro",No,Ecuador Habano,Davidoff
Davidoff Winston Churchill The Late Hour,Rated 4.88 out of 5, Based on 16 Ratings ,"Burning the cigar at both ends? Perhaps no historical figure is more iconic in the cigar world than the great Winston Churchill. He’s already got a size named after him (Churchill liked his large cigars, as you may have guessed). And a few years ago, Davidoff honored the man with a 90-rated medium-bodied gem of a blend. Now, Davidoff turns their attention to Churchill’s other side — the man who stayed up late, strategizing, obsessing, and perfecting. Davidoff Winston Churchill The Late Hour is a blend recognizing the honorary Sir Winston Churchill in the late hours of the night. This is where he found is inspiration. When the street lights dimmed, his creativity sparked. Davidoff celebrates this character with tobacco that is aged in Scotch single malt whiskey casks to bring out a unique complexity and a depth of balanced flavors. Throughout you'll experience varying layers of black pepper, dark coffee, sweetness, leather, wood and spiciness.  ",Medium-Full,"['Churchill', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Mexican,"Dominican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Robusto, Toro",No,"Ecuador Habano, Oscuro",Davidoff
Davidoff Yamasa,Rated 4.71 out of 5, Based on 7 Ratings ,"Yamasay yamasa yamasuma!Contrary to popular belief, the newest Davidoff did not get its name from the incoherent mumblings of the late, great Michael Jackson. Instead, the latest hit to come out of the Davdioff camp calls on select tobaccos grown in Yamasa, Dominican Republic – a region with a reputation for being difficult to grow in. Davidoff’s newest release, fittingly dubbed Yamasa, demanded that years of industry know-how be put to the test. Yamasa showcases a gorgeous, milk chocolaty wrapper leaf grown in this challenging region that took a team of scientists to perfect…and it’s evident in its seamless appearance. Also featuring a binder from San Vicente, DR and aged long-fillers from Nicaragua, Yamasa excels with hints of sweetness, leather, and rich spices. ​Great news! In early 2017, Davidoff Yamasa received a well-deserved 90-rating. The review stated, ""Wearing a dark and alluring wrapper, this torpedo burns evenly. Earthy, woody impressions are balanced by a toasty quality and cocoa powder sweetness.""",Medium-Full,"['Corona', 'Pyramid', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Dominican,"Dominican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Corona, Pyramid, Robusto, Toro",No,Dominican,Davidoff
Davidoff Year of the Rat,Rated 4.44 out of 5,,"The Year of the Rat is upon us.Every year for the past 8 years, Davidoff has released an extra-special, highly limited cigar inspired by the Chinese Zodiak Calendar. 2020 is the Year of the Rat, and the exquisite cigars bearing the same name are available and ready to ship so you can ring in the new year right!This yea'rs release features an Ecuador Habano wrapper, and a meticulously hand-selected filler blend of Nicaraguan and Dominican tobaccos. The flavor is complex and weighs in at a perfect medium body, with distinctive and perfectly balanced notes of roasted nuts, dried fruit, espresso, spice, and cedar. Davidoff Cigars never cease to impress, and the Zodiak series takes their reputation of masterful cigar production to new heights. Grab a box today, and join the ranks of connoisseurs celebrating the new year properly. ",Medium,['Toro'],Nicaraguan,"Dominican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,Toro,No,Ecuador Habano,
De Nobili by Avanti,Rated 4.53 out of 5, Based on 43 Ratings ,"An American classic.Made right here in the greatest country on earth (America, son!), De Nobili cigars are made using 100% Kentucky and Tennessee Dark Fired tobaccos. These tobaccos strike up a bold character brimming with hickory and earthy-sweetness, along with a distinct and memorable aroma. De Nobili cigars have been a favorite for decades. And thanks to sticking to the same time-tested formula, that's not gonna' change any time soon. Like the old adage goes, if it ain't broke don't fix it.  ",Medium,"['Cigarillos', 'Lonsdale']",,United States,False,No,More Details,United States,No,,"Cigarillos, Lonsdale",Varies,Kentucky Fire-Cured,
Devil's Weed Connecticut,Rated 4.1 out of 5, Based on 40 Ratings ,"Make a Deal with the Devil's WeedEver notice how many Dons there are in the cigar industry? I mean, Hell, you'd think this is the mafia with all the Dons running around. Devil's Weed is made by yet another Don. This time, it's Don Leoncio's factory in the Dominican Republic. While I'm not sure what makes him, or any Don, the Don, these cigars are the real deal. Packaged in affordable bundles of 20, Devil's Weed Connecticut is a new handmade that's easy to enjoy any and every day. The blend consists of a silk Ecuadorian Connecticut wrapper with binders and fillers from the DR. The draw is easy and clean, revealing pleasant notes of cream, hay, and a dash of spice. It's a great recipe for a smooth cigar, and makes this one an easy contender for all-day enjoyment. Plus, once you see our everyday discount, you'll realize this one's a no-brainer. ",Mellow-Medium,"['Belicoso', 'Churchill', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Dominican,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Belicoso, Churchill, Robusto, Toro",No,Ecuador Connecticut,
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,Rated 4.06 out of 5, Based on 51 Ratings ,"Wake up your palateNowadays, coffee blends are a dime a dozen. But when it comes to affordability, no one beats Devil’s Weed. The original Connecticut bundle was such a best-seller, we knew the people would demand more: so when these two coffee influenced blends landed on our dock courtesy of the DR, we got them upstairs for a little QA most expeditiously. And let me tell you: these blends are the real deal if you’re a fan of a little java with your tobac’. Today we’re looking at the ‘Dark Brew’ version of this bundled line, for those of you who like a little afternoon cold brew or just down a pot by yourself every morning. Up top, a toothy, slightly sweetened Mexican San Andres wrapper leaf provides the chocolate and black pepper notes to complement the coffee core, with the Dominican binder and long-filler keeping things sultry and smooth. Load up on a couple bundles – I’m willing to bet this one becomes a regular in your rotation. ",Medium-Full,"['Belicoso', 'Corona', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Dominican,Dominican,True,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Belicoso, Corona, Robusto, Toro",Yes,San Andres,
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,Rated 4.11 out of 5, Based on 46 Ratings ,"Wake up your palateNowadays, coffee blends are a dime a dozen. But when it comes to affordability, no one beats Devil’s Weed. The original Connecticut bundle was such a best-seller, we knew the people would demand more: so when these two coffee influenced blends landed on our dock courtesy of the DR, we got them upstairs for a little QA most expeditiously. And let me tell you: these blends are the real deal if you’re a fan of a little java with your tobac’. For those who prefer the “con leche” approach, Devil’s Weed offers up the Natural Brew Coffee Habano. A slightly sweetened Ecuadorian Habano wrapper leaf sits atop a bevy of aged Dominican long-filler tobaccos. Together, they combine to create a creamy and smooth core of flavor that’s perfect for all-day enjoyment. Indeed, this delicious handmade is almost guaranteed to become an everyday favorite.  ",Mellow-Medium,"['Belicoso', 'Corona', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Dominican,Dominican,True,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Belicoso, Corona, Robusto, Toro",Yes,Ecuador Habano,
Devil's Weed Red Devil,Rated 4.55 out of 5, Based on 11 Ratings ,"Ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-ch cherry bomb!Don Leoncio’s Devil’s Weed brand is growing like… well, like a weed! The original Connecticut was an instant hit, and spawned two coffee-infused line extensions that broke the mold for what most people would expect from an affordable coffee-infused stick. Now the Don does it again, with a feisty blend infused with smooth cherry notes and priced for everyday enjoyment.The core of the blend consists of high-quality Dominican long-fillers secured with a Dominican binder, and tied together with a flavorful Sumatra wrapper leaf. The blend is delicious on its own, but the addition of just the right amount of cherry essence seals the deal, making this a fantastic cigar to enjoy at any time of the day. The aroma is excellent and the taste will keep you coming back for more, which you can do again and again at these prices. Whether you enjoy it after breakfast or as the cherry on top of your day, you can’t go wrong with Devil’s Weed Red Devil. ",Medium,"['Belicoso', 'Corona', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Dominican,Dominican,True,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Belicoso, Corona, Robusto, Toro",No,Sumatra,
Diamond Crown,Rated 4.64 out of 5, Based on 14 Ratings ,"An exquisite handmade cigar.Made by Stanford Newman, Diamond Crown cigars are an elusive super premium that utilizes a special, ""Connecticut Fermented Wrapper"" (CFW). This 5-year old wrapper undergoes multiple fermentation processes, giving it a unique taste filled with sweet, rich flavors. A luxurious experience that commands top dollar. Highly rated and heavily praised.Diamond Crown received a well-deserved 92-rating noting: ""This is a pretty robusto with an excellent draw. It delivers earthy flavors while remaining smooth and round, and has hints of nutmeg and burnt spices.""​Quantities are extremely limited.",Mellow-Medium,"['Double Corona', 'Figurado', 'Presidente', 'Pyramid', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Double Corona, Figurado, Presidente, Pyramid, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,"Connecticut, Connecticut Broadleaf, Maduro",
Diamond Crown Julius Caeser,Rated 4.8 out of 5, Based on 30 Ratings ,"Et tu....Don’t get all uppity by the spelling of “Caeser” – in this instance, the name comes from Julius Caeser Newman, the founder of J.C. Newman cigars. This cigar was created to celebrate the company’s 115th anniversary and to honor the founding father’s 135th birthday. Newman started out humbly rolling cigars in Cleveland, and the company now operates out of Tampa, with third generation Newmans running the show. Diamond Crown Julius Caeser is a limited production beauty that’s rolled in small batches by the Fuente family. Boasting a 93-rating and spot on performance, this cigar easily fits in with the elite crowd. Dressed in an Ecuador Havana-seed wrapper draped over a Dominican binder, and featuring an eclectic mix of Caribbean basin and Central American fillers, this gem of a cigar is nothing short of fantastic. Enjoy smooth and robust flavors galore, including rich coffee, sweetness, spice, and wood. Trust me....Brutus would be super jealous.In addition to being selected as one of the Top Cigars of the Year, Julius Caeser earned a 93-rating, noting: ""Lots of rich, coffee-laden smoke layers the palate with each puff. The bold coffee is balanced by sweet and spicy woody flavors and a savory finish.""",Medium-Full,"['Churchill', 'Corona', 'Gordo', 'Pyramid', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Dominican,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Corona, Gordo, Pyramid, Robusto, Toro",No,Ecuador Habano,
Diamond Crown Maximus,Rated 4.61 out of 5, Based on 36 Ratings ,"Maximus. Taking Diamond Crown to another level.If you enjoy the regular Diamond Crown blend, you’re in for a real treat with the DC Maximus. The secret behind this exquisite cigar is the dark, oily wrapper. Rolled with a super-rich, Ecuadorian-grown El Bajo sungrown leaf from the Oliva family’s farm, this cigar is almost as enjoyable to look at as it is to burn. A bold, full-flavored cigar that’s chock full of robust, satisfying flavors and luxuriously smooth from start to finish. A wonderful (but expensive) top-shelf premium.Diamond Crown Maximus received a well-deserved 93-rating noting: ""​a rich, sweet cigar with plenty of cedar on the palate and a finish with notes of espresso beans.""Quantities are extremely limited.",Full,"['Churchill', 'Double Robusto', 'Presidente', 'Pyramid', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Dominican,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Double Robusto, Presidente, Pyramid, Robusto, Toro",No,Sumatra,
Dias de Gloria by AJ Fernandez,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 2 Ratings ,"Viva la Gloria!When AJ Fernandez thinks back on the ‘Glory Days’, he’s not thinking about dating cheerleaders in high school or pounding kegs with his frat buddies in college. He’s thinking about the glory days of Cuban tobacco, before the rise of Castro and the exodus of the best tobacco growers and producers, when cigars from the Island South of Miami were considered the undisputed best. Now AJ Fernandez’s newest release is ready to hit your humidors, and it promises to take you back to the tastes of Cuba’s yesteryear.The AJ Fernandez Dias de Gloria is a Nicaraguan Puro containing tobacco from four of AJ Fernandez’s oldest farms, all located in Esteli, with a good portion of the leaves aged up to seven years. AJ has been methodically and deliberately setting aside tobacco from each farm for this release, and the resulting flavor profile is exactly what he intended. Lighting up, you’ll experience a toasty, medium-bodied profile reminiscent of pre-1957 Cubans, with notes of vanilla, leather, earth, and pepper. Grab a box of Dias de Gloria, and reminisce on your glory days while the aroma of pre-Castro Cuba envelopes your senses.Good News! Dias de Gloria has been honored with a well-deserved 90-point rating, noting: ""A primarily earthy, coffee-like smoke balanced by secondary notes of French peanut, chocolate and red pepper spice. The draw is open, the burn, quite even.""",Medium,"['Double Toro', 'Gordo', 'Lonsdale', 'Robusto Extra']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,,More Details,Nicaragua,Varies,,"Double Toro, Gordo, Lonsdale, Robusto Extra",False,"Nicaraguan, Sun Grown",AJ Fernandez
Diesel,Rated 4.74 out of 5, Based on 500 Ratings ,"Diesel. Shaq diesel. The original cigar that started a titan of the industry. Blended in Esteli, Nicaragua by master of all-things-cigar A.J. Fernandez, Diesel utilizes bold Pennsylvania Broadleaf wrapper leaves, and Nicaraguan long-fillers grown in the jet black, volcanic soils of Nicaragua. Originally offered in just the original, stout “Unholy Cocktail” blend, Diesel has been expanded upon since to add two more regular blends. Whichever one you choose, rest assured you’ve found an absolute winner. A rare breed, this off-centered handmade is the cigar equivalent of a thick, juicy porterhouse. Crafted with the finest choice Nicaraguan tobaccos, Diesel’s geographical background is evident from first puff — layers and layers of thick spice come through on every puff, layered with natural tobacco sweetness, leather, and dark earthy notes. It’s a premium treat, priced at everyday friendly prices… in short, Diesel is an absolute no-brainer. Note: The original Diesel blend is also available in a special 6""x60 Double Perfecto. This full-throttle blend is rolled in limited quantities and is offered only in packs of 20 or packs of 5.",Full,"['Belicoso', 'Gordo', 'Robusto']",,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Belicoso, Gordo, Robusto",No,Pennsylvania Broadleaf,Diesel
Diesel d.10th,Rated 4.51 out of 5, Based on 109 Ratings ,"A Decade of Dominance It’s been 10 years since the small, boutique brand known as Diesel hit our docks. Back then, most people didn’t know who AJ was, and Diesel’s Unholy Cocktail had just a small, cult following. Jump ahead to today, and Diesel is one of the fastest-moving brands on our shelves, with AJ easily becoming a household name. Never compromising and never disappointing, Diesel continues to deliver rare breed blends day-in and day-out including its first ever anniversary cigar: Diesel d.10th. 100% full-bodied, 100% full-flavored, and 100% Diesel. D.10th will be most familiar to those who love AJ’s leaf. For this commemorative release, A.J.’s inspected and selected the finest Ecuadorian Habano Oscuro wrapper to top a blend that’s as delicious as it is powerful. Overflowing with rich, hearty notes of dark chocolate, earth, and roasted coffee and brought together by a mouthwatering, spicy-sweet finish, d.10th is an absolute must-have for fans of AJ’s work. Viva la Diesel!",Full,"['Robusto', 'Short Robusto', 'Torpedo']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Robusto, Short Robusto, Torpedo",No,"Ecuador Habano, Oscuro",Diesel
Diesel Delirium L.E.,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 1 Rating ,"Enter a state of Delirium.No, you’re not hallucinating, and trust us, you’re not crazy. There really is a new Diesel landing at CI Nation, and it’s not one to be taken lightly. That’s because the Diesel Delirium L.E. is strong, even by Diesel’s standards. Experienced puffers and stogie thrill-seekers listen up, because this blend is only here to raise a ruckus for a limited time. Starting with an Ecuador Sumatra wrapper and Connecticut Broadleaf binder, this treat for the senses contains all Nicaraguan fillers, including a heavy portion of ligero to kick up the spice. But Delirium is much more than a powerhouse. Layers of complex spice and pepper lay a foundation and remain prominent throughout, but underneath, careful blending resulted in a delicious bouquet of roasted nuts, oak, nougat, leather, and a subtle natural sweetness. Grab a box of Diesel Delirium L.E., and see what all the hysteria is about.Good news! Diesel Delirium has been honored with a well-deserved 90-point rating, which noted: “Rolled in a near-black wrapper and rough cap, this toro has a substantial draw and fairly even burn. Toasty at first with notes of cereal, this cigar takes on the smoky, woody character of mesquite and hickory with unexpected bursts of dried, tropical fruit before the savory finish.”",Full,['Toro'],Connecticut Broadleaf,Nicaraguan,False,,More Details,Nicaragua,False,,Toro,False,Ecuador Sumatra,Diesel
Diesel Hair of the Dog L.E.,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 3 Ratings ,"A bark as good as its bite.AJ Fernandez is a madman, and he never has a dog day. Everything that comes out of his factory is top-notch, and so is the facility itself. The Diesel line is a great example: it’s one of CI Nation’s die-hard favorite brands for a reason. Our customers can’t get enough of the bold, complex flavors and striking packaging, and Diesel has upped the ante with their latest release from AJ’s factory in Nicaragua.Resting on its haunches and ready to pounce is a new, limited edition single-size release by Diesel called Hair of the Dog. Don’t let the name fool you, this cigar is anything but cute & cuddly. Inside a glistening Ecuador Habano wrapper and Ecuador Sumatra binder is a feisty blend of Nicaraguan Habano fillers, creating a profile that’s anything but tame but certainly not vicious. Full-flavored and medium-full bodied, the Hair of the Dog is a feat of tobacco blending prowess. A hearty dose of pepper, spice, and leather charges across your palate in perfect balance, with an excellent draw and burn throughout. Just don’t expect this stick to serve as your guard dog, because anyone who smells it will likely move a bit closer!Good news! The Diesel Hair of the Dog LE has received a 90-point rating, noting: ""This box-pressed cigar is draped in an attractive, chocolate-brown wrapper that feels smooth to the touch. Its lush draw delivers soft notes of wood and tea interspersed with sweeter hints of toffee and milk chocolate.""",Medium-Full,['Toro'],Habano,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,True,,Toro,False,Ecuador Sumatra,Diesel
Diesel Heart of Darkness,Rated 4.76 out of 5, Based on 63 Ratings ,"Best of the bestWe love Diesel. It’s a brand that has consistently performed, with each blend under the Diesel name promising a unique experience unlike anything else on the market. To ask for more seems greedy, but, let’s face it — with Diesel, we always want more. Enter the new Diesel Heart of Darkness. A limited edition blend, this one’s pure substance. It’s dark, it’s bold, and it’s unapologetically Diesel. Diesel Heart of Darkness comes in one perfected size: a meaty, 6” x 58 Gordo. Inside each box you’ll find 14 Ecuador Habano Oscuro wrapped gems. The dark, oily wrapper leaf sits atop a potent firecracker blend of all long-fillers from three different regions in Nicaragua, plus some additional Esteli ligero to put this one over the top. Each puff delivers a chewy feast of bitter espresso, earth, black pepper, and salty leather. Prepare for your palate to kick into overdrive as you burn your fingers taking this one down to the nub. If you’ve been around these parts long enough to have seen some other Diesel limited releases, you know as well as I do that this blend is gonna fly. Act quickly son. Otherwise you’ll be left with scraps while everyone else is enjoying filet. ​",Full,['Gordo'],Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,Gordo,No,Ecuador Habano,Diesel
Diesel Rage,Rated 4.6 out of 5, Based on 184 Ratings ,"You’ll be angry you didn’t try it sooner.Creating a new Diesel is hard. Creating a new Diesel that outdoes the outstanding core lines is even harder. Almost impossible, actually. But AJ Fernandez  stepped up and nailed it…again. This limited edition cigar will blow your mind, that’s a promise.  Diesel Rage showcases an ultra-dark Ecuadorian Habano Sun Grown Oscuro wrapper overtop a perfect recipe of Cuban-seed Nicaraguan long-fillers grown for this project on AJ’s farms. This combination is 100% in sync, uniting to deliver an overload of complex flavors including earth, vanilla, coffee, spices, and cedar, all while offering just enough strength without becoming overpowering. It’s balanced. It’s bold. It’s smooth. It’s complex. It’s unique. It’s Diesel Rage and it’s a premium handmade stroke of genius.​",Medium-Full,"['Gordo', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,Yes,,"Gordo, Toro, Torpedo",No,Habano Oscuro,Diesel
Diesel Uncut,Rated 4.5 out of 5, Based on 334 Ratings ,"​The best value from Diesel to date.From the beginning, Diesel has been a brand of superior strength, body, and quality for a price point seemingly impossible to match. It’s like walking out of Costco with five shopping carts full of goodies and only dropping forty bones. Well now the ante has been upped with their newest release, Uncut. This beaut, blended by the masterful hands of A.J. Fernandez is undiluted, unapologetic, and unmatched in its flavor, consistency, and its unbelievable price point.To create Uncut, A.J. selected a robust blend of Nicaraguan long-fillers and finished it with a medium-brown Pennsylvania Broadleaf natural wrapper to deliver a rich, hearty blend loaded with notes of chocolate, nuts, black pepper, and cedar. The strength, complexity, and flavor that you have grown to expect from Diesel, at a price that lets you burn one after another. In short, Uncut is underpriced.​",Full,"['Robusto', 'Toro']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Robusto, Toro",No,Pennsylvania Broadleaf,Diesel
Diesel Uncut d.CT,Rated 4.48 out of 5, Based on 83 Ratings ,"​Connecticut – the Diesel way.Diesel…the mere mention conjures up thoughts of potent, full-bodied, knee-buckling, powerhouse cigars. There’s a reason why the brand sells out faster that fried Snickers at a weight loss convention, they’re damned good, and they’re damned affordable. Diesel Uncut, the blend favored by Tabacalera Fernandez’s workers, has quickly become the stuff of full-bodied folklore and with the newest addition to the line they bring a new wrapper to the table. Meet Diesel Uncut d.CT, still bold, and still jam packed with flavor, just with a toned-down intensity.Diesel Uncut d.CT comes dressed in an Ecuadoran Connecticut wrapper sitting atop a Nicaraguan binder and long-fillers. The Connecticut wrapper adds a creamy element to the familiar flavors of black pepper, nuts, cedar, and earth, and the blend is a medium-bodied treat. The potency is dialed down, but the blend will still wallop you with flavor and complexity. In short, it’s what you’d expect from a Diesel and at a price that’s hard to believe.​",Medium,"['Robusto', 'Toro']",,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Robusto, Toro",No,Connecticut,Diesel
Diesel Unlimited,Rated 4.58 out of 5, Based on 600 Ratings ,"Unlimited flavor....Diesel Unlimited is the epic new follow-up to the epic original Diesel! Unlimited is rich, complex, full-bodied and ultra-flavorful....carefully crafted into 4 stately, big ring vitolas and booming with gobs of flavor, boldness, denseness and complexity. In spades. Then double it. Then multiply by six. That's about right.Diesel Unlimited is fitted with a dark, Habano Ecuador ligero wrapper leaf - oozing with oils, it looks like a tasty chocolate candy bar. Rich long-leaf filler tobaccos from Condega and Esteli Nicaragua meld with spicy San Andres leaves to create a strikingly robust and randy blend with intensely lush flavors. Expect notes of leather, spice, earth and oak, rounding out its toasty tobacco core. Smooth, slow-burning, zesty, full-flavored. Unlimited. ",Full,"['Belicoso', 'Gordo', 'Perfecto', 'Presidente', 'Robusto']",,"Mexican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Belicoso, Gordo, Perfecto, Presidente, Robusto",No,"Ecuador Habano, Habano",Diesel
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,Rated 4.72 out of 5, Based on 260 Ratings ,"Just when you thought it was safe to leave the house – Diesel. Unlimited. Maduro.That’s right, gents, your favorite new blend has a whole new look, and you better believe it’s more enticing than ever. Another winning combination from Diesel should come as no surprise, especially since I can’t tell you how many requests I’ve been fielding for the maduro version of Unlimited. Well, your wishes are granted and your prayers are answered. This tasty little sucker has finally arrived, and it’s just as good as you hoped it would be.Unlimited Maduro is a full-bodied masterpiece, draped in an absolutely gorgeous Broadleaf maduro wrapper that glistens with natural oils. A quick peek beneath the sheets reveals the real meat and potatoes – a lovely San Andres binder and a bold mix of Honduran and Nicaraguan long-fillers. Think we’re done? Oh, hardly. Flavorful, feisty, and expertly crafted, this premium handmade will take you on a journey through notes of leather, coffee, cocoa, and spice, all complemented by a slightly sweet, slightly peppery taste. It’s rich. It’s satisfying. It’s the one you’ve been waiting for....Diesel Unlimited Maduro. ",Full,"['Belicoso', 'Gordo', 'Perfecto', 'Presidente', 'Robusto']",Mexican,"Honduran, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Belicoso, Gordo, Perfecto, Presidente, Robusto",No,"Maduro, Pennsylvania Broadleaf",Diesel
Diesel Whiskey Row,Rated 4.63 out of 5, Based on 76 Ratings ,"Diesel LibationIf you’ve been around these parts long enough, you’re well aware of the Diesel brand. No-nonsense, full-flavored, and expert construction. These phrases no doubt come to mind. Diesel Whiskey Row stays true, but takes a unique approach for the brand. The binder is aged in Rabbit Hole Bourbon barrels – a first for Diesel as well as master blender AJ Fernandez. But have no fear – these bourbon barrels that once held Rabbit Hole Bourbon were first shipped to AJ Fernandez in 2016. After many months of testing, he finally nailed down a process that imparts the perfect amount of flavor and aroma into the tobacco and Diesel Whiskey Row was born. The core of this cigar is made up entirely of Nicaraguan long-fillers from 3 different growing regions - Ometepe, Jalapa, and Condega – that have been aged from five to eight years. The bourbon barrel aged binder is a Mexican San Andres leaf, and it’s all held together five-years aged Ecuadorian habano wrapper. The barrel aging produces a strong oaky flavor and hints of bourbon in the aroma. You’ll also notice some floral notes, spice and some sweetness in a medium-bodied format. In my many, many samplings of this cigar, the construction has been nothing short of flawless – something we’ve come to expect from AJ-made cigars. Grab a box of these unique Diesels today, pair ‘em with a few fingers of the good stuff, and you won’t be disappointed. Good news! Diesel Whiskey Row has received a well-deserved 91-point rating, noting: ""The earthy, chocolate notes of this cigar frame a hearty core of wood and cedar, all combining for a finish of bread and brown sugar.""",Medium,"['Churchill', 'Gigante', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Mexican,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Churchill, Gigante, Robusto, Toro",No,Ecuador Habano,Diesel
Diesel Whiskey Row Sherry Cask,Rated 4.62 out of 5, Based on 21 Ratings ,"A very Sherry Diesel.Rabbit Hole Bourbon & Diesel Cigars are a match made in heaven. The Diesel Whiskey Row was released in 2018 to a wave of excitement from cigar aficionados everywhere, owing to the fantastic blend and bold flavors from the binder aged in Rabbit Hole bourbon barrels. The follow-up to that fantastic success uses barrels that originally contained 30-year old Pedro Ximenez Sherry which were sent to Rabbit Hole to produce their PX Sherry Finish Bourbon, before finally landing at Tabacalera AJ Fernandez in Nicaragua.The blend consists of a dark Connecticut Broadleaf wrapper and Nicaraguan fillers, but the barrel-aged Brazilian Arapiraca binder is the star of the show. The flavors are wonderfully influenced by the sherry casks, without becoming infused or overly sweet. Instead, you’ll find notes of dark fruit, cedar, chocolate, and pepper, for a smooth medium-bodied experience that pairs great with any drinks with naturally sweet characteristics. Diesel crated something truly special & unique with this release, so you won’t want to hesitate to go down the Rabbit Hole. Good news! Diesel Whiskey Row Sherry Cask has received an impressive 91-point rating, noting: ""Sweet notes of fruit and cocoa powder take on a distinct woodiness before the long, licorice finish.""",Medium-Full,"['Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Brazil,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,Varies,,"Gordo, Robusto, Toro",Varies,Connecticut Broadleaf,Diesel
Diesel Wicked,Rated 4.63 out of 5, Based on 49 Ratings ,"wick•ed [wik-id] adjective1. mischievous or playfully malicious2. Slang . wonderful; great; masterful; deeply satisfyingI can assure you....you are not ready for Diesel Wicked cigars. Your unsuspecting palate is not yet prepared for the full-bodied complexity this devilishly enchanting breed has to offer. Your humidor cannot possibly fit another super-premium demanding permanent residency. Your daily rotation cannot be swayed, altered, nor manipulated to include an aggressive new ‘cuvee de’ Diesel layered with this level of depth and sophistication. Something Wicked this way comes....and I suggest you run, lest be consumed by its alluring embrace.By the pricking of my thumbs.... Pitch black, long-leaf ligeros cultivated from the rich, volcanic soils of Nicaragua’s top growing regions. Binders hand selected from top-priming Habano leaves grown in Esteli, Nicaragua. Thick, Broadleaf maduro ligero wrappers from Pennsylvania glistening with oils. These are the components used to craft Diesel Wicked. A full-bodied, full-flavored apparition formed by the hands of a master. The weak and timid need not apply - Wicked yields a bold assortment of deep nuances and spicy undertones. Oak, leather, dark tobacco, roasted espresso bean, black pepper, red pepper. A feisty charisma that grows more intense with each puff. Diesel Wicked, the cigar you’ve been asking for. Open locks, whoever knocks....No, you’re not seeing things. Diesel Wicked is back. Due to the rare tobaccos required to craft each cigar, it was believed to be gone forever. But now, it’s returned for a limited, cameo appearance. Diesel Wicked is knocking…answer the call while you still can. ​",Full,['Torpedo'],Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,Torpedo,No,Pennsylvania Broadleaf,Diesel
Djarum Black Ivory,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 1 Rating ,"A classic combination
An extension of the popular Djarum Black, these vanilla infused little cigars feature unique flavor by the shovelful. Crafted with premium tobaccos and cloves, each Djarum Black is rolled in a homogenized tobacco wrapper to create a slow-burning, super smooth experience. 
These were formerly known as Djarum Black Vanilla, but are now called Djarum Black Ivory. ",Mellow,['Cigarillos'],,,True,No,More Details,Indonesia,No,,Cigarillos,Yes,HTL,Djarum Filtered Cigars
Djarum Black Ruby,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 3 Ratings ,"Guaranteed to turn a few heads
The uber-popular Djarum Black is a clove-infused cigar, perfect for those opportunities when you need to relax, but you’re short on time. Incredibly popular with the kretek loving crowd, Djarum Black Cherry cigars add a hint of cherry to the mix, to create a uniquely flavored mellow experience. Note: These used to be known as Djarum Black Cherry, but is now called Djarum Black Ruby. ",Mellow,['Cigarillos'],,,True,No,More Details,Bahamas,No,,Cigarillos,Yes,HTL,Djarum Filtered Cigars
Djarum Black Sapphire,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 1 Rating ,"Sapphire’s a gem! Djarum Blacks remind me of ACID cigars… those who like them, love them. Those who don’t… well, maybe check out one of the other products we carry. But let me shoot you straight — if you’re looking for a clove-infused cigar, Djarum Black Sapphire is the best around. Made in Indonesia, these incredibly smooth little cigars include just a bit of menthol to push them over the edge. ",Mellow,['Cigarillos'],,,True,No,More Details,Indonesia,No,,Cigarillos,Yes,HTL,Djarum Filtered Cigars
Dominican Cream,Rated 4.05 out of 5, Based on 380 Ratings ,"So creamy, so good.We field constant inquiries from manufacturers asking us to carry their cigars, invitations to make cigars at every hole-in-the-wall factory in Central America with ‘best price,’ and we burn through sample after sample. People think it’s fun, but lighting up thousands of handmades that are glorified mulch ain’t fun at all. But now and then, one blend stands out. Here is one diamond in the rough. Dominican Cream boasts that famed Dominican profile: mellow character, subtle cedar, sweet cream, and a dash of spice. When you weigh the quality of these ‘Cuban sandwich’ treats against the price we managed to wrangle them at, there’ll no doubt be cheers from sea to shining sea.Note: These cigars have a very slightly sweetened cap. The slightest we've ever seen!​",Mellow,"['Churchill', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Connecticut,
Don Carlos Edicion de Aniversario,Rated 4.67 out of 5, Based on 9 Ratings ,"It’ll have you seeking out a special occasion.Look, this is not an everyday cigar, not by any stretch. But when you experience those life-altering moments that leave you grasping for something absolutely spectacular to commemorate the occasion, this is the ultra-premium handmade that you should be reaching for. Hands down.Don Carlos Edicion de Aniversario was created to celebrate the 30th anniversary of Don Carlos, and true Fuente fans will recognize that this is not an event to be taken lightly. It features a well-aged sun grown Habano wrapper, which just happens to be the same type used for the ever-popular Opus X. Beneath the hood, a choice blend of 2-year-aged choice Dominican long-fillers rounds out this mix. The creamy, unique flavor profile is perfectly complemented by the excellent construction and even draw. And talk about limited edition....these beauties are released in small quantities, which makes them extremely hard to find. So go ahead, and fitfully honor your special occasion with a truly superior cigar experience.Don Carlos Edicion de Aniversario has received ratings as high as 94-points, noting: ""a tremendously intense and complex blend, especially in the Double Robusto size.""",Medium,"['Double Robusto', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Dominican,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Double Robusto, Robusto, Toro",No,Dominican,Arturo Fuente
Don Diego,Rated 4.31 out of 5, Based on 35 Ratings ,"A classic cigar, Don Diego is considered one of the world’s finest and most dependable premium brands.Don Diego is one of the most attractive and well-made cigars in existence. The extra smooth Connecticut wrapper lends a very pleasant, extremely mellow flavor - in fact, this is one of the mellowest cigars you can find, but with a creamy texture, pleasant aroma and nice balance.",Mellow,"['Churchill', 'Corona', 'Lonsdale', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Dominican,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Corona, Lonsdale, Robusto, Toro",No,Connecticut,
Don Felix,Rated 3.86 out of 5, Based on 305 Ratings ,"A new DonThere are so many Dons in this industry I can’t keep them straight anymore. We’ve got Rafael, Pepin, Diego, Jesus, Smith and on and on. Normally I’d dive in here and tell you the long story about the great Don Felix and how these cigars came to be. But honestly, I don’t know who Don Felix is so let’s just skip right to the nitty gritty.These cigars hail from the El Artista factory in the Dominican Republic, the same guys who brought you brands like Puro Ambar, Cimarron, and Big Papi. They utilize a Dominican binder and fillers, covered by a smooth and seamless Sumatra wrapper. Spark one up and you’ll be treated to notes of earth and hay with a slight cinnamon zest and just a touch of sweetness. Packaged in affordable dress mazos, this deal is ripe for the picking. ",Mellow-Medium,['Toro'],Dominican,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,Toro,No,Dominican,
Don Jesus,Rated 3.86 out of 5, Based on 147 Ratings ,"“7th Wonder of the World” indeed!Here’s a sad story with a happy ending. A few months ago, we purchased a closeout lot. A favor to friend kind of thing. As they say, no good deed goes unpunished. Here’s our punishment. Among some more decent brands was a gem labeled Don Jesus. Funny enough alone, but it gets better. Closer examination revealed the number of cigars on the bundle manually scribbled out with a Sharpie. Bearable, I guess. But it gets worse. The ‘Don Jesus’ label was obviously applied over another label to intentionally cover it up. Underneath? Another label of a brand called Desperado Seconds. A cigar described in print, on the sticker, by the manufacturer as, “These are not first quality cigars, not stemless, perfect, or spectacular in any way.” Good. Now that my cards are all on the table, here’s the happy ending. We burnt a bundle. They’re not that bad, and I want to wash my hands of this mess quickly. So my offer to you is this: I’m not going to make any money on these and you get a half-decent cigar or well under a buck a pop. Help me out, would ya? ​Your choice of Connecticut or Maduro wrapper.",Mellow,['Corona'],,,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,Corona,No,"Connecticut, Maduro",
Don Lino Africa,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 3 Ratings ,"Back from the Safari with a whole new look.Nestor Miranda of Miami Cigar Co. was inspired to create the Don Lino Africa after spending time traveling the African continent, and falling in love with the culture and scenery. The cigar was blended to capture the spirit of Africa, and became one of the brand’s most popular lines. Now, more than a decade after the original release, Don Lino Africa is being reimagined with a little help from AJ Fernandez.Made by hand at Tabacalera AJ Fernandez Cigars de Nicaragua S.A. in Esteli, the revamped Don Lino Africa blend starts with a hand-selected long-filler blend of Dominican Piloto and Nicaraguan leaves from Ometepe, Jalapa, and Esteli. The binder is sourced from Cameroon in Africa, covered by a sultry Habano 2000 wrapper grown in Ecuador. Medium-full in body, box-pressed, and smooth as silk, you’ll be greeted by a fantastic draw and notes of exotic spice, cedar, roasted nuts, and leather. Grab a box and experience a blend inspired by one of the most beautiful places on Earth, the African Savanna.",Medium-Full,"['Belicoso', 'Gordo', 'Petite Corona', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Cameroon,"Dominican, Nicaraguan",False,,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Belicoso, Gordo, Petite Corona, Robusto, Toro",No,Ecuador Habano,
Don Lino Habanitos,Rated 4.7 out of 5, Based on 33 Ratings ,"Smooth, satisfying cigars from the Dominican.Don Lino is a classic brand made in the La Aurora factory, the oldest and best known factory in the Dominican Republic. It utilizes select, extensively aged Dominican long-fillers. The trimmings of these fillers are then used to create Habanitos, a golden-brown, Sumatra-wrapped cigarillo that's filled with creamy, crisp flavors delivered in a mellow, deliberate manner. Quick and satisfying, 50 Habanitos come packaged in beautiful replica tins, giving you a mass of delicious, 'tweener' smokes. ",Mellow,['Cigarillos'],,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,Cigarillos,No,Connecticut,
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,Rated 4.44 out of 5, Based on 104 Ratings ,"A beautiful, Cuban-esque gem. Jose Garcia, otherwise known as Don Pepin, is the man behind some of the industry's hottest cigars. My Father, DPG Cuban Classic, Tatuaje, and Flor de Las Antillas....to name a few. To create the Blue, a blend of 100% Nicaraguan tobacco is utilized. All Cuban-seed, this hearty mixture is made complete with a dark Nicaraguan Corojo wrapper. The cigar is full-bodied and full-flavored, boasting a rich, spicy bouquet of flavor with an assortment of earthy nuances. Eventful from start to finish and ultimately satisfying, Don Pepin Garcia Blue is a delicious, well-balanced cigar.In addition to being named among the World's Top 25 Cigars, number eight to be exact, Don Pepin Garcia Blue received a well-deserved '93' and '92' rating, noting: ""An almost perfectly constructed lancero with an exemplary pigtail cap. The draw is perfect, loading the palate with rich coffee notes well balanced by spice, chocolate, and a leathery finish.""",Full,"['Churchill', 'Cigarillos', 'Corona', 'Gordo', 'Lancero/Panatela', 'Presidente', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,Varies,,"Churchill, Cigarillos, Corona, Gordo, Lancero/Panatela, Presidente, Toro, Torpedo",No,Corojo,Don Pepin Garcia
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,Rated 4.75 out of 5, Based on 72 Ratings ,"Pepin Garcia, a man on fire!Ready yourself for the strongest blend from 'Don Pepin' Garcia to date. The Black label is as inviting as it is delicious. Coated with a caramel-colored Corojo wrapper, this eventful blend of Cuban-seed tobaccos hails from the black, fertile soils of Nicaragua. The result is a full-tilt array of flavor swirling throughout your palate with undeniable hints of earth, toasted cedar and black pepper. The aftertaste and aroma are sweet and pleasant, completing an interesting experience that will leave you satisfied every time.Rated '92', the Cuban Classic blend - otherwise known as 'Black' - from Don Pepin Garcia has been named one of the Top 25 Cigars in the world: ""A lovely cigar that has an elegant draw and burn. The blend is pleasant, with a toasted almond flavor, notes of wood and touches of leather on the palate.""Quantities are limited.",Full,"['Belicoso', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Belicoso, Gordo, Robusto, Toro",No,Corojo,Don Pepin Garcia
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,Rated 4.58 out of 5, Based on 43 Ratings ,"A wonderful cigar bearing the name of its world renowned maker.Don 'Pepin' Garcia is currently making some of the world's finest cigars. More often than not, the name Tatuaje comes to mind immediately upon hearing his name. This is just one of his masterpieces which are known to rival the flavor, character and experience of your finest Cuban cigars.Series JJ is another. Created by Pepin and his son Jaime, this fine handmade employs a wonderful blend of Nicaraguan Corojo and Criollo long-leaf tobaccos inside a flavorful Nicaraguan Corojo wrapper. The result is a full-bodied smoke layered with deep flavors. The aroma is earthy and spicy, complementing the rich, leathery flavors perfectly.Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ is handmade in Miami, in order to maintain a high level of quality control, making this a rare treat for the senses. Quantity is extremely limited.",Full,"['Belicoso', 'Robusto', 'Salomon', 'Toro']",Corojo,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Belicoso, Robusto, Salomon, Toro",No,Corojo,Don Pepin Garcia
Don Rafael Brasil #57 Robusto,Rated 4.33 out of 5, Based on 3 Ratings ,"Brasil… Spanish for “Brazil” Like fine meats at a Brazilian steakhouse, this handmade from Don Rafael delivers a full plate of flavors that just don’t stop. Yes, the second stop on the Don Rafael world tour is sure to be a favorite for those who like their cigars hearty. Add in the fact that you’re getting filet quality at burger shack pricing, and you’ve got a no-brainer on your hands. Let’s get the first question out of the way here — why is there an Ecuadorian Connecticut wrapper on a cigar named Brasil. Well, dig in a bit deeper and you’ll find you answer. The Brazilian leaves in this blend come from the binder and filler, the right place for them to shine through. They add a nice “oomph” to the otherwise mellow wrapper leaf, resulting in a medium-bodied experience that’s got a perfect yin-yang of spicy, sweet, and tangy. Try Don Rafael Brasil for yourself, and you’ll quickly realize why they’re flying outta here so fast. ",Medium-Full,['Robusto'],,,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,Robusto,No,Ecuador Connecticut,
Don Rafael Connecticut,Rated 4.36 out of 5, Based on 538 Ratings ,"Don Rafael cigars are premium mellow and smooth, built for Everyman’s everyday enjoyment at bargain basement prices.Don Rafael cigars, rolled by Jose Dominguez in the same boutique cigar factory that makes Victor Sinclair, is a well-constructed, mellow to medium-bodied blend from the Dominican Republic. Don Rafael is comprised of a Dominican binder, all-Dominican long-filler leaves, and a Connecticut Shade wrapper grown in Ecuador.SMOKE magazine says: ""Four out of five panelists agree: this is a cigar for everyone... subtle tones of spice and wood, bequeathed to the palate by the Connecticut broadleaf wrapper, make the Don Rafael an excellent all-day smoke for the novice and an excellent morning smoke. This is a perfect accompaniment to a glass of dry champagne or a mimosa, after you’ve finished off a heaping plate of huevos rancheros!""",Mellow-Medium,"['Churchill', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Salomon', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Dominican,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Gordo, Robusto, Salomon, Toro, Torpedo",No,Ecuador Connecticut,Don Rafael
Don Rafael Ecuador,Rated 4.67 out of 5, Based on 6 Ratings ,"A thrilling, No ifs, ands or buts — Ecuador is where it’s atOriginally known for their line of affordable, everyday blends, the Don Rafael name got a major addition in 2017. You see, the Don’s always been quite the traveler, and now that world knowledge is being put to use in the Don Rafael World lineup. Six different cigars, each highlighting tobacco’s from one of the world’s renowned cigar countries are offered up — every one delicious in its own right. At hand today is Don Rafael Ecuador. Never content to live with the status quo, the Don added a little “secret ingredient” to this sauce. Inside each Don Rafael Ecuador you’ll find a hand-selected Pennsylvania super ligero leaf. That, combined with the Dominican long-fillers, sets this one apart from your everyday Connecticut-wrapped cigars. Indeed, Don Rafael Ecuador measures in at a comfortable medium-body, dishing out the smooth, buttery experience you want from a Connecticut with a nice dash of pepper thrown in on top. ",Medium,['Robusto'],Sumatra,"Dominican, United States",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,Robusto,No,Ecuador Connecticut,
Don Rafael Gold,Rated 4.56 out of 5, Based on 174 Ratings ,"Don Rafael cigars are premium mellow and smooth, built for Everyman’s everyday enjoyment at bargain basement prices.Don Rafael Gold is the newest addition to the Victor Sinclair family. Deliciously mellow to medium-bodied, with a slightly sweetened tip....the best kind of tip if you ask me....you could burn these long into the night. Made from all Dominican long-fillers, Don Rafael Gold is finished off with a pristine Ecuador wrapper. Smooth, mellow, and satisfying with a touch of spice. Enjoy it any time of day....and don't forget to stock up!​",Mellow-Medium,"['Churchill', 'Corona', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Dominican,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Corona, Robusto, Toro",Yes,Ecuador Sungrown,Don Rafael
Don Rafael Italia,Rated 4.33 out of 5, Based on 9 Ratings ,"The Don kicks it up a notchWhen you hear cigar lover’s talk about tobacco, it always comes back to a few countries: Nicaragua, the DR, and Cuba. But those who have been around the block once or twice know there’s a spot in Europe that deserves to be in those talks too — Italy. Italian tobacco is criminally underutilized in the cigar industry, but now Don Rafael throws their hat in the ring to remind us all that Italy isn’t just food, wine, nonnas and soccer. Featuring a thick dose of Italian dark-fired tobacco from Tuscany in the filler, Don Rafael Italia is a medium-full bodied powerhouse. This strength in body isn’t normally what Don Raf is known for, but take a puff and you’ll wish every cigar he made tasted like this. Italia features notes of oak, hearty spice, and an indescribably rich sweetness. With all the brands on the cigar market today, it’s hard to innovate. But I promise you, there’s nothing quite like this one around. ",Medium-Full,['Robusto'],Sumatra,"Dominican, Italian",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,Robusto,No,Ecuador Connecticut,
Don Rafael Maduro,Rated 4.17 out of 5, Based on 151 Ratings ,"'Don Everybody,' but darker.When the original Don Rafael burst onto the scene, we instantly knew there was a winner on our hands. Handcrafted in the Dominican Republic by Jose Dominguez, of Victor Sinclair fame, the Don Rafael brand represents the ultimate mix of luxury feel and premium tobacco... a cigar that retails for just a few bucks that easily stands up to those twice the price. Don Rafael Maduro is the ultimate every-dude cigar. A mellow to medium-bodied handmade comprised of aged Dominican long-fillers inside a Dominican binder, producing a classic Dominican flavor that's just plain enjoyable. And now, this timeless blend comes dressed in a dark and oily Connecticut Broadleaf maduro wrapper, making it absolutely irresistible. A richer, smoother, more flavorful Don Rafael without taking the strength up a notch. Expect rich, cedar flavors throughout with a nice sweetness on the finish. Enjoyable!",Mellow-Medium,"['Churchill', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Dominican,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Gordo, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Connecticut Broadleaf,Don Rafael
Don Rafael Nicaragua,Rated 4.15 out of 5, Based on 102 Ratings ,"‘The Don’ delivers a Nicaraguan.Don Rafael rules the arena in the Everyman’s every day enjoyment segment of the industry. Thousands of loyal fans swear by ‘The Don’s’ three preceding blends, and for Senor Rafael’s best trick yet, a hearty Nicaraguan is raring to please palates across the nation, while keeping the same Don Rafael value as all the others. Set you eyes upon, Don Rafael Nicaragua.Rich and medium-bodied, Don Rafael Nicaragua is crafted with a gorgeous Habano wrapper atop aged Nicaraguan long-fillers. Complex and boasting notes of coffee, pepper, and leather, this well-made premium has everything you look for in a Jose Dominguez-made stogie. And with CI's everyday low prices, you'll be able to enjoy this flavorful stick all day long.​",Medium,"['Churchill', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Gordo, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Habano,Don Rafael
Don Rafael Signature,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 1 Rating ,"Don Raf lays down its John Hancock!Don Rafael, rolled by Jose Dominguez in the same boutique cigar factory that makes Victor Sinclair, is the People’s Champ of cigars. These tasty gems deliver other-worldly flavor at a price that any red-blooded cigar lunatic can get behind. And Don Rafael Signature? Well, these tasty little coronas are perfect for anytime of day. Here’s your new everyday cigar and it’s not even a debate.Smooth, creamy, and mellow…what’s NOT to love with a crisp, Dominican-made Connecticut-wrapped gem? Especially when it comes from the best-selling Don Rafael brand. The Signature blend offers the perfect stick to pair with your morning coffee and will never break the bank. Get this one into your rotation ASAP!",Mellow-Medium,['Corona'],,,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,False,,Corona,False,,Don Rafael
Don Rafael Turquia,Rated 4.4 out of 5, Based on 10 Ratings ,"For the cigar lover who’s “had it all” A short list of topics we dominate in here at CI HQ — chugging beers, crushing competitors, and being the experts on all things cigar. Yet with our combined decades of cigar loving experience, I’d still be hard-pressed to name another cigar featuring Turkish tobacco. The only conclusion? Don Rafael has done it again, creating a delicious cigar that is guaranteed to feel unique whether this is your tenth cigar, or your ten thousandth. Inside each Don Rafael Turco is a perfectly crafted hit of Turkish Latakia. Beloved amongst pipe enthusiasts across the world, this leaf offers a dark, campfire smoky flavor that you simply won’t find in other cigars. The rest of this blend ensures things don’t stay one-dimensional, adding flavors of earth, wood, and a slight natural sweetness. If you’re content with the ho-hum, look elsewhere. But if you want to try something like no other, here’s your ticket. ",Medium-Full,['Robusto'],,"Dominican, Varied",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,Robusto,No,Ecuador Connecticut,
Don Rafael USA,Rated 4.29 out of 5, Based on 7 Ratings ,"USA all the wayI don’t like picking favorites, but you all know me — I can’t root for anything other than the Red, White, and Blue. So with that being said, welcome the #1 Cigar of the new Don Rafael World lineup, Don Rafael USA. Some will save this cigar for the 4th of July, but don’t make that mistake: Don Rafael USA is priced for everyday enjoyment. And there’s nothing wrong with lighting one up for America every day of the week. The blend here is medium bodied, one that balances out easily. A Broadleaf wrapper and binder ensure a hearty experience, with Dominican Piloto, Cuban-seed Criollo, and Habano USA long-fillers inside. If that doesn’t sound like a recipe for deliciousness, you need to check your pulse. Toast the foot and you’ll find a charmingly smooth blend, with just enough body to keep things interesting down to the nub. ",Medium-Full,['Robusto'],Pennsylvania Broadleaf,"Dominican, United States",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,Robusto,No,Pennsylvania Broadleaf,
Don Smith,Rated 4.11 out of 5, Based on 142 Ratings ,"Don Smith!Don Smith - Series D no less, actually ""Series Dee"" - is amazing. Not the cigar....the concept. Take Don. Here's a traditional start to a cigar name. Then combine it with the most common Gringo surname. Then, actually spell out the letter 'D' in Series Dee. This takes cheese to a whole new level. The amusement factor alone is worth the price. And you may be surprised to know the cigar actually ain't half bad. Made with Sumatra Ecuador wrappers and a mellow blend of Dominican long-fillers, these big Churchills are moderate in body and not overly dreadful.",Mellow,['Churchill'],,"Honduran, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,Churchill,No,Ecuador Sumatra,
Don Tomas Clasico Maduro,Rated 4.89 out of 5, Based on 9 Ratings ,"Embrace the heritage! Don Tomas has long been manufactured in Honduras, and today it is one of the standards of a well-made Honduran handmade. With Don Tomas Clasico Maduro, the brand celebrates its Honduran origin, putting the tobaccos of the country on full spotlight beneath a seamless, oily Maduro wrapper leaf. The blend itself is no slouch, either - this cigar features the same blend as the original Don Tomas release, with just a few tweaks around the wrapper.Wrapped in a bold Connecticut Broadleaf overtop Connecticut Maduro binder and Dominican and Nicaraguan long-fillers, Don Tomas delivers tons of flavor without ever overwhelming. Toasting the foot, you'll find tons of charred wood, chocolate, black pepper, and a backing of natural tobacco sweetness - a combination that practically begs to be paired up with a few fingers of the good stuff. Sure, there's other brands out there today that are flashier than Don Tomas, but if you just want a solid cigar at a nice price... look no further.",Medium,"['Presidente', 'Robusto']",Honduran,"Dominican, Honduran",False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,"Presidente, Robusto",No,Connecticut Broadleaf,
Don Tomas Clasico Natural,Rated 4.6 out of 5, Based on 15 Ratings ,"Five decades later... still going strong!Don Tomas got their start almost 50 years ago and has seen many changes throughout the years. Now owned by General Cigar, the Don Tomas blend was reworked in 2005 in an effort to get back to the brands roots as a no-nonsense, hearty cigar for a fair price. Eliminating blended tobaccos from all over the world, the reworked blend is now back to the original Honduran and Nicaraguan tobaccos that put this brand on the map.Don Tomas Clasico features a combination of select long-fillers and supremely superb construction giving way for an easy draw and even burn. Crafted with a silky smooth wrapper and Nicaraguan and Honduran fillers, This Don Tomas cigar is surprisingly complex, with toasty, woody and slightly sweet flavors. With an unbelievably low price tag attached, the Don Tomas Clasico is a great choice for an everyday cigar.Good news, Don Tomas Clasico Natural, a 2006 Top 25 cigar has earned as high as a 90-rating, noting: “This cigar gives off an excellent toasty aroma as it burns. Rich woody flavors and a chocolate note build to a nutty finish. An enjoyable smoke.”​",Medium,"['Cigarillos', 'Corona', 'Corona Extra', 'Presidente', 'Robusto', 'Rothschild', 'Toro']",Honduran,"Dominican, Honduran, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,"Cigarillos, Corona, Corona Extra, Presidente, Robusto, Rothschild, Toro",No,Honduran,
Don Tomas Nicaragua,Rated 4.29 out of 5, Based on 7 Ratings ,"Show the Don some respectWhen the Don speaks up, you best pay attention. Otherwise, you’ll miss one of the newest, best Nicaraguan handmades to pass through CI HQ in quite some time. Don Tomas Nicaragua is a beefy new offering from one of the classic names in the cigar industry. Those who have been around might recognize that this is a more affordable option that some of the other Don Tomas boxes — that’s just a plus. The cigar is just as delicious as its pricier brethren, ensuring maximum dollar to herf pleasure ratio.Handmade in Esteli, the cigar capital of Nicaragua, the smooth, shade grown Jalapa wrapper on this one is going to have you testing your willpower. I normally like to let a cigar rest in the humidor for a bit, but no one can resist lighting one of these up immediately when you crack the box. And you’ll be glad you did. Sweet, nutty aromas are mixed with wood and a leather note that’s full-flavored without being overpowering. Don Tomas Nicaragua is easily an everyday go-to. ​",Medium,"['Gigante', 'Robusto', 'Rothschild', 'Toro']",Brazil,"Dominican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Gigante, Robusto, Rothschild, Toro",No,Nicaraguan Jalapa,
Don Tomas Sungrown,Rated 4.86 out of 5, Based on 7 Ratings ,"Enter the new face of Don Tomas.The Sungrown variety of Don Tomas is a delightful medium-bodied blend hailing from Honduras. Made entirely of Honduran-grown tobaccos, this tasty cigar combines a top-notch mixture of aged long-fillers dressed in a leathery sun-grown wrapper from the Jamastran Valley of Honduras. The result is a buttery-smooth bouquet layered with earthy undertones, tobacco flavors, and sweet spices on the finish.",Medium,"['Gigante', 'Presidente', 'Robusto']",Honduran,Honduran,False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,"Gigante, Presidente, Robusto",No,Sun Grown,
Double Happiness Cazadores,Rated 4.19 out of 5, Based on 47 Ratings ,"Double the happiness, for a fraction of the cost!If you enjoy cigars, you’ve had a Dominican cigar. You’ve probably also had some from Nicaragua, Honduras, the US, and maybe even Cuba (gasp!). But have you ever had a cigar from the Philippines? The island nation started cranking out premium handmade cigars about two decades ago, and they’re certainly making a mark with brands like Double Happiness!The Double Happiness Cazadores isn’t the fanciest cigar in the world. You won’t need to wear a white glove and cut it with a solid gold cutter. What it is, however, is a solid, great tasting golden Connecticut wrapped short-filler cigar that’s perfect with your morning coffee or yardwork. Sold in super economical 50 count bundles for just pennies a stick, there’s no better way to get such great mellow-bodied gems for such a low price.",Mellow-Medium,['Toro'],Habano,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Philippines,No,,Toro,No,Connecticut,
Drew Estate & Caldwell All Out Kings,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 2 Ratings ,"All Out Kings? Far out, man! It’d be hard to name a cigar that caused more buzz in the cigar world than All Out Kings. When Willy Herrera announced the cigars would be postponed further (in order to give them more aging time), people were going blue in the face in anticipation. Well wait no longer. All Out Kings is here. Put simply: if you’ve ever enjoyed a medium to full-bodied cigar, this one should be quickly placed at the top of your wish list. All Out Kings is a collaboration project between three of the hottest names in the industry today — Jonathan Drew, Willy Herrera, and Robert Caldwell. Here DE consistency and quality meets Caldwell’s immaculate attention to detail and flashy packaging in a match made in heaven. As for the cigar itself? It’s a dark, stalk-cut Connecticut Habano wrapped dream. Indonesian Sumatra binder and long-fillers from Nicaragua and the Dominican Republic combine to create a complex profile of cedar, warm, nutty notes, thick, cherry-like sweetness, and dry coca. Complex, delicious, and entirely unique, you can’t afford to skip this soon-to-be legend.  ",Medium-Full,['Torpedo'],"Indonesian, Sumatra","Connecticut, Dominican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,Torpedo,No,Habano Connecticut,Drew Estate Cigars
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,Rated 4.7 out of 5, Based on 123 Ratings ,"A trifecta of awesomeness from DESweet Jane? I’m not sure if we’re talking about an awesome Saturday night, or the newest releases from Drew Estate, but either way, I’m in! Drew Estate has been at the top of the cigar game for years now, and with their newest line of cigars the success continues. Originally dubbed the Three Yummy Bitches, this series of cigars has recently been released to the masses and we couldn't be happier. The names are crazy, the packaging is bizarre, the sizes are … well, less-than-traditional, but if you know Drew Estate you’re already well aware that these are on the must-try list. With a maduro wrapper that’s exotic and aromatic, these cigars deliver wave after wave of delicious Drew Estate flavor. After the success of Liga Privada, Undercrown, ACID, Natural, and many more cigars, would you really doubt that these sticks are anything less than stellar? ",,"['Cigarillos', 'Corona', 'Gordo', 'Pyramid', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Indonesian,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,Varies,,"Cigarillos, Corona, Gordo, Pyramid, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",Varies,"Brazilian, Maduro",Drew Estate Cigars
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,Rated 4.26 out of 5, Based on 100 Ratings ,"Smooooooooth to the coreWhen most brands put out bundled cigars, they make them from the leftover remnants of their more premium products… not Drew Estate. No sir, these aren’t seconds or fumas, Factory Smokes are a blend designed specifically for the bundled space, delivering the ultimate combination of value and excellence from one of the original innovators in the game – Jonathan Drew of Drew Estate fame. Wrapped in a sleek and smooth Connecticut wrapper leaf overtop Indonesian binder, this one should have you grinning from ear to ear if you love burning a cigar while you mow the lawn, man the BBQ, or just chilling on your porch after another long day. The burn and draw are as crisp as you’d expect from the DE brand, delivering a crisp, clean profile with slight cedar, the faintest hints of black pepper, and a creamy core of natural tobacco flavor. Grab yourself a bundle today, and don’t look back – this is the future of bundled enjoyment.",Mellow-Medium,"['Churchill', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Indonesian,Indonesian,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Churchill, Gordo, Robusto, Toro",No,Connecticut,Drew Estate Cigars
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,Rated 4.48 out of 5, Based on 283 Ratings ,"Upgrade your bundle! If there’s one wrapper that Drew Estate undoubtedly knows how to work with, it’s Maduro. Featured on the original Undercrown, as well as their world-famous Liga Privada lines, these guys have been slinging full-bodied, Maduro wrapped blends for as long as I can remember… Today, a new contender for the DE throne enters the ring – Factory Smokes Maduro, a bundled product that delivers the excellent flavor you’d expect from a Jonathan Drew release at a most wallet-friendly price tag. Offered up in four different sizes, Factory Smokes Maduro features a dark and oily wrapper overtop Indonesian binder. And let’s get one thing clear — these aren’t 2nds or Fumas. This is a blend specifically designed and crafted to innovate in the bundled space. The best cigar I’ve found par none for yard work or BBQ’ing, each Factory Smokes Maduro delivers a nice balance of espresso, dark chocolate, and slight black pepper at one helluva nice bargain.",Medium,"['Churchill', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Indonesian,Indonesian,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Churchill, Gordo, Robusto, Toro",No,Maduro,Drew Estate Cigars
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,Rated 4.28 out of 5, Based on 104 Ratings ,"Blessed by the sunWhen I tell the people there are new Drew Estate cigars being released, you better be ready to act fast. Seriously, in all my years working here, I’ve never seen a more loyal or dedicated fanbase than that of Drew Estate… and for good reason. Each cigar Jonathan Drew releases, from ACID to Liga Privada, is an absolute winner. Today, we’re looking at a blend that’s most certainly going to break our warehouse and fly off shelves — Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown. Now before you get the wrong idea, let me get one thing across: these Factory Smokes aren’t cheapo 2nds. No sir. Instead, they’ve been specifically blended and designed to land at your doorstep at a most wallet-friendly price that should keep the ol’ lady off your back and your humidor filled to the brim. Factory Smokes Sun Grown feature an oily and rich Sun Grown wrapper leaf overtop Indonesian binder. Take a puff, you’ll find loads of natural sweetness, along with a rich syrupy flavor and hints of baking spices. Drew Estate’s already made some of the best infused cigars in the world with ACID, plus some of the best traditional blends with Undercrown and Liga Privada… now, they’ve got their eyes on the bundled throne, and they’re representing with a game that’s pretty damn strong.",Medium,"['Churchill', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Indonesian,Indonesian,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Churchill, Gordo, Robusto, Toro",No,Sun Grown,Drew Estate Cigars
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,Rated 4.57 out of 5, Based on 293 Ratings ,"Upgrade your bundle! Drew Estate was founded in 1996 in New York City, and it seems Jonathan Drew, the founder, hasn’t slept for the last two decades. I don’t know how you could when you release as many innovative, game-changing cigars as this guy does. From Undercrown to Herrera Esteli, from ACID to Larutan, the Drew Estate domain is wide and strong, offering up a premium option in almost every aspect of the cigar world. Today, they expand their boundaries a little more with the introduction of a new line of budget-friendly, uber-flavorful bundles… the Factory Smokes. Up first, we’re checking out Factory Smokes Sweet, an option that cigar enthusiasts with a little sweet tooth should snap up ASAP. Inside each bundle of 20 is a sweet-tipped Habano wrapper overtop Indonesian binder. The flavor is sweet without being overwhelming, offering up a mouthwatering profile of crisp tobacco, creamy coffee, and slight hints of vanilla. Top-shelf flavors, without the high price tag… what’s not to love? ",Medium,"['Belicoso', 'Churchill', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Indonesian,Indonesian,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Belicoso, Churchill, Robusto, Toro",True,Habano,Drew Estate Cigars
Drew Estate Florida Sun Grown,Rated 4.85 out of 5, Based on 20 Ratings ,"Florida's best!Drew Estate Florida Sun Grown Cigars is a project that began way back in 2011 and it is finally ready to please the masses. For nearly 175 years Florida had a rich history of growing tobacco, but that all ended around 1977 when tobacco companies started to relocate to different regions. Jeff Borysiewicz of Florida Sun Grown Farms, along with the fellas at Drew Estate, is here to change that by pushing the American tobacco movement in hopes that people will be excited to bring American tobacco agriculture back to the forefront. He spent a whole lot of time analyzing the temperatures, sun-light, wind, humidity and altitude that would bring his farm as close to the conditions of Pinar del Rio, Cuba as possible. And 5 years into this project, we finally have beautiful cigar to show for it. Florida Sun Grown is a full-bodied and decadent treat, with uniquely sweet and savory flavors highlighted by the Brazilian Mata Fina wrapper.",Medium-Full,"['Belicoso', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']","Habano, Honduran","Nicaraguan, Sungrown",False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Belicoso, Gordo, Robusto, Toro",No,Brazilian,Drew Estate Cigars
Drew Estate Frenchies,Rated 4.75 out of 5, Based on 8 Ratings ,"Now we’re speakin’ the language of love.Drew Estate’s mantra is ‘The Rebirth of Cigars” and boy do they live up to it. They’ve transformed herfs everywhere, giving anyone who sits down with one of their premium cigars a truly unique experience. But what happens when you don’t have time for a full-on herf? Your coffee breaks and take-5's deserve a lil' sweet bliss too, and that’s where the Frenchies come in.Packed in your choice of tearstrip or non-tearstrip packaging for your carrying convenience is the iconic flavors of ACID or Tabak Especial, in an extremely compact 3.7” x 20 size. Normally sticks this tiny are made by a cold, soulless machine, but not the Frenchies. They’re all handmade in true Drew Estate form just like their larger counterparts. The name comes from the fact that French is the language of love, and Jonathan Drew is confident that you’re going to love these, and he wouldn’t steer you wrong.ACID Frenchies: A rich Sumatran wrapper over Nicaraguan fillers, imbued with delectable flavorings to provide a sweet, unique experience. Tabak Especial Frenchies: Fine Nicaraguan fillers are draped in a smooth Ecuador Connecticut wrapper, producing sweet coffee notes perfect for the morning cup o’ Joe. Note: The difference between tearstrip and non-tearstrip packaging is the type of cellophane. The pack itself and the cigars will be exactly the same.",,['Cigarillos'],,Nicaraguan,Varies,False,More Details,Nicaragua,Varies,,Cigarillos,Varies,"Ecuador Connecticut, Sumatra",Drew Estate Cigars
Drew Estate Herrera Esteli Brazilian Maduro,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 1 Rating ,"Big Willy goes to Brazil, returns with a tanThe Drew Estate team has built up quite a massive portfolio of impressive blends, and the face behind it all – Jonathan Drew – has become somewhat of a celebrity in this industry for good reason. The infused line of ACID cigars is a perennial best seller. And their traditional cigars have been praised by all the critics. When Willy Herrera joined team DE in 2013, he created the Herrera Esteli line and then followed it up with Herrera Esteli Norteno. Both have landed on top 25 Cigar lists and earned impressive 94-point ratings. Now, we welcome Herrera Esteli Brazilian Maduro with open arms. It comes wrapped in a dark, plantation grown Brazilian Mata Fina wrapper – a leaf typically used as a binder or in the filler. Applied on top, it provides pronounced floral and earthy flavors. Underneath is a Connecticut Broadleaf binder and long-fillers from Nicaragua. Overall, it’s a medium to full-bodied cigar with great flavor. The original Herreras are a tough act to follow, but this one stacks very up nicely. Good news! The Drew Estate Herrera Esteli Brazilian Maduro received an impressive 90-point rating, noting: “Enrobed in a dark and oily cover leaf, this well-made cigar burns evenly. It's a floral, earthy smoke with hints of vanilla, cedar wood and rhubarb.”",Medium-Full,"['Lonsdale', 'Pyramid', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Connecticut Broadleaf,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Lonsdale, Pyramid, Robusto, Toro",No,"Brazilian, Maduro",Drew Estate Cigars
Drew Estate Herrera Esteli Habano,Rated 4.5 out of 5, Based on 2 Ratings ,"Big Willy Style....Welcome Herrera Esteli cigars, the newest addition to join the ranks of Drew Estate's massive portfolio. As with the Liga and Undercrown lines, Herrera Esteli further solidifies Drew Estate's presence in non-infused, traditional cigars. This time, the story starts with Willy Herrera. He was a tobacco guru at the famed El Titan de Bronze factory in Miami, responsible for some of the most sought after and highly-rated handmades around. And once he combined forces with Drew Estate, he took like a duck to water. What you see here is the result of sampling and tweaking dozens upon dozens of blends, and the final process is as close to perfection as you can get. From the vintage Cuban-esque bands to the cabinet style box, Herrera Esteli screams Cuba. And the glue sealing the whole thing together is the blend. Oh-so-creamy, yet highly representative of Cuban cigars of old. It's got some oomph, but the flavors are delivered in such a velvety fashion the power is beautifully masked. Crisp, clean notes of spices, cedar, cream, and roasted nuts are the backbone, as occasional hints of white pepper and semi-sweet vanilla weave masterfully throughout. Initial puffs foreshadow a medium-bodied profile, but the slow burn begins to unveil a different story, as it inches toward a medium to full-bodied crescendo. If the Liga Privada series is a cup of black coffee, Herrera Esteli is without a doubt the ""with cream"" option. A handmade of the highest caliber, Herrera Esteli is going to turn some heads.In addition to multiple 93-ratings, Herrera Esteli received a well-deserved 94-rating as well as Top 25 honors for 2014, #8 overall. The panel noted: ""medium body, with notes of spice—both earthy and sweet—and a long, long finish.""NOTE: This is the original, 94-rated ""Herrera Esteli"". Drew Estate has added ""Habano"" to the name to distinguish it from later Herrera Esteli releases. ",Medium-Full,"['Lancero/Panatela', 'Lonsdale', 'Pyramid', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Honduran,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,Varies,,"Lancero/Panatela, Lonsdale, Pyramid, Robusto, Toro",Varies,Ecuador Habano,Drew Estate Cigars
Drew Estate Herrera Esteli Miami,Rated 4 out of 5, Based on 1 Rating ,"More Herrera from MiamiDrew Estate has an impressive portfolio of cigars. From the infused ACID line to the traditional wares like Liga Privada and Undercrown, everything coming out of La Gran Fabrica Drew Estate in Nicaragua competes with the best in the industry. One of their finest cigars is without a doubt the 94-rated Herrera Esteli. In 2016 we saw an offshoot of the blend produced at master Blender Willy Herrera’s former factory, El Titan de Bronze, in Miami in a tasty Corona Gorda size. At the 2018 IPCPR show the blend went full scale releasing four new sizes. The core of the blend consists of Dominican and Nicaraguan long-fillers that are bunched up entubar style – an old Cuban technique that is very labor intensive but provides a great draw. It’s all held together by leaves from Ecuador. A Sumatra-seed leaf is used for the binder while a dark Ecuador Habano Oscuro wrapper lays overtop, secured by a triple seam cap. It’s a smooth full-bodied blend with flavors sweet cedar, earth, and espresso. Whether you tried the original Corona Gorda or not, you should check out these new sizes. They’re only rolled by level 9 rollers from Cuba so you can count on high quality construction and the flavors are fantastic. Good news! Herrera Esteli Miami has earned an impressive 93-point rating, noting: ""A toothy toro with the rich qualities of semi-sweet chocolate, cedar and almonds. Hints of orange peel add a pleasant pop of citrus to the espresso bean finish.""",Medium-Full,"['Corona', 'Lonsdale', 'Pyramid', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Sumatra,"Dominican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Corona, Lonsdale, Pyramid, Robusto, Toro",No,"Ecuador Habano, Oscuro",Drew Estate Cigars
Drew Estate Herrera Esteli Norteno,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 7 Ratings ,"Herrera Esteli’s sophomore effort lives up to the hype!Willy Herrera began his craft as a small manufacturer in Little Havana, Miami and his talents quickly landed him a job as Drew Estate’s master blender. Drafting off of the success of his first release under the Drew Estate umbrella, Herrera Esteli Norteno has finally arrived. This new release pays homage to Esteli, Nicaragua – the home of Drew Estate and Herrera Esteli. Norteno, meaning “northerners” in Spanish, was chosen as the name due to people from Esteli being referred to as ‘Nortenos.’This full-bodied firecracker is no joke, boasting long-fillers from the fertile Nicaraguan growing regions of Jalapa and Esteli, both known for producing bold n’ hearty tobaccos. A Honduran binder cloaks these leaves with an oily San Andres Maduro wrapper draped over top. This long-anticipated release delivers bold notes of pepper and chocolate that endure to the finish and are backed by hints of cashew, cocoa, and espresso. Powerful, ultra-flavorful, and satisfying to the last puff, the second Herrera is easily as good as the first. And if you’ve tried the original, you know that says a hell of a lot. Drew Estate Herrera Esteli Norteno landed at #7 on the 2016 Top 25 Cigar list and received a well-deserved 94-rating, noting: ""It’s also rich with notes of raw cocoa bean, refined milk chocolate and nougat, yet maintains its earthy qualities without becoming too sweet.""​NOTE: Drew Estate Herrera Esteli Norteno has undergone a packaging update. They are now available in 25-count boxes and new sizes that reflect the same sizes as the rest of the Herrera Esteli line. The blend has not changed. ",Full,"['Corona Extra', 'Lonsdale', 'Pyramid', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Honduran,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,Varies,,"Corona Extra, Lonsdale, Pyramid, Robusto, Toro",Varies,"Maduro, San Andres",Drew Estate Cigars
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,Rated 4.65 out of 5, Based on 779 Ratings ,"Isla del Sol cigars: The best of both worlds.Yet another gem from Drew Estate's creative genius, Isla del Sol combines a deliciously infused Nicaraguan premium with an everyday price that can't be beat. Each cigar comes loaded with a rich blend of aged Nicaraguan tobaccos inside a beautiful, chocolate-brown, 'Sun-Blessed' Sumatra wrapper. Each of the filler leaves in Isla del Sol has been carefully infused with the enticing nuances of premium, Sumatran Mandheling Bean Coffee, while the wrapper is finished with a delightfully sweetened cap. Expect a rich, creamy core with ample notes of mocha and coffee, complemented by a luxurious aroma. Best of all, at this price, it'll be easy to enjoy the scrumptious flavors of Isla del Sol cigars on a daily basis.",Mellow-Medium,"['Churchill', 'Cigarillos', 'Corona', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",,Nicaraguan,True,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Churchill, Cigarillos, Corona, Gordo, Robusto, Toro",Yes,Sumatra,Drew Estate Cigars
Drew Estate Larutan,Rated 4.66 out of 5, Based on 32 Ratings ,"Outstanding!The Larutan cigar line by Drew Estate is a cigar you have to try. Each is handmade in Esteli, Nicaragua with a host of different gourmet long-leaf tobaccos from Syria, Haiti, Turkey, Dominican Republic and St. James Parish. Exceptional draw leading to incomparable flavor. These cigars impart a unique, distinctive taste which you won’t find anywhere else.Each size in the line is a different blend and therefore offers a very distinct flavor profile. Below is a quick summary of each different size:Larutan By Drew Estate:Big Jucy: an extra-big, extra-juicy, Jucy LucyClean Robusto: naturally sweet and richDark Angel: a chunky torpedo with a rich, sweet, and complex medium-full flavor.Dirt: black as night; delicately seasoned; hints of mochaDirt Torpedo: a bigger, dirtier version of the Dirt in a Torpedo sizeEnglish: medium to full with superior balance in richness and sweetnessEgg: an intriguing flavor, aroma, and rabbit-in-a-snake appearanceJucy Lucy: Cameroon wrapper; small size; hint of caramel, smoothMedusa: a funky culebra offering 3 rich, mocha-filled cigars in one.""NDB"": a 7""x44 lonsdale version of Dirt. Natural Dirt Blend.Root: mocha cappuccino taste; hearty flavorsRoot Deluxe: a 6""x50 version of the Root that comes individually tubedShorty: dark, slightly sweet, and rich. Hints of mocha and chocolate.Larutan LTD. by Drew Estate: A series of limited edition offerings designed to create unique experiences unlike anything else in the Larutan line. Click below to learn more about each blend. Ltd. Irish Hops: dark, rich, creamy, with a sweet finish; complex and medium in body.Ltd. Pimp Stick: Cameroon wrapper; medium-bodied, major flavor; exotic blend; rich, smooth, subtle",,"['Cigarillos', 'Corona', 'Double Corona', 'Figurado', 'Perfecto', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,Varies,,"Cigarillos, Corona, Double Corona, Figurado, Perfecto, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",Varies,"Cameroon, Connecticut Broadleaf, Indonesian, Sumatra",Drew Estate Cigars
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,Rated 4.9 out of 5, Based on 39 Ratings ,"I heard they recently decided to add more ""Hops"" to it!The Larutan Ltd. Line is a series of small-batch additions to Drew Estate’s immensely popular Larutan line. Here, Jonathan Drew is able to be as creative as he wants, working with his best partners to create entirely unique blends that serve perfectly as limited-edition pieces. Here, we are proud to present Irish Hops, an exotic mixture of unique tobaccos. Irish Hops is a complex, medium-bodied cigar that’s rich, silky-smooth, creamy, sweet and booming with bold flavors. Produced in one vitola (a 6” x 52 Toro) Irish Hops utilizes Brazilian and Nicaraguan long-fillers that have been patiently aged, and masterfully blended together. On top, you’ll discover a dark and oily San Andres Negra wrapper leaf from Mexico. Toast Irish Hops and find notes of coffee, cream, and a rich tobacco core.NOTE: These cigars used to be called ""Natural"" instead of Larutan. The blend has not changed. Both old packaging and new packaging are available. ",Medium,['Toro'],Connecticut Broadleaf,"Brazilian, Nicaraguan, Varied",False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,Toro,Yes,"Brazilian, Maduro, San Andres",Drew Estate Cigars
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Pimp Sticks,Rated 4.78 out of 5, Based on 9 Ratings ,"Keep your Pimp Stick strong!Larutan Ltd. Is a small-batch extension of Drew Estate’s beloved Natural line that takes Jonathan Drew’s creative genius to the extreme. At play here are some of the world’s finest and most exotic tobaccos, expertly blended to generate a luxurious taste sensation unlike any other on the planet. First up in this limited edition series is Pimp Sticks, a blend that’s causing BIG waves with DE lovers.Pimp Sticks comes in one size, and one size only — a 6” x 52 perfecto that’s hand-rolled with various strains of Dutch tobaccos, long-fillers cultivated from the black soils of Esteli, Nicaragua, and a gorgeous, toothy Cameroon wrapper leaf. This cigar offers up an exotic blend and an unparalled burn. It’s incredibly rich, smooth and subtle, yet bursts out with a big bouquet of flavor.NOTE: This cigar used to be called 'Natural' instead of Larutan. The blend has not changed. Both old and new packaging are available. ",Medium,['Perfecto'],,"Nicaraguan, Varied",False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,Perfecto,Yes,Cameroon,Drew Estate Cigars
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,Rated 4.74 out of 5, Based on 121 Ratings ,"Drew Estate's finest, period.Liga Privada No. 9 is a cigar you must try. The wrapper alone will make your mouth water...a jet-black Oscuro leaf that's toothy, oily, and a marvel to look at. Underneath, aged long-fillers from seven different farms unite, creating a bold and complex bouquet. However, an extra year's worth of aging has morphed this tasty creature into a rich, meaty cigar with various notes of toast, coffee, and chocolate into a smooth, satisfying experience. Full-bodied but silky from start to finish, the Liga Privada No. 9 is a gem. Check out the reviews for your Drew Estate's Liga Privada No. 9 and try a sampler to get you started.Liga Privada No. 9 was honored with Top 25 honors for 2015 (#10 overall) and received a well-deserved 94-rating noting: ""complex range of strong earthy flavors, a sweet quality redolent of perique tobacco and a sweet tarry finish.""Note: Only the best rollers are used to ensure a perfectly constructed, utterly consistent product. For that reason, production is extremely limited and this product will be out of stock often. However, we work closely with Drew Estate to ensure availability is maximized. This cigar comes in both cellophane and non-cellophane packaging.",Full,"['Belicoso', 'Cigarillos', 'Corona Extra', 'Double Corona', 'Lancero/Panatela', 'Perfecto', 'Petite Corona', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Brazil,"Honduran, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Belicoso, Cigarillos, Corona Extra, Double Corona, Lancero/Panatela, Perfecto, Petite Corona, Robusto, Toro",No,"Connecticut Broadleaf, Oscuro",Drew Estate Cigars
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,Rated 4.82 out of 5, Based on 49 Ratings ,"In a Liga of its own. The new Liga Privada T52 is the highly anticipated follow up to the coveted Liga Privada No. 9 by Drew Estate. The T52 employs a unique stalk-cut Sungrown Habano wrapper overtop a signature recipe of seven different varieties of tobacco. On the outside, the stalk-cut wrapper is exquisite....dark, reddish-brown and glistening with oils. After rolling T52 is aged one full year, resulting in a brilliant array of complex nuances. Bold, distinct and loaded with notes of leather, earth, spices and black pepper, T52 is robust and satisfying. Drew Estate Liga Privada T52 received a well-deserved 92-rating noting: ""A dark, oily robusto packed with full-bodied tobacco, though it burns and draws evenly. The smoke is bold with cedar and leather while touches of orange peel and acidity come through on the palate.""NOTE: Just like Liga Privada No. 9, only the best rollers are used to ensure a perfectly constructed, utterly consistent product. T52 production is extremely limited. Liga Privada T52 cigars come in both cellophane and non-cellophane packaging.",Full,"['Belicoso', 'Cigarillos', 'Corona Extra', 'Double Corona', 'Lancero/Panatela', 'Perfecto', 'Petite Corona', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Brazil,"Honduran, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,"Belicoso, Cigarillos, Corona Extra, Double Corona, Lancero/Panatela, Perfecto, Petite Corona, Robusto, Toro",No,"Habano Connecticut, Sun Grown",Drew Estate Cigars
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,Rated 4.74 out of 5, Based on 43 Ratings ,"A league of their ownIn an endless search for the perfect cigar, Drew Estate cranks out hundreds of different blends and vitolas of the Liga Privada line. While most samples are dismissed, only a select chosen ones are privileged enough to have that tacky red velvet rope unclipped and stroll past the bouncer into the Liga Privada (Private League). Such distinct blends are so rare, that they couldn’t be made into their own stand-alone line. And, thus Liga Privada Unico Serie was created, an exclusive league for these unique cigars that are perfect in flavor and aroma to call home. Each premium is different in size and blend From Dirty Rat and Feral Flying Pig to Papas Fritas. All are extremely limited and exceptionally delicious. ",Full,"['Corona', 'Corona Especial', 'Lancero/Panatela', 'Pyramid', 'Robusto']",Brazil,"Honduran, Nicaraguan",False,False,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Corona, Corona Especial, Lancero/Panatela, Pyramid, Robusto",No,"Connecticut Broadleaf, Habano Connecticut, Maduro",Drew Estate Cigars
Drew Estate MUWAT,Rated 4.53 out of 5, Based on 289 Ratings ,"How much does your cigar weigh?Introducing Jonathan Drew's latest creation, MUWAT - a most excellent edition to Drew Estate's Subculture Studio. This joint project with Joya de Nicaragua is medium to full in body, and boasts a husky series of 60-ring vitolas booming with flavor. Dark and oily San Andres maduro wrappers conceal a hefty dose of Nicaraguan and Brazilian long-fillers secured by a smooth Connecticut 'Capote' binder. The cigar is hearty and rich, unveiling a deep series of bold yet balanced flavors from start to finish. Layered with complexity - earth, leather, pepper, sweetness, cocoa - the massive 60-ring frame is the ultimate vehicle to savor each of these complex intricacies throughout the slow and cool burn.",Medium,"['Corona', 'Gordo', 'Robusto']",,"Brazilian, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Corona, Gordo, Robusto",No,San Andres,Drew Estate Cigars
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,Rated 4.6 out of 5, Based on 619 Ratings ,"Generally speaking, the offerings in the Drew Estate portfolio are pretty unique. That has a lot to do with why the brand is so damn popular to begin with. But now this latest line extension to MUWAT has taken things to a whole new level, taste-wise. This phrase gets thrown around a lot, but this time it couldn’t be more accurate – you’ve never tasted anything like this before.The biggest difference with Kentucky Fire-Cured is the inclusion of – you guessed it! – American fire-cured tobacco leaves from Kentucky and Virginia. While normally tobacco is air-cured, these special leaves are left to hang in specially-constructed curing barns, a process that dates back more than 200 years and that imbues each leaf with a rich, smoky, slightly sweet flavor that boasts exceptional balance and uniqueness. Notes of oak, hickory, and maple-laced sweetness explode on the palate. These leaves are joined by Nicaraguan and Brazilian Mata Fina long-fillers along with an oily San Andres maduro wrapper. This finished product is like nothing else on the market. Been looking for a totally uncommon taste experience that’ll blow your hair back? You just found it. Want something really special? The Kentucky Fire Cured Swamp Rat and Swamp Thang from Drew Estate offer a half-Candela experience for another fantastic addition to the DE profile. Learn more here. ",Medium,"['Cigarillos', 'Corona', 'Gordo', 'Lancero/Panatela', 'Perfecto', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",,"Kentucky Fire-Cured, Nicaraguan, United States",False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Cigarillos, Corona, Gordo, Lancero/Panatela, Perfecto, Robusto, Toro",No,Kentucky Fire-Cured,Drew Estate Cigars
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured Sweets,Rated 4.59 out of 5, Based on 22 Ratings ,"Sweet thangGenerally speaking, the offerings in the Drew Estate portfolio are pretty unique. That has a lot to do with why the brand is so damn popular to begin with. Their Kentucky Fire Cured Line took things to a whole new level. Taking fire cured tobacco grown in Hopkinsville, Kentucky and blending it with leaves from Nicaragua created a blend the premium cigar market had never seen before. And now, applying a sweet cap, Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured Sweets add a whole new dimension to this fan favorite cigar. The fire cured tobacco used in this blend is a rarity in premium cigars. While normally tobacco is air-cured, these special leaves are left to hang in specially-constructed curing barns, a process that dates back more than 200 years and that imbues each leaf with a rich, smoky, slightly sweet flavor that boasts exceptional balance and uniqueness. Notes of oak, hickory, and maple-laced sweetness explode on the palate. These leaves are joined by Nicaraguan and Brazilian Mata Fina long-fillers along with an oily San Andres maduro wrapper. The sweetened cap provides a whole new mouthfeel to this cigar. Flavors of bacon, maple, bourbon and barbeque cling to the palate. In Jonathan Drew’s own words “You gonna freak out when you try this hometown hero.”",Medium-Full,"['Cigarillos', 'Corona', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Connecticut Broadleaf,"Kentucky Fire-Cured, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,Varies,,"Cigarillos, Corona, Robusto, Toro",Varies,San Andres,Drew Estate Cigars
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,Rated 4.77 out of 5, Based on 113 Ratings ,"Rough ‘n’ ready.Some cigars pride themselves on balance and complexity. And some cigars crank the dial up to 11. Nica Rustica is firmly in the latter category. Blended specifically to deliver a huge blast of flavor on every single draw, Nica Rustica is a full-bodied cigar lover's dream come true.Nica Rustica utilizes a dark Connecticut Broadleaf Maduro wrapper that’s got real character. On the inside, a blend of Nicaraguan long-fillers from Esteli and Jalapa are nestled inside a Mexican San Andres Negro binder. The flavor is spicy and robust, contributing perfectly to the overall feel of rustic charm. Notes of spice and coffee linger on the palate, and that intense finish you notice is purely intentional. From the pigtail cap to the covered foot this handmade was crafted to be enjoyed time after time.Nica Rustica has recently earned a 90-rating, with the review stating, ""A blackish cigar applied with a sloppy pigtail cap. Its toasty coffee bean character also has an earthy quality enlivened by an herbal anise note.""",Full,"['Belicoso', 'Short Robusto', 'Toro']",Mexican,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Belicoso, Short Robusto, Toro",No,Connecticut Broadleaf,Drew Estate Cigars
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,Rated 4.81 out of 5, Based on 1004 Ratings ,"​Half cigar, half coffee. All amazing.Drew Estate cannot be touched when it comes to top-caliber infused cigars with deliciously unique aromas. With Tabak Especial they’ve taken the coffee-infused cigar to bold new heights that thrill the taste buds. Jonathan Drew has carefully influenced Esteli-grown long-filler tobaccos with the robust nuances of Nicaragua’s finest coffee beans. The result is a rich tobacco core layered with savory espresso notes and a touch of milk chocolate, all perfectly balanced by by a sweet, velvety aftertaste.The regular Tabak Especial is available in:Dulce: a silky shade grown Connecticut wrapperNegra: a dark broadleaf maduro-wrapped beautyOr, enjoy the Limited Edition versions of Tabak:Cafe con Leche: a fusion of Connecticut and Dark BroadleafRed Eye: features three times the ligero of the normal blend",Medium,"['Belicoso', 'Cigarillos', 'Corona', 'Gordo', 'Lonsdale', 'Petite Corona', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,True,No,More Details,Nicaragua,Varies,,"Belicoso, Cigarillos, Corona, Gordo, Lonsdale, Petite Corona, Robusto, Toro",Varies,"Connecticut, Connecticut Broadleaf, Ecuador Connecticut, Maduro",Drew Estate Cigars
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,Rated 4.83 out of 5, Based on 210 Ratings ,"The ultimate coffee infusion by Drew Estate.Drew Estate Tabak Especial is a fantastic infusion of Nicaragua’s best coffee beans and aged, Esteli-grown long-fillers. This infusion process leads to a uniquely sweet and satisfying coffee flavor that's rich beyond measure. Red Eye improves upon this blend even more, offering a stout-maduro wrapped version of this mastermind blend.Drew Estate Tabak Especial Red Eye is a serious handmade for serious cigar lovers. Here, the blenders at Drew Estate tripled the amount of ligero at play while maintaining a slight influence of rich coffee subtleties throughout the blend. A rich core of black tobacco flavors and bold earthy undertones is met with subtle hints of coffee and sweetness. Medium to full-bodied and savory with every last puff, Tabak Especial Red Eye is a work of art to be enjoyed by the conventional and unconventional alike.",Medium,['Robusto'],,Nicaraguan,True,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,Robusto,Yes,Connecticut Broadleaf,Drew Estate Cigars
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,Rated 4.81 out of 5, Based on 539 Ratings ,"​The ultimate coffee infusion by Drew Estate.Drew Estate Tabak Especial is a delicious infusion of Nicaragua’s finest coffee beans and aged, Esteli-grown long-fillers. This infusion results in a rich tobacco core layered by savory notes of espresso and milk chocolate, finished by a sweet, velvety aftertaste. So how do you make a masterpiece blend even better? You create some special edition, highly-sought-after versions of the famed cigar.The Cafe con Leche is a special, limited production size that employs two premium wrappers to generate a wealth of exquisitely satisfying nuances and aromas. Both the foot and head of the cigar are cloaked with a dark Connecticut Broadleaf maduro, while the center of the cigar utilizes a silky shade-grown Connecticut leaf. Complexity is an understatement, as this cigar unloads a bold series of rich and creamy sensations throughout the slow burn.",Medium,['Belicoso'],,Nicaraguan,True,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,Belicoso,Yes,"Ecuador Connecticut, Maduro",Drew Estate Cigars
Drew Estate Undercrown Dojo Dogma,Rated 4.75 out of 5, Based on 4 Ratings ,"Doggone goodThe Drew Estate brand needs no introduction. Everyone is aware of this disruptive company with an expansive portfolio of top-notch cigars. The 91-rated original Undercrown blend is easily one of their best. In 2014 we saw an amped up, limited edition, offshoot of the blend that was only available in certain parts of the country. After a lot of success, Drew Estate has decided to take this special edition cigar full scale – enter Drew Estate Undercrown Dojo Dogma.  Dojo Dogma comes in one specially crafted size, a 6” x 56 box-pressed vitola packaged in soft packs of 10. The outer leaf is a dark Mexican San Andres wrapper. Underneath is a hearty core of Nicaraguan and Brazilian Mata Fina long-fillers, bound by a Connecticut Stalk Cut Habano leaf. It makes for a stronger, more full-bodied version of the classic Undercrown blend. The output is generous and provides rich flavors of chocolate, coffee, and a sweet vanilla finish. Whether you were able to get your hands on this generous cigar in previous years or not, be sure to try out a pack of these beauties ASAP. ",Full,['Gordo'],"Connecticut, Habano","Brazilian, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,Yes,,Gordo,No,San Andres,Drew Estate Cigars
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,Rated 4.65 out of 5, Based on 410 Ratings ,"A high-end cigar for the working man.Normally known for their infused cigars, Drew Estate’s made a huge splash with their traditional Liga Privada #9. A favorite amongst the factory’s rollers, Drew Estate had to tell the rollers to stop burning the blend because of the high demand of the cigar. So the working man had to adapt…And adapt they did. Created by the rollers of the Drew Estate factory, Undercrown uses tobaccos similar to the Liga Privada #9 but that are more readily available. While the Liga Privada #9 is full flavored treat, the Undercrown is a notch down in strength. Wrapped in a dark San Andres maduro wrapper, Drew Estate Undercrown starts with notes of coffee with a slight hint of spice that becomes more prominent as the cigar progresses. Even as it progresses, the cigar still manages to round out as a medium to full-bodied treat.Drew Estate Undercrown received a well-deserved 91-rating, earning a spot in the Top 25 Cigars of 2017. The reviewers noted, ""shows a strong oaky, leather character finessed by hints of vanilla and a roasted coffee bean finish.""",Full,"['Belicoso', 'Churchill', 'Cigarillos', 'Corona Extra', 'Double Corona', 'Gordo', 'Perfecto', 'Petite Corona', 'Robusto', 'Toro']","Connecticut, Habano","Brazilian, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,Varies,,"Belicoso, Churchill, Cigarillos, Corona Extra, Double Corona, Gordo, Perfecto, Petite Corona, Robusto, Toro",Varies,"Maduro, San Andres",Drew Estate Cigars
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,Rated 4.57 out of 5, Based on 131 Ratings ,"A smoother shade of Undercrown.Drew Estate Undercrown is the blue collar Liga Privada 9, created by the factory rollers when due to overwhelming demand, they were stopped from burning the Liga 9. Drew Estate’s master blender, Willy Herrera, challenged the rollers to come up with a Connecticut based blend that would satisfy his palate, and with his input and assistance, the Undercrown Shade came into being. Undercrown Shade is flavorful and balanced, with an Ecuadoran Connecticut wrapper atop a Sumatran binder and Dominican criollo 98’ and Nicaraguan corojo and criollo long-fillers. Mellow to medium-bodied, the blend is rich, complex, and balanced, bringing flavors of toast, nuts, subtle spice, and cream with an enjoyable sweetness with the finish. This is a mellow cigar that will surprise and fascinate the full-bodied enthusiast.Check out the new Suprema size of the Undercrown Shade in a 6"" x 54 perfecto shape! This limited edition release comes in boxes of 5, and produces slightly bolder flavors than the original.Undercrown Shade was recently honored as a fantastic cigar with a 91-rating. The review stated, ""It's a bright and creamy... zesty with touches of lemon peel and dried orange. It's also sweet, with a very prominent note of honey on the palate.""",Medium,"['Belicoso', 'Churchill', 'Cigarillos', 'Corona', 'Double Corona', 'Gordo', 'Perfecto', 'Petite Corona', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Sumatra,"Dominican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,Varies,,"Belicoso, Churchill, Cigarillos, Corona, Double Corona, Gordo, Perfecto, Petite Corona, Robusto, Toro",Varies,Ecuador Connecticut,Drew Estate Cigars
Drew Estate Undercrown ShadyXX,Rated 4.75 out of 5,,"Will the real Undercrown Shady please stand up?Jonathan Drew and Eminem might hold very different occupations, but their stories share some important similarities. Neither one was born into their roles or took their place in a family dynasty. They both came from modest beginnings and through blood, sweat, and tears, rose through the ranks in industries that didn’t exactly lay out a welcome mat for them. Now that Drew Estate and Shady Records (Eminem and manager Paul Rosenberg’s record label) are both twenty years old, the time is right for a large-scale collaboration between these two legends.The blend should be familiar, a version of the famed Undercrown Maduro line, using the same anatomy and personally approved by Paul Rosenberg. Beneath a deep, dark Mexican San Andres wrapper lies a Connecticut Habano binder and fillers from Nicaragua and Brazil. This 5” x 50 box-pressed belicoso brings full bodied notes of chocolate, earth, and leather, with a nice amount of pepper to liven things up, and a lasting finish. This is actually the third collaboration between Drew Estate and Shady Records, but the first one to see regular production and national distribution. You used to have to live in Eminem’s home town of Detroit to get your hands on one of these, so don’t wait to grab a bundle of Undercrown ShadyXX. ",Full,['Belicoso'],Habano,"Brazilian, Nicaraguan",False,False,More Details,Nicaragua,True,,Belicoso,False,San Andres,Drew Estate Cigars
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,Rated 4.69 out of 5, Based on 71 Ratings ,"The Sun shines brightly on UndercrownWay back in 2011, Drew Estate released a cigar called Undercrown. This blend was created by the rollers in the factory after they were told they could no longer enjoy the Liga Privada #9 blend due to heavy demand. This Undercrown blend eventually made it into full production and we are glad it did. After claiming a mass of fans and a noteworthy 90-rating, Drew Estate decided to follow it up with the Undercrown Shade - a Connecticut wrapped lovely. This cigar too made big waves in the industry, claiming a well-deserved 91-rating. Now, Drew Estate delivers what we've all been waiting for - Undercrown Sun Grown, the third installment of the Undercrown line. This blend is a balancing act of natural sweetness, courtesy of the Sun Grown wrapper, paired with a power house blend of Nicaraguan fillers. The result is a spicy and robust cigar with a long complex finish. Full-bodied to the brim, and delectably flavorful, don't be surprised when you see Undercrown Sun Grown earning some 90+ ratings of its own in due time.Good news, Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown has received a well-deserved 92-rating, noting: ""Thick and hefty, this fat cigar has a lush draw and even burn that delivers rich notes of leather, spicy wood and espresso froth. The long finish hints of cinnamon.""",Full,"['Belicoso', 'Cigarillos', 'Corona', 'Double Corona', 'Gordo', 'Perfecto', 'Robusto', 'Toro']","Connecticut, Habano",Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Belicoso, Cigarillos, Corona, Double Corona, Gordo, Perfecto, Robusto, Toro",No,Ecuador Sumatra,Drew Estate Cigars
Dunhill 1907,Rated 3.88 out of 5, Based on 8 Ratings ,"What were you doing in 1907?If your name happens to be Alfred Dunhill, then the answer to that question is simple: “Launching a tobacco brand that will stand the test of time.” With the release of Dunhill 1907, a nod to this all-important point in history, the past is well honored and the future has never looked brighter. Each medium-bodied handmade includes a fine blend of Dominican ligero and Brazilian Mata Fina filler, all encased in a Dominican binder and a smooth, blemish-free Honduran wrapper. Here’s your chance to experience a true legend for yourself.",Medium,['Rothschild'],Dominican,"Brazilian, Dominican",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,Rothschild,No,Honduran,Dunhill
Dunhill Aged Maduro,Rated 4.5 out of 5, Based on 4 Ratings ,"Experience the dark side of Dunhill...Crafted with the maduro lover in mind, Dunhill Aged Maduro is the deeper, more delicious counterpart to the top-selling Aged Dominican line. Featuring a Sun Grown Ligero Maduro wrapper surrounding a blend of Nicaragua and the Dominican's best leaf, this instant classic is topped off with a long cedar nap to create a harmonious, balanced taste. A long time coming from an industry icon. Go ahead and step into the dark side!",Medium,['Corona'],Dominican,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,Corona,No,Ligero,Dunhill
Dunhill Heritage,Rated 4.26 out of 5, Based on 34 Ratings ,"A transcendent nod to Dunhill’s past.Where did Winston Churchill and King George VI buy their cigars? Dunhill. The name is legendary and their cigars are among the most sought after and respected in the industry. With their newest release, Dunhill Heritage, the company celebrates their hard earned status and pays homage to Cuban heritage. Dunhill Heritage is the 1st full-bodied cigar from the prestigious brand, and it doesn’t disappoint. Coming draped in an Ecuadoran Habano ligero wrapper, with a Nicaraguan Jalapa binder and a mix of long-fillers from Ometepe and Esteli, Nicaragua and the Jamastran Valley, Honduras, this tasty treat is a bona fide flavor bomb. Hearty essences of spice and pepper hit the palate upon lighting before flavors of graham cracker, cocoa, coffee, and cedar settle in. Don’t miss your chance to try this exquisite full-bodied cigar from a legendary brand. Dunhill Heritage received Top 25 honors for 2015 and an impressive 93-rating noting: ""covered in an Ecuadoran Habano wrapper, the rest of this cigar is full of meaty, peppery Nicaraguan and Honduran tobacco.""​",Full,['Toro'],Nicaraguan,"Honduran, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,Toro,No,Ecuador Habano,Dunhill
Duque,Rated 3.8 out of 5, Based on 93 Ratings ,"Pronounced ""du-kay""When you think of delicious, everyday-value handmade cigars, I bet Duque isn't the first name to come to your mind. Hell, it might not even pop into your head at all. I certainly hadn't heard of it when I got a bundle on my desk to sample, but since burning a few of 'em down, it's a name I'll never forget. Is it my new favorite? Definitely not. Do I reach for them any time I just need something tasty to puff on while I do chores, or when I might not have time for a full stogie? You betcha! The Sumatra wrapper and Dominican Cuban-Sandwich style filler just manage to hit the spot time and time again, and once you give 'em a try, I'm sure you'll keep your humidor stocked with them too!",Mellow-Medium,"['Churchill', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,Varies,,"Churchill, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",Varies,Sumatra,
Duque,Rated 3.67 out of 5, Based on 72 Ratings ,"Pronounced ""du-kay""Duque is a decent everyday cheapie handmade. Made with Sumatra wrappers and a 'Cuban Sandwich' blend of Dominican tobaccos, Duque is mellow in body and it sure beats a sharp stick in the eye.",Mellow-Medium,"['Churchill', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Toro, Torpedo",No,Sumatra,
Dutch Masters,Rated 4.2 out of 5, Based on 30 Ratings ,"The masters!Dutch Masters have been sold in the United States since 1911, but let's be real - if you're here, you don't need me to tell you why people love Dutch Masters. You already know. Made with Cuban-seed tobacco leaves and released in a wide variety of wrappers and flavors, Dutch Masters have a rich, mature tobacco flavor and a relaxing, mellow aroma.",Mellow,"['Cigarillos', 'Corona']",,,False,No,More Details,United States,No,,"Cigarillos, Corona",Varies,Indonesian,
E.P. Carrillo 5th Year Anniversary,Rated 4.5 out of 5, Based on 2 Ratings ,"Hats off to E.P. Carrillo While E.P. Carrillo has been in the cigar biz for nearly 50 years, his own brand of cigars E.P. Carrillo is a tad bit younger. Since its launch in 2009 with Ernesto’s children Lissette and Ernesto III, E.P. Carrillo has produced a successful portfolio of high-quality cigars. Marking the 5-year-anniversary of the premier line, Ernesto created a premium for the occasion. Celebrate with this strong profiled 5th Year Anniversary cigar. Cloaked in an oily Ecuadorian Sumatra wrapper this celebratory stick is filled with tobaccos from Esteli, Condega, and Jalapa, Nicaragua. Toast and light your cigar to E.P. Carrillo’s success, and experience a handmade full of notes of white pepper, creaminess, robust coffee, earthiness, and oak.  ",Medium,['Double Robusto'],,,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,Double Robusto,No,Ecuador Sumatra,E.P. Carrillo
E.P. Carrillo Capa de Sol,Rated 4.83 out of 5, Based on 6 Ratings ,"Soak up some rays with E.P. CarrilloWith a plethora of well-acclaimed cigars under his belt, E.P. Carrillo is recognized as a master of his craft. He continues to crank out successful premiums, and his latest release, E.P. Carrillo Capa de Sol cigars are hot. I don’t mean that figuratively, the name actually means ‘wrapper of the sun.’So naturally, the renowned Ernesto Carrillo, comprised this sun-kissed premium with an oily sun-grown Ecuadorian wrapper coating a blend of aged Nicaraguan fillers and binders. Rolled to perfection, this full-bodied Capa de Sol will entice your taste buds with notes of cashews, wood, leather, earth, and hints of cayenne spice. Pull up a chair…you’re gonna need it for this heavy-hitter…it’ll take you on a heck of a ride. ",Medium-Full,"['Gordo', 'Pyramid', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Gordo, Pyramid, Robusto, Toro",No,Ecuador Habano,E.P. Carrillo
E.P. Carrillo Cardinal Impact Maduro,Rated 4.5 out of 5,,"A dark classic remasteredYou know the old saying if it ain’t broke don’t fix it? Well in Ernesto Perez-Carrillo’s case, it pays to not take good ol’ sound advice. The renowned master in the art of cigars threw that adage out the window and upgraded his entire portfolio including E.P. Carrillo Cardinal.  Behold the new E.P. Carrillo Cardinal Impact Maduro part of the Classic series. Upgrading to a box-pressed cigar, Cardinal Impact received brand spanking new banding and packaging. Get a glimpse, and indulge in the sleek Connecticut Broadleaf wrapper covering Nicaraguan filler and an Ecuadorian binder of the Cardinal Impact Maduro. ",Medium-Full,['Robusto'],,,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,Robusto,No,Connecticut Broadleaf,E.P. Carrillo
E.P. Carrillo Cardinal Impact Natural,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 1 Rating ,"Back better than beforeIt’s a pretty bold move to revamp your entire cigar line. If anyone can pull it off, Ernesto Perez-Carrillo is the man. Founder of the El Credito Cigar Company, a manufacturer of the famous La Gloria Cubana brand, and now head honcho of the EPC Cigar Company, Ernesto has certainly made a name for himself in the cigar industry. He’s shaking things up in his portfolio to stay on top of the game.Some of his changes for starters is upgrading the E.P. Carrillo Cardinal to Cardinal Impact as part of the Classics series. Now in a box-pressed offering, Cardinal Impact received new branding and packaging. Featuring an Ecuadorian Sumatra wrapper draped over Nicaraguan filler and binder that delivers a full-bodied profile of fig, earth, and cocoa, Cardinal Impact Natural is a great cigar with a great new look. ",Medium-Full,"['Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",,,False,,More Details,Dominican Republic,Varies,,"Gordo, Robusto, Toro",Varies,Ecuador Sumatra,E.P. Carrillo
E.P. Carrillo Core Plus Maduro,Rated 4.5 out of 5, Based on 2 Ratings ,"A better-balanced coreIt’s no secret that Ernesto Perez Carrillo of La Gloria Cubana and E.P. Carrillo can blend a fine cigar. And he’s done it again with the highly anticipated flagship line for E.P.C. cigars, Core Plus. Part of the Classics series, this Maduro is a great everyday cigar that’s easy on the wallet. Especially when you get these premiums from your friends at CI. Blended to produce a great flavor you can enjoy every day, Core Plus Maduro features an American Connecticut Broadleaf wrapper covering Nicaraguan fillers held together with an Ecuadorian binder. A perfectly balanced cigar to enjoy time and time again, Core Plus Maduro is a great selection for your humidor.Good News! E.P. Carillo Core Plus Maduro has earned an outstanding 93-point rating in 2019. The review noted: ""As this dark, toothy Churchill burns, chocolatey and nutty impressions unfold around a hearty core of wood. The draw is open, the burn, quite even.""",Medium,"['Churchill', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",,,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Gordo, Robusto, Toro",No,Connecticut Broadleaf,E.P. Carrillo
E.P. Carrillo Core Plus Natural,Rated 4.25 out of 5, Based on 4 Ratings ,"We want more E.P. Carrillo CoreCreator of the legendary La Gloria Cubana cigar brand, Ernesto Perez-Carrillo has evolved his E.P. Carrillo brand from the core. Building on the success of his original E.P. Carrillo Core cigar, Core Plus is a strong extension of the Classic series. Core Plus is carefully exercised to deliver a beautiful physique. Crafted from the finest two to five-year-old Nicaraguan filler tobaccos and flashing a three-year-aged Ecuadorian-grown Sumatra wrapper, this E.P. Carrillo cigar is in top shape. A masterpiece blend, Core Plus offers flavors of cream, coffee, chocolate, and woody notes paired with a sweet and spicy aroma. ",Medium-Full,"['Churchill', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",,,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Gordo, Robusto, Toro",No,Ecuador Sumatra,E.P. Carrillo
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,Rated 4.33 out of 5, Based on 57 Ratings ,"A masterpiece returns. In 2011, Dark Rituals quickly made plenty of fans during its very brief time in E.P. Carrillo’s Edicion Limitada series. And then it was gone, sold out and leaving everyone clamoring for more...Now, the brand is back and burning better than ever. Known as Dark Rituals, this rich and powerful handmade comes dressed in an absolutely gorgeous Connecticut Broadleaf maduro wrapper extra-fermented to achieve a pitch-black hue and oily sheen. Beneath the hood, a robust blend of Nicaraguan long-fillers is combined inside a feisty Ecuadorian binder. The cigar is exceedingly complex and eventful, unveiling expertly balanced notes of dark tobacco, roasted coffee bean, and leather with a hefty dose of hearty but semi-sweet spices throughout the chewy bouquet. ​",Medium-Full,"['Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Sumatra,"Dominican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Gordo, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,"Connecticut Broadleaf, Maduro",E.P. Carrillo
E.P. Carrillo Dusk,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 3 Ratings ,"Have an E.P. Carrillo from dusk to dawnThe man responsible for some of the most sought-after premium cigars on the market today, Ernesto Perez-Carrillo has revamped his superb portfolio and crafted another masterpiece. Classified in his new Classic series Dusk features a dark brown United States wrapper enveloping a collection of handpicked aged filler tobaccos. A milky way of creamy smooth richness, Dusk sets dark coffee, cedar, nut, sweet raisin, mocha, and a pinch of pepper on your palate. Plan your evening right with this superb Maduro. Dusk is a delightful cigar for beginner and experienced cigar enthusiasts alike. E.P. Carrillos Dusk has received a 92-rating with a spot in the Top 25 Cigars of 2017. The reviewers noted, ""Its three country blend elegantly transitions from notes of black pepper and salted nuts to sweeter sensations of graham cracker and raisins."" ",Medium-Full,"['Churchill', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",,,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Gordo, Robusto, Toro",No,Connecticut Broadleaf,E.P. Carrillo
E.P. Carrillo Elencos,Rated 4.63 out of 5,,"E.P. Carrillo Limitada 2010 is back....kind of.
Wish you had gotten your hands on more of the E.P. Carrillo Limitada 2010? Or maybe you’re kicking yourself for not trying one? You can put those worries to rest because the new E.P. Carrillo Elencos, is the same blend as the famed E.P. Carrillo Limitada 2010. That’s right; the blend is the exact same previously found in the cigar that garnered a 94 rating from Cigar Aficionado, systematically earning a spot in the magazine’s illustrious Top 25 Cigars of the Year for 2010. (Number eight to be exact, for all the sticklers out there) Crafted by industry great Ernesto Perez-Carrillo, originally of La Gloria Cubana fame, the Elencos is a welcomed fixture in the great portfolio that is E.P. Carrillo. 
E.P. Carrillo Elencos is a full-bodied, full flavored handmade that picks up right where the Limitada left off. This lovely handmade features a Brazilian Habano wrapper oozing with oily goodness. This succulent leaf is dark and inviting, sitting atop a well-aged selection of Nicaraguan long-fillers and Dominican binder. The smoke is rich and complex, projecting a satisfying bevy of flavors to the palate. Shining through the rich smoke are meaty notes of cedar and dried fruit complemented by a seamless balance of spice. Highly enjoyable, and a pleasure to smoke, the new Elencos is a beautiful representation of Ernesto Perez-Carrillo’s talents. ",Medium-Full,"['Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Dominican,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Brazilian,E.P. Carrillo
E.P. Carrillo Encore,Rated 4.86 out of 5, Based on 7 Ratings ,"Can I get an encore, do you want more? Way back at the IPCPR in 2016, E.P. Carrillo teased the second release in their Family line, the Encore. Since then, we’ve been waiting. Here’s a quick refresher course for those lagging behind: the first release in Carrillo’s Family Series, La Historia, was named the #2 Cigar of the Year and received an astounding 95-rating. Needless to say, Encore’s got some big boots to fill.Here’s the good news: we most eagerly sampled a batch of Encores a few weeks back, and the feedback was unanimous. This cigar is an instant classic. The secret’s in the sauce: Encore features all Nicaraguan tobacco that’s been aged and married in tercios together for two years. The result is a balance and elegance unrivaled in the industry. Encore encapsulates complexity, delivering a luscious profile ripe with soft tobacco notes, slight cedar, baking spices, and hints of sweetness. Destined for 90+ ratings, get aboard Encore now.We told you this one was destined for greatness! E.P. Carrillo Encore has received an unrivaled 96-point rating and was named the #1 Cigar of 2018, noting: ""It’s elegant, refined and nuanced from first puff to last, but is also the culmination of a long career in tobacco and the result of a man who was never afraid to follow his instincts.""",Medium-Full,"['Churchill', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Toro, Torpedo",No,Nicaraguan,E.P. Carrillo
E.P. Carrillo INCH Colorado,Rated 4 out of 5, Based on 1 Rating ,"An inch richerAs the third installment in the Dimension Series, E.P. Carillo presents INCH Colorado. As a follow up to the 90-rated INCH Natural, INCH Colorado comes dressed in the same ruler themed bands and boasts another assortment on jaw breaking sizes. E.P. Carrillo has a slew of 90+ ratings under his belt and the INCH Series proves he’s more than capable of blending premium cigars in the popular large ring format.Produced in the La Alianza factory in the Dominican Republic, INCH Colorado comes dressed in a dark brown Ecuadorian Colorado Wrapper that is picked from a higher priming from the INCH Natural’s wrapper to provide a rich and robust taste. Carrillo incorporates a core of Dominican and Nicaraguan long-fillers held by a Nicaraguan binder. The result is full-bodied, full-flavored cigar with smooth notes of earth, spice, cedar and a touch of sweetness on the finish. If you are into full-bodied big rings, Inch Colorado will not disappoint. ",Full,['Gordo'],Nicaraguan,"Dominican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,Gordo,No,Ecuador Habano,E.P. Carrillo
E.P. Carrillo INCH Maduro,Rated 4.35 out of 5, Based on 20 Ratings ,"INCH Maduro - one thick stick. When you’re Ernesto Carrillo you know the craft of cigar making to a ‘T’. With esteemed brands like La Gloria Cubana, and E.P. Carrillo under his belt, his bench of 90+ ratings is long and deep. And in the midst of creating top-notch cigars year after year, he also keeps his ear turned to the crowd, listening to every critique and request. Due to popular demand, E.P. Carrillo has released a new premium cigar line that weighs in against some of the thickest in the industry. Without further ado, enter INCH Maduro by E.P. Carrillo, monstrous slow burning jawbreakers.Whoa - now this is what I call an impressive cigar. Dark, oily, and downright thick the INCH Maduro brings a mouthful of flavors in spades. Carefully crafted under Ernesto's watchful eye, each INCH Maduro comes cloaked in glistening Connecticut Broadleaf maduro wrapper, and hugs a long-filler blend of Nicaraguan and Dominican tobaccos. Blended specifically to cater to the bulbous size of INCH, each puff reveals Ernesto's remarkable blending talents. Copious flavor coats the palate, as strong yet smooth notes of black pepper, roasted coffee, and earth mingle with an undeniable sweetness. Medium to full in body, the INCH Maduro delivers truckloads of flavor behind an outstanding, well-balanced bouquet. Go ahead and pat yourself on the back E.P. Carrillo, you deserve it.",Medium-Full,"['Gordo', 'Presidente']",,"Dominican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Gordo, Presidente",No,Connecticut Broadleaf,E.P. Carrillo
E.P. Carrillo INCH Natural,Rated 4.63 out of 5, Based on 27 Ratings ,"INCH Natural - Every inch counts.When you’re Ernesto Carrillo you know the craft of cigar making to a ‘T’. With esteemed brands like La Gloria Cubana, and E.P. Carrillo under his belt, his bench of 90+ ratings is long and deep. And in the midst of creating top-notch cigars year after year, he also keeps his ear turned to the crowd, listening to every critique and request. Due to popular demand, E.P. Carrillo has released a new premium cigar line that weighs in against some of the thickest in the industry. Without further ado, enter INCH by E.P. Carrillo, monstrous slow burning jawbreakers.If you’re lookin’ for a big and chunky handmade from one of the best in the biz, you’re in the right spot. INCH by E.P. Carrillo is one of the finest big ring beauties I’ve ever encountered. Carefully crafted under Ernesto’s watchful eye, each INCH Natural is draped in a Ecuador Sumatra wrapper, and packed to the gills with Nicaraguan and Dominican long-fillers. Blended specifically for hefty ring gauges, E.P. Carrillo’s talents shine brightly, as each puff reveals notes of sweet cedar, coffee, gentle spices, and a smooth creamy finish. Backed by an easy draw, and steady burn, these bulbous medium-bodied creations perform like a champ. Go ahead and add another feather in E.P. Carrillo’s over stuffed cap, INCH is a slam dunk.Great news everyone! Inch Natural has been recognized with a 90-rating stating, ""Big and veiny, this hefty cigar burns a bit unevenly, but offers a smoke that is sweet with maple syrup and toasted coconut with woody, oaky undertones."" ",Medium-Full,"['Gordo', 'Presidente']",,"Dominican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Gordo, Presidente",No,Ecuador Sumatra,E.P. Carrillo
E.P. Carrillo New Wave Reserva,Rated 4.27 out of 5, Based on 11 Ratings ,"E.P. Carrillo’s 91-rated New Wave gets a welcomed addition.The man behind countless 90-rated blends, Ernesto-Perez Carrillo knows tobacco front to back. Back in early 2011 he released the fan favorite New Wave line to critical acclaim, garnering a 91-rating and creating constant inventory headaches for us here at CI. Now, the time has come for another addition to this stellar performer dubbed, New Wave Reserva. This addition utilizes the same attractive Ecuadorian Connecticut wrapper leaf as the original, but is distinguishable by its sharp secondary band. The big difference in New Wave Reserva is its Connecticut Broadleaf binder which adds ample complexity to the Nicaraguan and Dominican long-fillers. Upon lighting you are immediately met with bold notes of cocoa, espresso, and a pleasing natural sweetness. Get ready for a balanced, medium-bodied journey with this Cuban-esque blend from one of the most respected names in the industry.​Good news, E.P Carrillo New Wave Reserva has received an awesome 92-rating, noting: ""The smoke of this tawny-colored torpedo is rich and luxurious, layering the palate with a chocolate and graham cracker quality and a sweet, honey finish.""",Medium,"['Belicoso', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Connecticut Broadleaf,"Dominican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,Varies,,"Belicoso, Gordo, Robusto, Toro",Varies,Ecuador Connecticut,E.P. Carrillo
E.P. Carrillo Rebel Maverick,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 1 Rating ,"The leader of the pack from E.P. CarrilloFrom La Gloria Cubana to E.P. Carrillo cigars, Ernesto Perez-Carrillo has climbed the ladder of success in strides. He is a master cigar maker by far with blends like the 94-rated Seleccion Oscuro and the 95-rated La Historia in his repertoire. The next best cigar to fill his portfolio is Rebel Maverick of the Dimension series. This medium to full-bodied blend stands out from the pack with its hearty, chewy, and dense profile. Rebel Maverick dons a rich Ecuador wrapper hugging Nicaraguan long-fillers delivering a sophisticated and balanced flavor of earthy, sweet, woody, and spicy notes. Along with a cool draw from its larger ring size, Maverick is a cigar that will satisfy from first light all the way down to the nub. Indulge in this handcrafted gem by E.P. Carrillo.",Mellow-Medium,"['Presidente', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",,,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Presidente, Robusto, Toro",No,Ecuador Sumatra,E.P. Carrillo
E.P. Carrillo Rebel Rebellious,Rated 5 out of 5,,"Radical additions to E.P. CarrilloErnesto Carrillo has taken the cigar industry by storm with his E.P. Carrillo brand. Recently E.P. Carrillo underwent an overhaul. The existing lines got a makeover, while a lot of new faces also popped up. This is one of those new blends, Rebel Rebellious.If college ever taught me anything, other than sleeping 101, it’s that rebelling can be a good thing. Luckily, E.P. Carrillo managed to push just the right amount of buttons. In the end, you’re left with a cigar filled with Nicaraguan tobaccos and secured with an Ecuadorian binder. The medium to full-bodied Rebellious boasts a dark Connecticut Broadleaf Maduro wrapper. Your palate won’t protest the flavors of earth, wood, cocoa, and toast from this satisfying Rebel Rebellious cigar by E.P. Carrillo. ",Medium-Full,"['Presidente', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",,,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Presidente, Robusto, Toro",No,Connecticut Broadleaf,E.P. Carrillo
E.P. Carrillo Seleccion Oscuro,Rated 4.78 out of 5, Based on 9 Ratings ,"E.P. Carrillo is batting a thousand                E.P. Carrillo is an acknowledged master of his craft with his long track record of successful cigars from La Gloria Cubana, to the #2 cigar of 2014, La Historia, to well-deserved #1 Cigar of the Year honors going to the 96-rated Encore in 2018. His newest release, E.P. Carrillo Seleccion Oscuro, marks the first time he has used a San Andres Oscuro wrapper in one of his blends.Seleccion Oscuro features a luscious, flavorful Mexican San Andres Oscuro wrapper encasing an Ecuadoran binder and Nicaraguan long-fillers. The blend is balanced, complex and packs a treasure trove of spice, pepper, wood, and sweet notes. E.P. Carrillo Seleccion Oscuro is a slow burning, perfectly constructed medium to full-bodied blend that will captivate you and have you returning time and time again.Great news, E.P. Carillo Seleccion Oscuro was honored as the #4 cigar on the 2016 Top 25 Cigars list and received a well deserved 94-point rating, noting: ""This cigar is not only full of dried-fruit notes and a chocolate-covered raisin sweetness, but is an exercise in restraint and balance.""",Medium-Full,"['Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,Varies,,"Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",Varies,San Andres,E.P. Carrillo
Edgar Hoill,Rated 5 out of 5,,"Edgar who?!Edgar Hoill is a photographer who is known as one hell of a crackshot with a camera. When he takes aim, he hits his mark. That's how he got the name One Shot One Kill. (O.S.O.K.) Now, he and Christian Eiroa of Camacho fame combine muscle to present Edgar Hoill cigars. To craft Edgar Hoill, only a blend that could truly personify Hoill's reputation would do. Fitting that bill, is an all-Nicaraguan medley of rich, potent, patiently fermented tobaccos. On the outside a feisty Habano wrapper, chocolate-brown and teeming with natural oils. Just beneath, a robust long-filler core. Together, this ensemble wrangles up a meaty and bold profile loaded with spicy-sweet nuances. And what truly adds a level of intrigue here are the unique sizes. Each one provides a bit of sizzle each its own. All full-bodied, and all quite tasty, this one hits its mark dead center.",Full,"['Corona', 'Perfecto']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,"Corona, Perfecto",No,Habano,
Edgar Hoill Everyday Hustle,Rated 4.73 out of 5,,"Everyday I’m Hustlin’.Edgar Hoill was a crack-shot photographer known best for capturing the real life drama that occurs in urban environments. The shots don’t just come to him, he has to hustle…every day, and he brings that same hustle to craft the cigars that carry his name.Edgar Hoill Everyday Hustle is the brand’s first Honduran puro and hails from the El Aladino factory in Honduras. This stick is a beefy medium to full-bodied blend with notes of earth, cinnamon, and spice, and will please both grizzled cigar vets and noobs. Everyday Hustle comes in traditional shapes and does not include the perfecto sizes that dominate Hoill’s other lines. ​",Medium-Full,['Corona'],Honduran,Honduran,False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,Corona,No,Honduran,
Edgar Hoill O.S.O.K. (One Shot One Kill),Rated 5 out of 5,,"Like shootin’ fish in a barrel!Edgar Hoill fans come in all forms....cigar aficionados, art fanatics, photography enthusiasts....long story short, the brand is more than just a brand, it’s a lifestyle. This Hollywood photographer turned cigar maker captures powerful photos riddled with meaning. In the same breath, his cigars are full of passion and feel totally authentic, resulting in some of the most unique cigars on the market.Offered in 10-count boxes, O.S.O.K . (One Shot One Kill) cigars are complex, Nicaraguan puros loaded with personality. The result of a combined effort between Edgar Hoill and Christian Eiroa (of Camacho fame), you can expect very big things. But it should come as no surprise that at the end of the day this duo crafted a cigar serving up a big, bold, spicy profile. Full-bodied and filled to the brim with rich nuances, O.S.O.K. shoots....and scores. Plus, each vitola in the line boasts a distinct shape for an experience all its own.",Full,['Corona'],Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,Corona,No,Nicaraguan,
Edgar Hoill OG O.S.O.K.,Rated 5 out of 5,,"One Hoill of a cigar.O.S.O.K. stands for “One Shot One Kill,” which is the nickname photographer Edgar Hoill earned for his sniper-like knack for taking a picture at just the right moment, and in one attempt. This photographer turned cigar maker has been turning heads with some of the most unique cigars available today.Edgar Hoill O.G. O.S.O.K. is a new addition to the fan-favorite O.S.O.K. line. This blend is the first Honduran puro in the O.S.O.K. lineup and all sizes are rolled in the figurado shape. Coming from the El Aladino factory in Honduras, this medium to full-bodied stick is bold with rich flavors and balance. O.G. O.S.O.K. is strong without becoming overpowering and is a solid addition to the O.S.O.K. line. ​",Medium-Full,['Robusto'],Honduran,Honduran,False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,Robusto,No,Honduran,
Eiroa by Christian Eiroa,Rated 4.93 out of 5, Based on 15 Ratings ,"Named after the man himself!A Honduran puro, Eiroa cigars hail from the company's brand new El Aladino factory in Honduras. Each carefully crafted cigar pays tribute to the Eiroa family, a cigar brand with a legacy 100 years in the making. They come packed in unique lift-top boxes wrapped in a leather ribbon, which represents Christian Eiroa's grandfather and his habit for keeping cigars stashed at the foot of his bed in a trunk (that's old school). Each box and each cigar features the old Spanish saying, “Salud, Amor y Pesetas” which means, “Health, Love and Money.” His motto for a successful life.Medium to full-bodied, Eiroa starts out with a hints of leather and pepper. The flavor is distinctive, with definite undertones of salty-sweetness. The second third begins to intensify with amplified character and flavor. The finish is just right, with helpings of cocoa, coffee, and cream clinging to the palate. Boasting an even draw, solid construction, and an incredibly unique taste, Eiroa fully honors the family name.   Eiroa by Christian Eiroa received a well-deserved 90-rating noting: ""layering the palate with chewy, dense smoke redolent of spicy black pepper and wood.""",Medium-Full,"['Corona Extra', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Honduran,Honduran,False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,"Corona Extra, Gordo, Robusto, Toro",No,Honduran,CLE
Eiroa CBT Maduro,Rated 4.94 out of 5, Based on 16 Ratings ,"Oh so rich!Eiroa CBT Maduro: capa, banda, tripa maduro. Or, en inglés: maduro wrapper, binder, and filler. That’s 3 times maduro. A triple, if you will. Think about Christian Eiroa’s past. You feel me yet? If not, don’t worry, this is one helluva cigar that needs no back story. ​Hailing from Eiroa’s El Aladino factory in Honduras, CBT Maduro makes use of 100% maduro leaves – the wrapper, binder, and filler are all maduro leaves harvested from only the plant’s top primings. An extremely difficult-to-blend combination, but Eiroa nailed it…again. CBT Maduro is smooth and ultra-rich with hearty, charred notes of wood, pepper, espresso, dark chocolate, and a long, bold, and meaty finish. It’s unique, it’s complex, it has flavor to spare. Indeed, if you like rich n’ bold cigars, Eiroa CBT Maduro easily sits at the top of the list. ​",Full,"['Corona', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",,,False,No,More Details,Honduras,Varies,,"Corona, Gordo, Robusto, Toro",No,Maduro,CLE
Eiroa the First 20 Years,Rated 4.88 out of 5, Based on 8 Ratings ,"An occasion worth celebrating.The Eiroa family purchased Camacho cigars in 1995, giving Christian Eiroa his start in the industry. Under the family’s guidance, Camacho cigars became a juggernaut and became world famous for their stout and potent lineup of cigars. Now with his new brand CLE cigars, formed after Camacho was sold to Davidoff, Christian is celebrating his 2 decades in the cigar industry with a special release, Eiroa the First 20 Years. Hailing from Honduras, Eiroa the First 20 Years is a box-pressed Honduran puro containing a special type of tobacco in the binder and filler that hasn’t been used in a cigar in over 50 years. With a strength and flavor profile that will have you smacking your lips with fond memories of great Camacho blends of the past, Eiroa the First 20 Years will captivate you from first light. Full-bodied and packed with a full boat of pleasing flavors, expect nuances of dark chocolate, espresso, baking spices, nuts, earth, and leather to provide a well-balanced and complex experience. Give this stellar blend a try and enjoy the fruits of a master-blender at his best. Eiroa the First 20 Years received a well-deserved 92-rating noting: ""Pressed and oily, this dark maduro delivers a chewy, concentrated smoke fortified with notes of nougat, cloves and sweet star anise. The finish resonates with leather and wood.""​",Full,"['Corona Extra', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Honduran,Honduran,False,No,More Details,Honduras,Yes,,"Corona Extra, Gordo, Robusto, Toro",No,Honduran,CLE
Eiroa: The First 20 Years Colorado,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 3 Ratings ,"Here's to many decades moreChristian Eiroa has been in the cigar business for over two decades, and all of that experience has made him one of the most talented master blenders in the world. To commemorate his achievements, Christian released his Eiroa the First 20 Years line, with his first blend receiving a well-deserved 90-point rating.His follow up, Eiroa the First 20 Years Colorado combines a leathery Honduran Corojo wrapper with long fillers from Honduras - all put together in a box-pressed package. Medium to full-bodied with a delightful array of espresso, oak, and cinnamon. Here’s to 20 years Mr. Eiroa, and many, many more.",Medium,"['Corona Extra', 'Gordo', 'Petite Corona', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Honduran,Honduran,False,No,More Details,Honduras,Yes,,"Corona Extra, Gordo, Petite Corona, Robusto, Toro",No,Honduran,CLE
El Baton,Rated 4.68 out of 5, Based on 22 Ratings ,"El Baton....the original nickel stick.​Introduced in 1914 and rolled with genuine Cuban tobacco leaves, this legendary little gem was the pick of the litter, especially at a nickel a piece. The good news is that the brand is back! With a new blend, a 93-rating, and a Top 25 appearance under its belt, El Baton is beginning the assent again.El Baton is a Nicaraguan puro being offered by J.C. Newman. Complex and full in body, this cigar features carefully selected long-fillers harvested from the highly fertile soils of Nicaragua. It’s bold and potent, featuring generous notes of nuts, coffee, spice, raisins, and sweetness. Well-made, and steeped in tradition, this is one handmade you won’t want to miss. El Baton's well-earned 93-rating notes, ""The cigar is big on flavor, leaving bold impressions of coffee, spice and raisins on the palate... it's back and probably better than ever."" ",Medium-Full,"['Belicoso', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Torpedo']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Belicoso, Gordo, Robusto, Torpedo",No,"Corojo, Nicaraguan",
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,Rated 4.7 out of 5, Based on 43 Ratings ,"Allow me to re-introduce...El Centurion.​No doubt you’ve heard of Jose “Pepin” Garcia, one of the great cigar makers of our time. And chances are you’ve sampled some of his work, but I can guarantee you’ve never seen anything like this before. Originally a limited-edition cigar, El Centurion is back and here to stay.Staying true to the original blend, Pepin packs the El Centurion with all well-aged Nicaraguan tobaccos. The kicker here is he incorporates the super-unique Sancti Spiritus leaf which morphs this blend into a spicy-sweet beast with notes of pepper and leather. Medium to full in body, El Centurion is tasty right out of the box and after a few months of diligent aging, the real fireworks begin!El Centurion is available in two different wrapper varieties. The H-2K version comes wrapped in a top secret Connecticut sun grown wrapper from a hybrid Havana 2000 seed that produces an intensly flavorful cigar. The others come wrapped in an oily sun grown Criollo '98 leaf.Good news, El Centurion by My Father Cigars has received a well-deserved 90-point rating, and the H-2K version has scored as high as 93-points, noting: ""Covered in a toothy, oily wrapper, this cigar delivers a flavorful balance of cedar and tobacco spiced with some pepper notes.""",Medium-Full,"['Corona', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,Varies,,"Corona, Gordo, Robusto, Toro",No,Criollo '98,My Father
El Credito,Rated 4.14 out of 5, Based on 7 Ratings ,"Credit where credit’s due.This 3-country blend snagged a 90-rating years back, and now we got a solid chunk of ‘em on the low low! El Credito comes to you from the Dominican Republic and features a well-aged wrapper from Ecuador. Finished off with long-fillers from the Dominican Republic and Nicaragua, and a Nicaraguan binder, El Credito reveals a suspenseful medium to full-bodied character. Beginning with a bold, meaty flavor, El Credito gradually moves into hearty notes of hickory with a spicy-sweet undertone. Check out what the panel has to say:El Credito received a well-deserved 90-rating noting: “This toro has spicy flavors with a touch of floral notes. It produces a toasty, earthy aroma. The finish is bready with subtle notes of spice.”",Medium-Full,['Cigarillos'],,,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,Cigarillos,No,Ecuador Sumatra,
El Duque Cognac,Rated 3.97 out of 5, Based on 36 Ratings ,"Treat yourself to a soothing, unique cigar-burnin' experience.El Duque Cognac is a robust mix of aged Nicaraguan and Dominican long-fillers. Wrapped in light brown Sumatra wrappers, it delivers a medium to full flavor that's rich and extra smooth. The infusion of premium cognac soothes the palate with a rich, creamy blend and offers enjoyable hint of sweetness. Production was limited to one size only - a hefty Double Corona that measures 6.5""x50, giving you well over an hour of non-stop cigar pleasure.",Medium,['Churchill'],,"Dominican, Nicaraguan",True,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,Churchill,Yes,Sumatra,
El Galan Semilla Cubana Habano,Rated 4.45 out of 5,,"Premium in every way except for the price tag.Before you lies a rare handmade indeed. El Galan Semilla Cubana Habano offers everything you’d expect from a premium blend, but is offered at a price that will have you doing a double-take. The man behind the scenes is a true legend in the making, Cuban born master blender Felix Mesa. Mesa was raised in the Cuban tobacco industry with 3 generations of his family working tobacco fields in Cuba’s famed central region, and his affordably priced, richly flavored blends are an homage to his family’s legacy.Crafted at Mesa’s El Galan factory in Esteli, Nicaragua, this blend is medium to full-bodied and features Dominican and Nicaraguan long-fillers tucked beneath a spicy Habano wrapper. Perfectly balanced and revealing a deft blending touch, expect to taste notes of earth and wood with a light spice settling in the background. Featuring meticulous construction and a complex evolution in the flavor profile, once you try this gem we’re sure you’ll be replenishing your supply over and over again. ​",Medium-Full,['Toro'],,"Dominican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,Toro,No,Habano,
El Gueguense,Rated 4.71 out of 5, Based on 21 Ratings ,"A wise choice.If you’re anything like me, your first thought is how in the hell do you say this cigar’s name. It’s pronounced - el wah-when-say - meaning “the wise man,” and it’s also one of the oldest known Nicaraguan plays. El Gueguense is the debut blend for Foundation Cigar Company, which was begun by Nicholas Melillo after he left Drew Estate. The cigar’s packaging and bands pay tribute to the play and reflect Melillo’s love for Nicaragua. El Gueguense is a Nicaraguan puro outfitted with a Corojo ’99 wrapper and binder, and a blend of Corojo and Criollo long-fillers from 2011 and 2012. The blend has been additionally aged in cedar before release and is an elegant, complex, and well-balanced cigar. Expect a full-bodied treat with your palate dancing to notes of cedar and spice with a touch of sweetness.El Gueguense received an impressive 92-rating and Top 25 Cigars of 2016 honors. The review noted, ""The combination of different varietals from diferent regions make this an interesting, tasty melange of Nicaraguan tobacco."" ",Full,"['Churchill', 'Corona', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Corojo,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Churchill, Corona, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Corojo,Foundation Cigar Company
El Mejor Espresso,Rated 4.1 out of 5, Based on 143 Ratings ,"Trust me, my friend.El Mejor Espresso is a home run of a blend. Crafted in the esteemed Plasencia factory, these soft-pressed beauties come draped in positively gorgeous, coal-black wrappers. Frankly, it looks like a candy bar....just looking at it gets me salivating, glands pumping and all. The Espresso has a rich, creamy taste with noticeable hints of subtle cocoa and coffee-like flavors. It burns slowly and deliberately, leaving a firm, crisp ash and satisfying finish. Outstanding.",Medium,"['Churchill', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,Yes,,"Churchill, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,San Andres,
El Rey Del Mundo,Rated 4.79 out of 5, Based on 89 Ratings ,"From the creators of Punch and Hoyo de Monterey, CI presents El Rey Del Mundo cigars: Handmande premiums that feature Honduran binders, and rich, oily Sumatra wrappers. Inside, the El Rey Del Mundo holds combinations of Dominican, Honduran, and Nicaraguan fillers for a rich and spicy flavor. All of this from a brand that is rated as high as 91 by Cigar Aficionado magazine.Good news! El Rey Del Mundo has earned a slew of 90+ ratings, including a 91-rating, noting: ""It has a great draw, rich with cocoa and coffee bean flavor. It finishes with a nice kick of spice.""",Medium,"['Churchill', 'Corona', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",,"Dominican, Honduran, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,"Churchill, Corona, Robusto, Toro",No,"Oscuro, Sumatra",
El Rico Habano,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 7 Ratings ,"This is where flavor and price come to live in harmony.Yes, El Rico Habano – literally, “the rich one” – fully satisfies from start to finish, with its can’t-miss combination of mellow notes of spice and a smooth, fluid draw. This well-crafted handmade is produced by E.P. Carrillo, the same brilliant mind who brought you La Gloria Cubana. The El Rico Habano line is one of the most robust premium cigars on the market, with a delicious, exquisite Havana-like flavor. The blend is offered with your choice of two wrappers – the lush Ecuadorian Sumatra natural option or a dark and appealing Connecticut Broadleaf maduro leaf. Each one is overflowing with a potent blend of Nicaraguan long-fillers beside a Nicaraguan binder, delivering full-flavored, full-bodied goodness time after time. When you’re looking for the ultimate in flavor, look no further than this classic concoction. But best not to wait around, because my sources say that El Rico Habano isn’t always easy to come by. Get it while you can and keep it on hand for any night of the week.El Rico Habano received a well-deserved 90-rating noting: ""An excellent cigar. Thre is good balance of earthiness and spiciness on a full-bodied smoke. There is a hint of leather on the finish.""",Full,"['Double Corona', 'Presidente', 'Toro']",,"Dominican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Double Corona, Presidente, Toro",No,"Habano, Habano Maduro",
Embassy by Cult,Rated 4.67 out of 5,,"A cigar even an ambassador can get behindEmbassy by Cult is a superior addition to the already high-quality and flavorful portfolio the boutique brand has compiled. A brand built on delivering anything but ordinary, you can be sure of it that these premiums are good enough for an embassy. These beauties are chock full of Nicaraguan long-fillers held together with a blend of binders from Indonesia, Nicaragua, and Mexico and dressed in an Ecuador Habano wrapper. If any ambassador is lighting up one of these bad boys, you can be sure Embassy by Cult is a must-try.",Medium,['Toro'],,,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,Toro,No,Ecuador Habano,Cult
Erin Go Bragh,Rated 4.25 out of 5, Based on 125 Ratings ,"Irish eyes are smiling!Erin Go Bragh is a uniquely infused premium long-filler handmade with a gourmet blend. Erin Go Bragh soothes the palate with an enticing infusion of Irish whisky mellowed by creamy nuances and a slightly sweetened cap. These unique flavors gel nicely, further enhancing a fine recipe of aged Cuban-seed Dominican tobaccos and beautiful Connecticut shade wrappers. The result is a palate pleasing flavor and luxurious aroma. Click here to shop Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos!",Mellow,"['Churchill', 'Corona', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Dominican,Dominican,True,No,More Details,Europe,No,,"Churchill, Corona, Robusto, Toro",Yes,Connecticut,
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,Rated 4.4 out of 5, Based on 111 Ratings ,"Take a look at these lucky charms!Check out the new Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos. Packaged in convenient 50-count boxes, these little suckers offer a smooth and satisfying smoke filled with mellow flavors and pleasant aromas. The Irish Creme offers an especially nice experience with a sweet, creamy, crowd-pleasing aroma.Click here to shop Erin Go Bragh full sized cigars!",Mellow,['Cigarillos'],Dominican,Dominican,True,No,More Details,Europe,No,,Cigarillos,Yes,Indonesian,
Erin Go Bragh St. Patrick's Day Edition,Rated 3.9 out of 5, Based on 21 Ratings ,"Time to kiss the Blarney Stone!Spice up your St. Patty's Day this year with Erin Go Bragh's limited release, the Erin Go Bragh St. Patrick's Day edition. This takes Erin Go Bragh to new heights, delivering subtle notes of sweet grass. Irish eyes are smiling on this delicious little treat made on the Emerald Isle. These rich and sweet cigarillos are a welcomed 10 minute intermission between pints of Guinness. This unique blend was released in extremely limited quantities, so it is best to strike while the iron's hot and be prepared for another memorable St. Patty's Day. Available in either 50-ct boxes of five 10-ct wooden pocket packs. ",Mellow,['Cigarillos'],Dominican,Dominican,True,No,More Details,Europe,No,,Cigarillos,Yes,Indonesian,
Espinosa 20th Anniversary,Rated 4.2 out of 5,,"Cheers to Erik Espinosa! At this point, it’s practically a rule that you must release a cigar to celebrate your anniversary in the industry. But don’t get me wrong – I’m stoked that Erik Espinosa didn’t buck the trend. After working in the sales end of the industry for years, Espinosa went on to collaborate with Eddie Ortega and EO brands, before finally opening up the La Zona factory and manufacturing his own line of premium cigars. But along the way, Espinosa has consistently put his work into some of the finest cigars in the ‘biz. The Espinosa 20th Anniversary is produced at Erik’s own factory in Esteli, Nicaragua, and contains potent and flavorful Nicaraguan long-filler tobaccos underneath a gorgeous Habano Rosado wrapper. This production is limited to just 500 boxes, and believe me, you don’t want to miss out. Burning an Espinosa 20th, you’re going to find hearty notes of pepper, chocolate, and an awesome flavor that only Nicaraguan tobacco can produce.",Medium-Full,['Corona'],Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,Corona,No,Habano,Espinosa
Espinosa Alpha Dawg,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 4 Ratings ,"Let the big dawg eat! Those who have attended an Espinosa event already know all about the Alpha Dawg. For those who don’t, let me give you a brief backstory. This uh… interestingly named cigar used to be an event only cigar for Espinosa’s biggest fans. Word and demand quickly spread though, and people wanted to get their hands on this awesome handmade. Well, luckily, Espionsa is letting the Dawgs out, and has pushed Alpha Dawg into regular production for all to enjoy. Offered in lovingly dressed boxes of ten, Espinosa Alpha Dawg uses a Habano Rosado Oscuro wrapper over Nicaragun binder and long-filler in order to create a cigar that will satisfy even the biggest appetite. The wrapper itself is special, bringing tons of rich dark chocolate, espresso, earthiness, and a big of dark fruity flavors with each puff. It’s complex and chewy, as dense peppery spice works its way in and out of the profile. Alpha Dawg is a medium to full-bodied treat, and after trying one you’ll be howling for more. Alright, that’s enough dog jokes for one day. ​",Medium-Full,"['Corona', 'Toro']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Corona, Toro",No,Habano,Espinosa
Espinosa Crema,Rated 4.2 out of 5, Based on 5 Ratings ,"Another Connecticut winner from EspinosaI’ve said it before, and I’ll say it again. Despite all the hype around the next full-bodied, powerhouse cigar, mellow, Connecticut wrapped gems are still the best-sellers in the cigar world by far. And with awesome, creamy cigars like Espinosa Crema coming out, it’s easy to tell why. Espinosa is a boutique cigar manufacturer you should all be watching, and if you haven’t tried them yet, Espinosa Crema is the perfect introduction. Now if you’re gonna name a cigar Crema, you better deliver creaminess. And I’m happy to report that it’s here in spades. An silky-smooth Ecuadorian Connecticut wrapper delivers a super-smooth experience with slight cedar, hay, and tons of baked bread. It’s a buttery, delicious cigar that rounds out the Espinosa portfolio and ensures this boutique company has something for everyone. ​",Mellow-Medium,"['Churchill', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Churchill, Robusto, Toro",No,Ecuador Connecticut,Espinosa
Espinosa Dread,Rated 4 out of 5, Based on 1 Rating ,"This premium stick makes every little thing alrightEspinosa brings another carefully crafted premium cigar to the table, and it doesn’t disappoint. Sporting pigtail caps reminiscent of the hairstyle made famous by reggae greats the world over, the Dread delivers premium cigar taste at a great price. This is a medium-bodied and complex smoke with several different flavors taking their turns dancing on the palette. You’ll experience layers of leather, cocoa, toasted almonds, sweet apple and cinnamon. All of these blend with a flowery sweetness for an intense but balanced and delicious smoke.
",Medium,['Toro'],Nicaraguan,"Honduran, Jamaican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,Toro,No,Ecuador Habano,
Espinosa EO no. 21,Rated 4.22 out of 5, Based on 23 Ratings ,"E-O-So good!Back in the days before Eddie Ortega brought us delicious sticks of entirely his own creation, he collaborated on great blends that are still around today, with some of the best in the industry, like the EO No. 21. EO stands for Espinosa y Ortega (not the sound you make when you realize how delicious these are), and the blend is an excellent expression of the skills of the two blenders in a budget-friendly format.The EO No. 21 features a smooth, rich Corojo wrapper brimming with well-balanced complexity, carefully applied to a delicious blend of Nicaraguan long-fillers. This fantastic blend is pleasantly spicy, with rich notes of wood, earth, and leather. Grab a budget-friendly bundle for as low as $1.99 per stick, and enjoy the efforts of one of the greatest collaborative forces in the industry.",Medium,"['Churchill', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",,Nicaraguan,False,,More Details,Nicaragua,False,,"Churchill, Robusto, Toro",False,Corojo,Espinosa
Espinosa Habano,Rated 4 out of 5, Based on 7 Ratings ,"Heavenly Habanos.The name Erik Espinosa might not ring a bell, but you've probably already encountered at least one of his top-notch brands. He's been behind the wheel of brands like Cubao, 601, Murcielago, La Bomba, and a handful of others. Recently, he opened his own factory in Esteli, Nicaragua, called La Zona. As part of his plan to release a new portfolio of top-notch boutique handmades, the Espinosa Habano boldly leads the charge.Introducing the Espinosa Habano. A lovely medium-bodied handmade that dishes out wave after wave of handmade goodness. Carefully crafted under Erik Espinosa's watchful eye, each cigar starts with a leathery and flavorful Nicaraguan Habano wrapper. This leaf sits atop a long-filler bouquet of proprietary tobaccos, secretly blended, for a rich well-balanced smoke. Together, these tobaccos strike up a savory array of smooth, soothing flavors. Prominent notes of pepper, cedar, cocoa, and a creamy semi-sweet finish, all round out this highly satisfying handmade. Erik Espinosa hit all the right keys with this one, and it shows.Espinosa Habano received a well-deserved 93-point rating, noting: “The leathery core of this well-made cigar is framed by a rich, complex procession of vanilla, baking spices and raw cookie dough notes. The finish is long.”",Medium,"['Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,Varies,,"Gordo, Robusto, Toro",No,Habano,Espinosa
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,Rated 4.47 out of 5, Based on 66 Ratings ,"My favorite color!2014 seemed to be the year of Erik Espinosa, and 2015 seems to be heading down the same road. His La Zona factory in Nicaragua is producing some of the top blends to hit the marketplace, one tastier than the other. This next addition to his arsenal may just be the tastiest to date. The wrapper leaf, grown in the Reconcavo region of Bahia, Brazil, sports an orange hue which draws you in from first glance. Hence its name, Laranja, meaning orange in Portuguese. Below this stunning wrapper leaf, a bevy of bold and refined Nicaraguan long-fillers await. Laranja Reserva is one of the most complex blends you will come across. Cuban-esque would be an understatement, this concoction features master blending at the top of its game. Laranja Reserva offers ample notes of spice, pepper, citrus, nuts, cedar, and an impressive natural sweetness. All the while, this gem remains perfectly balanced. A true cigar experience, do yourself a favor and grab a box while you still can. Espinosa Laranja Reserva received Top 25 honors for 2015 (#13 overall) and a well-deserved 94-rating noting: ""The Toro serves as a bright and flavorful showcase for the wrapper, offering plenty of graham cracker flavor. But, as the wrapper and name suggests, we also detected a distinctly citrus-like quality and zest.""​",Medium-Full,"['Churchill', 'Corona', 'Robusto Extra', 'Toro']",,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Churchill, Corona, Robusto Extra, Toro",No,Brazilian,Espinosa
Espinosa Laranja Reserva Escuro,Rated 4.47 out of 5,,"What a difference a wrapper makes!Unlike all of the other lines of Espinosa Premium Cigars, this cigar is manufactured in the San Lotano factory in Ocotal, Nicaragua but offers no difference in the quality and refinement that the Espinosa name represents. Following the trend of naming the original cigar line based on the appearance of the wrapper, the new addition to the line Escuro is named using the Portuguese word for dark and it is well-fitting! 2018 marked the start of an ingenious line extension by Espinosa Premium Cigars. The Laranja Reserva Escuro utilizes the same bevy of bold and refined Nicaraguan long-fillers and binder of the original Laranja Reserva, but is wrapped in a beautifully dark Brazillian Mata Fina wrapper. This cigar is a smooth box-pressed masterpiece that brings with it a fuller-flavored profile filled with notes of leather, earth, natural sweetness, espresso, cocoa, and nuttiness. The solid construction and even burn throughout only compliment the enjoyable medium-full bodied experience. Go ahead, get drawn into the dark side of Espinosa's Laranja Reserva Escuro line, your palate will thank you!   ",Medium-Full,"['Corona Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,,More Details,Nicaragua,True,,"Corona Gordo, Robusto, Toro",False,Brazilian,Espinosa
Espinosa Reggae,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 1 Rating ,"A rare, spicy gemThe Espinosa Reggae uses rare, exotic Jamaican tobacco leaves that are renown for being as close to the quality of Cuban leaves are you can get. A spicy Ecuadorian rosado wrapper holds together a delicious combination of Nicaraguan fillers and binders and a rare tobacco unique to the region called lengua de vaca. The full-bodied Reggae is guaranteed to fill your mouth with sweet, unique flavor on every puff. Trust us. This is one cigar that you do not want to miss. One or two puffs and you'll be swaying right where you stand to the sounds of your own reggae band.Espinosa Reggae received a well-deserved 90-point rating in 2018, noting: ""The smoke of this well-rolled cigar has spicy, woody qualities that meld pleasantly with hints of clove, fruit and chewy nougat. The burn is clean and even."" ",Medium-Full,"['Robusto', 'Toro']",Nicaraguan,"Honduran, Jamaican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Robusto, Toro",No,Ecuador Habano,Espinosa
Espinosa Wasabi,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 4 Ratings ,"Hot like Wasabi, when I bust rhymesErik Espinosa has long been one of the most unique names in the cigar industry. From the 601 series, to Alpha Dawg, to Comfortably Numb, this guy covers the full range of style and presentation… Hell, the last meeting I had with him, he was smoking cigars in a bathrobe! Which brings us to Wasabi, a Candela wrapped blend coming from the La Zona Cigar Factory. At first glance, you may think this thing is a marketing gimmick but not so fast my friend! Just ask anyone who’s familiar with La Zona’s work, and you’ll know this thing is legit. Up top, you’ve got the green and smooth Candela wrapper leaf (that’s certainly reminding some of you out there of the cigars of yesteryear) capped by a dark brown Habano leaf. The binder and filler are undisclosed, but believe me, they make their presence known immediately — this cigar packs a punch! Tons of earth and black pepper boom forth from this blend in a most unexpected way, proving this one ain’t your Daddy’s candela. Believe me, this is a cigar that’s straight up legit: even the uppity up cigar bloggers rated it highly.",Medium,"['Corona Gordo', 'Robusto']",,,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,Varies,,"Corona Gordo, Robusto",Varies,Candela,Espinosa
Exactus Clasico,Rated 3 out of 5, Based on 1 Rating ,"​Exactly what you’ve been looking for.Every now and then a cigar comes along, and everything about it is just right. Right blend...right flavor...right look. That’s what we’ve got here with Exactus Clasico, a visually stimulating and deliciously nuanced handmade from a boutique cigar company. Exactus is a business of humble beginnings that dates back to 1955. Headed up by Osvaldo Rodriguez, the son of company founder Don Pulita, it’s also a brand that has serious staying power. Clasico is rich and creamy in flavor, with surprising yet delightful nuances of fruit thanks to a very deliberate blending technique. An Ecuadorian Connecticut wrapper sits atop a blend of Dominican Criollo ’98 fillers. The unique piece here is the Dominican wine fermented Criollo ’98 binder, which contributes those fruit notes we were discussing earlier. Mellow to medium in body, this one would be ideal for the first smoke of the day. The construction is excellent and the taste is wholly unique. Give one a try, you won’t be sorry.​",Mellow-Medium,['Torpedo'],"Criollo '98, Dominican",Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,Torpedo,No,Ecuador Connecticut,
Excalibur,Rated 4.63 out of 5, Based on 401 Ratings ,"Full in flavor, the Excaliburs are a world-class cigar.Hand-rolled by the same makers as Hoyo De Monterrey, Hoyo De Monterrey Excalibur cigars are made using the top 10% of the factory’s tobacco from Honduras and Nicaragua.In addition to a sterling, '92' point rating, Hoyo de Monterrey Excalibur is a member of Cigar Aficionado's top 25 cigars of the year.",Mellow-Medium,"['Churchill', 'Corona', 'Gordo', 'Lonsdale', 'Presidente', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Connecticut Broadleaf,"Dominican, Honduran, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Honduras,Varies,,"Churchill, Corona, Gordo, Lonsdale, Presidente, Robusto, Toro",Varies,"Connecticut, Connecticut Broadleaf",
Excalibur Cameroon,Rated 4.68 out of 5, Based on 41 Ratings ,"Cameroon beauties from the makers of Hoyo de Monterrey and Excalibur.Excalibur Cameroon is an extension of the popular Hoyo Excalibur line. The Cameroon features an utterly smooth and complex blend of Dominican, Honduran and Nicaraguan filler tobaccos along with absolutely beautiful true Cameroon wrappers.",Medium,"['Churchill', 'Corona', 'Robusto']",Connecticut Broadleaf,"Dominican, Honduran, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,"Churchill, Corona, Robusto",No,Cameroon,
Excalibur Dark Knight,Rated 4.87 out of 5, Based on 30 Ratings ,"A delicious step up from the traditional Excalibur 1066.Within the legendary Excalibur 1066 line of Hoyo de Monterrey, one will find the beautiful Dark Knight. This enticing handmade is built with a dark and oily natural Connecticut Havana wrapper. This leaf is thick and chewy, hugging a complex mixture of Dominican, Honduran, and Nicaraguan long-fillers. The result is a bold, medium to full-bodied smoke layered with rich, complex flavors. Expect a chewy, leathery core with hints of coffee, cocoa, and sweet, peppery undertones. When it comes to Excalibur, the Dark Knight is as good as it gets!Produced in four limited production vitolas.",Medium-Full,['Toro'],Connecticut Broadleaf,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,Toro,No,Connecticut Broadleaf,
Factory Throwouts,Rated 4.31 out of 5, Based on 523 Ratings ,"No need to throw these out!These Factory Throwouts are so darn tasty, you’ll be left scratching your head and wondering what makes them throwouts anyway. Slight discoloration, sun spots, minor and miniscule blemishes....that’s it. The good part is that they are a fraction of their full-priced counterparts. Straight from J.C. Newman’s Florida factory, here you’ll find tasty treasures in a variety of sizes. Each is wrapped in an Ecuadorian sun grown wrapper and then filled Cuban-sandwich style with Dominican tobaccos. No bands, no labels, no boxes, no frills – just pure, unadulterated goodness that the money-minded should be stocking up on, and often.",Mellow-Medium,"['Churchill', 'Lonsdale', 'Robusto']",,"Dominican, Honduran, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,United States,No,,"Churchill, Lonsdale, Robusto",Varies,Ecuador Sungrown,
Fallen Angel,Rated 4.55 out of 5, Based on 77 Ratings ,"A slice of heaven from AJ Fernandez.Fallen Angel. Dark. Mysterious. Powerful. And above all else: delicious. It's also the latest masterpiece from AJ Fernandez. Rolled with care at the legendary Tabacalera Fernandez factory in Esteli, Nicaragua, Fallen Angel is gonna make a believer out of you fast. Real fast.Beating around the bush just isn't in my nature, so I'm going to cut right to it. This cigar is friggin' fantastic. One of the best I've had from AJ....perhaps ever. Yeah, it's that damn tasty. Just looking at the one perched on my desk gets me all warm and fuzzy. But enough about that, time to get to business. First the wrapper. A dark and glistening Sumatra Ecuadorian Oscuro leaf. Simply stunning. Seamless, soft, and even in color this rare leaf has been cultivated from the plant's highest, most flavorful priming (known as 7th cut). Beneath this impressive leaf, a bold bouquet of AJ's finest Nicaraguan ligero long-fillers are hugged by a rich Habano binder from Ecuador. But the real icing on the cake is a gorgeous box-pressed finish, providing a cool, slow burn. Expect a rustic core of toasted tobacco to complement nuances of black pepper, oak, and leather, as a caramel-like sweetness smacks on the finish. If that wasn't enough, check out the packaging. Each box features a hand-cast Fallen Angel pewter emblem. Magnificent.​​",Full,"['Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Habano,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,Yes,,"Gordo, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Ecuador Sumatra,
Felipe II Fat-Boy Extra,Rated 3.25 out of 5, Based on 4 Ratings ,"La Aurora’s Manhattan Project.Felipe Gregorio was founded by Philip Wynne in 1990, and despite having been around for almost 30 years, has managed to stay pretty under the radar. We’re not sure how, though, because he pumps out some seriously good sticks, with the storied La Aurora factory, the first established cigar factory in the Dominican, handling production. Any project La Aurora gets its hands on is going to turn out great, and these Filipo II Fat-Boy Extras are certainly no exception. These chunky little gems come with a unique Indonesian Maduro wrapper, over an Indonesian binder and two different long-filler leaves from the Cibao Valley in the Dominican Republic. The result is a smooth, satisfying experience with robust earth, leather, and wood notes, and a touch of pepper. The Felipe II Fat-Boy Extra will look great in your humidor, and even better burning in your fingers. ",,"['Robusto Extra', 'Short Robusto']",Indonesian,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,False,,"Robusto Extra, Short Robusto",False,Maduro,
Felix Assouline EGO Red Habano BXP,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 1 Rating ,"Check your EGO at the door! Beginning in 1997, Felix Assouline has been heavily involved in the cigar industry. Originally running a few retail shops down in Florida, Felix has taken his knowledge of the industry and applied it to running his own boutique brand. Now, over a dozen years later, Assouline has numerous blends handmade for him in Danli, Honduras, including today’s choice selection: the EGO Red Habano ’98. Up top, you’ll find a gorgeous red Habano Criollo ’98 wrapper leaf overtop prime Indonesian binder, and Honduran and Nicaraguan long-fillers. Presented in a soft box-press, these tobaccos are allowed to marry together most harmoniously in the aging room before arriving at your doorstep. Toasting the foot on the EGO Red, you’ll find bold notes of coffee, earth, and a hint of black pepper on the finish. A true up-and-coming brand, EGO Red is a great choice for the cigar lover who wants to try something new and exciting. ",Medium-Full,"['Gordo', 'Perfecto']",Indonesian,"Honduran, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Gordo, Perfecto",No,Criollo '98,
