prod_name,rating,rating_count,desc,profile,vitolas,Binder,Filler,Flavored,Has Tip,More Details,Origin,Pressed,Profile,Shapes,Sweet,Wrapper,Brand:
1876 Reserve,Rated 4.3 out of 5, Based on 513 Ratings ,"Even gramps would be proud.On a trip to factories in the Dominican Republic some time ago, I was offered a boatload of a really nice, smooth handmade called 1876 Reserve. I’m guessing the manufacturer either drank too much Dominican rum or his abacus was busted. Don’t get me wrong, I certainly ain’t complaining because I think under normal circumstances it would’ve cost me twice as much to buy what I bought (I better remove his name from the mailing list so he doesn’t see this later). What I do know is that this is an incredibly mellow Dominican cigar that’s well worth our ridiculous 2-fer price. In fact, the buy-in here starts under two bucks apiece! Is that too cheap? Maybe it’s me that’s getting soft in the head. Oh well, if you like easy going cigars, you’ll love this deal.",Mellow,"['Churchill', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Sumatra,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Connecticut,
1876 Reserve Maduro,Rated 4.19 out of 5, Based on 247 Ratings ,"A dark horse from 1876 Reserve.Maestro....drumroll please. And now, without further delay, enter 1876 Reserve Maduro. That's right, the fan-favorite 1876 Reserve now comes draped in a dark, juicy maduro wrapper leaf. The profile is still relatively tame, yet the darker, richer leaf adds a welcomed layer of complexity. And better yet, the price is exactly the same, right around two bucks apiece. I don't like taking credit when it's not due, but I definitely deserve a pat on the back for this one. Well-made Dominican lovelies stuffed with aged Dominican long-fillers and sporting a toothy maduro wrapper, all for pennies on the dollar. You can put this one at the top of the list for best damn value around. ",Mellow-Medium,"['Churchill', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Maduro,
3x3 Tubos by Davidoff,Rated 4.44 out of 5, Based on 16 Ratings ,"3x3 = an Unbridled Winner! There’s tons of cigars that have gone the way of the Dodo bird over the last few years… but perhaps the most sought-after blend post-disappearing act is the famed 3x3. On paper, this cigar shouldn’t work. It’s just a collection of 9 cigars, packaged in three rows of three, that each come in aluminum tubes. But the secret to this one is in the sauce! Handmade by the folks behind the famed Davidoff brand, 3x3 tubos are produced in the Dominican Republic and feature a silky-smooth Ecuadorian Connecticut wrapper leaf. Underneath, you’ll find Dominican binder and long-fillers, delivering a toasty, earthy, slightly spicy profile with a smooth finish you’ll certainly love.",Mellow-Medium,"['Churchill', 'Corona', 'Robusto']",Dominican,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Corona, Robusto",No,Connecticut,Davidoff
5 Vegas Big Five,Rated 4.22 out of 5, Based on 64 Ratings ,"High five! 5 Vegas's first new release in years is big. No, really. These suckers are HUGE. With each size weighing in at a hefty 60-ring gauge, these flavorful heavyweights are the all-you-can-eat buffet of the cigar world. And they're bulked up to contain that massive amount of flavor you'd expect from a 5 Vegas brand. Featuring a silky-smooth Ecuadorian Habano wrapper, these gems are packed to the gills with Habano tobaccos from Jalapa, Ometepe, Condega, and a pinch of ligeros from Esteli. This medium-bodied behemoth hits the spot with rich notes of earth, cedar, and a smooth finish with just a few touches of soft baking spices. Indeed, 5 Vegas delivers another home run here, ladies and gentleman. But what else would you expect from this industry classic that consistently churns out top-notch sticks at working man prices? ",Full,"['Churchill', 'Gordo', 'Torpedo']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Churchill, Gordo, Torpedo",Varies,"Habano, Nicaraguan",5 Vegas
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,Rated 4.5 out of 5, Based on 101 Ratings ,"A luxurious encore presentation.The term ’cask strength’ is a term single-malt scotch and malt whisky enthusiasts are familiar with. Cask strength refers to whiskies that are undiluted, usually creating a powerful bottling strength, high alcohol content, and ample character. That was the inspiration for 5 Vegas Cask-Strength and the blend lives up to the name....and then some.Hailing from Esteli, the cigar-making capital of Nicaragua, 5 Vegas Cask-Strength will captivate you from the get-go. Dressed in a stunning, reddish-hued Corojo wrapper from Nicaragua - one that’s dark and oozing with oils - this 6""x52 Toro is lovingly box-pressed for maximum flavor. Beneath this exquisite wrapper, a bold combination of aged ligeros from Nicaragua, Honduras, and beyond has been expertly blended. Cask-Strength opens with a feisty bouquet loaded with hearty spices. An eventful opening indeed - which prepares the palate for a deep series of oak, cedar, earth, and toast. Spicy throughout with a warm, toasty aroma, expect a full-bodied and full-flavored crescendo as you gradually approach the nub. Marvelous!Cask-Strength is also available in a 6""x60 Firkin size - with loads of extra flavor and body, this cigar is perfect for those who love big-ring value.",Medium-Full,"['Gordo', 'Toro']",Nicaraguan,"Honduran, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,Yes,,"Gordo, Toro",No,Corojo,5 Vegas
5 Vegas Classic,Rated 4.45 out of 5, Based on 751 Ratings ,"A top-seller for nearly two decades!Ain't nothing like a classic, that much is true. Behold, the original, 90-rated 'red label' 5 Vegas Classic....the popular blend that started it all for this beloved brand. It’s hard to argue with two decades of proven quality and even harder to argue with the millions of customers who’ve given 5 Vegas Classic their stamp of approval over the years. In short, this one’s a blue chip that’s somehow remained utterly affordable nearly a quarter century later. Expertly crafted by Nestor Plasencia, 5 Vegas Classic is a savory blend of Cuban-seed long-fillers from Nicaragua and the Dominican Republic paired with a dark, oily Sumatra wrapper. This virtuous combination delivers one of the most consistently delicious, medium-bodied handmades you can get. Rich and creamy notes of deep tobacco flavors mingle with hints of toast, coffee, nuts, and gentle spices on the finish. A ton of complex and satisfying nuances to satisfy even the most fancy-pants critics, eight awesome sizes, one hellaciously affordable cost to you....in short, front row quality at Uecker seat prices. This 90-rated beauty’s got all the right stuff. 5 Vegas Classic received a healthy '90' rating noting: “A solid medium bodied cigar. It is filled with complex earth flavors, and a pleasant coffee ground taste. It is also very smooth."" ",Medium,"['Churchill', 'Corona', 'Double Corona', 'Gordo', 'Lancero/Panatela', 'Robusto', 'Torpedo']",Nicaraguan,"Dominican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,Varies,,"Churchill, Corona, Double Corona, Gordo, Lancero/Panatela, Robusto, Torpedo",No,Sumatra,5 Vegas
5 Vegas Gold,Rated 4.52 out of 5, Based on 1322 Ratings ,"Solid gold.Despite the pomp and circumstance surrounding full-bodied, powerhouse cigars these days, smooth cigars still rule. Without a doubt, the uber-popular 5 Vegas Gold is the perfect example. This gorgeous creature is crafted by industry legend Nestor Plasencia with extensively aged tobaccos, including a beautiful, almost shimmering Ecuador Connecticut wrapper leaf with a rich satiny texture. This charming blend is the big easy. I’ll recite the reasons chapter and verse. Top quality tobaccos? Check. 5 year aged long-fillers? Check. Seamless wrappers? Check. Made in one of Honduras’ top factories? Check. Handsome packaging? Check. Toast the foot and take a draw. You’ll see some spirit up front: a slight nutty taste followed by some zesty peppery notes on the back of the palate. A feisty sucker! But instantly it mellows into a polished smoothness with ample creaminess. It stays utterly consistent from here on out, well-balanced with a sturdy creamy foundation, and booms out thick clouds. What a charmer! Right around medium it is, not super-mellow, but just shy of a middleweight. The fantastic “gold bar” style packaging and an astonishingly reasonable price point round it out. 5 Vegas Gold is a positively delightful blend! ",Mellow-Medium,"['Belicoso', 'Churchill', 'Corona', 'Gordo', 'Gordo Extra', 'Presidente', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Honduran,"Honduran, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Honduras,Varies,,"Belicoso, Churchill, Corona, Gordo, Gordo Extra, Presidente, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Ecuador Connecticut,5 Vegas
5 Vegas Gold Anniversary,Rated 4.67 out of 5, Based on 3 Ratings ,"A golden anniversary, the 5 Vegas way.By now, you’ve probably had a chance to try the 5 Vegas Gold. If not, let me fill you in. 5 Vegas Gold is a juggernaut. The best-selling, mellow premium quickly became one of the most popular blends in the business, and now it’s time to celebrate that legacy with the irresistible 5 Vegas Gold Anniversary line, and one of the best names in the biz when it comes to anniversary editions.Created in collaboration with Nick Perdomo and made in the same factory that brought us the 10th Anniversary Champagne, the Craft Series, and the best-selling Lot 23, this beautiful handmade cigar comes meticulously wrapped in a carefully grown Connecticut leaf, with nearly invisible seams and a satiny, smooth texture. Underneath, a well-aged blend of Nicaraguan fillers gives the smooth, mellow profile a bit of extra spice and a rich character. This cigar is brimming with complexity and nuance, the price is right, and with a name like Perdomo handling production, the word is going to spread like wildfire. It's obvious you can't go wrong with this one, so grab a box and be part of the celebration!",Mellow-Medium,"['Churchill', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,False,,"Churchill, Robusto, Toro",False,Connecticut,5 Vegas
5 Vegas Limitada 2019,Rated 4.8 out of 5, Based on 5 Ratings ,"The wait is over.Listen up! It’s that time of year again, and your eyes aren’t deceiving you. CI Nation’s favorite limited edition release is back for its fourteenth year, and it’s never been quite this tasty. I’m of course talking about the 5 Vegas Limitada, and this year the blend is a bit more complex, but just as smooth as it’s always been.This is the first year the Limitada 2019 has been rolled in a 6” x 50 toro size, and it starts with some seriously high quality tobacco: a high-priming blend of Nicaraguan and Dominican long-fillers, beneath a Cameroon binder and a delicious Nicaragua wrapper. The medium-full bodied flavors of oak, pepper, cedar, and espresso have already captivated the whole office, and has us all wishing it were a mainstay. But alas, nothing this good lasts forever, so you’ll want to act fast and grab your 5 Vegas Limitada 2019 before they’re just a pile of ash and a good memory!",Medium,['Toro'],Cameroon,"Dominican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,Toro,No,Nicaraguan,5 Vegas
5 Vegas Limitada 2020,Rated 4 out of 5, Based on 3 Ratings ,"What time is it?!? You know!For fifteen years now, we here at Cigars International have been bringing all of you in our CI Nation a limited-edition release cigar that knocks the previous year into the wind. Well, I’m happy to say that we have once again we have surpassed our own expectations with the 5 Vegas Limitada 2020!Produced in Estelí Nicaragua, this cigar takes Peruvian and Nicaraguan long-fillers and cloaks them with a dark, oily Connecticut Broadleaf wrapper creating a delicious medium to full-bodied robust flavor profile guaranteed to please the palate. Notes of leather, earth, cedar, and espresso flood the senses throughout the long, slow burn enhancing the experience. The 5 Vegas Limitada 2020 is the perfect cigar to sit back and relax with anytime of the day! It’s that time again…get your limited-edition addition before they are gone!  ",Medium-Full,['Torpedo'],Nicaraguan,"Nicaraguan, Peruvian",False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,False,,Torpedo,False,"Connecticut Broadleaf, Maduro",5 Vegas
5 Vegas Series A,Rated 4.52 out of 5, Based on 686 Ratings ,"Magnificent from A to B.Quite frankly, this has got to be one of the best handmades to ever land at CI, one that has nearly caused our cigar-crazed staff to come unhinged. Covered in a juicy Costa Rican maduro wrapper, it is breathtaking - like an ocean of dark chocolatey goodness - and will make you fumble, stumble and bumble for cutter and lighter. The toothy, dark wrapper in turn hugs a 3-country long-filler blend of 4-year-aged tobaccos, and the whole thing rests for 6 additional months after rolling. 5 Vegas Series 'A' delivers a panoply of robust, medium to full-bodied flavors, including subtle spices and coffee-like notes. The flavorful bouquet includes heavy doses of toasty earthiness served up in a rich but ultimately smooth fashion. The aftertaste is long and pleasant, featuring an enjoyable sweetness that relaxes your palate. The presentation is terrific: nestled inside an attractive, dark, Spanish cedar box, each cigar is handsomely dressed in cedar sleeves. Lastly, for just a few bucks per stick I will boldly state that this cigar may very well be the best bargain in the entire industry. If you are a fan of medium to full-bodied cigars, you owe it to yourself to pull the trigger on a box of ‘A’.Note: The 'Apex' and 'Archetype' sizes both feature box-pressed cigars.",Medium-Full,"['Churchill', 'Corona', 'Gordo', 'Perfecto', 'Robusto', 'Rothschild', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Nicaraguan,"Dominican, Honduran, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,Varies,,"Churchill, Corona, Gordo, Perfecto, Robusto, Rothschild, Toro, Torpedo",No,Costa Rican,5 Vegas
5 Vegas Triple-A,Rated 4.58 out of 5, Based on 117 Ratings ,"5 Vegas + AJ... A Match Made in HeavenI don't want to overstate it, but this cigar is an opportunity for moral improvement....something to enrich your future, broaden your horizons and elevate your standing among peers. It's widely accepted among cigar experts that your transformation from deviant to upstanding citizen will be complete after nubbing your first 5 Vegas Triple-A. I made that up. But it's true that if you like gloriously full and rich, deep and dense blends, you are gonna find Triple-A shockingly refreshing.This devilish handmade is a marvelous creation of bold, finely aged tobaccos precision blended to generate a uniquely satisfying profile. The heart of this blend is its Cuban-seed Nicaraguan ligeros. Fillers from Esteli were chosen for richness and body, Condega fillers were added to promote a dense, aromatic bouquet, and tobaccos from Jalapa contribute balance and smoothness. Together this fine recipe, when topped off with a thick and oily Pennsylvania Broadleaf maduro wrapper - a coal-black beauty that generates a rich array of searing flavors - delivers a full-flavored experience to the core, with cascading notes of oak, leather, espresso, and toasty spices throughout. A hint of sweetness lingers after each puff, just before the dense, charcoal-like aroma fills the nostrils. Each of the flavors seems to come consecutively, a series of layered sensations that hits your senses without overwhelming the palate at any given point. Man. I just re-read that. Was it over the top? All I know is I am diggin' this cigar - it's become #1 in my rotation among full-bodied 'gars. ",Full,['Robusto'],Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,Robusto,No,Maduro,5 Vegas
601 Blue Label Maduro,Rated 4.69 out of 5, Based on 26 Ratings ,"A box-press beauty from Erik Espinosa.As if 601 Serie wasn't good enough, Erik Espinosa decided to raise the bar with this maduro-wrapped lovely finished in box-pressed format. On the outside, a dark Nicaraguan maduro glistens with oils and boasts a mouthwatering, toothy texture. Inside, a robust blend of aged Cuban-seed long-leaf tobaccos marries to promote a rich, medium to full-bodied profile layered with satisfying flavors.Expect a classic combination of earth and coffee complemented by a touch of spice on the finish. Naturally, quality is top-notch with each slow-burning cigar, so sit back and savor this impressive super-premium. Stack 601 up against any other box-pressed maduro on the market — we're sure you'll be pleasantly surprised.601 Blue Label Maduro received a healthy, 93-point rating, which noted: ""A thick, box-pressed cigar with a triple-seam cap and dark, clean wrapper. The substantial draw layers the palate with a chewy, complex smoke full of dark-roasted espresso bean flavours, touches of almond, and caramel.""",Full,"['Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,Yes,,"Gordo, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Habano Maduro,601 Cigars
601 Green Oscuro,Rated 4.76 out of 5, Based on 29 Ratings ,"Another powerhouse from 601.Just when you thought 601 Serie couldn’t get any stronger, another fantastic, full-bodied brute has made its way onto the scene. Dressed in a dark, leathery Habano Oscuro wrapper from Nicaragua, this bold handmade employs an extensively aged mixture of Cuban-seed Nicaraguan long-fillers to create a real sparkplug of a cigar. Each 601 Green Oscuro is meticulously handmade to deliver a potent array of balanced flavor. Heavy in the hand and oily to the touch, the 601 Green Oscuro coats the palate with a dense bouquet loaded with rich, chocolatey flavors, coffee undertones, peppery nuances, and a long, toasty aftertaste.Great news! 601 Green Oscuro received a well-deserved, 90-point rating, noting: ""Dark and lush with good oils. This is a notably spicy perfecto with a core of leather flavors and a long finish. A medium- to full-bodied cigar.""",Medium-Full,"['Corona', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Corona, Gordo, Robusto, Toro",No,Habano Oscuro,601 Cigars
601 La Bomba,Rated 4.58 out of 5, Based on 53 Ratings ,"Insert bomb joke here.The 'bomb' jokes flow all too easy with this one, and normally I'd be joining the fun. But after seeing countless 'bomb' references strewn everywhere, I'm going to take the higher ground with a more direct approach. Introducing, the 601 La Bomba.​La Bomba hails from the mind and hands of Erik Espinosa, and just to preface something, the blend definitely isn't for the timid. Dressed in a dark, oily Nicaraguan Habano wrapper, and teeming with extra fermented, extra feisty Nicarguan ligero long-fillers, this is one of 601's strongest creations to date. About as subtle as a bull in a china shop, La Bomba has no warm up, no gradual build, it charges at you full-tilt from the very first puff. Underlying traces of red pepper, nuts, cocoa, leather and espresso all make a cameo. Full-bodied and balanced, it's no doubt one of the most intriguing handmades in the 601 portfolio.601 La Bomba has received numerous high ratings, including a 91-rating noting: ""A strong cigar with a bold, earthy combination of raw cocoa bean and salty leather. Despite its power and dense smoke, there are hints of chocolate on the finish.""",Full,"['Corona', 'Gordo', 'Robusto']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Corona, Gordo, Robusto",No,Habano,601 Cigars
601 Red Habano,Rated 4.25 out of 5, Based on 16 Ratings ,"Another gem from 601.Handmade in Erik Espinosa's boutique Nicaraguan factory, the 601 Serie Red employs a silky Nicaraguan Habano wrapper. It sorta reminds me of Cuba’s Ramon Allones Specially Selected (right down to the fur and smell). Nestled within this leaf, lies a potent blend of aged Nicaraguan long-fillers. Each 601 Red Label features dominant notes of earth and sweetness lingering on the back of the palate as waves of velvety flavor greets the senses. It's got some power, but the smoothness and balance help to mask its strength. Medium to full-bodied, and extremely well-made, you are in for a treat with the 601 Serie Red.601 Red Label Habano received a 93-rating, noting: ""A pointy torpedo whose nutty, woody core of cedar and walnuts is framed by notes of honeyed tea and a mineral finish.""",Medium,"['Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Gordo, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Habano,601 Cigars
601 Snakebite,Rated 4.71 out of 5, Based on 17 Ratings ,"Venomously flavorful 601 cigars can do anything they want. It’s true – just check out some of Erik Espinosa’s past work. From the straight-laced Blue and Red Label, to the wild Wasabi, Espinosa is a font of great ideas, and today, we’re checking out his most recent blend: 601 Snakebite. Dismiss this cigar as a gimmick and you’d be dead wrong, my friend. Snakebite is the newest premium offering from Espinosa’s La Zona factory, and it’s good. Damn good indeed. Up front with 601 Snakebite you’ll find a deep, dark Sumatra wrapper leaf that’s been aged to perfection. Joined by binder and long-filler grown in the rich, volcanic soils of Esteli, Nicaragua, it’s no wonder this stick packs so much flavor. You might be expecting a powerhouse blend here, but it’s actually more of a medium-bodied morsel. Flavors of buttery smooth spice match up with leather and dark espresso to deliver a complex and enjoyable ride. ",Medium-Full,"['Churchill', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Churchill, Gordo, Robusto, Toro",No,Ecuador Sumatra,601 Cigars
601 Steel,Rated 4.58 out of 5,,"Strong as steelHailing from La Zona – a factory claiming 2015 small operations factory of the year awards – comes another powerhouse blend from the 601 line. In this small factory in Estelí, Nicaragua, Erik Espinosa has been working hard with an excellent team of torcedores to produce boutique cigars that that have been taking 90+ ratings like they’re going out of style. 601 Steel is a Nicaraguan puro that employs a super dark Habano Oscuro wrapper atop Nicaraguan fillers and binder. With each puff you’ll be attacked by a full-body profile. Strong indeed, but easy enough on the palate to enjoy. Off the bat you’ll be barraged with red and black pepper but a few minutes in, the intensity settles and enjoyable notes of coffee, cocoa, cream, nuts, and cedar ensue. If you’re into the full-bodied boutiques, be sure to give this one a taste. ",Full,['Corona Extra'],Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,Corona Extra,No,Habano Oscuro,601 Cigars
601 White Connecticut,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 2 Ratings ,"601 Connecticut - Here to stay601 Cigars are a highly rated boutique cigar brand produced by Erik Espinosa in his La Zona Factory in Esteli, Nicargaua. From the 93-rated Maduro, to the 92-rated Habano, and the 90-rated Oscuro, they’ve created a top-notch blend for most wrapper types out there. Over the years they’ve tried a few different Connecticut blends, but they all seemed to be pulled from the market shortly after their release. Well, we’ve got some good news - 601 White Label Connecticut is back, and this time it’s here to stay.  601 White Connecticut arrives in a light brown Ecuador Connecticut wrapper with a Cuban style triple cap. Underneath this mellow leaf are stronger tobaccos. A Nicaraguan binder and long-fillers from both Esteli and Jalapa, Nicaragua. Overall, it’s a smooth medium-bodied blend that stays interesting from start to finish. There are notes of hay, wood, a slight nuttiness, and a pleasant creaminess. Packaged in boxes of 15, this cigar has all the boutique charm you want, at prices you can afford. ",Medium,"['Churchill', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Churchill, Robusto, Toro",No,Ecuador Connecticut,
A. Flores AFR-75 San Andres Maduro,Rated 4.5 out of 5,,"A blend that fully honors the legacy.AFR-75 was released at the 2013 IPCPR as a tribute to Abe Flores, blender extraordinaire from Pinar del Rio. This is a rich and full-bodied blend topped in a dark, oily San Andres Maduro wrapper. The real treat comes on the inside, however, where a gorgeous blend of rare Nicaraguan Criollo ’98, Connecticut Broadleaf, and Dominican filler leaves impart plenty of flavor. The overall character is rich, creamy, and delightful. With a limited release of just 500 boxes per year, and available in your choice of three sizes, this is one you won’t want to pass up. ",Full,"['Gordo', 'Short Robusto']",,"Connecticut, Dominican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Gordo, Short Robusto",No,Maduro,
A. Flores Gran Reserva Corojo,Rated 5 out of 5,,"This is a tribute.In the cigar world, tributes are fairly common. Blends are made to commemorate anniversaries, people, legacies, and legends. And this treasure from Pinar del Rio, first released at 2013’s IPCPR, also happens to pay homage to someone pretty darn special. This handmade is meticulously crafted in honor of Abe Flores, the man you probably know as one of the best and brightest blenders in the business. Each A. Flores Gran Reserva Corojo is crafted using a Dominican binder, a bevy of Nicaraguan Habano filler leaves, and topped in an extensively aged 2006 Dominican Corojo wrapper. The result is medium in body, rich, and creamy. Plus with a limited run it has that whole “exclusive and elusive” thing going for it. Have your fill now, or thoroughly regret it later.Note: A. Flores Gran Reserva has recently undergone a packaging update. We currently have a mix of old and new packaging, but the blend is exactly the same.",Medium,"['Gordo', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",,"Dominican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Gordo, Toro, Torpedo",No,Corojo,Pinar del Rio
A. Flores Gran Reserva Desflorado,Rated 4.74 out of 5,,"These flowers were picked just for you. Abe Flores has been studying the mastery of cigar making for years, and it’s evident with the cigar at hand. The third addition to the Gran Reserva line, dubbed Desflorado, makes use of a technique that redirects the nutrients gained from sunlight straight to the tobacco plant's leaf, by cutting off the flower off of the plant. Desflorado literally translates to deflower, and the technique’s result is immediately evident in Desflorado’s medium-bodied full-flavor.Strapped with a pristine Ecuadorian Connecticut seed wrapper and dual binders from Nicaragua and Ecuador, Desflorado is packed with supremely fermented long-fillers from the Dominican Republic and Nicaragua. This 3-country cocktail coats the palate with enjoyable notes of creamy cedar, raisin, and a very subtle spice. Try one for yourself to see just how much the Desflorado can enhance your cigar experience. ​Note: A. Flores Gran Reserva has recently undergone a packaging update. We currently have a mix of old and new packaging, but the blend is exactly the same.",Medium,"['Corona', 'Gordo', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']","Habano, Nicaraguan","Dominican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Corona, Gordo, Toro, Torpedo",No,Ecuador Connecticut,Pinar del Rio
A. Flores Gran Reserva Sun Grown,Rated 4.5 out of 5,,"Blessed by the sunA. Flores Gran Reserve Sun Grown comes from one of the hottest boutique cigar makers in the game - PDR. The medium to full-bodied blend reminds people of the Corojo wrapped version, but with less intensity. What comes through is a smooth blend with notes of cream, hay, earth, and coffee to give you an experience you won't soon forget. This is a complex and enjoyable blend that surely deserves a place on your top shelf, and CI is bringing you boxes for the lowest price anywhere. Note: A. Flores Gran Reserva has recently undergone a packaging update. We currently have a mix of old and new packaging, but the blend is exactly the same.",Medium-Full,"['Corona', 'Gordo', 'Toro']",Dominican,"Dominican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Corona, Gordo, Toro",No,"Ecuador Habano, Sun Grown",Pinar del Rio
A. Flores Serie Privada,Rated 4.5 out of 5, Based on 6 Ratings ,"So vintage.Pinar del Rio’s second release of 2012 utilizes some of the oldest tobacco on hand in the factory, which explains what makes it so good. This medium-bodied blend opens perfectly with a natural sweetness, then swiftly follows up with a kick of spice that will drive your palate wild. Serie Privada is available in two Ecuadorian wrappers – Habano or Maduro – so go ahead and take your pick. Created as a tribute to Abe Flores, a master blender responsible for a host of 90+ rated lovelies, this is one stunning handmade that will get your juices flowing.",Medium,"['Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']","Habano, Nicaraguan","Dominican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Gordo, Robusto, Toro",No,Ecuador Habano,Pinar del Rio
Abacus Cigars by Cult,Rated 4.67 out of 5,,"This Abacus equates to a fine cigarCult cigars are far from ordinary. You probably guessed that by the name. Starting out as a small boutique production at the TACASA factory in Esteli, Nicaragua, Cult has developed quite the following once word got out of the phenomenal quality put into their cigars. Abacus by Cult adds up to the same great taste and quality you expect. Featuring Nicaraguan fillers covered by a spicy Ecuador Habano wrapper, Abacus by Cult is riveted with flavor of black pepper, espresso, leather, and a hint of baking spice. Once you try a Cult cigar like Abacus, you’ll join the loyal bandwagon of this boutique brand.",Medium,['Torpedo'],,,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,Torpedo,No,Habano,Cult
ACID 20 by Drew Estate,Rated 4.75 out of 5, Based on 16 Ratings ,"20 years and they just won’t stop.20 years ago, a little cigar called ACID hit the market. If you haven’t heard of it, I’ll fill you in- It’s an absolutely delectable stick imbued with herbs, botanicals, and essential oils, with the recipe and infusion process one of the most closely-guarded secrets in the world of cigars. No one had seen anything like it and no one has been able to successfully copy them to this day, and there are tons of ACID blends to fit any palate. The ACID 20 is the latest addition to this impressive and unique portfolio, and it’s the best ACID released since the omnipresent Kuba Kuba. Featuring a sweet-tipped Mexican San Andres wrapper over an Indonesian binder and Nicaraguan fillers, this 5” x 52 box-pressed beauty is a blend truly deserving of this milestone release. The medium-bodied profile is the perfect expression of all that Drew Estate has learned from slingin’ ACIDs for 20 years. There’s nothing on the market quite like ACID, and no ACID like the 20, so make sure you grab enough to last you until their 40th anniversary release!",Medium,"['Robusto', 'Toro']",Indonesian,Nicaraguan,False,False,More Details,Nicaragua,Varies,,"Robusto, Toro",Varies,San Andres,Drew Estate Cigars
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,Rated 4.74 out of 5, Based on 1834 Ratings ,"#1 For a ReasonACID cigars always create excitement. But whether it's your cup of tea or not, you gotta hand it to Drew Estate - the ACID brand is in constant demand. No one can come close to the one-of-a-kind blends, aromas and shapes each ACID cigar provides. The tobaccos are cured in areas called cuarto aromaticos (aroma rooms) for months prior to rolling - these rooms are lined with over 150 different essential herbs, oils and botanicals imbued into the cigars over time. Handmade in Nicaragua with all natural ingredients, each ACID cigar size offers a distinct flavor and aroma. Below is a summary of each blend.ACID by Drew Estate:ACID One: non-aromatic: Cameroon wrapper; torpedoACID 1400cc: robusto in glass tubes: creamy with strong aromatic qualitiesACID Atom: maduro: medium-full bodied, richACID Blondie: small powerhouse cigar; slightly sweetACID Blondie Maduro: small maduro wrapped powerhouse; slightly sweetACID Blondie Belicoso: Blondie's delicious flavor in a larger sizeACID Blondie Red: a rich twist on the classic BlondieACID Blondie Gold: possibly the smoothest Blondie there isACID Blondie Candela: lean, mean, green machine; notes of tea and sugarACID c-notes: small cigarillos; medium-bodied and richACID Cold Infusion: smooth, refreshing tasteACID Deep Dish: rich and velvety with toasty sweetnessACID Earthiness: very full-bodied coronaACID Extra Ordinary Larry: huge size; sweet spice flavorsACID Kuba Deluxe Tubo: toro-sized Kuba Kuba; smooth and mellowACID Kuba Kuba: fat robusto; medium-bodiedACID Kuba Kuba Maduro: a rich twist on an ACID favoriteACID Kuba Kuba Candela: green, sweet and exceedingly uniqueACID Liquid: robusto; fuller, rich tasteACID Nasty: short pyramid shaped maduro; chocolateyACID Roam: creamy taste with a hint of floral aromaACID Toast: mellow and sweet; rich tobacco and black cherry notesACID Wafe: a super-thin, box-pressed blend that's big on flavorG-Fresh: A pack of 5 individually-wrapped ACID cigarsACID Plush: Broadleaf wrapped; rich & hearty, fuller flavorsCroqueta: 2 short San Andres wrapped sticks in a single tube. Plus, check out the Limited Edition ACID blend:ACID Ltd. Def Sea: ultra smooth double torpedo; best seller",,"['Belicoso', 'Churchill', 'Cigarillos', 'Corona', 'Double Perfecto', 'Gordo', 'Lancero/Panatela', 'Petite Corona', 'Pyramid', 'Robusto', 'Short Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,Varies,No,More Details,Nicaragua,Varies,,"Belicoso, Churchill, Cigarillos, Corona, Double Perfecto, Gordo, Lancero/Panatela, Petite Corona, Pyramid, Robusto, Short Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",Varies,"Cameroon, Candela, Connecticut, Connecticut Broadleaf, San Andres, Sumatra",Drew Estate Cigars
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,Rated 4.75 out of 5, Based on 449 Ratings ,"Blondies have more fun! ACID Cigars are #1 with a bullet when we're talking about the best infused cigars on the market. That's not even a question. And there's one line within the ACID brand that reigns supreme over them all — Blondie. Originally offered in a 4"" x 38 Sumatra wrapped version, Blondie has spawned tons of sequels and spin-offs, each just as delicious as the last. Featured below is the entire Blondie line. Each vitola in this chart-topping brand is handcrafted, and spends time in Drew Estate's aromatic rooms where over 150 essential oils and botanicals slowly influences the flavor of the final blend. The ACID Blondie line includes:ACID Blondie: small powerhouse cigar; slightly sweetACID Blondie Maduro: small maduro wrapped powerhouse; slightly sweetACID Blondie Belicoso: Blondie's delicious flavor in a larger sizeACID Blondie Red: a rich twist on the classic BlondieACID Blondie Gold: possibly the smoothest Blondie there isACID Blondie Candela: lean, mean, green machine; notes of tea and sugar",Mellow-Medium,"['Belicoso', 'Petite Corona']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Belicoso, Petite Corona",Yes,"Cameroon, Connecticut, Sumatra",Drew Estate Cigars
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,Rated 4.69 out of 5, Based on 87 Ratings ,"​The finest ACID yet.No cigar has built a following quite like ACID by Drew Estate. Through a unique infusion process, Jonathan Drew takes traditional cigars made with superior, aged tobaccos and carefully enhances them with select oils, herbs, and botanicals. This process produces an extremely unique cigar with savory flavor profiles and hypnotizing aromas.ACID Opulence 3 takes things up a notch, thanks to a beautiful, aged San Andres maduro wrapper that’s rich, chewy, and loaded with natural oils. Beneath this leaf, a complex mixture of vintage, Cuban-seed long-fillers from Nicaragua was blended. After a painstaking infusion process, the Opulence 3 delivers a delicious array of rich tobacco flavors with a sweet, aromatic influence. The profile is deep in intriguing flavors and satisfying from start to finish, giving you a truly one-of-a-kind experience from the creative genius of Drew Estate.",Medium,"['Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",Yes,San Andres,Drew Estate Cigars
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,Rated 4.8 out of 5, Based on 778 Ratings ,"The ACID ChampionIf you told me that Kuba Kuba was the best-selling cigar in the world, I wouldn't blink twice. Ask any cigar lover you know, and chances are they've enjoyed an ACID cigar at some point. Chances are even better that it was a Kuba Kuba. Originally offered in just one vitola, the Kuba line has now extended into a brand all by itself, with a variety of wrappers, sizes, and blends in the mix. Listed below are all of the best-selling Kuba Kuba offerings — if you've never tried this grade-A infused cigar before, now's the perfect opportunity. The ACID Kuba Kuba line includes:ACID Kuba Kuba: the original; a fat robusto, medium-bodiedACID Kuba Kuba Maduro: a darker, richer twist on an ACID favoriteACID Kuba Kuba Candela: green, sweet and exceedingly uniqueACID Kuba Deluxe Tubo: toro-sized Kuba Kuba; smooth and mellowACID Kuba Kuba Grande: limited edition gordo size; slow-burning",Mellow-Medium,"['Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Gordo, Robusto, Toro",Yes,"Cameroon, Candela, Connecticut Broadleaf, Sumatra",Drew Estate Cigars
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,Rated 3.94 out of 5, Based on 66 Ratings ,"My personal favorite in the ACID cigar line.Drew Estate's ACID cigar line is undeniably the best line of infused cigars on the market. Year after year, these blends are at the top of the charts. And Def Sea is one of the best-sellers in the whole lot. Indeed, I am not alone when I say the Def Sea is my favorite blend from Drew Estate's highly enjoyable ACID family of cigars. In fact, many believe this big perfecto is the tastiest cigar Drew Estate manufacturers. ACID Ltd. Def Sea showcases a well cured Sumatra seed wrapper. This silky and reddish wrapper leaf perfectly blankets a mixture of Nicaraguan long-fillers underneath to create a pleasant medium-bodied experience. Def Sea is infused with an exotic mixture of honey water, jasmine, and double cured sugar cane extract. The result is a masterpiece. Experience a highly unique profile layered with rich tobacco flavors, complemented by sweet, soothing aromas and nuances.",Medium,['Double Perfecto'],Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,True,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,Double Perfecto,Yes,Sumatra,Drew Estate Cigars
AFR-75 San Andres Claro,Rated 4.5 out of 5,,"Reviving the legacyAbe Flores makes tons of fantastic cigars in his Dominican Republic based factory (home of PDR cigars), but perhaps the finest blends to leave the building are the A. Flores AFRs. Only rolled by Abe’s four most-skilled torcedors, and utilizing the finest, hand-selected tobacco leaves, AFR-75 truly represents one of the most respectable blends on the market. Today, we’re looking at the Claro version of this masterpiece. Utilizing a lighter-colored Mexican wrapper leaf, AFR-75 Claro features a Nicaraguan Criollo ’98 binder and long-filler leaves from the Dominican Republic, Nicaragua, and the United States. Delivering a mixture of cream, cedar, and a slightly fruity note, AFR-75 Claro is delicious down to the nub. If you’ve ever enjoyed one of PDR’s cigars, you owe it to yourself to try the AFR-75 Claro ASAP. ",Medium,"['Churchill', 'Gordo', 'Short Robusto', 'Toro']",Criollo '98,"Dominican, Nicaraguan, United States",False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Gordo, Short Robusto, Toro",No,San Andres,
Aganorsa Leaf Connecticut,Rated 4 out of 5, Based on 3 Ratings ,"Not your daddy’s Connecticut! In the past few years, Connecticut cigars have evolved dramatically. Originally known for being mellow and not particularly flavorful cigars, today’s Connecticut blends are full-flavored while retaining their smooth and creamy body. The Aganorsa Leaf Connecticut is an awesome example of the new Connecticut trend: a flavorful and unique cigar that you can enjoy first thing in the morning. Though this cigar is relatively new, the seeds of the blend were planted back in 1998 when Eduardo Fernandez traveled to Nicaragua with a dream to grow the finest tobaccos available. Capturing the essence of Cuban cigars of old, the Aganorsa brand is now responsible for some of the best tobaccos on the planet. This Connecticut booms forward with a sweet and creamy flavor profile, along with hints of cedar and chocolate. ",Medium,"['Churchill', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Varied,Varied,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Churchill, Robusto, Toro",No,Ecuador Connecticut,Casa Fernandez
Aganorsa Leaf Signature Selection,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 3 Ratings ,"Sign here for maximum flavorThe AGANORSA farm has long been growing and cultivating premium Nicaraguan tobaccos. Indeed, if you’ve been around the block here a few times, you’ve likely enjoyed cigars featuring their tobaccos without even knowing. That’s why we were stoked when Aganorsa announced they’d be creating their own line of premium cigars a few years back, showcasing all their impressive farm has to offer. Today, we welcome one of the rarest and most sought-after Aganorsa cigars to the sunny shores of CI: the Signature Selection. Aged for a total of seven long years, each Aganorsa Leaf Signature Selection offers a rotund and unique cigar experience. That’s thanks to the small amount of medio tempo leaf included in each cigar. To put it in layman’s terms, this tobacco is a cigar nerd’s dream – super flavorful, balanced, and incredibly rare. Additionally, you’ll find a Rosado claro Corojo ’99 wrapper leaf overtop Criollo ’98 and Corojo ’99 long-fillers. Rich, sweet, and spicy, the Aganorsa Leaf Signature Selection is the full package. Good news, the AGANORSA Leaf Signature Selection has earned an awesome 91-point rating, noting; ""An attractive belicoso that smokes evenly, leaving delicate impressions of nuts, bread and cinnamon on the palate, along with salty touches of leather. The finish hints of walnut shell.""",Medium-Full,"['Belicoso', 'Corona', 'Robusto', 'Toro']","Corojo, Criollo '98",,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Belicoso, Corona, Robusto, Toro",No,Corojo,Casa Fernandez
Aganorsa Signature Maduro,Rated 4 out of 5,,"It’s been a long time coming.Aganorsa used to be a name that you’d only hear if you were on the production side of premium cigars. Having grown some of the best tobacco in the biz for decades, it was only a short time ago that Eduardo Fernandez made the jump from tobacco supplier to cigar producer. But for the last 20 years, Eduardo has dreamed of growing and producing a naturally dark maduro leaf from his best farms in Nicaragua. That dream come true is what you see adorning the Aganorsa Signature Maduro.Riding on the success of the original Aganorsa Signature, the Signature Maduro replaces the Rosado Corojo wrapper with a Cuban-seed Corojo 99 maduro leaf over Nicaraguan fillers & binder, all harvested from Aganorsa’s fields. The resulting product is excellently constructed and extensively aged, so it’s ready to pump out full-bodied notes of earth, leather, pepper, and cedar the moment it arrives on your doorstep. The original Signature received a 91-point rating and is always flying off the shelves, so grab a box of the maduro-wrapped version while you still have a chance!",Medium-Full,"['Corona Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,False,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Corona Gordo, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Nicaraguan,Casa Fernandez
Aging Room Bin No. 1,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 1 Rating ,"New Aging Room, nuff’ said.The guys who brought you the #1 non-Cuban Cigar of the Year in 2013 have reemerged with a blend that is sure to captivate the masses, Aging Room Bin #1. Hailing from Tabacalera La Palma, famed master blenders Jochi Blanco and Rafael Nodal have collaborated to design an absolute treasure. Its conception lies in superbly aged tobaccos dating back to 1999 and 2001 that have been preserved from the legendary growing region of the Cibao Valley in the Dominican Republic. Agin Room Bin No. 1 contains mature tobaccos, delivering a well-balanced cigar and producing a true medium-bodied profile with a wonderfully unique natural sweetness. The unique Cuban-seed tobaccos are the backbone of this project, acting as the filler and binder. Encapsulated by a pristine Ecuadorian Habano wrapper, Aging Room Bin #1 will be biting at its big brother’s heels in no time. Aging Room Bin No. 1 also received a 91-rating from Cigar Insider noting: ""Strong, spicy first puffs mellow out to show a meaty, leathery smoke with touches of ground peppercorn and a hint of graham cracker. Hearty and bold.""",Medium,"['Robusto', 'Toro']",Dominican,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Robusto, Toro",No,Ecuador Habano,Aging Room Cigars
Aging Room Bin No. 2,Rated 5 out of 5,,"A symphony for your taste buds.When a true connoisseur lights up a stick, they expect more than just one flavor note. A great cigar should have concerto of flavors, rolling across the palate like a marching band. The components need to work together in harmony, balancing bright treble flavors with a rich, deep, bass-like bottom, and a distinct mid-range of providing contrasts and textures that keep things interesting. That’s exactly what you’ll get with this latest release from the minds at Aging Room.The tobacco in this special release was all hand-selected and blended by Rafael Nodal of Plasencia fame, and it all originates from the volcanic soils on the Nicaraguan island of Ometepe. This unusually rich soil produces tobacco like no other, and this puro exhibits the strength and complexity so characteristic of the island. Earthy, spicy notes of leather and wood are waiting to grace your next herf, with a heavy texture and lasting finish. Grab a box today, and see what sweet sweet music Aging Room and Rafael Nodal can make. ",Full,"['Double Robusto', 'Gordo', 'Robusto']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,False,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Double Robusto, Gordo, Robusto",No,Nicaraguan,Aging Room Cigars
Aging Room by Rafael Nodal Connecticut,Rated 4 out of 5,,"The DR Gets a Little SmootherRafael Nodal — the man behind ‘Aging Room’ cigars and the 95-rated Quattro F55 blend. Altadis USA — the brains behind such successful Connecticut cigars as the Montecristo White Vintage and Romeo y Julieta Reserva Real. Today, these two minds have joined forces, putting their collaborative efforts towards producing some of the best cigars money can buy. Case in point? The new Aging Room by Rafael Nodal Connecticut. There’s some cigars you just know you’re going to love from the first glance, and Aging Room Connecticut most certainly fits that bill. If you’re constantly searching for a perfect “Sunday morning” cigar to enjoy with the news and a cup of coffee, look no further. This Dominican handmade gets the job done most handsomely with its flawless Ecuadorian Connecticut wrapper leaf delivering a perfect flavor for your first cigar of the day. Creamy and smooth, the Aging Room Connecticut finishes with just the slightest hints of black pepper. ",Mellow-Medium,"['Churchill', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Dominican,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Robusto, Toro",No,Ecuador Connecticut,Aging Room Cigars
Aging Room by Rafael Nodal Habano,Rated 4 out of 5,,"Habano – How bout yes? Since the inception of the Boutique Brand portfolio, brand owner Rafael Nodal has been obsessed with consistency and quality. This relentless pursuit of perfection carried through to all of his work, and it showed — not only was every Aging Room cigar guaranteed to give you a near flawless experience, the critics also rated the original Quattro F55 the highest non-Cuban cigar in 2013. Today, Rafael has joined forces with the folks behind Romeo y Julieta and Montecristo, but he’s kept his small-brand, meticulous-attention-to-detail mindset.Besides expanding on his successful “Quattro” line, Nodal has also decided to create a ‘Core’ brand of cigars, like the one you’re gazing at today. Aging Room by Rafael Nodal Habano is a Cuban-esque gem of the highest pedigree. Containing Dominican binder and long-fillers, cloaked by a Dominican Habano wrapper, this puro greets you with a medium-bodied profile of natural sweetness, earth, and a grassy quality.",Medium-Full,"['Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Dominican,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Gordo, Robusto, Toro",No,"Dominican, Habano",Aging Room Cigars
Aging Room by Rafael Nodal Maduro,Rated 4.83 out of 5,,"Rafael Brings the Dark ChocolateRafael Nodal, the man behind the successful ‘Boutique Brands’ line of Aging Room Cigars, is no stranger to Maduro. Just look at the success of the original F55 Maduro, a blend that’s been pleasing palates and impressing the critics for years. So when he decided he wanted to launch a new line of “core” Aging Room offerings, featuring a Maduro blend at the center, we were most certainly excited. And let me assure you — Aging Room by Rafael Nodal Maduro doesn’t disappoint. Cloaked in a milk chocolate brown Nicaraguan Maduro wrapper leaf, this Dominican handmade looks, smells, and tastes mouthwateringly delicious. From the word go, a medium to full-bodied mixture of dark chocolate, leather, and coffee bean flavors meld together in a smooth profile with a warm, toasty finish. ",Medium-Full,"['Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Dominican,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Gordo, Robusto, Toro",No,"Maduro, San Andres",Aging Room Cigars
Aging Room Pelo de Oro,Rated 5 out of 5,,"Gimme More-o of that Oro!Rafael Nodal’s name is synonymous with ‘unique’. He regularly utilizes some of the finest and most distinct tobaccos for his creations and the results speak for themselves. For the Pelo de Oro, Nodal teamed with AJ Fernandez for a truly fantastic cigar.For this handmade, a specially selected, dark Nicaraguan wrapper was carefully placed around rare Pelo de Oro fillers to create a naturally sweet flavor with a hint of spice and chocolate that will surely satisfy...but only if you can get your hands on them. When two true blend masters like AJ Fernandez and Rafael Nodal create something together, you know it won’t last long, and this small batch release is no exception. Limited quantities are available and once the last one is gone, that’s all she wrote.",Medium,['Robusto'],Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,Robusto,No,Nicaraguan,Aging Room Cigars
Aging Room Pura Cepa,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 2 Ratings ,"A purebred winner!Aging Room cigars entered the game as proven winners. Just check out the F55 Concerto – it wasn’t long ago that this 95-rated cigar was the highest-rated, non-Cuban blend of the year. Since then, the brand has grown and expanded, but has always kept its core idea the same: offering up a bevy of boutique blends that combine consistency with complexity and premium aged tobaccos. Today, we’re looking at Aging Room’s newest release, the Pura Cepa. A 100% Nicaraguan puro, Aging Room Pura Cepa featured an oily Habano wrapper leaf over a perfect blend of Nicaraguan long-fillers from Ometepe, Jalapa, Esteli and Condega. Crafted by Rafael Nodal and produced at the renowned Nestor Plasencia factory in Esteli, Pura Cepa delivers an overtly rich profile that delivers perfect harmony on every puff.Good news! Aging Room Pura Cepa has received a well-deserved 90-point rating, noting: ""This well-made robusto has a lush draw and even burn. Its earthy smoke is sweetened by touches of almonds, cocoa and honeyed wood before a black cherry finish.""",Full,"['Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Gordo, Robusto, Toro",No,Nicaraguan,Aging Room Cigars
Aging Room Quattro Connecticut,Rated 4 out of 5, Based on 1 Rating ,"Aging Room Quattro – Four Lines to LoveThe original Aging Room Quattro releases (F55 and F55 Maduro) were, arguably, two of the best blends Rafael Nodal has ever done. I mean, how many cigars can claim they were the highest rated non-Cuban blend in a year? Not many. Today, F55 has been rebranded into the Quattro line, and we’re staring down the barrel of something I’ve personally been waiting a long time for: presenting the smoothest addition to the Quattro name, Aging Room Quattro Connecticut. Handmade in the Dominican Republic and blended as a collaboration between Rafael Nodal and the folks behind such monstrously successful brands as Romeo y Juliet and Montecristo, it’s no wonder Quattro Connecticut is such a stunner. Up to, a smooth Ecuadorian Connecticut wrapper melds perfectly into Dominican binder and long-fillers to bring you a lusciously creamy profile featuring notes of roasted nuts and natural sweetness. ",Mellow-Medium,"['Churchill', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Dominican,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Ecuador Connecticut,Aging Room Cigars
Aging Room Quattro F55 Maduro,Rated 4.5 out of 5, Based on 22 Ratings ,"Rafael Nodal serves up a winnerThe Quattro F55 name carries quite the caliber. For those not familiar, this cigar was the highest rated non-Cuban on the Top 25 Cigars of the Year in 2013. It received the #2 spot, and an astounding 95-rating. And now, Rafael Nodal has crafted a maduro-wrapped version to, perhaps, his most famous cigar ever. This cigar is offered up in slim boxes of 10 that’ll keep you coming back for more. Each cigar is perfectly box-pressed, with the slight oily sheen of the Mexican San Andres wrapper highlighted on every edge. Underneath, Dominican Habano binder and long-fillers add some complexity to this maduro cigar. You’ll find notes of chocolate, earth, black pepper, and oak on every draw — in all, a worthy successor to this famous brand.  ",Medium-Full,"['Churchill', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']","Dominican, Habano",Dominican,False,,More Details,Dominican Republic,Varies,,"Churchill, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",Varies,San Andres,Aging Room Cigars
Aging Room Quattro F59,Rated 4.43 out of 5, Based on 14 Ratings ,"This blend is dressed to impress.Aging Room has come on the cigar scene like a wrecking ball, compiling high ratings and accolades like nobody’s business. Aging Room Quattro F59 is a small-batch handmade from tobacco gurus Raphael Nodal and Jochi Blanco of Tabacalera La Palma. Aging Room cigars are noted for their Cuban-esque appearance and complex flavor profile, so brace yourself, the next Aging Room is upon us.Aging Room Quattro F59 comes expertly box-pressed and features a luscious Habano wrapper sitting atop a Domicano binder and long-fillers. This magnificent example of craftsmanship is medium to full-bodied and features hearty notes of spice, wood, pepper, and leather before the spice takes a backseat and a pleasant creamy essence is introduced. Don’t wait too long to secure yourself a stockpile of these magnificent gems. ​",Medium-Full,"['Churchill', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']","Dominican, Habano",Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Dominican,Aging Room Cigars
Aging Room Quattro Maduro,Rated 4 out of 5,,"Rafael Nodal serves up a winnerThe Quattro name carries quite the caliber. For those not familiar, this cigar was the highest rated non-Cuban on the Top 25 Cigars of the Year in 2013. It received the #2 spot, and an astounding 95-rating. And now, Rafael Nodal has crafted a maduro-wrapped version to, perhaps, his most famous cigar ever. This cigar is offered up in luxurious boxes of 20 that’ll keep you coming back for more. Each cigar is perfectly box-pressed, with the slight oily sheen of the Mexican San Andres wrapper highlighted on every edge. Underneath, Dominican Habano binder and long-fillers add some complexity to this maduro cigar. You’ll find notes of chocolate, earth, black pepper, and oak on every draw — in all, a worthy successor to this famous brand.  ",Medium-Full,"['Churchill', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']","Dominican, Habano",Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,San Andres,Aging Room Cigars
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,Rated 4.83 out of 5, Based on 36 Ratings ,"Quattro Nicaragua – It was Meant to BeFrom their dominance as the highest non-Cuban rated blend according to Cigar Aficionado in 2013 to present day, the Quattro line from Rafael Nodal has been a stunner. So when we heard Nodal was teaming up with the folks behind Romeo y Julieta and Montecristo to create a new, Nicaraguan puro extension to the blend, it was needless to say we were grinning from ear to ear. Gentleman, welcome Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua. For the rooks out there, a “puro” cigar features 100% of its tobacco from the same country. So, this Nicaraguan puro is all Nica – wrapper, binder, and long-fillers. The result is exactly what you’d want: a medium to full-bodied overload of flavor, rife with crisp flavors that are peppery, zesty, and rich. The original Quattro F55 was a damn fine cigar… but this one might just take the cake as Aging Room’s best yet.Great news! The Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua has been honored as the #1 cigar of 2019! The 96-point rating noted; ""Every last leaf in this blend is Nicaraguan and every puff is an overture of flavors that’s at times heavy and rich with notes of dark chocolate and wood, and other times, subtle and understated with hints of fine caramel and toasted almonds.""",Full,"['Churchill', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Churchill, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Nicaraguan,Aging Room Cigars
Aging Room Quattro Original,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 2 Ratings ,"Turn it up a notch!What was the highest non-Cuban cigar on the top 25 Best Cigars of the Year in 2013? Which cigar took home the number 2 spot? Oh, just Aging Room Quattro Original, a small-batch boutique handmade from skilled brand owner Rafael Nodal and the folks behind brands like Romeo y Julieta and Montecristo. If you haven’t been introduced to Aging Room cigars yet, it’s high time you made their acquaintance. Made using very limited batches of tobacco leaves too small for regular production, these premium handmades are highly unique, highly in demand, and of course, highly limited in scope. Take the Aging Room Quattro Original. Sounds like a luxury sports vehicle, and perhaps rightfully so, because it performs like a dream. A flawless 2003 Sumatra wrapper leaf encircles a mix of Cuban-seed Dominican fillers and a Dominican binder. To finish, each is box-pressed and packaged perfectly. Aging Room Quattro Original received an esteemed 95-rating and was named #2 Cigar of the Year in 2013 when it was called Quattro F55, with the review noting, ""a balanced, sophisticated cigar that displays rich notes of roasted coffee bean and sweet cedar."" ",Medium-Full,"['Churchill', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Dominican,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Churchill, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Sumatra,Aging Room Cigars
Aging Room Solera Corojo,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 1 Rating ,"Pure to the boneIt’s not often I reach for a Dominican puro. Nothing against them, I just find that the Nicaraguan leaf is more my fancy these days. That is, until I experienced the new Aging Room Solera Corojo – a Dominican puro that reinvigorated Dominican tobacco. The secret? A unique aging process called “solero” that Rafael Nodal and Aging Room borrowed from Spanish winemakers. The specs here are simple — Dominican Corojo wrapper, Dominican Habano binder, and Dominican long-filler leaves. The profile — rewardingly complex. A warm, rich cedar core is greeted by notes of earth, milk chocolate, and coffee. Further into the blend, a sweet and fruity note enters the mix that stays around ‘til the end. It burns well, it tastes great, the price is right: I can’t think of a reason not to try the Aging Room Solera Corojo. ",Medium,"['Figurado', 'Robusto']",Dominican,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Figurado, Robusto",No,Corojo,Aging Room Cigars
Aging Room Solera Maduro,Rated 5 out of 5,,"A Solera in a tuxedoIf you’re scratching your head, thinking you’ve seen this cigar before there’s good news — you’re not going crazy! At least, not in this case. Aging Room Solera has been popping up around the cigar industry for years now, but it’s finally receiving a national release in four different blends, starting with Solera Maduro. A rich, medium to full-bodied cigar from Rafael Nodal and Aging Room, Solera Maduro is a treat for any boutique cigar lover. Handmade in the Dominican Republic, this cigar features Dominican binder and long-fillers, with a surprisingly smooth Mexican San Andres maduro wrapper up top. Beyond that, Solera Maduro gets its name from the aging process — one it shares with Spanish brandy, beer, and wine. The result is a remarkably dense core of flavors with sweetness, dark fruit, and a black pepper spice delivering on every puff. ",Medium-Full,"['Figurado', 'Robusto']",Dominican,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Figurado, Robusto",No,Maduro,Aging Room Cigars
Aging Room Solera Shade,Rated 4 out of 5, Based on 2 Ratings ,"Throwin' some Shade!Aging Room Solera Shade is the 4th and most recent variation of the solera line. The solera process was developed in Spain and Portugal for aging wine, beer and brandy. It is used to fractionally blend varying ages of a product so that the finished product is a mixture of all ages. Aging room uses this process to combine different vintages of tobacco and obtain a fuller flavor profile. Comprised of Dominican fillers and a silky Ecuadorian Connecticut wrapper, this beautiful medium bodied cigar produces a bounty of creamy flavors and offers a smooth and consistent draw. A complex and extravagant premium delivers an unforgettable cigar experience.",Medium,"['Figurado', 'Robusto']",Dominican,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Figurado, Robusto",No,Ecuador Connecticut,Aging Room Cigars
Aging Room Solera Sun Grown,Rated 2.5 out of 5, Based on 2 Ratings ,"Sun Grown, baby! Back in 2004, Rafael Nodal and his wife vacationed in Spain. I promise – the story gets more interesting. While there, Rafael discovered an aging process for wine, beer, and brandy called… you guessed it, the “Solera” process. And being the tobacco man he was, Nodal couldn’t wait to apply this unique aging process to premium cigars. Enter Solera: a full line of premiums from Aging Room, featuring four distinct wrappers and unique flavors across the board. The Aging Room Solera Sun Grown is a medium-bodied iteration of the blend. Once lit, you’ll find notes of maple, slight nuttiness, and a citrusy zest. It’s a bright a lively cigar, one that performs beautifully on its own, but just does as well with a nice glass of rum or bourbon to accompany it. Picking a favorite in this line would be a tough choice: but Sun Grown is certainly in the conversation. ",Medium,"['Figurado', 'Robusto']",Dominican,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Figurado, Robusto",No,Sun Grown,Aging Room Cigars
Agio Mehari's,Rated 4.36 out of 5, Based on 25 Ratings ,"Delicious quick cigars.Since 1976 Agio Mehari's have been creating smooth, aromatic small cigars that deliver time and time again. Now with an expanded portfolio of blends created to suit each unique taste, Mehari's has developed into one of the world's largest cigar brands.Java - The original Mehari's blend, this Java-wrapped beauty features a smooth, rich, timeless flavor that catapulted Mehari's to the big-time.Ecuador - crafted with rich, Ecuadorian wrapper leaf, this blend delivers a smooth, flavorful, and traditional experience. Brasil - a Brazilian Arapiraca wrapper coats this rich, aromatic cigarillo that's layered with notes of nuts, coffee, and pepper.Red Orient (formerly Sweet Orient) -  is draped in a top-grade Java wrapper, the Sweet Orient delivers an inviting array of vanilla, sweetness, tobacco, and a rich aroma. Everything about this cigar is the same, the name has simply changed to Red Orient.",Medium,['Cigarillos'],,,False,No,More Details,Europe,No,,Cigarillos,Varies,"Brazilian, Ecuador Connecticut, Sumatra",Royal Agio Cigars
AJ Fernandez Bellas Artes,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 14 Ratings ,"A Work of ArtLet me tell you all an obvious truth — AJ Fernandez makes some of the best cigars on the market. No, I’m not trying for the gold medal in the Captain Obvious Olympics. Just serving up a small reminder. From New World to Man O’ War, from Enclave to Diesel, each and every AJ blend is a delicious treat that I’d happily indulge in day in and day out. At hand today? The newest addition to AJ’s esteemed and ever-growing portfolio: Bellas Artes. The art, the box, the wrapper — everything here is flawless. Indeed, this stunner is a certified 10 for sure, and I’m not just talking about looks. Smooth and delightful, Bellas Artes reminds me of Cuban cigars of days past. Each draw delivers the perfect amount of cinnamon, cedar, sweet tobacco, citrus, and slight black pepper. No doubt it’s the work of the wrapper. Bellas Artes is adorned in a “Rojita” leaf, a hybrid creation that debuted on this amazing cigar. Possibly AJ’s finest creation to date, you owe it to yourself to secure these posthaste. ",Medium-Full,"['Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Nicaraguan,"Brazilian, Honduran, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,Yes,,"Gordo, Robusto, Toro",No,Nicaraguan,AJ Fernandez
AJ Fernandez Bellas Artes Maduro,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 2 Ratings ,"A darker work of artLet me make an obvious statement: AJ Fernandez makes great cigars. From the top-quality tobaccos he grows on his farms to the strict quality controls in his factory, the entire process is well-managed to ensure one thing: great tasting cigars with consistent performance. And while he built his empire making cigars for other brands, he has started to claim many ratings in recent years with cigars that bear his own name. Bellas Artes Maduro is his most recent release and is a follow up to the Havana art inspired Bellas Artes original. Up top it applies a dark and oily Brazilian Mata Fina wrapper over a Mexican San Andres binder and a blend of aged Nicaraguan long-fillers grown on AJ’s farms in Esteli. Just like the original, each size is crafted into a slow burning box-pressed vitola. It’s full-bodied and rich with notes of chocolate, espresso and some sweet spice. These cigars are fantastic if you’re looking for something with some power, and the artwork on the box and bands is just as pleasing. Go for a box, you won’t regret it. ",Medium-Full,"['Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Mexican,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,Yes,,"Gordo, Robusto, Toro",No,"Brazilian, Maduro",AJ Fernandez
AJ Fernandez Enclave,Rated 4.66 out of 5, Based on 64 Ratings ,"A blend this good commands your attentionAJ Fernandez. The man, the myth, the legend. AJ has been smacking the palates of thousands for years with creative, unique, and delicious blends to rival the best in the biz. It comes as no secret that he is at the top of his game, consistently delivering lip-smackers like San Lotano Oval, New World, and Man O’ War. Not enough can be said about this master-blender’s talents, so we will get right into the goods. First, brace yourself. Next, clean the drool from your chin, and finally do yourself a service and check out the newest hit from the Fernandez camp, Enclave.This pretty peach hails from the famed Tabacalera Fernandez factory in Esteli, Nicaragua. Draped in a gorgeous, reddish hued Habano Rosado wrapper leaf, Enclave sports dual bands that set an ambiance of old world Cuba from the get-go. Underneath the sheets rests a refined Cameroon binder sitting firmly atop select Nicaraguan long-fillers, including a choice Piloto Cubano strain grown on AJ’s proprietary farms. Cuban-esque to a T, Enclave boasts delicate notes of cedar, white pepper, cinnamon, and sweet spices that maintain perfect balance right down to the nub. Another secured mainstay in the humi from Sr. Fernandez, clear ample space for this treat!Enclave received a well-deserved ‘92’-rating and Top 25 Cigars of 2016 honors from Cigar Aficionado noting: “Each puff is full of earthy, bready notes punctuated by carob chips and coffee.”​",Medium-Full,"['Churchill', 'Figurado', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Cameroon,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Churchill, Figurado, Robusto, Toro",No,Habano,AJ Fernandez
AJ Fernandez Enclave Broadleaf,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 8 Ratings ,"Enclave Gets FullerSometimes it’s embarrassing when your old man is great at doing what you do for a living. In the case of AJ and Ismael Fernandez, thank God AJ has the foresight to defer to Pops every once in awhile even when he’s at the top of the game. Even though AJ is the face of the brand, his father played a vital role in the creation of the original Enclave, wisely choosing to focus on flavor over power. The newest edition of the Enclave again focuses on flavor, but adds a touch of spice that has become popular among cigar enthusiasts. Enclave Broadleaf by AJ Fernandez features Nicaraguan filler and for the first time, utilizes a Connecticut Broadleaf wrapper for a spicy finish with notes of earth, cedar, and black pepper. This one is a fantastic cigar worthy of any cigar enthusiast’s collection.Enclave Broadleaf has earned a well-deserved 93-point rating, noting: ""Wrapped in a dark cover leaf the color of bronze, this Churchill has a copious draw that envelops the palate with earthy notes of mineral, salt and leather, accented by sweet bursts of milk chocolate, anise and vanilla bean.""",Full,"['Belicoso', 'Churchill', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Belicoso, Churchill, Robusto, Toro",No,"Connecticut Broadleaf, Maduro",AJ Fernandez
AJ Fernandez La Gran Llave Connecticut,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 2 Ratings ,"AJ Fernandez… so smooth!He may be loved as the Lord of Ligero, but AJ Fernandez doesn’t just make full-bodied powerhouse blends. No sir. You see, while uber-bold cigars like New World, Man O’ War Ruination, and Diesel Unholy Cocktail are all the rage with the AJ fanboys, his Connecticut blends are actually just as good — particularly in today’s case, with the introduction of La Gran Llave Connecticut. Some of you may be familiar with AJ’s original, Mexican San Andres wrapped La Gran Llave Maduro. For those who are already a fan of the series, you’re going to find a ton more to love with this Connecticut remix. Much like the original Gran Llave, La Gran Llave Connecticut features a satisfyingly creamy core with notes of cedar, a natural barnyard/tobacco note, and slight hints of black pepper. Never overwhelming in body, but practically pouring forth in flavor, Gran Llave Connecticut is an easy recommendation. ",Mellow-Medium,"['Churchill', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Habano,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,Yes,,"Churchill, Gordo, Robusto, Toro",No,Ecuador Connecticut,AJ Fernandez
AJ Fernandez La Gran Llave Maduro,Rated 4.6 out of 5, Based on 15 Ratings ,"A grand spectacle Michael Argenti, founder of the Berger & Argenti brand, has been around the cigar industry for quite some time. Working behind the scenes on numerous brands, Argenti has now teamed up with the talent of AJ Fernandez and his factory in Nicaragua. La Gran Llave is the result, a box pressed maduro that impresses immediately on first glance. And it’s one that needs to hit your wish list immediately. A gritty (believe me, I mean this in a good way!) Mexican San Andres wrapper greets you as you open the door, with Ecuadorian Habano binder and long-filler Nicaraguan leaves. Just the right amount of give on the squeeze should tell you immediately that this stick is going to burn like a champ. Toast the foot and you’ll find dark chocolate, cinnamon, oak, and a satisfying creamy core. La Gran Llave is going to become an instant go-to for cigar enthusiasts everywhere, so jump aboard this hype train before it goes off the rails. Good news! La Gran Llave Maduro has received a well-deserved 90-point rating, noting: ""Nearly perfect in appearance, this belicoso is evenly pressed with a clean wrapper and packed with tobacco. The draw is firm, but still offers floral nutty notes, earth and a peppery finish.""",Medium-Full,"['Corona Extra', 'Double Corona', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Torpedo']",Habano,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,Yes,,"Corona Extra, Double Corona, Gordo, Robusto, Torpedo",No,Maduro,AJ Fernandez
AJ Fernandez Last Call,Rated 4.67 out of 5, Based on 3 Ratings ,"You don’t have to go home, but you can’t herf hereIf you ever get the chance to tour a cigar factory, do it in a heartbeat. If you get the chance to tour A.J. Fernandez’s world class operation in Esteli, Nicaragua, I’d recommend going even if it means you have to skip your mother-in-law’s 60th birthday party. What does that have to do with the Last Call? Quite simply, this cigar was handed out at the end of the night, normally in the 4th quarter of whatever game was on at the time, to guests staying at A.J.’s Casa Blanca house during their tour of his facilities.Since its inception as A.J.’s preferred nightcap, we’ve been getting requests to sell this cigar, and finally it has been released to the public. Handmade in Esteli, this Nicaraguan puro might be short, but you’d be crazy to think it doesn’t pack a punch. Booming forward with a core of roasted nut flavors, spice, and a unique creamy, woodsy note. Good news! AJ Fernandez Last Call has received an impressive 93-point rating, noting: ""A short, stout cigar with an uncut foot. It's a toasty, nutty smoke fortified with chewy, earthy notes and a savory, leathery finish.""",Medium-Full,"['Corona', 'Lonsdale', 'Rothschild', 'Short Robusto']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Corona, Lonsdale, Rothschild, Short Robusto",No,Ecuador Habano,AJ Fernandez
AJ Fernandez Last Call Maduro,Rated 4.5 out of 5, Based on 2 Ratings ,"It’s Last Call… er, again? Much like the film ‘biz, we’re an industry obsessed with sequels. Unlike summer blockbusters, though, cigar manufacturers have a great track record of improving upon their original releases, crafting fitting tributes and mouthwatering line extensions that oftentimes outshine the first blend. Today, we welcome the Last Call Maduro by A.J. Fernandez to CI, and I’ve gotta say, this follow-up might just be the true masterpiece of the duo. Originally crafted as A.J.’s personal final cigar of the night, Last Call was released nationally just a few years back, and it went gangbusters. Today, we’re staring down the same blend, just donned in a Pennsylvania Broadleaf Maduro wrapper that’s silky-smooth in all the right ways. Lighting this one up, you’ll be greeted with a Molotov cocktail of dark chocolate, espresso, black pepper spice, and a thick, molasses-like sweetness in the background. ",Medium-Full,"['Corona', 'Lonsdale', 'Rothschild', 'Short Robusto']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Corona, Lonsdale, Rothschild, Short Robusto",No,Nicaraguan,AJ Fernandez
AJ Fernandez New World,Rated 4.88 out of 5, Based on 194 Ratings ,"When ya comin’ home Dad? I don’t know when, but we’ll get together then.After a 17 year career with the Plasencia family, Ismael Fernandez has come out of retirement to join his son, the very well-known AJ Fernandez. Their first collaboration together, called New World, is a nod to the discovery of tobacco by Christopher Columbus and its introduction to the rest of the world in 1492. Draped in a bold, dark Nicaraguan wrapper and jam-packed with powerful ligeros from Esteli and Condega balanced by the uniqueness of Ometepe tobacco, this rich, medium to full-bodied blend offers an elegant, refined profile. Notes of earth, espresso, and a dense array of sweet and spicy notes characterize its smooth, complex profile. As it burns, the strength and flavors intensify perfectly before an exciting finale. There’s something really special with this one, and knowing how near and dear to AJ this blend is, they planned it that way all along. ​Good news! New World by AJ Fernandez has earned a well-deserved 91-rating, noting: ""The earthy, rustic notes of this dark, box-pressed belicoso become more refined and precise, showing cacao and coffee bean qualities before a finish of nuts and fruit.""",Medium-Full,"['Belicoso', 'Churchill', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,Varies,,"Belicoso, Churchill, Gordo, Robusto, Toro",Varies,"Nicaraguan, Oscuro",AJ Fernandez
AJ Fernandez New World Cameroon,Rated 4.77 out of 5, Based on 13 Ratings ,"A historic first! Ask a cigar lover to name a master blender nowadays, and nine times out of ten their first response is going to be AJ Fernandez. And for great reason. From his monumental successes with boutique lines like Diesel and Man O’ War, to his revitalization of Cuban classics like Ramon Allones, to his own core line of products like New World and Bellas Artes, AJ is truly at the top of the game. Today, we welcome one of the newest additions to his wide portfolio – the New World Cameroon. Can you believe in all his time blending, AJ’s yet to release a cigar with a Cameroon wrapper? Well, no longer. New World Cameroon features a sultry blend of tobaccos with binder and long-filler both supplied from AJ’s farms in Esteli. While the first New World was a full-bodied, all-throttle blend, this one’s a little closer to medium. Lighting it up, you’ll find tons of sweet, spicy notes perfectly balanced by the African leaf. ",Medium,"['Churchill', 'Double Robusto', 'Gordo', 'Short Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,False,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Churchill, Double Robusto, Gordo, Short Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Cameroon,AJ Fernandez
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,Rated 4.57 out of 5, Based on 47 Ratings ,"Connecticut fans rejoice!After the overwhelming success of Mr. AJ Fernandez’s smash hit New World, it was only a matter of time before a line extension was in the works. The same father/son duo teamed up again, but this time they put their focus on delivering a refined blend of a more mellow character. The result, New World Connecticut, a true gem that enthusiasts new and old can enjoy to the fullest.Unlike the original New World, New World Connecticut is not box-pressed, and the differences don’t stop there. At play is a conglomerate of vintage long-fillers from Brazil and Nicaragua. Encasing the filler tobaccos is a rugged San Andres binder, with a true U.S. grown Connecticut-shade wrapper leaf topping off this symphony of tobacco goodness. Mellow to medium-bodied, subtle notes of cream, slight spice, and cedar grow in intensity the further into the journey you get. A pure delight to enjoy, don’t be the last to grab some of these treats.​",Mellow-Medium,"['Belicoso', 'Corona', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Mexican,"Brazilian, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Belicoso, Corona, Robusto, Toro",No,Connecticut,AJ Fernandez
AJ Fernandez New World Puro Especial,Rated 4.73 out of 5, Based on 15 Ratings ,"A new world of New World? That's world news!New World Puro Especial is the newest addition to the popular New World line by AJ Fernandez. The blend was developed by AJ Fernandez and and his father, Ismael, over the course of several years using tobaccos exclusively from Fernandez-owned farms in Nicaragua, all of which have been aged three to five years. The wrapper, binder, and filler all come from different farms in order to provide different aspects to the cigar in terms or flavor, aroma and mineral qualities. While AJ is typically known for his fuller-bodied offerings, New World Puro Especial weighs in at more of a medium body. And it's a real winner of a blend. In fact, this cigar saw limited release before but AJ liked the blend so much he decided to go national with it. You can expect this gem to be medium-bodied and perfectly balanced, with notes of nuts and a sweet finish. Order a box today and be one of the first to taste this tasty Nicaraguan puro.New World Puro Especial has received a 93-rating, and earned a spot in the Top 25 Cigars of 2017.",Medium,"['Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']","Habano, Nicaraguan",Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Gordo, Robusto, Toro",No,"Habano, Nicaraguan",AJ Fernandez
AJ Fernandez Ramon Allones,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 8 Ratings ,"A stunning tributeA.J. Fernandez can do no wrong. From his boutique brands like Diesel and Man O’ War, to his flagship, larger scale releases like San Lotano and Last Call, all the way down to his reinterpretation of classic Cuban brands like Romeo and Hoyo, this man can, quite simply, do it all. And he does it all masterfully. Today, we welcome the newest A.J. tribute to a classic Cuban name, Ramon Allones by A.J. Fernandez. And, quite simply, it might be his best work to date. You see, this is a true passion project for A.J. Ramon Allones was his father’s favorite cigar brand back in Cuba, and the cigar has a long, storied history in our industry (did you know Ramon Allones was the first handmade cigar to feature a band?). To pay true homage to this historical landmark in tobacco, A.J. spared no expense, producing one of the most beautiful packages I’ve ever seen. Employing an incredibly rare medio tempo wrapper leaf, Ramon Allones by A.J. is medium to full-bodied and signs with a beautiful harmony of cedar, spice, chocolate, earth, and slight hints of black pepper.Great news, Ramon Allones just earned a stunning 92-rating and was honored as one of the Top 25 Cigars of 2018. Here's what the experts had to say: ""Each puff of this toothy cigar leaves big notes of semi-sweet chocolate, leather and cherry on the palate before a sweet finish that shows more of the same.""",Medium-Full,"['Churchill', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Corojo,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Churchill, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Habano Oscuro,AJ Fernandez
AJ Fernandez Rosa de Guadalupe,Rated 4.33 out of 5, Based on 9 Ratings ,"The Rose of MexicoAJ Fernandez makes a damn fine cigar. That’s just common sense now a days. From his core lines like New World, San Lotano and Enclave, to the many boutique brands that are made at his Esteli factory, he makes something that anyone can get behind. Rosa de Guadalupe is a new 2019 release that is well deserving of a spot in your humidor. Offered up in three expertly crafted sizes, it features a beautiful and oily Mexican San Andres wrapper leaf. The rest of the blend is entirely Nicaraguan tobaccos grown on Fernandez's farms. AJ is known to highlight the powerful Nicaraguan tobaccos in his blends, normally leaning on the full-bodied side, but Rosa de Guadalupe burns smooth offering a medium-bodied and nicely balanced experience throughout. It provides notes of earth, leather, dry spice, and bit of cedar. You can’t go wrong here, Rosa de Guadalupe is yet another tally in the win column for Tabacalera AJ Fernandez. ",Medium,"['Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",,,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Gordo, Robusto, Toro",No,San Andres,AJ Fernandez
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,Rated 4.71 out of 5, Based on 42 Ratings ,"​San Lotano comes full circle....err....full Oval.Before the Oval, San Lotano was praised by all who crossed its path. But after Oval there’s nothing left to say - this exciting new handmade says all that needs to be said.Introducing the San Lotano Oval, a completely unique blend and shape that’s all its own. Featuring a distinctively-shaped press finish that looks like, you guessed it, an oval, and a blend of tobaccos that’s equally as unique, San Lotano Oval is truly a special cigar. Sporting a toothy and scrumptious Habano 2000 wrapper and brimming with rich Nicaraguan and Honduran long fillers, San Lotano Oval is primed for flavor. Accenting the blend further is a secret filler, known only to the people at Tabacalera Fernandez. Despite its untraditional appearance, this shape perfectly complements this masterfully blended handmade, creating an amazingly smooth and balanced experience. Expect notes of leather, nuts, and spice backed by a long, rich finish. Medium to full-bodied, the Oval burns and draws spot on. Unlike anything else, and that’s a good thing.San Lotano Oval received five separate 91-point ratings, one of which earned it a spot in the Top 25 Cigars of the Year. But this one in particular says it all perfectly: ""Crafted with a very round head and ovular edges, the flat corona is rich with steady notes of leather, wood and dried cherry. The draw is even and lush throughout""",Medium-Full,"['Gordo', 'Pyramid', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",,"Honduran, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Honduras,Varies,,"Gordo, Pyramid, Robusto, Toro",No,"Habana 2000, Habano",AJ Fernandez
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Connecticut,Rated 4.47 out of 5, Based on 15 Ratings ,"​Welcome the third member of the Oval family.Hailing from master blender AJ Fernandez, it would be safe to say that expectations for San Lotano Oval Connecticut have been sky high. Especially when you factor in the success of the original Oval (recipient of five 91-ratings along with being ranked as one of the Top 25 Cigars of the Year) and Oval Maduro. The Connecticut definitely had some big shoes to fill. But when you're AJ Fernandez, exceeding expectations is your forte.For those of you unfamiliar with the concept, the Oval shape is best described as being a rounded box-press. This rare shape not only looks great, but it also makes for a cool, slow-burning experience loaded with flavor. This go round, a core of Nicaraguan, Honduran, and proprietary long-fillers, join forces with a silky Connecticut wrapper. Expect a mellow to medium-bodied profile to deliver nutty, leathery, and cedary nuances growing more intense with each billowy puff. Believe the hype and give this handmade a try. You’ll be happy you did. Real happy.",Mellow-Medium,"['Corona', 'Double Corona', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Nicaraguan,"Honduran, Nicaraguan, Varied",False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,Varies,,"Corona, Double Corona, Gordo, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Connecticut,AJ Fernandez
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,Rated 4.73 out of 5, Based on 30 Ratings ,"San Lotano Oval gets a tan.San Lotano Oval has taken the cigar industry by storm. The blend has been sizzling hot: receiving multiple 90+ ratings, named #2 cigar of the year in Cigar Journal, and has been engulfed by staggering amounts of buzz. If you have yet to try one, trust me when I say the hype is real, and the cigars deliver as advertised. Now enter the next chapter in the Oval saga, the Oval Maduro. Picking up right where Oval left off, the Oval Maduro uses the same exquisite fillers, and binder, but now comes draped in an enticing Connecticut Broadleaf maduro. This dark leaf shimmers with oily goodness, and conceals the Oval’s balanced and refined core of Nicaraguan and Honduran long-fillers. This time around, expect an uber-smooth and balanced profile, containing more predominant notes of coffee bean, leather, cocoa and pepper backed by a long and hearty finish. This sequel my friends is a rarity, and is as good, if not better than the original.  ",Medium-Full,"['Churchill', 'Corona', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Nicaraguan,"Honduran, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,Yes,,"Churchill, Corona, Gordo, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,"Connecticut Broadleaf, Habano Maduro",AJ Fernandez
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem,Rated 4.93 out of 5, Based on 15 Ratings ,"​Full bodied fans rejoice - San Lotano Requiem is here.Few cigar makers are as in demand as AJ ’Abdel’ Fernandez these days. Looking at his impressive portfolio of top-notch blends, it’s easy to understand why. Take for instance his already impressive portfolio boasting the likes of Man O’ War, Diesel, Morro Castle, and 5 Vegas Triple-A - all winners, no doubt. AJ’s highly successful blends are indicative of his ferocious passion and deep seeded desire for perfection. But now, AJ has taken his craft to another level with the first major release bearing his name, San Lotano by AJ Fernandez. A truly complete ensemble, the San Lotano collection offers something that everyone can rejoice in. Ranging from mellow to full, the new San Lotano line is sure to satisfy even the most discerning of palates. The San Lotano Requiem is the epitome of what a full-bodied cigar should be. Strong and flavorful, yet balanced and smooth, San Lotano Requiem is extraordinary. Blended using an exquisite medley of rich Nicaraguan, Dominican, and Honduran tobaccos, the Requiem is anything but boring. Accompanying the complex blend is an extremely rare Brazilian-grown Habano wrapper, available to merely two manufacturers in the world. Together, the unique wrapper and fillers strike a resounding accord of flavor, body, and complexity. Once lit, the Requiem graces your palate with nuances of wood, leather, and spice. Expect an even burn accompanied by an easy draw and long finish. Easily one of AJ’s best blends yet!",Full,"['Churchill', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Churchill, Robusto, Toro",No,Habano,AJ Fernandez
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Connecticut,Rated 4.69 out of 5, Based on 13 Ratings ,"San Lotano Requiem Connecticut: a welcomed addition to AJ’s repertoire.Few cigar makers are as in demand as AJ ’Abdel’ Fernandez these days. Looking at his impressive portfolio of top-notch blends, it’s easy to understand why. Take for instance his already impressive portfolio boasting the likes of Man O’ War, Diesel, Morro Castle, and 5 Vegas Triple-A - all winners, no doubt. AJ’s highly successful blends are indicative of his ferocious passion and deep seeded desire for perfection. But now, AJ has taken his craft to another level with the first major release bearing his name, San Lotano Requiem by AJ Fernandez. A truly complete ensemble, the San Lotano Requiem collection offers something that everyone can rejoice in. Ranging from mellow to full, the new San Lotano line is sure to satisfy even the most discerning of palates. Known mainly for medium to full-bodied gems, AJ Fernandez delivers a refreshing change with his new San Lotano Requiem Connecticut. Mellow-medium bodied, but brimming with ample flavor and complexity, this San Lotano Requiem is elegant, refined, and highly enjoyable. Bursting from within lie premium, well-aged Nicaraguan and Dominican long-fillers, all hugged by a rich Honduran binder. To finish the ensemble, San Lotano Requiem Connecticut is draped in a velvety Ecuadorian Connecticut shade wrapper. The end result is a flavorful and smooth experience that you'll enjoy any time of day. Expect notes of cream, nuts, wood, and buttery-smooth finish. Have one for breakfast, lunch, or dinner. Or, take my advice and burn  'em all day long - you won’t be disappointed.",Mellow-Medium,"['Churchill', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Churchill, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Ecuador Connecticut,AJ Fernandez
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Maduro,Rated 4.83 out of 5, Based on 12 Ratings ,"A meticulously crafted maduro, San Lotano Requiem Maduro.Few cigar makers are as in demand as AJ ’Abdel’ Fernandez these days. Looking at his impressive portfolio of top-notch blends, it’s easy to understand why. Take for instance his already impressive portfolio boasting the likes of Man O’ War, Diesel, Morro Castle, and 5 Vegas Triple-A - all winners, no doubt. AJ’s highly successful blends are indicative of his ferocious passion and deep seeded desire for perfection. But now, AJ has taken his craft to another level with the first major release bearing his name, San Lotano Requiem by AJ Fernandez. A truly complete ensemble, the San Lotano Requiem collection offers something that everyone can rejoice in. Ranging from mellow to full, the new San Lotano Requiem line is sure to satisfy even the most discerning of palates. The Maduro variety of San Lotano Requiem features a dark, oily San Andres maduro wrapper balanced by a blend of premium Nicaraguan and Honduran long-fillers. The end result is a luxurious experience as rich, chocolaty, slightly sweet, and creamy flavors are delivered through billowy layers of thick, flavorful nuances. Medium in body, but loaded with flavor the San Lotano Requiem Maduro is dee-lish. And for added intrigue, I've heard quite a few accounts that mention San Lotano Requiem Maduro's eerie resemblance to Padron Anniversary. I don't disagree.",Medium-Full,"['Churchill', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Honduran Broadleaf,"Honduran, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,Yes,,"Churchill, Gordo, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,San Andres,AJ Fernandez
AJ Fernandez San Lotano The Bull,Rated 4.67 out of 5, Based on 6 Ratings ,"Take this bull by the horns.I won't beat around the bush. San Lotano The Bull is good, real good. A few words that come to mind are: fantastic, delicious, extraordinary, any of the aforementioned will do. And that's no errr....bull. Crafted by A.J. Fernandez in Esteli, Nicaragua, The Bull is the San Lotano that charges at you from the very first puff. The great news here is, The Bull isn't just a bunch of hype. Instead, it takes the higher ground with an all substance approach. To craft The Bull, an extensively aged, and hearty core of Nicaraguan long-fillers are nestled beneath an Ecuador Sumatra wrapper. Firm in the hand, this well-made cigar unleashes a medium to full-bodied profile. Strong, yet smooth, the senses are greeted with oak, coffee, leather, and spices. The cherry on top is a wonderful box-pressed finish. The Bull is the San Lotano you've been waiting for, and as I see it you've got two options. You can click the back button and retreat, or man up and run with the bull. ",Medium-Full,"['Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,Yes,,"Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Ecuador Sumatra,AJ Fernandez
Al Capone,Rated 4.65 out of 5, Based on 43 Ratings ,"""I am like any other man. All I do is supply a demand.""Named after the infamous Chicago gangster, Al Capone cigarillos are mellow and affordable with a pleasantly sweet taste. Available in your choice of several delicious flavors, these delightful small cigars are consistent and easy to love. Keep them on hand for when you need a quick pick-me-up for a price that can’t be beat. And, if you have a bit more time on your hands, these pair quite nicely with a stiff drink. Note: Al Capone Cigarillos are a premium, hand rolled product.",Mellow,['Cigarillos'],,,False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,Cigarillos,Varies,Indonesian,
Alec & Bradley Blind Faith,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 3 Ratings ,"The new generation of Alec BradleyA little family history lesson for you – Alec Bradley is not a real person, but rather two. These are the names Alec Bradley Cigar Company’s founder, Alan Rubin, two sons. When Alan Rubin first started the company, they were just kids. But over the past 20 years, they have grown up in the business, learned the heritage, the tradition, techniques, and found a love for tobacco on their own. And Alec & Bradley Blind Faith is the first blend they have created on their own.It starts out with a deep brown Habano wrapper grown in Trojes, Honduras. Underneath is a double binder combination from Honduras and Nicaragua that creates a sturdy, slow burning cigar. The meat is a three-leaf combination or Nicaraguan long-fillers. Medium to full-bodied, Blind Faith provides an evolving cadence of personality. A strong spicy note off the bat gives way to flavors of pepper, nuttiness, and earthiness. If Alec & Bradley’s first crack at a premium cigar blend is and inclination of the future, more good things are to come. ",Medium,"['Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']","Honduran, Nicaraguan",Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,"Gordo, Robusto, Toro",No,"Habano, Honduran",Alec Bradley
Alec & Bradley Gatekeeper,Rated 4.8 out of 5, Based on 5 Ratings ,"A new line from the future of the cigar industry.Alan Rubin has built quite a beat with his Alec Bradley line. Receiving numerous 90+ ratings and and earning a spot in humidors all over the world, it’s been very exciting to see what Alan has up his sleeves. But this release from Alec Bradley isn’t about Alan, it’s about his company’s namesake. Alec & Bradley are Alan’s sons, and fans of Rubin’s work have been patiently waiting to see what the boys would bring to the industry when they came of age and joined their father in the family business in earnest. Their first venture into premium handmades was a limited release called Blind Faith, and the first batch quickly sold out. Their second is called Gatekeeper, and trust me when I say, the brothers are already at the top of their game.Gatekeeper comes dressed in an Ecuador Habano wrapper over a Nicaraguan binder, with fillers from the Dominican and Nicaragua. Its smooth, rich profile is accentuated by notes of cedar, nuts, and leather, and the construction is what you would expect from the factory that produces such great sticks as the Prensado. This cigar is the result of a great man passing along his wealth of knowledge and skill to the next generation. Judging by the excellent results, our industry has nothing to worry about.",Medium,"['Corona', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Nicaraguan,"Dominican, Nicaraguan",False,False,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,"Corona, Gordo, Robusto, Toro",No,Ecuador Habano,Alec Bradley
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,Rated 4.27 out of 5, Based on 579 Ratings ,"​Alec Bradley cigars are scorching hot, ranking among the highest rated handmades on the market today. These are legit 2nds from the brand's 90+ rated blends only. Tempus, Prensado, Family Blend, etc. Each burns and tastes just like their high-end firsts, but were sorted from the packaging line due to minor imperfections or slight variations in wrapper color. I'm still sworn to secrecy as to which is which, but I think you'll easily figure it out.NOTE: The sizes listed below are only guidelines. Since these are 2nds, they sometimes come in varying sizes. ",Medium-Full,"['Churchill', 'Corona', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Short Robusto', 'Toro']",,,False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,"Churchill, Corona, Gordo, Robusto, Short Robusto, Toro",No,Habano,Alec Bradley
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,Rated 4.52 out of 5, Based on 87 Ratings ,"American Classic Blend, a classic all American cigar.Alec Bradley American Classic Blend is crafted in Nicaragua to replicate the classic taste of old-style, Tampa-made premiums. To craft the American Classic Blend cigar, an aged recipe of long-fillers from Nicaragua is secured inside a bold Nicaraguan binder, then cloaked by a lovely Connecticut-seed Honduran wrapper. The flavor is mellow to medium-bodied — smooth, and teeming with satisfying flavors. A rich core of tobacco is complemented by sweet notes, nuts, and a touch of coffee, while the finish is long, woodsy, and soothing on the palate. Complex yet tame, the American Classic Blend from Alec Bradley is fit (and priced) for daily enjoyment.",Medium,"['Churchill', 'Corona', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Churchill, Corona, Gordo, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Honduran Connecticut,Alec Bradley
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,Rated 4.46 out of 5, Based on 156 Ratings ,"​A Nicaraguan puro with American spirit.Since its release, the Alec Bradley Ameri​can Classic has been a hit, a winner through and through. Carefully blended by Alan Rubin, the line now has a new member of the family, and it's a home-run. Enter the new Alec Bradley American Sun Grown. This Nicaraguan puro utilizes the same Nicaraguan long-fillers as the American Classic, but now comes nestled inside a beautiful Nicaraguan sun-grown habano wrapper. This leaf imparts a heartier, spicier, and overall richer character, while retaining the smooth balanced core that made the American Classic so enjoyable. Medium to full in body, the Sun Grown is complex yet smooth, and dishes out notes of black pepper, cedar, and nuts with a slight sweetness occasionally entering the fray. No doubt a more robust offering, the Sun Grown hits its mark, proving that sometimes the simplest ideas have the best results. Good news! Alec Bradley American Sun Grown has received a well-deserved 91-point rating, noting: ""Though the draw is notably firm, the cigar still produces a rich foundation of leathery, earthy notes complemented by sweet hints of toffee and a nutty, cashew-like finish.""",Medium-Full,"['Churchill', 'Corona', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Churchill, Corona, Gordo, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Sun Grown,Alec Bradley
Alec Bradley Black Market,Rated 4.63 out of 5, Based on 70 Ratings ,"So good, it should be illegal.When Alan Rubin commits to a project, quality standards of the highest decree are implemented, sparing no resource in the process. As a result, Alan Rubin, the founder of Alec Bradley cigars, has bee​n churning out delectable blends since 1997. His prestigious line is continually receiving countless praise from the nation’s top cigar advocates - Cigar Aficionado, Cigar journal, Cigar insider (you get the point). Bragging about his innumerable 90+ ratings almost feels arbitrary....almost. So in short, Alan Rubin’s masterful blends are good. Scratch that, great.A superb release from Alec Bradley, Black Market was launched at the 2011 IPCPR tradeshow (a festival for industry geeks). This 4-country blend is jam-packed with Jamastran, Honduras and Panamanian long-fillers, capped off by a lively Sumatra binder and powerful Nicaraguan wrapper leaf. Upon first lighting, the blend burns with purpose. Unique and satisfying arrays of flavors greet your palate, as spice, pepper, and peaty undertones finish the ensemble. With a long dry finish, and slow burn, the Black Market cigar is a finger burner. Alec Bradley Black Market received a well-deserved 90-rating, noting: ""This cigar is draped in a dark, alluring wrapper. Each puff unfolds sweet notes of chocolate around a hearty core of coffee bean. The finish hints of rum cake and minerals.""",Medium,"['Churchill', 'Gordo', 'Perfecto', 'Petite Corona', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Sumatra,"Honduran, Nicaraguan, Panamanian",False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,"Churchill, Gordo, Perfecto, Petite Corona, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,"Honduran, Maduro, Nicaraguan",Alec Bradley
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,Rated 4.66 out of 5, Based on 50 Ratings ,"Black Market gets spicierAre you on the hunt for an unforgettable cigar experience? Alan Rubin of Alec Bradley cigars works to create just that for any enthusiast. His portfolio of cigars are crafted of top-notch tobaccos and receive rave reviews again and again. The latest and greatest premium of the bunch is the bolder Black Market Esteli. Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli is the long-awaited sequel to the 90-rated Alec Bradley Black Market. A high-quality crafted cigar, just like you've come to expect from Alec Bradley's line, offers complex notes of leather, pepper, and cocoa. Full-flavored and featuring a four-country blend of Central American tobaccos and a Nicaraguan wrapper, this is sure to be one for the history books. Great news! Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli has earned an impressive 93-point rating along with being named the #9 Cigar of the Year, noting: ""A rich combination of savory and sweet, this oily torpedo is loaded with earthy, leathery notes balanced by undercurrents of raisin and cocoa. Delicious and satisfying.""",Full,"['Churchill', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']","Honduran, Nicaraguan",Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,Varies,,"Churchill, Gordo, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",Varies,Nicaraguan,Alec Bradley
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,Rated 4.44 out of 5, Based on 87 Ratings ,"This one’ll steal your heart.The wisest men among you may recall Black Market – a medium-bodied masterpiece from Alan Rubin that was introduced way back at the 2011 IPCPR tradeshow. Well, ever since then I’ve been hearing nothing but praise for this fine specimen, and those same lads have been begging and pleading for more. Ask and ye shall receive, gentlemen! Adding to his vast portfolio of 90+ rated beauties, Monsieur Rubin has come to...shall we say...turn up the volume on this revered blend. I present to you: Black Market Vandal.The components may look familiar – 4-country blend of long-fillers, stimulating Sumatra binder, and hearty Nicaraguan wrapper leaf. This is all carried over from the original version. But here’s where things get interesting: included in that long-filler mix is a super-charged, super-secret, extra special tobacco leaf that ratchets up the intensity big time. Tremendous notes of spice and pepper explode on the palate, and culminate in a long, lingering finish. If you loved Black Market, then you’re gonna worship Black Market Vandal. And if you’ve never tried either... sorry to hear it. Here’s your chance to rectify that situation, pronto. ​",Full,"['Belicoso', 'Perfecto', 'Toro']",Sumatra,"Honduran, Nicaraguan, Panamanian, Varied",False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,"Belicoso, Perfecto, Toro",No,"Maduro, Nicaraguan",Alec Bradley
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,Rated 4.3 out of 5, Based on 33 Ratings ,"Black Market pulls a hat trickWay back in 2011, Alan Rubin introduced the Alec Bradley Black Market to the world at the yearly IPCPR in Las Vegas. Since then, the medium-bodied stunner has gone on to win a couple awards, and spawn a couple sequels. First up, we had Black Market Vandal — a super-charged and uber-flavorful blend imbued with an extra-special ligero strain that amped up the flavor in droves. Today, we take a look at Black Market’s mellower side with Vandal The Con, the first Connecticut-wrapped Black Market. The crazy packaging and gray and green color scheme might make you think Vandal The Con is a gimmick, a cigar that spent all its time on marketing and none on the blending. But you’d be dead wrong. Vandal The Con is one of the smoothest cigars I’ve ever sampled from the AB crew, thanks to its silky smooth Honduran Connecticut wrapper leaf. Each puff delivers sweet spice, creamy cedar, and slight nuttiness – a most enjoyable combination, at a price that could easily demand twice as much.",Mellow-Medium,['Toro'],Honduran,"Honduran, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,Toro,No,Honduran Connecticut,Alec Bradley
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,Rated 4.5 out of 5, Based on 26 Ratings ,"Relax while you can.It’s pretty much standard operating procedure that when you welcome a new bundle of joy into your life, you mark that occasion by passing out cigars. These handmade beauties from Alec Bradley are not the usual “new baby” cigars, these are actually good. So before the real work begins, sit back and relax while you can, and enjoy a premium handmade cigar from one of the top manufacturers in the biz.Alec Bradley It’s a Boy/Girl cigars come wrapped in a gorgeous, elegant Connecticut leaf and are flavorful medium-bodied sticks. Coming in either a blue it’s a boy or pink it’s a girl band, each cigar will tempt you with its creamy nuances and seductive aroma. These cigars can be enjoyed by the grizzled cigar vet or cigar newbie.​",Mellow-Medium,['Toro'],,"Honduran, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,Toro,No,Connecticut,Alec Bradley
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,Rated 4.44 out of 5, Based on 41 Ratings ,"Toes in the sand, Alec Bradley in-hand.What’s more relaxing than kicking your feet up with a good, mellow cigar? Almost nothing, but what if I told you that cigar could transport you from your ho-hum patio to the shores of the Caribbean, until you can practically feel the waves lapping at your legs and the warm sun on your face? Most of us can only take one or two beach trips a year if we’re lucky, but with the new Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask Cigars, you can enjoy the tastes of paradise every day.Wearing a silky smooth Connecticut-shade wrapper securing well-aged long-fillers carefully infused with a splash of Caribbean rum, you’ll forget about the stresses of the daily grind the second you light up an Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask. Mellow, well-constructed, and satisfyingly sweet, keep a box on hand any time you need a miniature vacation, flip-flops and straw hat optional!",Mellow,"['Churchill', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",,,False,,More Details,,Varies,,"Churchill, Gordo, Robusto, Toro",Varies,Connecticut,Alec Bradley
Alec Bradley Connecticut,Rated 4.4 out of 5, Based on 15 Ratings ,"Connect with Alec Bradley.Say hello to Alec Bradley Connecticut. Sounds kind of generic I know, but the good news is the Connecticut boasts an array of big-time flavors, all while remaining pleasant and tame in body. If you love a fine Connecticut cigar, look no further than this one. Dressed in a seamless Ecuadorian Connecticut shade wrapper, and chock full of Honduran and Nicaraguan long-fillers, Connecticut produces a highly satisfying mellow to medium-bodied experience. Plumes of creamy and cool flavor coat the palate as notes of cedar, nuts, and toast enter the fray before a slightly sweet finish. Or, to keep it simple — it tastes really damn good.Good news, Alec Bradley Connecticut has earned a well-deserved 90-point rating, noting: ""An attractive-looking cigar with a three-seam cap. Its smoke shows nutty and spicy impressions alongside touches of citrus and sweet wood. The long finish hints of caramel.""",Mellow-Medium,"['Churchill', 'Corona', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Honduran,"Honduran, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Churchill, Corona, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Ecuador Connecticut,Alec Bradley
Alec Bradley Connecticut Fumas,Rated 4 out of 5, Based on 1 Rating ,"You already know Alec Bradley as a top-name in premium, affordable handmade cigars, and now you can get that same experience for pennies on the dollar with Alec Bradley Fumas! These sticks use the same high-quality blend as their originals, but may show a blemish here and there that kept them from making the final cut. But once you light up, you’ll agree that these Fumas are the real deal.The Fumas Connecticut is wrapped in a silky-smooth Ecuador Connecticut leaf, covering fillers from Nicaragua and Honduras. You’re in for a mellow-medium bodied profile, with creamy nuances of cedar and roasted nuts, with a toasty finish.",Mellow-Medium,"['Churchill', 'Gordo', 'Robusto']",Honduran,"Honduran, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,"Churchill, Gordo, Robusto",No,Ecuador Connecticut,Alec Bradley
Alec Bradley Coyol,Rated 4.58 out of 5, Based on 117 Ratings ,"Another stud is added to the Alec Bradley arsenal!Picking a favorite is hard, but I think it's safe to say Coyol is my #1 Alec Bradley blend. A classic, retro-feeling brand that’s bold and complex, Alec Bradley Coyol features a Honduran wrapper plus Nicaraguan and Honduran long-fillers with unique tobaccos from a farm named Coyol, giving this robust blend a one-of-a-kind taste. Known for the highest of quality control and its numerous 90-plus-rated hit-makers such as Prensado and Tempus, Coyol hails from the Raices Cubanas factory of Honduras. The Coyol farm became the inspiration behind this blend after AB owner Alan Rubin fell in love with the aroma and taste of the tobaccos that this revered farm produces. This celebrated tobacco can be found in every aspect of the Coyol blend. Wrapper, binder, and filler all have Coyol farm tobaccos making an appearance. A bold, medium-bodied profile with notes of earth, leather, and spice flourish around the palate from first light. Subtly sweet notes of cherry and nutmeg are also present on the finish. Yet another masterpiece from Alec Bradley…par for the course these days.Alec Bradley Coyol received a well-deserved 93-rating and was named the #18 Cigar of 2016 noting: ""Malty and rich flavors with a floral quality complimented by layers of cocoa, honey and cloves. The draw and burn are lush and flawless."" ​​",Medium-Full,"['Churchill', 'Gordo', 'Lancero/Panatela', 'Robusto', 'Toro']","Honduran, Nicaraguan","Honduran, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,"Churchill, Gordo, Lancero/Panatela, Robusto, Toro",No,Honduran,Alec Bradley
Alec Bradley Magic Toast,Rated 5 out of 5, Based on 6 Ratings ,"Buttery smooth!Ever since he hit the #1 Cigar of the Year with Prensado, you’d guess that Alan Rubin (the founder and chief mind behind Alec Bradley) is blessed. Blend after blend, year after year, his cigars continue to grow in popularity… and the critics continue to love them too, doling out 90+ ratings by the dozen. Today, we shine the spotlight on a release from the 2018 IPCPR trade show: Magic Toast. And to clarify, we’re talking toast of the whiskey kind, not rye or sourdough. A strange name to be sure, but one with meaning: Magic Toast is named after a drink shared in one of Honduras’s tobacco fields. But I wouldn’t blame you for thinking it references the blend — this buttery-smooth cigar features a unique mixture of natural tobacco sweetness, chocolate, and hints of cedar. A blend of Honduran and Nicaraguan tobaccos, Magic Toast fits right into the rest of the AB portfolio, and I’m guessing it’ll find a place in your humidor most easily. ",Medium-Full,"['Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']","Honduran, Nicaraguan","Honduran, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Honduras,Varies,,"Gordo, Robusto, Toro",Varies,Honduran,Alec Bradley
Alec Bradley MAXX,Rated 4.53 out of 5, Based on 74 Ratings ,"Enjoy the true personality of Alec Bradley cigars.MAXX cigars were designed to deliver an eventful character that is balanced and far from overwhelming. Cloaked by a dark Nicaraguan maduro leaf, a complex, 4-country blend of tobaccos is bound by a tasty Co​sta Rican Binder. The complex cocktail of countries in this charmer includes: Colombia, Nicaragua, Honduras and Mexico. The result is a medium to full-bodied blend that's rich and smooth as silk from the get-go, but filled with toasty, earthy flavors and a natural sweetness on the lingering aftertaste.Despite the wonderful array of flavors and aroma, what's most striking about MAXX is the lineup of sizes. Each cigar within the line is quite large, maximizing flavor and strength inside a long, luxurious experience.MAXX also received numerous 90+ ratings, including a well deserved '91' rating, stating: ""It has a sweet wood flavor, with toast and spice notes, and it continues to improve as it's puffed.""",Medium-Full,"['Corona', 'Gordo', 'Toro']",Costa Rica,"Colombian, Mexican, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Corona, Gordo, Toro",No,Nicaraguan,Alec Bradley
Alec Bradley Medalist,Rated 4.75 out of 5, Based on 16 Ratings ,"“To be the best, you have to beat the best.” The quote above is a direct response from Alec Bradley’s founder, Alan Rubin, when asked about Medalist. It’s a spirit that the folks at Alec Bradley have always carried, especially since they earned the #1 Cigar of the Year spot a few years back. Constantly tinkering, innovating, and asking themselves how they can do better, Alec Bradley releases winner after winner on a most consistent basis. Today, we shine the spotlight on the latest trophy in their case, Alec Bradley Medalist. Showcasing a stunning Honduran puro blend, Medalist pays homage to Alec Bradley’s roots. Known today for their medium to full-bodied blends, Medalist reminds us of a day where mellower cigars ruled the roost – and does so most impressively. Toasting the foot on these Connecticut wrapped perfections, you’ll find a warm and toasty flavor profile, complemented by soft cedar notes, and an enjoyable creaminess that stays with you down to the nub.",Mellow-Medium,"['Churchill', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro']",Honduran,"Honduran, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,"Churchill, Gordo, Robusto, Toro",No,Honduran,Alec Bradley
Alec Bradley Mundial,Rated 4.51 out of 5, Based on 89 Ratings ,"A global sensation.Even though it took Alec Bradley almost five years to complete Mundial, it was well worth every hard-earned day. This blend hung out on the back burner for years, making way for hits such as Prensado, Cigar Aficionado’s Cigar of the Year in 2011. As for Mundial, the timing was never just right....Until now.Make way for this incredibly special blend, featuring a careful mix of four distinct fillers from Nicaragua and Honduras with a generous amount of ligero and two binders – one Honduran, one Nicaraguan. The wrapper leaf is a thing of beauty, a stunner from the Trojes region of Honduras. Besides just the blend, the shape of this handmade is a real standout, with all sizes being rolled in the perfecto shape. All in all, Mundial is worth the wait, and it showed up right on time.Alec Bradley Mundial has been awarded with an impressive 92-rating, noting: ""Full of meaty, rich intonations, this cigar also imparts a pleasant minerality before a spicy, leathery finish. It’s well rolled with a pointed foot and dark wrapper.""",Full,['Perfecto'],"Honduran, Nicaraguan","Honduran, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Honduras,No,,Perfecto,No,Honduran,Alec Bradley
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,Rated 4.59 out of 5, Based on 68 Ratings ,"​Alec Bradley's first Nicaraguan puro.The Nica Puro marks the first Alec Bradley cigar crafted with all Nicaraguan tobaccos. Surprising, I know, especially when you consider the impressive slew of 90+ rated blends now under the Alec Bradley​ umbrella. But that's neither here nor there - what is important is that the Nica Puro hits all the right keys in typical Alec Bradley fashion.Medium-bodied, well-balanced and rich, the Nica Puro is everything a Nicaraguan cigar should be. It all starts with an extensively fermented Nicaraguan Habano wrapper, glistening with oils and soft to the touch. Just beneath this leaf, a bold yet balanced core of Nicaraguan long-fillers secured by a Nicaraguan binder. This all-Nicaraguan cast of tobaccos strikes up bevy of chewy hearty flavor. Hints of leather, cocoa, nutmeg, toast and roasted nuts wash over the palate, before a long satisfying finish. This may be Alan Rubin's first Nicaraguan puro, but it sure is good.Nica Puro is the proud wearer of numerous 90-ratings. One review noted, ""Rich notes of leather and raisin make this dark and oily cigar a solid performer. The draw imparts copious amounts of lush, flavorful smoke.""",Medium-Full,"['Churchill', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Short Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Churchill, Gordo, Robusto, Short Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Habano,Alec Bradley
Alec Bradley Nica Puro Rosado,Rated 4.47 out of 5, Based on 17 Ratings ,"The sequel suprasses the originalI don't know how they do it, but the crew at Alec Bradley cigars consistently churns out one delicious blend after another. High ratings are the norm for the boutique brand — including the 96-rated Alec Bradley Presnsado and 90-rated Nica Puro, and each cigar they release seems to earn higher marks across the board. Nica Puro Rosado represents an evolution for the brand. A Nicaraguan double binder and core of long-fillers from Nicaragua's 3 main growing regions — Jalapa, Condega, and Esteli — are blanketed by a golden Nicaraguan Rosado wrapper. This medium to full-bodied morsel delivers flavors of nuts, chocolate, leather, and spice, with each flavor remaining balanced and complementary. Taste the next incarnation of the highly-rated Alec Bradley Nica Puro, and order this delicious blend today. ​This blend earned multiple '91'-ratings, with one noting: ""A blend-blueprint of dense double-binders and tobaccos from three growing regions of Esteli will satisfy both novice and complex palates alike. A truly 'essential' experience."" ",Medium-Full,"['Churchill', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Short Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Nicaraguan,Nicaraguan,False,No,More Details,Nicaragua,No,,"Churchill, Gordo, Robusto, Short Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Nicaraguan,Alec Bradley
Alec Bradley Occidental Reserve,Rated 4.52 out of 5,,"Take advantage of our occident-ally low prices.Take flight in the way-back machine to around the year 2000 and you can witness the birth of the Occidental Reserve and the launching of a now legendary brand.  Alec Bradley Occidental Reserve was the first truly premium offering from the newly formed Alec Bradley cigars and paved the way for this boutique brand’s enduring success.Named for Henke Kelner’s (blender of Avo and Davidoff) Dominican cigar factory, Occidental Reserve is sheathed in a silky Ecuador Connecticut Shade wrapper sitting atop Dominican Olor, Piloto, and San Vicente long-fillers. Mellow to medium-bodied, you’ll experience hints of cream, tasteful spice, cedar, and earth which set the table for an enjoyable cigar. Take advantage of our ludicrous pricing and scoop up a couple bundles before they’re gone. ​",Mellow-Medium,['Gigante'],Connecticut,Dominican,False,No,More Details,Dominican Republic,No,,Gigante,No,Ecuador Connecticut,
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,Rated 4.74 out of 5, Based on 31 Ratings ,"So close, yet so far away.Although it’s only 90 miles off the Florida coast, Cuba might as well be a whole world away. Alan Rubin, of Alec Bradley cigars, looks hopefully towards the future with Alec Bradley Post Embargo. This new cigar imagines a day when Cuban and non-Cuban brands can compete on a level playing field.Crafted at the Raices Cubanas factory in Honduras, Post Embargo comes dressed in a Honduran wrapper, 2 binders from Honduras and Nicaragua, and a blend of prime long-fillers from Nicaragua and Honduras. This medium to full-bodied morsel boasts flavors of earth, spice, cocoa, and nuts, with some subtle sweetness at play in the background. Sample the Post Embargo and experience a blend that looks to the future.The Alec Bradley Post Embargo recently earned a well-deserved '92'-rating. The review noted, ""Savory notes of leather and briny olive take on a malty earthiness before a sweet finish redolent of chocolate-covered raisins.""",Medium-Full,"['Belicoso', 'Gordo', 'Lancero/Panatela', 'Robusto', 'Toro']","Honduran, Nicaraguan","Honduran, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Honduras,Yes,,"Belicoso, Gordo, Lancero/Panatela, Robusto, Toro",No,Honduran,Alec Bradley
Alec Bradley Prensado,Rated 4.71 out of 5, Based on 299 Ratings ,"96-Rated and oh-so-amazingIntroducing, Prensado....a rich a redolent handmade guaranteed to satisfy. This exquisite handmade employs a special '​Trojes' Corojo wrapper grown in Honduras and a flavorful blend of Nicaraguan, Honduran, and more Trojes long-fillers. Expect a bold and eventful blend that brings interesting flavors in spades. Buttery-smooth notes of deep, rich nuances including roasted flavors, coffee, and a dash of sweet red pepper. 96-rated and impressively built, that's Alec Bradley Prensado.In addition to being named the Top Cigar of 2011, Alec Bradley Prensado received an unheard of, 96-point rating, noting, """"The Alec Bradley Prensado is as gorgeous a cigar as you’ll ever see, with a picture-perfect head and a stunning wrapper. But it is the flavor that makes it a classic. The Honduran and Nicaraguan tobaccos come together to create leather, chocolate and spice notes, and a long, lush finish.""",Full,"['Churchill', 'Corona', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']",Nicaraguan,"Honduran, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Honduras,Yes,,"Churchill, Corona, Gordo, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Honduran,Alec Bradley
Alec Bradley Prensado Fumas,Rated 4.33 out of 5, Based on 6 Ratings ,"You already know Alec Bradley as a top-name in premium, affordable handmade cigars, and now you can get that same experience for pennies on the dollar with Alec Bradley Fumas! These sticks use the same high-quality blend as their originals, but may show a blemish here and there that kept them from making the final cut. But once you light up, you’ll agree that these Fumas are the real deal.Aficionados the world over have sought out the Alec Bradley Prensado for an unbelievably rich experience ever since it was awarded the #1 Cigar of the Year spot with a 96-point rating in 2011. Consisting of Honduran and Nicaraguan fillers wrapped in a gorgeous Honduran leaf, The Prensado Fumas pump out the same full-bodied notes of spice, leather, and chocolate, with a long & satisfying finish as the original, that will have you smacking your lips thinking of the next one!",Medium-Full,"['Churchill', 'Robusto']",,"Honduran, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Honduras,Varies,,"Churchill, Robusto",Varies,"Honduran, Sun Grown",Alec Bradley
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,Rated 4.63 out of 5, Based on 65 Ratings ,"Find Yourself LostThe long awaited sequel to the 96-rated, #1 Cigar of 2011 is here. Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art a full-bodied blend from one of the hottest brands on the market created to pay homage to the lost art of handcrafting goods. Yeah, its all fine and dandy that technology allows us  to mass produce our fine goods, but knowing how to turn out a hand rolled cigar is truly a work of art. Prensado Lost Art is a superb example of a handcrafted premium. This highly-anticipated blend is made up of the finest Nicaraguan and Honduran tobaccos, and covered in a Honduran Corojo wrapper. Full in body, Prensado Lost Art offers rich notes espresso. leather, and pepper making this an indulgent cigar for your collection. Good news! Prensado Lost Art has received a well deserved 91-point rating, noting: ""Tightly packed with tobacco, this fat, box-pressed cigar has an excellent draw that delivers notes of sweet molasses, nuts and hickory wood. The finish hints of coffee.""",Full,"['Churchill', 'Gordo', 'Robusto', 'Toro', 'Torpedo']","Honduran, Nicaraguan","Honduran, Nicaraguan",False,No,More Details,Honduras,Yes,,"Churchill, Gordo, Robusto, Toro, Torpedo",No,Honduran,Alec Bradley
