prod_name,stars,review_title,review_body
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,Very good smoke for the price!,Def recommend if looking for an everyday smoke at an affordable cost.
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,1876,Good cigar smokes smooth !!
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,1876 Reserve,I have always liked this brand. I usually smoke the churchill.
1876 Reserve,4 out of 5,1876,Light and smooth
1876 Reserve,4 out of 5,Great golf cigat,Cant beat them for the price
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,Great every day smoke.,"Mild, smooth, early in the day smoke. Will buy again."
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,Nice smokes,I really liked these cigars. They smoke easily and evenly with no harsh taste. Every one in the bundle smoked the same as the other ones. Very nice smoke.
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,Great torpedos,Shared 1876 torpedos with some friends who really liked them as a lower priced mild cigar.
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,Good smoke,"Great smoke, great price. Hope you continue to have them"
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,Nice mild smoke,Nice mild smoke
1876 Reserve,4 out of 5,1876 Reserve Toro,"Consistently very good, especially given the price."
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,Smooth Burn,Good Cigar for the money.
1876 Reserve,4 out of 5,Very nice surprise! If you,Very nice surprise! If you are a fan of a milder cigar this was great!!
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,Excellent service and shipped promptly,Excellent service and shipped promptly
1876 Reserve,3 out of 5,1876 Reserve Toro,OK mild cigar for low price point.
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,1876 Torpedos,"The 1876 is my everyday cigar. I enjoy the mild Connecticut wrapper and their good draw. Price is O.K.
Two comments:
1. Several long stems in the tobacco leaves. Some are almost 4"" long. Thick, tough and gnarly. I pull the large ones out using forceps. Messy to do that.
2. Wrapper tends to de-laminate when cigar band is removed. Suggest that less glue (or none) is used on the band."
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,Great Value,"Consistent, easy draw. Smooth and mild."
1876 Reserve,4 out of 5,Decent everyday smoke,"Smooth enough, with a consistent enough burn to be an everyday stick at a good price"
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,Good for relaxing in the,Good for relaxing in the day
1876 Reserve,4 out of 5,Great cigar for the price,Great cigar for the price
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth
1876 Reserve,4 out of 5,My fav go to affordable,My fav go to affordable cigar
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,Best cigar for the buck,Best cigar for the buck
1876 Reserve,4 out of 5,Smooth,"Smooth draw, nice cigar for the price."
1876 Reserve,4 out of 5,As I expected.,As I expected.
1876 Reserve,4 out of 5,Great cigars for the golf,Great cigars for the golf course. Burns steady and even. Had a player tell me they smell good too.
1876 Reserve,4 out of 5,A little burn issue,"The few I have tried have been OK, but a couple of them
have burned poorly. I bought them as my garage cigar, but truly, nothing special. I'll go back to the Don Rafeal's when I finish this bundle."
1876 Reserve,4 out of 5,good,good
1876 Reserve,4 out of 5,1876 reserve,Affordable everyday cigar
1876 Reserve,3 out of 5,1876 Reserve Torpedo,A little harsh at times. Not bad for the price
1876 Reserve,4 out of 5,Good daily smokes.,Good daily smokes.
1876 Reserve,4 out of 5,Great Cigar,I’m a fan of a mild cigar. The 1876 Reserve Torpedo is definitely the cigar that suits my taste. Very easy draw. Worth the price
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,Costs,Great cigars but as I purchase these same smokes every month I'd like to think I'd get something extra like free shipping or other items.
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,1876 Reserve Toro,Smooth cigar !!!
1876 Reserve,4 out of 5,Nice,Good knock around smoke for the money
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,I'm a truck driver and,"I'm a truck driver and these are great everyday cigars, smooth and burn evenly."
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,"Nice mellow cigar, wish they","Nice mellow cigar, wish they had Churchill's available, next time...."
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,Very good cigar,"You would be hard pressed to find a better cigar for 2 bucks or less. It burns evenly, not hot and no hollowing, good taste and well constructed. I am retired and on a budget, and these fit the bill. I would recommend them to anyone who is looking for a good budget smoke."
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,Great value!,Great value!
1876 Reserve,4 out of 5,"Reliable service,good cigars Very little","Reliable service,good cigars
Very little to complain about."
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,Favorites,These are my husband's favorites.
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,Best price for a good,Best price for a good golf cigar
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,like,price and very smooth
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,Great smoke for the price.,"I enjoy mild connecticuts, and this one is great. its mild; draws and burns good; and the taste is not overpowering. I smoke this as my regular, and others on weekends and gatherings."
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,I like mild with taste-this is it,"smooth, mild taste A great one hour relaxed smoke-don't get better than that!"
1876 Reserve,3 out of 5,Not a bad golf course,Not a bad golf course cigar. Price is good.
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,Smoooth!!,"Simply said, smooth smoke, good price!"
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,A Faovorite,"This one is a FAVORITE of mine. Mellow, smooth & easy draw."
1876 Reserve,4 out of 5,Good mild smoke.,Very good and mild smoke at a decent price.
1876 Reserve,4 out of 5,1876 Poppy,Great taste and mild.
1876 Reserve Maduro,4 out of 5,good everyday smoke,good everyday smoke
1876 Reserve Maduro,5 out of 5,Best value for the money!,"Well made, flavorful and a great value. My ""go to"" daily smoke!"
1876 Reserve Maduro,4 out of 5,Good cigar,"These are some of my favorites. Madura, mild and consistent."
1876 Reserve Maduro,3 out of 5,"Mark Twain smooth, okay","Mark Twain smooth, okay"
1876 Reserve Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent buy for the money,Great smooth everyday cigar !!
1876 Reserve Maduro,4 out of 5,Great taste,Rating of a 4.5 out of 5. The cigars are a smooth and refreshing taste.
1876 Reserve Maduro,4 out of 5,Good for the price,Good for the price
1876 Reserve Maduro,5 out of 5,My go to golf course,My go to golf course cigar. Mild with an even burn. Buy them often.
1876 Reserve Maduro,4 out of 5,"This is my golfing partner,","This is my golfing partner, I always have a couple with me on the course"
1876 Reserve Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke for the price,Great smoke for the price
1876 Reserve Maduro,5 out of 5,Nice cigars,Nice cigars
1876 Reserve Maduro,5 out of 5,Very Smooth,Very Smooth
1876 Reserve Maduro,4 out of 5,This cigar had a smooth,"This cigar had a smooth medium flavor that stayed true to end of the cigar, not harsh or bitter. It also had a good even draw, stayed lit and produced about an inch and half ash. An excellent value cigar for the price."
1876 Reserve Maduro,5 out of 5,Good Cigar for the price,Nice cigar for the price. Draws easy and smooth taste.
1876 Reserve Maduro,4 out of 5,"Good, smooth smoke. Stays lit","Good, smooth smoke. Stays lit and burns evenly. Would definitely buy again. Great for the back nine."
1876 Reserve Maduro,5 out of 5,Nice smoke,All things considered this is not only a great buy it’s also a very good smoke. They have a good draw and good taste all the way through.
1876 Reserve Maduro,4 out of 5,Great cigar for the price,Great cigar for the price
1876 Reserve Maduro,5 out of 5,Found to be nice and,Found to be nice and smooth
1876 Reserve Maduro,5 out of 5,Great everyday cigar,"The 1876 Maduro is well made, stays lit, has pleasant aroma and good taste. Can’t beat the price for these cigars. Give them a try."
1876 Reserve Maduro,4 out of 5,Good value,Good value for the price
1876 Reserve Maduro,5 out of 5,Hoping to keep these secret so they remain in stock,"Phenomenal deal for the price. Draws easy, stays together, burns even. I think I've only had one that was packed a little tight. The rest were great."
1876 Reserve Maduro,4 out of 5,1876 Reserve Madurai Churchhill,"Very mild, good burning cigar, especially the price!"
1876 Reserve Maduro,4 out of 5,Good - Not Great,A good choice for casual smoke or on golf course.
1876 Reserve Maduro,3 out of 5,An Everyday Cigar,"A solid, well made, everyday cigar."
1876 Reserve Maduro,5 out of 5,"Good cigar , Great price","Good cigar , Great price"
1876 Reserve Maduro,4 out of 5,An everyday smoke,"Nice cigar for a fair price, not a good ash but an everyday smoke"
1876 Reserve Maduro,5 out of 5,Love the brand,Have purchased other 1886 in the past and was okeased so i tried these. Live ‘em. Great burn and flavor.
1876 Reserve Maduro,4 out of 5,"Good cigar, good price","A good cigar for that price, it doesn't burn very well but for that price I'm amazed"
1876 Reserve Maduro,4 out of 5,1876 Reserve Maduro a great smoke,"This is a good short smoke that is mellow and smooth. Just right with a cup of coffee, glass of wine or a good scotch."
1876 Reserve Maduro,5 out of 5,Good flavor Cigar,Very good flavor cigar. not strong smokes well.
1876 Reserve Maduro,4 out of 5,Good for the price,Good cigar for the price
1876 Reserve Maduro,5 out of 5,5 star in its price,5 star in its price range.
1876 Reserve Maduro,5 out of 5,good every day smoke!,good every day smoke!
1876 Reserve Maduro,5 out of 5,1876 Reserve Maduro Churchill,Good smoke to relax with Have others but I prefer this one
1876 Reserve Maduro,5 out of 5,A bit spicier than I,A bit spicier than I expected. Nice surprise. Very enjoyable.
1876 Reserve Maduro,5 out of 5,"Best cigar on the planet,","Best cigar on the planet, that’s because CI is the best cigar distributor, thanks for being there CI!"
1876 Reserve Maduro,4 out of 5,Great Smokes for the Money!,Great Smokes for the Money!
1876 Reserve Maduro,3 out of 5,good cigar for its price,Nice cigar that burns evenly and has a mild taste
1876 Reserve Maduro,4 out of 5,chuck's 3,I like these and will probably order more.
1876 Reserve Maduro,5 out of 5,"Very smooth, enjoyable smoke. Not","Very smooth, enjoyable smoke. Not heavy like most Maduros but with an even balance that doesn’t overwhelm. Pleasantly surprised. This will be one of my go to smokes"
1876 Reserve Maduro,5 out of 5,Maduro,"Great cigar, mild with no after taste"
1876 Reserve Maduro,4 out of 5,OK everyday cigar,OK everyday cigar
1876 Reserve Maduro,5 out of 5,Good smoke for the price!,Good smoke for the price!
1876 Reserve Maduro,4 out of 5,Cigars,Good cigar
1876 Reserve Maduro,4 out of 5,Great draw and smooth finish.,Great draw and smooth finish.
1876 Reserve Maduro,4 out of 5,brunch little one//,one word...great
1876 Reserve Maduro,5 out of 5,1876 reserve,excelent every day cigar
1876 Reserve Maduro,4 out of 5,Loose wrap,Nice QUICK smoke due to loose wrap. Flavorful and mild. Worth the coin
1876 Reserve Maduro,4 out of 5,Decent inexpensive cigar.,"Great for a daily smoke. Good draw, mild, very good presentation, overall good cigar for the price."
1876 Reserve Maduro,4 out of 5,I like these cigars!,Really good bang for the buck. Will definitely order again.
3x3 Tubos by Davidoff,4 out of 5,It's a true Cigar,"No.1 is the price point. This cigar is clean, enjoyable, and allows a true tobacco experience. Just can't go wrong here ;)"
3x3 Tubos by Davidoff,4 out of 5,Look cheap but got great taste,Mild flavor and burns steady - very nice. But the cigars don’t come with any label so they look cheap.
3x3 Tubos by Davidoff,5 out of 5,5-Star Budget Smoke,"I’m writing this after smoking about 5 ROTT, and...I like ‘em! A lot. I got them for a steal, and I’m definitely coming back for more. I’ve been looking for a shade wrapper for a morning smoke that edges a little more toward medium, and this one does. Some black pepper, lots of grass and sweet cream, all the good stuff. I’ve heard that these are rolled by Davidoff’s apprentice rollers, and I mostly can’t tell from construction. If I’m being critical, they are a LITTLE bit softer than I’d like, and because of that they smoke kind of quick. There is variation in the wrapper color. That’s about all of the cons, tho."
3x3 Tubos by Davidoff,5 out of 5,Can't beat it...,Davidoff Churchill for $3 a piece; I'll take that every time.
3x3 Tubos by Davidoff,4 out of 5,No disappointments!,Truly clean... pleasant... enjoyable cigar. Price point unmatched for pure tobacco flavor. Great golfing cigar or compliment to a stronger stick. No disappointments.
3x3 Tubos by Davidoff,4 out of 5,Good Buy,Good smoke.
3x3 Tubos by Davidoff,4 out of 5,All good some of the,All good some of the mes it a noche Had a bad draw
3x3 Tubos by Davidoff,5 out of 5,Super Value and Quality,"Love tubos for travel but these impressed my brother-in-law. Front porch laugh session, he comments on the beautiful cylinder of ash and the balance of medium flavor. For once I agreed with him."
3x3 Tubos by Davidoff,5 out of 5,Perfect cheap and mild.,"This is the mild smokers dream. No it does not have complex ANYTHING. It is just mild, end of day, Irish whiskey on a rock, easy draw, kind of stick. It does'nt change flavor. It does'nt bite my tongue half way with BOLDNESS. It's just mild, easy drawing, relaxing. If you need complex boldness with stiff bulldog draw and relighting at odd moments constantly? You won't like this. OH YEA it doesn't cost 10 bucs a stick either. I am writing this one handed with a 3x3 clenched between my teeth and a whiskey right now."
3x3 Tubos by Davidoff,3 out of 5,Not much flavor,Not much flavor
3x3 Tubos by Davidoff,5 out of 5,Marc,Fantastic cigar.
3x3 Tubos by Davidoff,4 out of 5,Nice Cigar,"Tried these for the first time, and was not disappointed, they are a nice mild cigar with enough body to sit back and enjoy. Great for sitting on the deck and doing some grilling!"
3x3 Tubos by Davidoff,5 out of 5,GREAT CIGAR but even GREATER PRICE.,what a great tasting cigar for an even better price. i had always 'wanted' to smoke a DAVIDOFF but could not really afford to buy one. will definitely buy these again. THANK YOU C.I. for making this DAVIDOFF soooooooooooooo affordable.
3x3 Tubos by Davidoff,5 out of 5,This guy is tubo happy.,"Very, very pleased with the tubos. The cigar is better than I expected and worth every penny. Unexpectedly, they stay lit even when put down to make a shot on the golf course. My preference is mild to medium and these are exactly what I like.
I'll buy more."
3x3 Tubos by Davidoff,5 out of 5,Top notch cigar,Top notch cigar
3x3 Tubos by Davidoff,4 out of 5,Good for he price,Good cigar for the price
5 Vegas Big Five,4 out of 5,Good,Good
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,Vegas big five,"I enjoy the smooth flavor of the Vegas big five Robusto it’s sweetness is just one of the many
reason why the big five has become one of my favorite cigars"
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,Big & bold.,Big & bold.
5 Vegas Big Five,4 out of 5,nice purchase,good value for size. easy draw and a quick smoke
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,5 Vegas Big Five,Enjoyed this cigar. Good burn and flavor.
5 Vegas Big Five,4 out of 5,Good smoke for two bucks.,Good smoke for two bucks. Good size ring gauge . Long lasting smoke.
5 Vegas Big Five,3 out of 5,Tight draw,"Tastes good mild/medium, burn slow and even. The draw is extremely tight. I’ve smoked 3 out of five. I put the last 2 up for a little humidor time."
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,5 Vegas Big Five Toro,"Although I've only smoked one of them so far, I found them to be an excellent smoke. The construction was excellent. Had a nice full easy draw and burned evenly throughout the whole cigar. I also thought it had a full earthy, leathery taste which I thought what's good."
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,Good draw on these,Good draw on these
5 Vegas Big Five,4 out of 5,Smokes great,Great stick smokes well taste even better
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,Big 5,My go to favorite now.
5 Vegas Big Five,4 out of 5,Better than expected...,"Got these on a lark off of MMAO. Was pleasantly surprised what a nice tasting stick it was. Have not been a real big fan of 5 Vegas in the past, but these might change my mind.
There was a little bit of a contsruction issue. I pulled a pretty large stem out of the end, but other than that, a nice smooth, even burn."
5 Vegas Big Five,4 out of 5,Big 5 robusto,"I waited for an amazing deal from CI on these. As an avid smoker of 5 Vegas classic I had to try the new blend. Medium body, good cherry notes and consistent during the burn, holds an ash like a pro, burns cool also. The last 2” is where it changes and gets fuller, gets a bit hot at 1.5” but yummy good. 4 stars is a good rating for this one. You won’t be disappointed"
5 Vegas Big Five,4 out of 5,"Good cigar, although a bit","Good cigar, although a bit on the mild side. I do like the Gurkha Governor's 6x60 better."
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,Big 5,Awesome full flavored cigar
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,Amazing Smoke,"Amazing smoke!! Start to finish, just plan to spend some time with it!! Great flavor profile, nice burn, and went great with a couple fingers of your favorite pour."
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,Love them,Becoming a top 10 favorite!
5 Vegas Big Five,4 out of 5,5Vegas Big Five,Best 5 Vegas so far. Also like the large Guage torpedo option. Never had one quite that large
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,Always a good smoke.,Great cigar. CI has the best selection and prices.
5 Vegas Big Five,3 out of 5,Good,"As good as any 5 Vegas, but the tips are unraveling making you having to recut,
At times, but still a good stick"
5 Vegas Big Five,3 out of 5,A bit hard to draw,"The flavor was nice, my first experience with this cigar was good so I bought more. This time, three cigars into the ten pack, they seem a bit hard to draw from."
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,Great prices great cigars,Great price on a darn good cigar
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,Vegas 5 cigars,"Very smooth draw, a little big, wish it came in a smaller ring size. Make some time to smoke this one, but a great smoke like all Vegas 5 cigars."
5 Vegas Big Five,4 out of 5,Five Vegas torpedo,Enjoyed this cigar..good smoke..flavor was ok but not terrible..overall I'd probably get it again..good size
5 Vegas Big Five,4 out of 5,Vegas,Miss being to select from a variety of 5Vegas cigars. When are they coming in?
5 Vegas Big Five,3 out of 5,Doesn’t pull very well.,Doesn’t pull very well.
5 Vegas Big Five,4 out of 5,Strong flavor..,A strong flavor cigar.. not a mild cigar
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,Love the size and taste,Love the size and taste
5 Vegas Big Five,2 out of 5,Better luck next time,"I purchased 2 boxes, both boxes sticks where rolled to tight. Very hard to smoke. Not much depth, very boring. I’ll never buy these again."
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,5 Vegas,Great cigar
5 Vegas Big Five,1 out of 5,Horribly tough draw!,Received this cigar as part of my haul from Cigar Fest. This was the tightest packed cigar I’ve ever smoked. An absolute brick. Gave myself a headache trying to get a decent draw. Gave up halfway. Maybe I just got a bad batch.
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,5 Vegas is the best!,Always a great smoke!!! All of em'!!!!!
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,Awesome,Awesome
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,5 Vegas Big Five - Big Taste,Deep rich flavor at an affordable price.
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,Best stick I've tried from 5 Vegas,Bought this on sale when they were released. I was surprised that these are this good. Better than the box of 5 Vegas gold or classics. More robust and flavorful in a good way.
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,Great cigars,Great cigars everything thing from really good cigars to everyday smokes at great prices
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,the big5 is the big tasty,very good small gigar with great flavors and a decent draw
5 Vegas Big Five,3 out of 5,Okay,Not the best smoke by 5 Vegas.
5 Vegas Big Five,2 out of 5,Excitement to disappointment,"I was very excited to get these cigars. I have now smoked 5 of them and really like the taste. They smoke nice and even. But, 4 of the 5 have came unwrapped while I have been smoking them. I keep my humidor between 71-73. They have all seemed dry and brittle. I am very disappointied, as I am a big fan of Vegas Cigars. Maybe I just got a bad batch. Curious to watch future reviews."
5 Vegas Big Five,2 out of 5,Poor Condition,I bought a box of these which came with another bundle of 10 for an up charge. The bundled cigars are so dried out that as soon as one is lit the wrapper cracks completely down the side and peels. I don't know what the condition of the boxed cigars are as I haven't opened them yet. Ordered these before and really enjoyed them. Not sure I would take a chance again.
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,I have bought over 280,I have bought over 280 different cigars from you. The Big 5 is now on my top 10 !! XXXOOO
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,Big Vega 5 Torpedo,"Great cigar, good burning, flavorful and a gret smoke. Definitely will buy again!"
5 Vegas Big Five,2 out of 5,No good,"Very disappointed with this series. I was like a kid in a candy shop when I saw these and ordered 40 because of the quality I’ve always gotten. Well unfortunately these are horrible. Had them in a humidor for 2 months now and the only way I can get the to burn is to toss them into a fire pit. All were dry, hard and no matter how hard I try no draw. Wrappers fell off as soon as they were taken from the humidor as well."
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,Nice cigar for the price,CI doubled the amount of cigars for $5 making this a super great deal. Even without the deal I will purchase more. One of the best Vegas cigars produced!
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,5 Vegas Big Five,Nice construction and full/medium bodied flavor. I like these fire plugs.
5 Vegas Big Five,2 out of 5,vegas 5 big 5,"slightly disappointed w/ this stick. first im a huge fan of the vegas 5 brand. so when i purchased these i had high expectations. let them sit in humidor for 2 weeks,and first smoke seem really dry. let them sit 1 month. and not so dry but now didnt like the flavor. oh well . probally wouldnt buy these again."
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,"Went through 10, please sir, can I have some more.","I have been a fan of the 5 Vegas line for many years, but it seemed like they were basically getting set in their ways. I will have to say first off that I am normally not a fan of the large ring gauges, however this one was a little different. The construction was very good, no issues with the wrappers, binders, or filler at all. I even cut one way to close to the cap after having a drink or two and had no issues smoking it. The flavors as very good. It is a bold earthy flavor, with notes of cedar, and a black pepper on the finish. Excellent smoke output and burn, which surprised me because I normally do not have luck with the larger ring gauges. I will definitely be purchasing these sticks again."
5 Vegas Big Five,4 out of 5,5 Vegas comes through again,"Flavorful, well constructed cigar as you would expect from makers of Classic, Series A and High Primings. Get them now with the excellent intro offer."
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,Awesome Smoke,These were so good I ordered more.
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,4 out of 5,Nice,Smooth easy pull
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,Always room in my humidor for these,"I’ve smoked a box of these over the past year and they are fantastic. Every single one... Great construction, burn, with ample smoke output. The flavor profile of spices, pepper, nuts, and cocoa is sublime. A really great balance. I absolutely love the reddish hue of the corojo wrapper. You cannot go wrong with these for the price."
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,4 out of 5,5 Vegas Cask-Strength,Excigarcellent smooth
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,Very good,"These are very good, full flavored cigars."
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,Consistent quality,"For years I’ve smoked these and have yet not had a single badly-rolled example. Full, smooth flavor, even burn."
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,Digger,OUTSTANDING!
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,4 out of 5,5 Vegas,Good good smoke
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,4 out of 5,cigar review,a good cigar to smoke
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,4 out of 5,"Good cigar, full strength. Will","Good cigar, full strength. Will buy again"
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,Classic,One of my all time favorites.
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,good stuff,good stuff
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,Delicious as always,Can never go wrong with Cinco Vegas
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,Cask,This is definitely my favorite Cigar by 5 Vegas. They have a couple in their arsenal but not usually what I'm looking for. This one hits the spot every time. They came fast and fresh! Thanks guys!
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,4 out of 5,Good Quality,I enjoyed the smoke . No issues. Usual quality from Vegas 5!
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,4 out of 5,Good smoke,"Draws nice, easy smoke!"
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,Great cigar for the price,Great cigar for the price & fast delivery. Good job folks
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,5 vegas,Superb cigar. My favorite.
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,Great cigar!!! Each one better,Great cigar!!! Each one better than the last.
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,4 out of 5,Vegas,Good smoke mild medium bodied. Enjoyed it to its end
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,A Great Deal on a Great Cigar,"These treats are very similar to, but MUCH better than, CAO Flatheads. At a nice low price. They are full bodied and well crafted creating a wonderful experience from your first puff to a nub you will not want to put down."
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,it a really cigar,it a really cigar
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,5 Vegas Cast strength,My favorite cigar.
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,3 out of 5,A solid smoke,"Good, not great, but good smoke. I have purchased on special several times and will do so again. 5 Vegas is a consistently good product."
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,Great cigars,Mild. Great taste.
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,Vegas,Great daily smoke
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,4 out of 5,well made cigar,"I got Joe's deal 10 pack and am sad to see they are almost gone. nice thick wrapper, tightly wrapped requiring a pretty good draw, even burn. as the name implies, the flavor is bold, intensifying toward the nub."
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,Cask review,I have had these before and forgot just how good they are. That was a great price to get 10 if them. Thanks CI.
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,smooth and tasty,smooth and tasty
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,5 Vegas,"Smooth & mellow cigar, one of my favorites."
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,4 out of 5,Nice,Strong but not over the top. Slow burner. Rich flavor and nice nicotine amount. A great speacial accasion stick for people who are used to the kick. Not a beginner stick. No relights. Strong Ash. A little uneven on the burn. The last third was magnificent.
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,4 out of 5,Great everyday Stick,A very tasty cigar especially for the price. Quality smoke.
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,Consistently an all around good cigar.,"The 5 Vega Cask cigar goes a consistently good flavor, well constructed, and always has a good draw. It is also one of the few cigars that have not become bored with smoking. All things considered, you can't go wrong with the 5 Vegas Cask Strength cigar!"
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,Very good cigar at a good price,The cigar smokes and burns well and it has a robust flavor that is not overpowering. I will buy this cigar again.
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,4 out of 5,vegas 5,good construction and draw.Full bodied smoke. Price was better than other smokes . Would buy again
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,5vegas,yummy
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,"Full, rich 5 Vegas","This is one of my favorite cigars. Full, rich flavor, always enjoyable."
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,4 out of 5,Worthy,"Nice change in the 5 Vegas lineup. Very well constructed, rolled tightly enough to last a good hour plus but still draw nicely. Flavor in not timid but fairly rich and meaty but not overly complex. Comparable to many cigars costing much more, I think these will be on my watch list for good buying opportunities."
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,5 Vegas,"These stogies are just what you want after all those ""Honey Do"" jobs around the house. They pair well with a glass of your favorite spirit."
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"Great cigar, well made, burns even, easy draw, stays lit."
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,2 out of 5,Only OK.,"Have smoked other stocks from 5 Vegas, and I've never been impressed , this one doesn't either. I don't think I'll need to try anymore"
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,Thumbs up,"The cigar was a pleasant surprise. I have never been a 5 Vegas fan. Always felt they were good cigars but not great. This one truly surprised me. Very smooth, full flavored and long burning."
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,Love 5 Vegas cask strength cigars,5 Vegas cigars in general are a great smoke. I especially enjoy the 5 Vegas Cask Strength with the 5 Vegas Maimi close behind.
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,4 out of 5,Good strong stick.,"This is another good smoke in the 5 Vegas line, my favorite being the Serie A. its a good slow smoke lasts for at least an hour and has a rich flavor that I love to indulge in. it starts out a little rough for some but levels off as you smoke. the only downside to this was the box press, I am not a big fan of square-ish cigars, but sometimes that's all you can get."
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,4 out of 5,Vega,Rick deep flavor
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,High Quality Cigar,"I have smoke two of these cigars, one right off the truck and another after one week of humidor time and both cigars were fantastic.
The draw was perfect with only a slight amount of resistance, the soft box press feels very comfortable, and the smoke output is phenomenal. The body and strenght are medium - medium/full with deep sweet and spicy flavors. These are an incredible value when they are on sale."
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,4 out of 5,Great cigar all the way,Great cigar all the way up to the band smooth and not too strong even burn I would buy it again
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,nice and strong,great taste great draw very satisfing
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,Absolute Favorite,"I was introduced to 5 Vegas about 20 years ago by a guy that was rolling these cigars at an event at Islamorado, FL. I fell in love with the brand and have bought a great many over the years. But the Cask Strength is a cut above all their other products. A quality smoke at a very affordable price. You can't go wrong!!!"
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,4 out of 5,Vegas at home,I was happy to put one of these on rotation for the evening cigar and found they satisfy. I enjoyed the flavor and the burn rate.
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Great Cigar
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,GREAT CIGARS!!,GREAT CIGARS!!
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,My Reveiws on Vegas Classic Corona Cigar,"The Vegas Classic Corona is a great Cigar for me. It helps me cut down on my Cigar Useage, Very smooth."
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,Go ahead and buy a box.,"My favorite cigar in the Vegas line, and a well rounded smoke and a great value. Really can't go wrong with these, big, layered flavors, nice burn line, good ash hold. Tasty!"
5 Vegas Classic,4 out of 5,"also very good, but not","also very good, but not as consistent as the oliva"
5 Vegas Classic,4 out of 5,customer,Possibly a 91. One of your better stock. Be nice if you had a 60 ring though!
5 Vegas Classic,4 out of 5,Good smokes for a great,Good smokes for a great price
5 Vegas Classic,4 out of 5,Vive la différence!,"A first rate smoke. The only reason I'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5, is because of personal preference (4 and a half would be my actual rating if it were available). It is indeed a medium strength cigar, however, also has a slightly rough edge, especially through the nose. This is not necessarily a unappealing quality. I LIKE it a little ""rough"", but for me the 5 Vegas Classic is a smoke for particular mood. It's first rate, but not always my first choice. No matter--vive la différence!"
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,cigar,da best...
5 Vegas Classic,3 out of 5,Middle of the road ...,"Some are quite good, while others are subpar ... so average as shown!"
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,My besty,These are a great everyday cigar. Always consistent in burn and flavor.
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,excellent!,excellent!
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,Smooth and mild,A good cigar for the money. I normally buy smaller sizes but the 60 ring was just fine.
5 Vegas Classic,4 out of 5,"My daily , affordable pleasure","My daily , affordable pleasure"
5 Vegas Classic,3 out of 5,Inconsistent,Inconsistent
5 Vegas Classic,4 out of 5,Good,Good. No canoeing. Lots of smoke. Smooth draw and good flavor.
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,great smoke,all 5 Vegas cigars I purchased were good... I will keep ordering more....
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,Great Everyday Smoke,"This cigar is just a great cigar, well made, great smoke. Recommend this cigar for any occasion."
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,5 Vegas 5 star torpedo,"My current box did not disappoint. The classic is medium in body and smooth start to finish. I always keep a few in my humidor, great with coffee in the morning. I really enjoy the 5 Vegas torpedo sampler as well. It includes all of my favorites and I can switch it up daily so I don't get bored with one blend. Keep up the great work at C.I. !!"
5 Vegas Classic,4 out of 5,Overall good smoke,Overall good smoke
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,I like the cigar it’s,I like the cigar it’s a good go to for working around the yard and playing a round of golf one draw back it seems to be out of stock alot
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,cigar,the best.
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,"VEGA CLASSIC, OH YES!!","THIS STICK CERTAINLY DESERVING OF ITS (90) CRISP, EXCELLENT AND VERY
SMOOTH SMOKE. WILL CONTINE TO ALWAYS KEEP
A FEW ON THE READY
GOOD JOB. 5.VEGA 💥"
5 Vegas Classic,4 out of 5,Great cigar,Nice aroma
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,cigar,da best....
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,Yes,Great cigar!
5 Vegas Classic,4 out of 5,5 Vegas best size,Smooth yet spicy
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,Nice cigar!,"Great smoke, even burn. Nice daily cigar for the price. I will reorder when on sale."
5 Vegas Classic,3 out of 5,Just OK,Just OK
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,Best value you can find,"These cigars are surprisingly good for the price. Well-made, medium strength, very nice aroma from the Sumatra wrapper. What's not to like?"
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,cigar,very good
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,cigar,v good...
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,5 VEGAS CLASSIC CORONA,"Rich flavor, smooth smoke, and definitely a keeper for our humidor."
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,cigar,a number one.....
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,nice,nice
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,My everyday cigar.,"I smoke 2 to 4 cigars a day and for years now it is extremely hard to find a cigar that matches the quality vs. price of the 5 Vegas brand. I smoke Don Pepins, Romeo's, Padron's, etc. occasionally but the 5 Vegas the most."
5 Vegas Classic,4 out of 5,Big fan of 5 Vegas,Big fan of 5 Vegas classic cigars
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,5 vegas classic churchill,Smooth tasting great burn.
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,One of my favorites. It,One of my favorites. It is my go to cigar.
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,Consistently consistent,I am constantly saying how consistently consistent these smokes are! Best value in a cigar! Medium but very flavorful and satisfying.
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,outstanding,outstanding
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,excellent cigar at any price,excellent cigar at any price
5 Vegas Classic,4 out of 5,"Smooth, a great morning cigar","Smooth, a great morning cigar"
5 Vegas Classic,4 out of 5,I’ve had these before but,I’ve had these before but only after they’re in the humidor for a little while. They get better with age.
5 Vegas Classic,4 out of 5,This is a good Gigar,I tried the 5 Vegas gold when my order came in I was disappointed when I opened the box I had ordered the wrong ring size. Decided to give them a try. I wasn't disappointed anymore. I like the taste of these. I will order the 5 Vegas gold again next time the 50 ring size.
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,5 vegas,always a great cigar
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,nice smoke!!,I'm a fan I have been smoking Vegas line for years now
5 Vegas Classic,4 out of 5,Very Nice,"Nice flavors , but not too harsh. A good cigar for anytime of the day."
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,Perfect flavor,"I usually get my husband the 5 Vegas gold series cigars, but decided to the classic series. He keeps raving about the flavor, and the smell and taste! They must really be great!"
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,Great customer service,Got 10 of the cigars. 5 were damaged. No problem they 2 day shipped me replacements. That’s service!
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,Love These Cigars,"Smooth and mellow. For me, they been crowd pleasers and a great golf course cigar."
5 Vegas Gold,4 out of 5,OK.,OK.
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,This is easily my favorite,This is easily my favorite Vegas
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,Great smoke,If you like Nubs you will love these.
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,5 Vegas never disappoints! Always,5 Vegas never disappoints! Always a good cigar
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,An old friend....,It has been quite awhile since I first fired this stick. The blend and taste is just as I remembered it. The CI profile is spot on. You will not go wrong for the price and quality.
5 Vegas Gold,4 out of 5,5 Vegas,"These cigars are good, with a reasonable price."
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,👍🏻,👍🏻
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,"Very good, top 10 mild/mellow","Very good, top 10 mild/mellow cigar a must for your humidor"
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,5 vegas,"Great deal, on a great cigar"
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,As good as GOLD,Great mellow smoke
5 Vegas Gold,4 out of 5,Good I'll try again,Good I'll try again
5 Vegas Gold,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Enjoy them but not for everyday.
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,Keep In Stock,"Great every day cigar, but always out of stock."
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,5 vegas,These are a bit stronger than I like but I like them.
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,Great price,Great price
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,% Vegas,"Great cigar, very mild and smooth, my choice for an everyday smoke."
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,9 holes of golf cigar,"This slow, even burning cigar lasts for a full 9 holes of golf."
5 Vegas Gold,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Medium cigar but good
5 Vegas Gold,3 out of 5,Mediocre,Not that bad of a cigar
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,5 Vegas Gold Robusto,"I used to 5 Vegas Gold Robusto
when they very first come out and i smoke and very well"
5 Vegas Gold,4 out of 5,Nice taste,Nice taste
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,Better then their price,A better stick then their price is but two sticks where damaged.
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,Mildly smooth with an excellent,Mildly smooth with an excellent draw
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,Great Smoke!,One of my Favorites! A nice mild and mellow smoke while out playing a round of golf
5 Vegas Gold,4 out of 5,This is the only 5 Vegas worth buying,This is a well made good strong tasting stick. I have had all the flavors from the sampler and the gold was the only one worth smoking.
5 Vegas Gold,3 out of 5,ok,its ok
5 Vegas Gold,4 out of 5,nice mellow Cigar,nice mellow cigar even burn pretty good taste
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,Mike,I think its a well made cigar (mild) that won't make your mouth burn half way thru the cigar.
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,perfect starting stick!,Perfect nightcap light cigar before bed. If you are new to cigars this is a great starting stick. ENJOY!
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,Always a good smoke,the 5 Vegas is consistently a smooth cigar with nice ash and a light smoke. Good for any time of the day
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,Nice,Very nice smoke
5 Vegas Gold,3 out of 5,"Not bad, but I'm not a fan",The first third was a good smoke. I didn't enjoy it once it got to the 2/3. It was a little bitter. It did stay lit and it was a nice pull.
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,GREAT CIGAR,great cigar
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,best,best of best how about some deals
5 Vegas Gold,4 out of 5,5 Vegas Gold,5 Vegas Gold
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,Great budget friendly cigar,Just tried one of these tonight. I was impressed. Very tasty and enjoyable; good construction and burn. I’ll keep some of these on hand as a regular go-to smoke. Highly recommended and it won’t break the bank!
5 Vegas Gold,3 out of 5,Not too shabby for a mild.....,"Dry, flaky, had to relight after leaving it for less than 30 seconds. Weird for a 5 Vegas Gold. Great flavor, even burn, draw seemed to take forever at times. Left in humidor at 71 for a month before smoking. Not sure if that had something to do with it? Overall this is a great cigar for the $$. Got these in a sampler so it’s not my every day smoke. I’m a Diamond Crown and A. Fuente smoker but these are great mild cigars!!"
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,My favorite Go To cigar.,"I've been smoking cigars for about 20 years. This is my ""go to"" golf and fishing cigar. Mild, flavorful, smooth draw, consistent burn and never harsh. And I like heavy-bodied maduro cigars also, but this is still my fave! Smoking the 5 Vegas Gold Toro for over 10 years and have never been disappointed. Love 'em! Even my cigarette smoking friends like 'em! Whenever I go on a golf or fishing trip, I make sure to order some before I go. My life would be sad without them. I'm sure there may have been some duds but I've never experienced any. Always good construction and consistent flavor."
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,Great cigar. Firm an,Great cigar. Firm an
5 Vegas Gold,4 out of 5,Smooth,"Smooth, mellow smoke, just like the full size 5 Vegas Gold. My only suggestion would be to put a smaller band on it, as the current band takes up half the cigar."
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,"Taste, burn, ash. All very","Taste, burn, ash. All very good. I like this cigar."
5 Vegas Gold,3 out of 5,"Ok, for the price but better at this price range.","Its a decent mild to medium cigar. Not exciting, no real standout characteristics. A little sour at the start but comes around a bit. Not the best connecticut at this price range. But not terrible either."
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,Awesome cigar.,Awesome cigar.
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,5 vegas gold,I have been buying these for myself and others for years. all of us smoke them on golf course
5 Vegas Gold,4 out of 5,Good cigars,Good cigars
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,Always realiable,These are my go to cigar never a problem with construction or taste.
5 Vegas Gold,4 out of 5,I like them good value,I like them good value
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,"Nice, smooth medium cigar",Husband loves these so I get them! He says they are nice and mellow.
5 Vegas Gold Anniversary,5 out of 5,"Smooth, mild, ideal for relaxing","Smooth, mild, ideal for relaxing from pressures in life."
5 Vegas Gold Anniversary,5 out of 5,perfect for sunday afternoon,"super smooth, perfect draw, even burn, creamy a little bit"
5 Vegas Gold Anniversary,4 out of 5,Great burn and construction,"Smooth even burn. I had one today and enjoyed it. Mostly had notes of hay, pepper and cedar. It tasted slightly young and I believe a few more months in the humidor and those young flavors will disappear."
5 Vegas Limitada 2019,5 out of 5,5 Vegas Limitada 2019 Toro is a great medium bodied cigar,"Excellent construction, medium body, good burn and draw, with a pleasant aroma. It's a great medium bodied cigar that experienced smokers and novices can enjoy. Recommended..!"
5 Vegas Limitada 2019,5 out of 5,Awesome stick!! Will be buying,Awesome stick!! Will be buying more!!
5 Vegas Limitada 2019,5 out of 5,Was really surprised!,"My order arrived very timely considering vovid delays. The cigars were rested for almost 2 weeks and as usual, 5 Vega did not disappoint. Loved h
the flavors, well made cigar."
5 Vegas Limitada 2019,4 out of 5,Good smooth smoke,Good smooth smoke
5 Vegas Limitada 2019,5 out of 5,excellent cigar,"I got these in the "" Coming to America Mega sampler"". A delicious well-constructed , great-burning cigar. As the description says , it's a limited offering ( unfortunately ) , so , get 'em while they're still available !"
5 Vegas Limitada 2020,4 out of 5,5 Vegas unlimited,Good cigar burns very nice!! Last awhile smoked it down to the nub!! Especially good WITH single malt scotch!! And cold beer !!!
5 Vegas Limitada 2020,3 out of 5,first time,cigar was ok too high priced perhaps they could save money on the box.
5 Vegas Limitada 2020,5 out of 5,Another hit from 5 Vegas,"Excellent cigar for the price. Well constructed, easy draw, tons of smoke output with a razor burn. Plus the flavor is all espresso, cocoa, nuts, and some spice. Need to buy a box of these ASAP."
5 Vegas Series A,4 out of 5,"A consistent, enjoyable smoke","A consistently smooth, slow, even burn; flavorful and aromatic. I like to try different brands and blends, but 5 Vegas Series A are my go-to cigars for an enjoyable evening smoke on my porch."
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,Long time favorite,I'm probably shooting myself in the foot here but this cigar has been consistently excellent for several years now. Only 5 plus inches but a nice 45 minute smoke with quality throughout.
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,Can’t be beat for the price.,"Always solid construction, burn, and flavor. I’ve smoked lots of these and everyone has been quality for the price. Each one I can smoke down to the nun without any issues. Occasional touch up, but beyond that they are great everyday. Winner every time."
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,very good cigars,very good cigars
5 Vegas Series A,4 out of 5,The first 5 Vegas I,The first 5 Vegas I have enjoyed
5 Vegas Series A,4 out of 5,Best at half way,I'm not normally a full flavor cigar smoker but I do have a few in my humidors. This cigar I got in a fathers day deal with a free humidor it was strong at first and mellowed out at half way the flavor came through at that time and was great the rest of the way.
5 Vegas Series A,4 out of 5,very good,very good
5 Vegas Series A,3 out of 5,review for single atomic from sampler,"mine burned unevenly. it was a poorly constructed cigar. the gurkha is a way better construction. the flavor was good, however, and after relighting it on the side that needed fire, it burned ok until the end"
5 Vegas Series A,3 out of 5,Have not tried the rest,Have not tried the rest yet.
5 Vegas Series A,3 out of 5,"They are okay, not the","They are okay, not the best"
5 Vegas Series A,4 out of 5,Box pressed 5 Vegas Series A,"I am a huge fan of the Series A. I normally don't purchase box pressed cigars, but the deal was too good to pass up. Have had issues with a couple of the wrappers, but the smoke is still wonderful."
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,One of my favorites,Great burn full of Flavor
5 Vegas Series A,3 out of 5,Thank you CI,Thank you CI
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,Winner,Excellent even burn. Rich In flavor long even ash
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,Love these puppies always!!,ALWAYS enjoy these and to the devil with people who say otherwise!
5 Vegas Series A,4 out of 5,Nice,Good Cigar
5 Vegas Series A,4 out of 5,Nice smoke,"Good cigar ,nice burn and dam flavorful."
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,Great value,Boxed pressed & consistent structure get these on sale and you have my attention again
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,5 Vegas series A,"The 5 Vegas Series A apotheosis has been a go to smoke in my humi for a number of years. Consistently rich, well constructed and easy on the wallet. Can’t remember having one dog in my 100’s of tries."
5 Vegas Series A,3 out of 5,Good stick ample smoke flavor,Good stick ample smoke flavor is well defined. The burn could be better. Give plenty of time to acclimate after shipping
5 Vegas Series A,4 out of 5,"Mild smoke , good draw.","Mild smoke , good draw. Good every day smoke."
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,5 Vegas Series A,If you enjoy a Maduro this is a great deal. I prefer somethin a little less full bodied. But overall a really great smoke.
5 Vegas Series A,4 out of 5,good cigar,good cigar
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,"Smooth, even burn","Smooth, even burn"
5 Vegas Series A,4 out of 5,Great Bomb,"I’d give it 5 stars but it was too short, didn’t want it to get to the end.
Starts spicy, mellows to a chocolate but still gaining strength... culminated to a great finish of cinnamon and black licorice. Loved it🤘🏼"
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,Five star,One of my favorites. Great flavor and nice long burn.
5 Vegas Series A,4 out of 5,Great series,These are great! Nice and smooth.
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,A rich tasting cigar,"I love these cigars. Medium strength evolving into a full rich tasting cigar. I love these cigars! Along with a rich tobacco taste, the aromatic smoke is lovely as well. Always burns even for me!"
5 Vegas Series A,4 out of 5,Nice treat,"This is a nice upgraded over the every day smoke, always look forward to it."
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,My go to,"Dont think about it and just buy ,,guaranty you won't be disappointed"
5 Vegas Series A,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,"Do yourself a favor, grab a few packs!!!!","Finally got around to smoking one of these that’s been hiding in the bottom of my humidor for around 6 years. Draw is tight but still perfectly smokable. Amazing notes of cocoa, nice tight burn lines, hint of leather on the tongue. Plumes of delicious smoke. Wrapper black as night on the ocean. Definitely ordering more of these....except they will certainly get smoked before waiting years!!!!"
5 Vegas Series A,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Old favorites
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,"6 x 58 whopper, Want to sit and relax for 1 & 1/2 to 2 hours, this is a great deal. very solid construction, great flavor, only negative is the draw is a bit stiff. Price was right on MMAO. Thanks"
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,good cigar,"Great smoke, even burn and great taste,"
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,"5 Vegas, 5 Stars...","5 Vegas, 5 Stars. This is an inexpensive, Medium-bodied smoke with characters you would expect in a more expensive cigar. Shows what being around for a long time get's you... I'm seeing this stick in many of the samplers featured here at CI. Says something about this cigars popularity! CI is great for their samplers, and I buy them more than single boxes of smokes. Gives you a chance to try so many different ones, usually at a great price. Try them with no guilt and save yourself a few bucks along the way..."
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,Like all 5 VEGAS A,"Like all 5 VEGAS A cigars , THEY ARE GREAT!"
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,Pleasant sticks great value,"I've had a few different 5 Vegas coasters in the past. These quickly went on my ""go to"" list for a value cigar with high quality. Each stick burned evenly all the way through. Flavor was smooth and wasn't too peppery (I do like bold cigars). I'll be getting them again soon."
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,Favorite Maduro !,"Hadn't smoked one in a while,but jumped at a fantastic price on the daily deal.Quickly remembered why there were some fond memories.A top notch maduro with just the right touch of sweetness.Perfect draw and consistant medium-full strength all the way.Cedar wrap added to the appearance and added to the flavour."
5 Vegas Series A,4 out of 5,5 Vegas Winner,"5Vegas has always been a good, reliable cigar at a great price. Dark, oily wrapper, light tooth and minimal veins. This is definite winner on all levels... Light chocolate notes with a earthy, cedary finish that is sure to please ALL TASTE. You cannot go wrong with this stick! Enjoy each puff. The tight draw is the only set-back for this smoke... Enjoy."
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,Delicious Cigars,"good quality, nice and delicious cigars. thanks."
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,"I love them, but after","I love them, but after I received them, the price when up"
5 Vegas Series A,4 out of 5,Not bad for the price.,Not bad for the price. Great golf cigar.
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,I'm enjoying them,I'm enjoying them
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,Only ones I buy.,My favorite for the price. Only ones better. Punch.
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,5 Vegas A,"Good flavor, tight wrap, very enjoyable cigar. Have shared a few with good reviews from friends, are looking to get some of their own. will definitely purchase again."
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,I like them…,I like them as they represent a good stogie at a good price!
5 Vegas Series A,4 out of 5,Good full bodied smoke,"Good cigar, dark, rich, tasty. Most burned well. A couple needed some tending to burn straight."
5 Vegas Series A,4 out of 5,All the A’s,"Stopped bouncing from cigar to cigar and the A series, all length and rings!"
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,Amazing Cigar,"If you are a fan of 5 Vegas, you have to try this amazing cigar!! Ships fast and always fresh."
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,5 Vegas Tripple A = A+,I received these Tripple A's in a 20 Stick Sampler. They are outstanding! They get very smooth after warming up. These are now on my list of favorite bold Maduros.
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,Always a treat.,I love these. I don’t smoke them often. I try to keep a couple in my humidor
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,Perfect Maduro,"The cigar is so well-made, it has tremendous flavor, yet so smooth, it burns and draws perfectly from the first puff to the last."
5 Vegas Triple-A,3 out of 5,Good smoke,Enjoyed smooth easy on palate
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,5 Vegas Triple A,"I smoke a lot of cigars, many different brands, usually purchase samplers because I like a lot of diversity in my smokes. AAA's are one of the few brands that I actually buy by the box."
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,Very good,"Very good cigar, I do not usually smoke them all the way to the end but these I had no problems with."
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,"Consistent, Tasty, and Reasonably Priced","I have smoked these quite a few years now and have found them to be very consistent. My opinion is that the 5 Vegas AAA is a very flavorful, aromatic, full bodied smoke that reaches the level of much higher priced cigars. If you prefer full bodied cigars, I'm sure you will take to these."
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,nice cigar!,"Very good construction, for a decent price. Had lots of Oak flavors."
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,Flavor stick start to stub,"One of my favorites. Solid tobacco flavor from the first Puff, running throughout the smoke. Good smoke and Ash. I stock up whenever there's opportunity for sale."
5 Vegas Triple-A,4 out of 5,5 Vegas OK,"Limited # sampled
Construction good
Strength it all there!
Even burn"
5 Vegas Triple-A,4 out of 5,Great Flavor,Great Flavor
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,Triple A,"Well made cigar, smooth and flavorful."
5 Vegas Triple-A,4 out of 5,Excellent cigar always around,Excellent cigar always around
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,Vegas 5,Great draw and flavorful
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,A new favorite,One of the best cigars I’ve had. Strongly recommend!
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,5 Vegas Triple A box press,Great deal on them. Real good smoke for sure. Full throttle. Smoked them while at work. Lasts a little more than an hour. I suggest buying a pipe to smoke the whole cigar! Great offer Cigar International!
5 Vegas Triple-A,3 out of 5,Just ok,"I've been smoking the non-box pressed version of this cigar since it's inception and have enjoyed multiple ten-packs and boxes over the years. They have been very consistent. Not sure if the blend is identical with just the box press added. The box-pressed version I won on auction was pretty dry and lifeless. The draw was a bit on the loose side and the burn was just ok. Maybe some more time in the cabinet will help. I'm willing to consider that the issue is one of poor handling prior to me receiving the cigars. That said, I thought I would try these as the price was competitive, but I would not purchase again unless I could be certain they would be in fine condition."
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,Always a great cigar.,Always a great cigar.
5 Vegas Triple-A,3 out of 5,Strong but lacking in complexity of flavor's,"Decently smooth,Nice strong tobacco flavor,but falls short being that it doesn't have any if at all evolution of complexities of flavors as it burns down."
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,Full body flavor with a,Full body flavor with a good draw and even burn - great cigar for the money
5 Vegas Triple-A,4 out of 5,Smoke’m if You Got em’.,I like these after sitting for awhile in the humidor.
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,Delicious,"Simply amazing, nice and smooth!!!"
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,5 Vegas cant beat it,"very good stick for the price... I have enjoyed these for over the past 2 years, and they wont break your budget so sharing them is that much easier too ... lol"
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,Best for the Value Option,"Great value, suprisingly rich and tasty. Good construction."
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,Full body cigar lover,"Great smooth flavor, Adequate even burn and not to strong for even my wife who loves full flavor cigars. This is our second purchase of this cigar our new found friend."
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,5 Vegas AAA,Good flavor all the way to the end
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,Good smke,The AAA from 5 Vegas is a good low to medium priced full flavor cigar. Thick and heavy.
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,"I have always enjoyed five Vegas cigars but this is clearly my favorite varietal of their brand. It has tons of flavor, is very well made, burns very evenly and has a great draw. I will always buy these and enjoy them thoroughly."
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,Good,Good
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,5 Vegas Triple A,Great cigar! Flavorful
5 Vegas Triple-A,4 out of 5,5 Vegas AAA,"They are very good , but like cask strenth better"
5 Vegas Triple-A,1 out of 5,not for me,too hot !
5 Vegas Triple-A,4 out of 5,very good smoke,"A little uneven burn, nice taste and easy draw. Just try to keep it under 70% because over that you'll be relighting too frequently"
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,Great!,Great!
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,Great cigar for the price,Great cigar for the price
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,Beautiful cigar,"I have always been a fan of five Vegas cigars and this one certainly does not disappoint. I’m also a huge fan of box pressed cigars and Madurai’s. The flavor is fantastic, the draw is great and it burns very evenly."
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,Bought for my dad for,Bought for my dad for father's day and took a couple for myself. I'm a novice so not sure my opinion matters. He liked them and so did I.
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,A strong smooth taste,A strong smooth taste
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,AAA,Great smokes!! Love them..
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,Not for those who like mild cigars,"Good taste, average burn. These will will knock you back if you are a novice. Great for the price I paid."
5 Vegas Triple-A,4 out of 5,"Good flavor, even burn, reasonable","Good flavor, even burn, reasonable price"
5 Vegas Triple-A,4 out of 5,Great smoke for price,"The triple A's are very tasty, have lots of notes of oak, espresso and dark chocolate. The tobacco is only 2nd Grade, not high-quality long-fillers you will get for $10+ smokes. But for the price right for a great smoke you can have daily and share with friends."
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,vegas triple aaa,great smoke only get them when on special wish i could make them an everyday item
5 Vegas Triple-A,3 out of 5,Not my favorite,"Overall I have no true complaints about this stick, it just wasn't my favorite. Good enough to smoke the ones that I have, but I probably would not purchase them again. The quality of the cigar was fine, no issues there."
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,5 vegas AAA,1 of my top 5 for intensity and richness. Bold yet not abrasive. Pairs well with a strong IPA. Just my style.
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,Helluva cigar.,Helluva cigar.
5 Vegas Triple-A,4 out of 5,Quality Cigar,This 5 Vegas is powerful. I liked the middle third best as the flavors revealed themselves. finish is strong. Hope you like it.
5 Vegas Triple-A,4 out of 5,great smoke,i really l9iked the draw. it also had a nice full taste to it
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,"Series 'A', All the Way","Picked up several 5-packs of this series, various flavors. All excellent. One of my favorites. Showed up fresh. My only complaint is I can't figure out the code for which tip band goes with which version. Is there a key?"
601 Blue Label Maduro,5 out of 5,601 blue maduro prominente,"great cigar. easy draw. great flavors, and full body. all and all a great smoke. I would order them again."
601 Blue Label Maduro,5 out of 5,Razor Burn,Bought a box and let em rest in my humi for a month. I have smoked five so far and have been impressed. The burn is slow and razor sharp with espresso and almonds. First third to me was on the medium side ramping up to medium-full about the half way point. All in all a very pleasant cigar that I would definitely recommend.
601 Blue Label Maduro,5 out of 5,two thumbs up,"One of my favorite cigars, also like the green 601 too!"
601 Blue Label Maduro,5 out of 5,Very good stick,"Extremely good smoke
Very heavy but not harsh
Best to smoke slow
Very rewarding
Burns slow and clean"
601 Blue Label Maduro,5 out of 5,No better value for taste,Wonderful Madura in truest sense.
601 Blue Label Maduro,3 out of 5,Fair choice,Good cigar
601 Blue Label Maduro,5 out of 5,Good smoke,"One if my favorite cigars as of now. There are better cigars out there of coarse, but for the price this is very good every day smoke for those who like nice full body cigar. Its definitely one to try and keep a few in your arsenal.."
601 Blue Label Maduro,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
601 Blue Label Maduro,5 out of 5,Sold on 601,"Very solid blend. Great, rich flavors, even burn, perfect draw, no complaints. I’d love to keep at least a five pack on hand at all times. Got this in the sampler."
601 Blue Label Maduro,5 out of 5,Simply Excellent,Like most people I always have a nice variety of cigars in my humidor and I asure that I never let this one run low!
601 Blue Label Maduro,5 out of 5,601 blue,great cigars!!
601 Blue Label Maduro,4 out of 5,Worth the money,Nice smooth smoke. All around great cigar.
601 Blue Label Maduro,5 out of 5,Hard to beat,Delicious smooth strong smoke. Great draw and Burns well. Construction could be a bit better. But flavors are all you could want from a Maduro.
601 Blue Label Maduro,3 out of 5,601 maduro,Solid smoke strong from beginning to end..
601 Blue Label Maduro,5 out of 5,Very pleasant accident.,Stumbled on these a while back while bidding on anything I could find. Quickly became one of my favorites. Well built and tasty.
601 Blue Label Maduro,5 out of 5,601 Blue Box pressed maduro,Excellent....burned well great taste... very enjoyable.... now I need to try the Oscuro
601 Blue Label Maduro,5 out of 5,Awesome,This is an awesome cigar. My favorite affordable smoke..
601 Blue Label Maduro,5 out of 5,Perfect in every way,"Perfect Smoke.
Nothing else to even say!!!"
601 Blue Label Maduro,5 out of 5,One of the BEST!,"Had these Babies aging over the years and had one every now and then.
They are super top notch. I wonder if the older ones I have are close to those made today?
I sure hope they are. If so, they cannot be Beat!"
601 Blue Label Maduro,4 out of 5,Well Done,"A very smooth Maduro, no harshness whatsoever. Beautiful wrapper with a perfect box press. Not quite as much flavor as some of my favorite maduros, however the flavor is pleasant and smooth, again with no harshness. Chocolatey indeed and well worth the price. I don't keep many in my regular rotation, but this one earns a spot for sure."
601 Blue Label Maduro,5 out of 5,Great,"Great burn, and tons of flavor. In my top 5 ever."
601 Blue Label Maduro,5 out of 5,601 Blue Label box pressed maduro robusto,"This is one of my top 5 favorites.
Every time I have one, I wonder why I still bother to buy other samplers."
601 Blue Label Maduro,5 out of 5,Wow!,Wow! What an amazing smoke. This 601 Blue is top of the line. Will definitely be getting some more.
601 Blue Label Maduro,4 out of 5,"Not bad, not bad at all.","I tried the 601 Blue Box-Pressed Maduro Robusto on a recommendation.
It's a good stick though I am not sure I would buy them again. They lack in flavor from what I am used to smoking -- the Don Pepin Blue."
601 Blue Label Maduro,5 out of 5,One of my favorite sticks,Beautifully constructed and full flavored box pressed maduro. Wonderful spice with notes of creaminess and earth. Highly recommend for smokers who love a quality smoke. Smoke em if you got em...enjoy
601 Blue Label Maduro,5 out of 5,Hershey's!,"Delicious cigar! Can you spell; choc-o-laty""?"
601 Green Oscuro,5 out of 5,Awesome smoke,Awesome smoke
601 Green Oscuro,5 out of 5,"Excellent cigar, rich with flavor","Excellent cigar, rich with flavor and long burning."
601 Green Oscuro,5 out of 5,EXCELLENT CIGAR,Simply a great cigar. Lots of smoke comes from this little gem. Try it with a morning cup of coffee and I am sure you will be pleased. Shot right to my top list of cigars.
601 Green Oscuro,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar. You can't go wrong with this one or the Blue.
601 Green Oscuro,3 out of 5,A well constructed cigar. Feels,A well constructed cigar. Feels great in your hand. Initial pre-cut pepper from the wrapper. As the cigar develops you get some nice balanced flavors of earth and leather and sweetness. It's a full but not overpowering cigar.
601 Green Oscuro,4 out of 5,Might be perfection,"I am hoping these will mellow in my humidor. These are great but a little too strong of flavor for me. Nothing negative to report, love this cigar."
601 Green Oscuro,5 out of 5,Love um,One of the best for the money out there!
601 Green Oscuro,4 out of 5,Great Cigar!,"Had another one last night... Strength, body, earthy espresso... Excellent paired with a good bourbon!"
601 Green Oscuro,4 out of 5,Really nice smoke,Good draw good burn and nice smoke output with nice flavor
601 Green Oscuro,5 out of 5,Try it,Was looking at these for a few weeks and finally gave in and tried them. Nice and smooth with a great flavor
601 Green Oscuro,5 out of 5,Good,This is a great cigar and especially at the price I got them for. Would buy again and I have actually been looking to try some of the other ones within this line. Good medium to full blend that is just the right smoke for a quick break away from the computer or to just sit and enjoy the sun set. Whatever the occasion is this cigar won’t disappoint. Keep them lit everyone.
601 Green Oscuro,5 out of 5,great cigar!,"This is one of the best cigars I think for under $10. Nice Construction with a very firm white ash. A blast of spice up front, that Mellows out into a smooth tasting cigar. Had hints of coffee, spice, salt and faint hints of chocolate"
601 Green Oscuro,5 out of 5,"Yes, so much yes","From the sampler. From the first draw, fantastic flavors. Very impressed with this coffee and dessert stick."
601 Green Oscuro,5 out of 5,It doesn't get much better,"The Espinosa 601 Green Label is probably one of my favorite sticks. It's strong, but very smooth, so be careful. It does bite back !"
601 Green Oscuro,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,This most definitely a quality cigar mild to full body with plenty of complex qualities in flavor.
601 Green Oscuro,4 out of 5,Very Enjoyable,"I really enjoyed this cigar. After a couple of months of humidor time it turned out to be very mellow, but full of flavor."
601 Green Oscuro,5 out of 5,Still good!!,"I remember when these came out and were considered a powerhouse smoke. Maybe my palate has continued to develop, but--though still a tasty and well-made cigar--they don't seem to have as much ""oomph"" as I recall."
601 Green Oscuro,5 out of 5,Sweet & Spice...that's nice,"Solid construction, good draw, and has flavors of white pepper and chocolate. Medium in body with a touch of full results in a consistent cigar anytime of the day."
601 Green Oscuro,5 out of 5,Amazing Smoke!!!,This is an absolutely wonderful stick!!! Great draw and construction with tons of flavor. I just ordered another ten yesterday. One of my new go to smokes.
601 Green Oscuro,5 out of 5,Enjoyed!,First time I tried an Oscuro! I liked that they smoked evenly and not to strong! Good deal from CI!
601 Green Oscuro,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigars in excellent condition
601 Green Oscuro,5 out of 5,Awesome,My favorite smoke. I will always have these in my humidor.
601 Green Oscuro,5 out of 5,601,Awesome smoke! Good even burn throughout. Easy draw with a ton of flavor. Was gunna let em sit in the humidor for a while but couldn't wait to finish them off. Have another 5 pack on its way now .
601 Green Oscuro,5 out of 5,601 green,Great cigar
601 Green Oscuro,5 out of 5,Love me some 601's,"I've been smoking cigars for about 40 years, but the last 4 or 5 have been about discovering and appreciating the full bodied kind. I stumbled onto the 601 blend by accident, but it has now become my favorite, with the Green being my absolute favorite. My first experience with Mr. Green gave me the spins (like I had the first time I inhaled a Lucky). After that, I smoked the rest with patience and respect, and have to say now that the 601 Green is my # 1 stick. I think all of the 601's are worth trying, if you haven't tried them before. The blue, red, silver, and La Bomba are all excellent blends, and one of those might fit your taste better than the Green."
601 Green Oscuro,5 out of 5,601 Green Oscuro Tronco,Excellent full flavor smoke with smooth finish!
601 Green Oscuro,5 out of 5,Perfect in every way,"Unreal Perfect Smoke!!
YES, AGE THEM!!
Holy Cow!!"
601 Green Oscuro,5 out of 5,Aged is Awesome!!,"I have had a Box of these in a Humidor for years. About once a year I'll pull one out and Smoke it!
The taste and other Components are just Perfect!
I can't say if those 10 years ago are like today's but, the ones I have will melt in your Mouth.
Thank you!"
601 Green Oscuro,4 out of 5,Nice stick for rotation,"Got this one originally on my monthly order (what a great deal for expanding horizons) and I really liked it. Ordered another batch and confirmed this as a solid smoke that leaves nothing on the table. Consistent construction, full flavor from stem to stern with enough complexity to keep you interested. Would never be ashamed to offer one to a friend or my boss."
601 La Bomba,4 out of 5,"Good,strong cigar","601 Serie LaBomba Flash Bang,these are tasty cigars when properly aged.Most are tasty,slow burning,and fragrant.A few are ""green""and harsh and barely enjoyable.Make sure to let them rest a while and you'll be rewarded for your patience.Thanks.C.I.For great service."
601 La Bomba,4 out of 5,Very nice cigar,Very nice cigar
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,Flavor Bomba,"Like the entire line of 601 La Bomba, this size keeps the savory, earthy and spice notes coming along with some cocoa and coffee."
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,Smoking,Great cigar!
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,"Great everyday cigar, taste great,","Great everyday cigar, taste great, burn even, I can chew on them half the day while pouring concrete!"
601 La Bomba,4 out of 5,Napalm,"Great cigar, first one was split and exploded when lit, second one unraveled immediately after lighting, the rest will wait in the humidor for a while."
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,It's the bomb,I really enjoy the bold taste and have been buying the past few years
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,Great cigars,"One of my favorite smokes. The 7 gage by 7"" is a bit uncomfortable for me, but 6 by 6 is wonderful. Great if you like ligero."
601 La Bomba,4 out of 5,601,Good flavor but strong core.
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,GREAT PICK,"I really enjoyed this smoke ,Great Pick for the buck !"
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,Suprising,"Pack with a earthy/robust aroma, tightly wrap. Maintain its flavor throughout the smoke. Above average draw....I like it a lot"
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,Really Enjoyed them,Nice 60 R no bite... good even burn...will definitely order more
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,Excellent,"Great tasting medium to full taste, but full of ligero."
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,Not as strong as advertised,Not as strong as advertised but a really good flavor. Best 601 I've had yet
601 La Bomba,4 out of 5,Flash bang,"Repeat buys. Good mechanics, consistency, good draw. Nice bite not too strong, short and to the point. Almost an every dayer."
601 La Bomba,4 out of 5,Puff puff,Solid full body cigar- didn’t share with anyone 😃😆 nice with single malt burben
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,Great Smokes,a really well constructed tasty smoke that won't disappoint and at great price as well.
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,From the first draw to the last what a good Smoke. Powerful but smooth. I’m glad I tried them. I will buy more.
601 La Bomba,4 out of 5,excellent!,"great flavor, wonderful construction, a little to leathery near the finish but otherwise a fantastic full bodied smoke!"
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,Surprised,Smooth and mellow with intriguing toasted flavor
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,Good strong smoke!,"If you like powerful cigars, you’ll love these. Great with a single malt scotch."
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Strong yet smooth lots of flavor
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,Lalalalalalala bomba,"Great cigar. It's a strong one, but has a nice balance of flavors."
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,Pull the trigger,You can't beat this cigar for the price. Everyone I've given this cigar to has loved it. Great taste; low price. Win win!
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,Becoming a favorite,"Make me an offer was very very good to me for this great smoke.
Thanks so much !!!!"
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,Love the service,Love the service
601 La Bomba,4 out of 5,Excellent,Strong and i like strong but smooth as well. My favorite cigar for now. Perfect with a cup of coffee
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,FLASH!ANG! WOW!!!!!,"This La Bomba Beauty packs a punch!!!!! Delicious throughout and as full bodied as Jayne Mansfield. I just ordered 2 more boxes, can't wait for them to arrive. Absolutely one of my all time favorites. Well done 601!"
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,FLASH BANG BABY!!!!,"Great, strong flavorful tobacco at a great price. I'll always have these as a staple in my humidor, I'd recommend this to anyone who wants a good full body smoke Good stick, not for the person who does not appreciate a full bodied cigar. Definitely a palate wrecker in a great way!!!!!"
601 La Bomba,3 out of 5,They are a good Humidor filler,The are an ok stick; I was expecting more
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,601 Series,"This is a great smoke reminds me very much of a shorty diesel, great value and great flavor"
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,Flash Bang!!!,Great cigar!
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great vital at a great price
601 La Bomba,4 out of 5,It's an OK cigar.,I was expecting to be put through the roof with the disclaimer included in the box as an extremely strong cigar. I found it to be a decent smoke but not one I would call extreme. It's a good smoke
601 La Bomba,3 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
601 La Bomba,3 out of 5,Underimpressed,They were ok but I was not blown away like I expected.
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,padron 2000 maduro,excellent
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,A tasty morsel...,"A surprisingly smooth full-bodied smoke. Easy burn. Low maintenance in that when the stick was lit, it remained lit. Once my mouth and taste buds begin smiling, my face was not far behind.Enjoyable experience."
601 La Bomba,4 out of 5,Good Smoke,Nice smoke. Flavorful without being overbearing. Keep it in your rotation. Recommended buy.
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,Real BANG for your buck!!!!,One of my new favorite smokes. Full bodied with good peppery flavor.
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,Best smoke,I recommend this to anyone who wants a good full body smoke
601 La Bomba,4 out of 5,Strong cigar,"Good stick, not for the person who does not appreciate a full bodied cigar. Definitely a palate wrecker."
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,La Bomba Atom,"Great, strong flavorful tobacco at a great price. I'll always have these as a staple in my humidor"
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,As good as it gets!,"I was born in Havana, had the pleasure of smoking Cuban cigars at a very early age. This is as close as it get to home. Espinosa has made a direct replica of our cigars! Great smoke, strong and aromatic as it should be."
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,Spectacular ending!,For me... It was a Great Experience... with a Sweet and Powerful ending! I recommend it 100%
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,Great-One!,Excellent burn & smoke! Great sweet power-punch ending! 100% Recommended.
601 La Bomba,3 out of 5,"Not a bad smoke, it needs a bit more flavor",Powerful but not too much aroma.
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,"Amazing bold, spicey cigar that mellows as you smoke it","Respect this cigar; it will throat punch you if you don't! It's an amazing Habana wrapper cigar. Very bold and flavorful. It produces a lot of textured smoke from the moment you lite it. First puffs out the nostrils burn amazingly, it melows as you smoke it and an ash forms. After ashing it returns to being in your face bold. Nice solid ash. If you understand this, ""This cigar is to your nostrils and taste buds what good spicey Mexican food is to your uran..."" you'll this cigar. This is now my favorite Habana cigar."
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,Awesome cigars,"Excellent taste, great body and aromatic evolution, perfect burning. Very happy about this discovery, especially at CI's ""Make me an offer"" amazing price."
601 Red Habano,4 out of 5,"Solid, smooth smoke","From the start, a clean even burn to the end. No issues there. Easy on the draw and all around tasty medium cigar. This gave me the opportunity to purchase a Xikar x2 cutter from a local shop, and stray away from the punch cutter I know and love. I have 3 left and will try to let one of two of them age, and enjoy the other real soon."
601 Red Habano,5 out of 5,Great Value!!!,Pleasant surprise. #14 cigar of 2017 and we’ll deserved. A bargain price make this one of the best values out there. Aged mine 2 years and it was terrific.
601 Red Habano,5 out of 5,Great everyday smoke,Great everyday smoke
601 Red Habano,5 out of 5,601,Fantastic smoke I recommend it burns even smoke doesn’t linger while sitting before your next puff doesn’t get hot at the end will but again
601 Red Habano,4 out of 5,601,"These are a very smooth smoke with an even draw and burn rate, Really enjoyed the flavor. Great daily smoke as well"
601 Red Habano,5 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth
601 Red Habano,5 out of 5,5 star good price,Love them 601 red and green
601 Red Habano,5 out of 5,Great line!,Another winner from a growing line of winners
601 Red Habano,4 out of 5,"Long lasting, even burning. Decent","Long lasting, even burning. Decent everyday cigar."
601 Red Habano,1 out of 5,Burned too hot,Got a full box and all of them burned too hot. Never really got to appreciate them. Would not buy again
601 Red Habano,5 out of 5,Enjoyable smoking cigar,Enjoyable smoking cigar
601 Red Habano,5 out of 5,601 Red Habano Toro,Well constructed medium bodied toro. Excellent draw with a somewhat fruity aroma. Will buy again.
601 Red Habano,4 out of 5,601 red,"Good Habano wrapper. Wood and white pepper and yes, tea aftertaste. Not a flavor bomb but satisfying smoke."
601 Red Habano,4 out of 5,Happy,Happy
601 Red Habano,5 out of 5,Wonderful,These are amazing cigars!!!
601 Red Habano,2 out of 5,Cigar disaster,Once you cut the cigar the wrapper exploded so I didn’t get to enjoy it. So I cut the next one and did the same thing. I just thru the rest away.
601 Snakebite,5 out of 5,"Awesome cigar,very smooth and rich.","Awesome cigar,very smooth and rich. Well constructed with a even burn"
601 Snakebite,5 out of 5,Like!,"Smooth, even burn, stays lit, good flavor. A really good EDC!"
601 Snakebite,5 out of 5,Fantastic!,"Medium body, full flavor gem from Espinosa. Would buy a box in a heartbeat!"
601 Snakebite,4 out of 5,Great everyday cigar.,Great everyday cigar.
601 Snakebite,4 out of 5,Good Medium to full body cigar,"Very pleased these were on sale recently. I had purchased them previously and remembered they were a good cigar. And I was not disappointed. With this batch either. It burns evenly, and the Churchhill especially Burns for a long time."
601 Snakebite,5 out of 5,Good cigar,"Really enjoyable robust cigar. Good full flavor. Ring gauge is slightly narrow for my taste, but can't complain about the cigar."
601 Snakebite,5 out of 5,Great Cig,Very nice smooth medium smoke good woody flavor..
601 Snakebite,5 out of 5,My personal favorite.,This has emerged as my go-to of the Espinosas. This is truly one of my favorite cigars and l purchase it often. The fact that it’s reasonably priced is just an extra perk. Awesome cigar.
601 Snakebite,5 out of 5,Very good stick,"Very good
Would buy
I usually buy 601 blue. But got this in my club selection
Just a little different taste than the blue
Very nice tobacco flavor and nice even smoke
Another winner from Espinosa"
601 Snakebite,5 out of 5,Very nice cigar.long lasting and,Very nice cigar.long lasting and good even burn with very little harshness
601 Snakebite,4 out of 5,Enjoyed this one,"Nice size and feel. I tend to up the humidity of my smokes a bit, and this one was outstanding after a couple of days in my humidor."
601 Snakebite,5 out of 5,Top notch stick,"Well balanced stick, great taste and draw, burned evenly from start to finish. You won’t be disappointed!"
601 Snakebite,5 out of 5,Another great 601,"I'm a big fan of Erik espinosa's blends. I've tried just about all of the 601 line. The 601 white conneticut is bar none my favorite cigar. The snakebite is very complex in flavor. It has a good amount of spice and body, and some citrus as well. It is medium-full in strength but not overpowering. Mr espinosa's blends are always perfectly balanced regardless of strength and that's what sets his blends apart from other manufacturers. Try any of the 601 blends and you will see what I'm talking about, highly recommend!"
601 Snakebite,4 out of 5,VERY GOOD CIGAR!,I have never been a huge fan of Sumatra wrapper cigars. However the 601 Snakebite Churchill I smoked directly out of the cello offered something different. The flavor was crisp and spicy and unique. It is near full flavored with a great draw. Simply put it's a very good cigar.
601 Snakebite,5 out of 5,Daryl S.,The new snakebite lives up to its description. The buttery spice and dark espresso taste great in the Churchill size. I like the construction.
601 Snakebite,4 out of 5,I enjoyed it 😎,I enjoyed it 😎
601 Snakebite,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Slightly milder than the 601 Habano Green Label. Great flavor and construction plus a good price point.
601 Snakebite,5 out of 5,Snakebites,Delicious!
601 White Connecticut,5 out of 5,Nice smoke,Nice smoke
601 White Connecticut,5 out of 5,A great conneticut,"Bar none my favorite cigar. A perfect balance of body and spice, very smooth. Burn and construction are spot on, give them a try."
A. Flores Serie Privada,4 out of 5,Good cigar & nice draw,Good cigar & nice draw - another week in the humidor should do it !
A. Flores Serie Privada,5 out of 5,Very fine cigar for end,"Very fine cigar for end of day. Floral notes, spice, cocoa earth and leather all combined in this very complex smoke. Gets better with age in the box."
A. Flores Serie Privada,5 out of 5,Amazingly excellent smoke!!!!!,WOW just had my first one. Excellent smoke!!! A little lighter smoke than my A.B Prensado that I'm accustom to which is not bad. So far neck and neck race for my favorite.
A. Flores Serie Privada,3 out of 5,Medium? Not quite.,A little milder than I'm used to. Good quality roll and suitable for a cigar smoker who wants a light flavored cigar.
A. Flores Serie Privada,5 out of 5,mellow fellow Sinatra,Wonderful experience every pull !
A. Flores Serie Privada,5 out of 5,SP54 MADURO,"NICE CHEWY MADURO. GOOD BURN. AMPLE SMOKE.DRAW MAYBE JUST A TOUCH ON SNUG SIDE,BUT STILL CLOSE TO PERFECT.SLIGHT PEPPER WITH SOME SWEETNESS."
ACID 20 by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,Good,Good
ACID 20 by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,ACID 20,EXCELLENT CIGAR! ONE OF THE BEST CIGARS I HAVE SMOKED! ABSOLUTELY LOVE THEM!!!
ACID 20 by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Acid 20 sweet,"Great price for these cigars. The acid is my favorite thus far. It's a great tasting cigar, just enough sweetness but not overbearing and the aroma is great."
ACID 20 by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Outstanding!,Been an acid fan for many years. These are a favorite!
ACID 20 by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Great smoke,My current favorite. Highly recommend
ACID 20 by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Acid 20,Very sweet cigar and a very refined smoke.
ACID 20 by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Niceeeee,Really good smoke! Smooth draw and nice flavor from the beginning to the end. Great value when buying too.
ACID 20 by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Great flavor!,So Satisfying. I absolutely loved this cigar.
ACID 20 by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,good flavor,good flavor
ACID 20 by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Acid 20,Outstanding in Every Way!
ACID 20 by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,One of the bests,One of my favorites... I’ll keep them in hand!
ACID 20 by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Top 5 cigar in my book!,"Top 5 cigar in my book. The sweet that ACID is known for, along with some great flavors throughout the entire stick. I think making the stick a boxed pressed was a great call as well, just a great overall smile with a smooth, even burn. I would highly recommend the 20 for anyone looking for a great all-around cigar!"
ACID 20 by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Excellent,By far one of my favorites. Great taste good burn definitely would recommend.
ACID 20 by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Delicious,"Received one as a gift, having it now. Delicious. Just had to come here, probably going to order some."
ACID 20 by Drew Estate,3 out of 5,Total let down.,"I have to say i was very excited when these were released and i jumped right on a box. Total let down for me, very harsh on the flavor bitter toward the middle. I havent been able to finish one yet."
ACID 20 by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Hit the mark for me,By far my favorite acid that I have had. Has a lot of good flavor notes that a traditional cigar would have but with a sweetness that acid is known for.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,consistent flavor and clean burn,consistent flavor and clean burn
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Great,Great
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,great flavor cigar. Small but,great flavor cigar. Small but a great smoke.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,kubas,Love my kubas
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Great tasting cigars,Perfect balance of flavor
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,I really like the taste,I really like the taste of the cigar and how it smoke
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Ver happy,"Always a great smoke, quick delivery"
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,You asked!,They’re great cigars what else can I say!!
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Not found a Drew l,Not found a Drew l didn't like.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,"C. McFarland, Deep Dish by Drew Estate","Very mild and mellow smoke, with just the perfect blend of flavor."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,"Nice flavor,great burn. Received in","Nice flavor,great burn. Received in timely manner."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"Great cigar, but slow to ship."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,love them great smoke,my favorite cigar
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Deep Dish,"Good smoke, good draw and nice ash."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Sweet and smooth,Great summertime cigar for at the beach or for sitting in the back yard on a hot day.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,My favorite cigar,"It's always been my favorite cigar. They are flavored but not to the point where you feel like you're chewing on a candy. Licking your lips give you a little sweetness but the cigar itself still lets you know you're smoking a cigar with a slight bite. I would like to try the larger version at some point, sometimes I feel that I would like to keep smoking in the company of others, but my cigar is done. Mostly my fault for not ordering them. Drew estate's has always been great and acid just makes them better, can't wait to try their other varieties. As for now my humidor is filled with blondies."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Excellent,Great cigar smooth sweet will be returning to buy more
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Acid,great cigars
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar.,Excellent cigar.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,most enjoyable smoke. A very,most enjoyable smoke. A very flavor filled smoke that is pleasant to enjoy in all settings.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,Kuba Kuba is the best of the ACID line,"I like all of the Drew Estates offerings, but the ACID Kuba Kuba is by far my favorite. The blend of flavors is delightful. Any time I'm feeling generous enough to share my stash of Kuba Kubas with friends, they are blown away. Highly recommend!"
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Awesome,"I love the Kuba's, and at this price I can afford them. Thanks"
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Old reliable,Old reliable
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Favorite,My new favorite go to cigar. Delicious anytime
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Love this Cigar,Love this Cigar
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,These are my favorite,These are my favorite
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,Nothing better than an after dinner ACID and a nice bourbon on the rocks. HEAVEN!!!
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Favorite,Great cigars. Just what I was looking for
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Drew estates,Excellent cigar. Always a crowd favorite
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Hi,"These cigars are great, taste is really good and even draw."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,very satisfied,Ben smoking Acid cigars for a while. I enjoy them. The cigars in this shipment were excellent . Shipping was quick and the price was reasonable. Will be back. Thank you.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,A Favorite,"Smooth, nice burning cigar with a pleasant flavor. Best Acid hands down. 10"
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Best Infused,Hands down the best infused cigar - consistent throughout cigar and with every stick .
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Smooth and Mild,Smooth and Mild
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Favorite cigar!,Just one of the best. Kuba Kuba never fails to satisfy. A sweet lip and smooth flavor.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Great smoke to the nub,Great smoke to the nub
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Kuba Kuba,"One of my favorite cigars. So smooth, never harsh and a nice finish."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Winner!,Been a fan of Kuba for years. Cannot go wrong with this tasty stick!
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,"As I’ve gotten older, I’ve","As I’ve gotten older, I’ve moved away from the maduros to these mild sweet infused cigars from Drew Estate. Not my outside “working” cigar, but my “relaxing” cigar."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,"Good taste, nice ash. Only","Good taste, nice ash. Only they are expensive. I buy them only when they are on sale. I enjoy them a lot"
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,Acid,Good smoke and good flavor. Enjoy with you favorite evening drink.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Acids,Love the taste of these. I like most of the Acid brand cigars.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Excellent quality at a great,Excellent quality at a great price
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Great everyday cigar,Great everyday cigar
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Kubas can’t go wrong,Showed up just in time for golf. Friend loved them as well. Great burn. Smooth cigar.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,These are my go to,These are my go to cigars. Reasonably priced and a good smoke.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Awesome cigar,"Love these cigars, were highly recommended in the reviews."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Very Good.,"These Grande ACID Cigars’s were incredible. I have just begun my Cigar appreciation, and the Acid by Drew Estates are really on-point.
I would recommend them."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,great flavor cigar. Small but,great flavor cigar. Small but a great smoke.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Great tasting cigars,Perfect balance of flavor
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Not found a Drew l,Not found a Drew l didn't like.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,My favorite cigar,"It's always been my favorite cigar. They are flavored but not to the point where you feel like you're chewing on a candy. Licking your lips give you a little sweetness but the cigar itself still lets you know you're smoking a cigar with a slight bite. I would like to try the larger version at some point, sometimes I feel that I would like to keep smoking in the company of others, but my cigar is done. Mostly my fault for not ordering them. Drew estate's has always been great and acid just makes them better, can't wait to try their other varieties. As for now my humidor is filled with blondies."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke with a slight,Excellent smoke with a slight touch of sweetness. Nice mild smoke.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,good sticks,they were fresh.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Favorite Cigar ever...,Favorite Cigar ever...
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Great tasting cigars. Will get,Great tasting cigars. Will get again.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,My ACID Cigars,I love the Acid cigar. They are sweet at the tip and for women that’s always a good thing. Will be ordering more.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Smooth and light very good,Smooth and light very good smoke
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,4 out of 5,"If you like flavored cigars, these are great.","I bought these for some friends who like flavored cigars. They love them. However, not my cup of tea."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Great sticks,Great sticks
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,👍😉,👍😉
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,4 out of 5,Very good,Very good
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Love them,Love them
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Gloria,Smoked Acid Blondie for years love the flavor and size.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,I had forgotten how pleasant they are to smoke.,I'll back for more.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,My favorite cigars by far.,My favorite cigars by far.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,excellent smoke,excellent smoke
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,These Drew Estate cigars are,"These Drew Estate cigars are the best tasting, as far as I'm concerned, that they have on the market. Smooth draw along with long lasting flavor. A really nice treat to the pallet."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Acid Blondie -Red,Great taste. My wife enjoys these when she spends smoke time with me.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,"Quick, sweet, and easy","The petite coronas are perfect for a quick, casual smoke with friends who don't have a lot of cigar smoking experience. I enjoy the slightly sweet flavor and unique aroma of these Acids. This is the ideal Acid to try in my opinion."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,"these are always smooth ,","these are always smooth , great cigar to enjoy with limited time"
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,"Nice, smooth, sweet cigar","Nice, smooth, sweet cigar"
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,4 out of 5,Great and Smooth,Great and smooth smoking.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Fabulous,Great cigar
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Acid Cigars,These are a smooth and sweet way to relax in the hammock. My wife even loves these.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Top 5,One of the smoothest and sweetest cigars I've had. A bit too sweet but it lasted the whole way through. Very clean sweet flavor and smoke.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Thumbs uo,Very tasty!!
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Blondie,It was a great smoke.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Just as I expected. Great,Just as I expected. Great choice and delivery was timely.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,These are a great tasty,"These are a great tasty cigar, it has a nice smooth draw and is a perfect for cocktails.
Id give it five stars. I am still partial to the blue blonds a half star more."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Great mild taste,My favorite
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Just became one of my favorites,A very tasty and smooth cigar five stars.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Acid,"Acid flavored cigars are fantastic, I’ve tried other flavored cigars they had very little to offer and left me with tobacco in my mouth. I just wished I hadn’t a box of the inferior cigars."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,DREW ESTATE BLONDI BELOCOSO,GREAT TASTING CIGA LOVE THEM
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Blonde Belicoso,Awesome cigars - Drew Estates keep up the good work ork
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,One of the best guys,One of the best guys I’ve ever smoked
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,nice smooth taste,great smoke
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Best Ever,Probably the best smoke ever!
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Cigars,Great tasting
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Blondies,"Great little cigar ,perfect for when you want to have a cigar but don't have a lot of time, burns nice ,tastes good,light good smoke."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Cigar purchase,Happy with purchase.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Gary B's thoughts,"Awesome cigar, that just works for any occasion."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Acid,Great cigar
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Blondies,I love these little things. Best cigar to me. I just started smoking cigars and everybody keep telling me I should try this one or that one. I love the Acid Blondies.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,An excellent choice!,"Great smoke! Easy draw, rapper is slightly sweet. Pairs very well with coffee. These are a great value for the money."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Always a great small cigar,Always a great small cigar with great taste!
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Blondie-Acid,"Always a great burn, flavor and price. Nothing better."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Very Nice!,"The Blondie Belicoso is a very nice Acid cigar. Good burn, smoke, taste. Relaxing, even in MI in March!"
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,ACID Opulence 3 by Drew Estate Toro,GREAT SMOOTH SMOKE WITH A LITTLE HINT ON HEAVEN
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Acid Cigar Opulence 3,"This cigar is hands down my favorite infused smoke. It's smooth, sweet and well balanced throughout the cigar and adds a little spice towards the end. Always well rolled with an even burn. I've enjoyed them for years and have never once been disappointed."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Best of DE Acid line.,Currently one of the best cigars in the Acid line offered by Drew Estates. Mild with lots of chewy smoke. Draw is excellent along with overall construction. Always a good tight ash.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Doesn't get any better,"Love this cigar, the taste, and the aroma. The wife loves the aroma too!"
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,4 out of 5,"A veery nice medium, pleasantly","A veery nice medium, pleasantly infused cigar."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,FIVE STARS,My favorite infused cigar ever.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,The Best,My favorite Drew Estate cigar. The taste and aroma are outstanding.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,If you like mild sweet cigars then give one a try.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Another winner!,"Excellent structure, flavor, burn and feel. Another very nice smoke from Drew Estate."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,3 out of 5,"Love Drew Estates, prefer Acid","Love Drew Estates, prefer Acid"
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,One of my favorite Drew,One of my favorite Drew Estates!
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Smooth,I love them
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Acid opulance,"A great stick and my favorite. It burns nice, smells good, is mild and has a slightly sweet taste. Everyone I share them with loves them."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,these are awesome,these are awesome
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Undercrown,Smooth medium flavor. Thick white smoke. Slight sweet taste. Thanks Drew Estate. Another favorite.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Smooth and Flavorful from Beginning to End,"The best cigar I have tasted (under $7)! No bite, easy to re-light. Friends like them, too. But I'm keeping the rest for myself! And, with the 14 extra cigars in the box deal, you just can't beat it!"
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth One of the Best!
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,King of Cigars,"This is the best cigar I've had after smoking for 36 years. I know everyone has different taste - to me, the Opulence 3 is smooth, had the sweet taste of what Acid cigars are known for. Also, I'm very impressed with the box they come in. Not your normal, everyday box."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,4 out of 5,great,great easy smoke
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,4 out of 5,DE Opulence,"Very good smoke. Nicely rolled, nice aroma. Lived up to the Drew estate reputation"
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Smooth smoking slow burning cigar,Smooth smoking slow burning cigar one of my favorites 👍🏾👍🏾
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Floss it.,best flavor ACID cigar in my opinion! not too much not too strong just right! perfect for social gathering and turned heads asking where is that manly smell coming from?
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,the best,"very tasty, toasty, aroma of manliness?"
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,One of my favorite cigars,One of my favorite cigars
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Deserves the high rating it has.,"I not normally a big fan of flavored cigars and I originally bought these for my wife to try. Turns out that these are a solid smoke with a nice infused flavor that is something different than the norm. I smoke everyday and I'll have one of these for an afternoon stick regularly. It's a nice break from the norm and the flavor, construction and draw are all good. They sometimes get a bit ashy tasting at the very end but that's more likely my fault since I tend to over-puff these because the taste is so enjoyable."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,I reviewed this cigar back in 2016 see below. the only comment I have now is buy the robusto. After smoking boxes upon boxes of this cigar I can tell you the robusto out of the 3 sizes is the best packed and best burning and best tasting. I constantly found the other 2 sizes are packed looser which makes the burn very uneven and must relight a lot. Also it effects the flavor with to much air flow. I normally prefer Toro size cigars but with this one I now only buy the rubusto. Hope this helps.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Great buy,These are delicious smokes at a reasonable price for the quality that you get. Never disappointed
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Awesome Cigar,This has got to one of the best tasting and burning cigars ever. The aroma that this cigar puts off is so amazing you’ll have people wondering. What is that you’re smoking? Great cigar
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,3 out of 5,Good Cigar,"I would buy them again. My 3 star rating is not a dis to the cigar it is just my basic star guide that I use. This cigar has a sweet cap and has a Kuba Kuba type taste, but not as strong nor does it (maybe first 3rd )last as long. I felt the flavor complexity for the cigar was great. I tasted hints of wood, earthy, and a bit of spice at points. It was a good smoke and I enjoyed it."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Loving the Acid brand,"I love the taste and smell of these cigars, as so does my wife!!!"
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Top Notch,This is my favorite cigar! Smooth is an understatement for this one!
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,2 out of 5,Wonderful aroma out of the box and thats where it stops,"I have been wanting to try these cigars ever since they came out. I got a great deal from CI so I took the plunge and bought a box. I was thoroughly disappointed in this cigar. It was supposed to be on the fuller bodied end and was not even close. I could not tell the difference from this stick and a KUBA KUBA. The flavor was bland and unimpressive, a real disappointment.
The only Positive I can tell you is that it was probably one of the best smelling cigars out of the box that I have ever smelt.
Wonderful botanical aromas and tobacco. Will not buy again at any price. For the record I am a full bodied profile smoker."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Acid Opulence 3,My husbands favorite cigars. They are tasty.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Something different,I enjoyed trying the drew estate sampler and opulence 3 box. It was a pleasant change from my usual cigar choices. I would encourage anyone to try these wonderful cigars for a nice change of pace.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Excellent,"These were great, I only wish I could order the same deal again."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,4 out of 5,Nice full bodied Drew,I think it is their best one not too much this or that just a good smoke
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Delicious opulence by Drew estates,"A medium mild delicious treat, a comforting smoke from beginning to end, a tasty draw with a sweet cocoa undertone, a truly pleasurable experience....."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Acid never fails in the quality of their products.,"Nitro Glycerin, ""Tha BOMB""."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Great,Consistently good smoke
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,I love these,I love these
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,They're great,They're great
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,sweet really a sweet smoking cigar,Top of the stack when it comes to infused cigars ... for the special days
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Excellent,They were great and I loved them. Wish there was another sale on them
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Undercrown meets Kuba?,"In my humble opinion, I believe the O3 has a subdued version of the infused flavors of an Acid Kuba Kuba. Same great construction and draw. Worth a shot if you like the Kuba but wouldn’t mind if they toned down the flavor a bit. Or if you love the Undercrown, but like a little infused flavor in the mix."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Wow!,Wow! That's all I can say...... What else do you expect from Drew Estate? I will be ordering more. I can't find them anywhere else. Great smoke. Great taste. Great flavor..... And my order came faster than expected. A must have!
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Opulence 3,This will and forever be my go to cigar. It's deep notes paired with slightly sweet taste and aroma is right for me anytime.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,1 out of 5,Price too good to be true,"Let me start by saying that I have smoked these many times in the past. Recently, I purchased the 20 pack through Cigar FU. They were a major disappointment: no flavor, canoe while burning, the draw was mostly air, they are very soft. Not the traditional quality if Opulence 3 that one would expect. Through Cigar FU I would summarize t he experience as follows: If the price seems too good to be true, it probably is."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,The right kind of different!,Very different but in true drew estate fashion they infused an interesting flavor of cloves and a sudden sweetness as they always do. I found that it almost tasted different cigar to cigar. I really enjoyed these.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Opulence 3,"Wow, the Opulence 3 tastes like you mixed a T52 and a Kuba Kuba. Will keep these stocked in the box from now on!"
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,The Best ACID,"I've smoked most of ACID's line and this one; the Opulence 3 is the best of them. The Opulence takes the infusion process just enough but does not dominate the very good tobaccos inside.
If you have been thinking about trying an ACID, start at their best, you will enjoy it."
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,consistent flavor and clean burn,consistent flavor and clean burn
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Great,Great
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,kubas,Love my kubas
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,I really like the taste,I really like the taste of the cigar and how it smoke
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Ver happy,"Always a great smoke, quick delivery"
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,You asked!,They’re great cigars what else can I say!!
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"Great cigar, but slow to ship."
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,love them great smoke,my favorite cigar
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Sweet and smooth,Great summertime cigar for at the beach or for sitting in the back yard on a hot day.
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Excellent,Great cigar smooth sweet will be returning to buy more
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Acid,great cigars
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar.,Excellent cigar.
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,most enjoyable smoke. A very,most enjoyable smoke. A very flavor filled smoke that is pleasant to enjoy in all settings.
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,Kuba Kuba is the best of the ACID line,"I like all of the Drew Estates offerings, but the ACID Kuba Kuba is by far my favorite. The blend of flavors is delightful. Any time I'm feeling generous enough to share my stash of Kuba Kubas with friends, they are blown away. Highly recommend!"
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Awesome,"I love the Kuba's, and at this price I can afford them. Thanks"
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Old reliable,Old reliable
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Favorite,My new favorite go to cigar. Delicious anytime
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Love this Cigar,Love this Cigar
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,These are my favorite,These are my favorite
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,Nothing better than an after dinner ACID and a nice bourbon on the rocks. HEAVEN!!!
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Drew estates,Excellent cigar. Always a crowd favorite
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,very satisfied,Ben smoking Acid cigars for a while. I enjoy them. The cigars in this shipment were excellent . Shipping was quick and the price was reasonable. Will be back. Thank you.
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,A Favorite,"Smooth, nice burning cigar with a pleasant flavor. Best Acid hands down. 10"
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Best Infused,Hands down the best infused cigar - consistent throughout cigar and with every stick .
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Smooth and Mild,Smooth and Mild
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Favorite cigar!,Just one of the best. Kuba Kuba never fails to satisfy. A sweet lip and smooth flavor.
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Great smoke to the nub,Great smoke to the nub
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Kuba Kuba,"One of my favorite cigars. So smooth, never harsh and a nice finish."
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Winner!,Been a fan of Kuba for years. Cannot go wrong with this tasty stick!
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,"As I’ve gotten older, I’ve","As I’ve gotten older, I’ve moved away from the maduros to these mild sweet infused cigars from Drew Estate. Not my outside “working” cigar, but my “relaxing” cigar."
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,"Good taste, nice ash. Only","Good taste, nice ash. Only they are expensive. I buy them only when they are on sale. I enjoy them a lot"
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,Acid,Good smoke and good flavor. Enjoy with you favorite evening drink.
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Acids,Love the taste of these. I like most of the Acid brand cigars.
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Excellent quality at a great,Excellent quality at a great price
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Kubas can’t go wrong,Showed up just in time for golf. Friend loved them as well. Great burn. Smooth cigar.
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,These are my go to,These are my go to cigars. Reasonably priced and a good smoke.
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Awesome cigar,"Love these cigars, were highly recommended in the reviews."
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Very Good.,"These Grande ACID Cigars’s were incredible. I have just begun my Cigar appreciation, and the Acid by Drew Estates are really on-point.
I would recommend them."
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,The sweet flavor that lasts,The sweet flavor that lasts for the entire cigar is great! Mild with no strong lingering after taste!
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Very nice mild taste,Very nice mild taste
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Outstanding,Can’t ever go wrong with any Drew Estate smoke. Great tasting burns well and satisfying. His time with L T. Was not waisted.
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Ceegars!,These came a bit dry but it never stops me from smoking them anyway. I’ve had many and DE are some of the best.
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar great company,Excellent cigar great company
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Enjoyable,Great tasting cigar.
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Kuba Kuba,"Not a fan of flavored cigars, but these have been a staple in my humidor since they came out. If nothing else strikes me, this is always my fall back stick."
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Great deal,Nice rapper that stays in tact one of the best cigars ever
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Kuba Kuba,Great cigars. Highly recommend.
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Good smokes..good for a change.,Good smokes..good for a change.
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,5 out of 5,Great stick!,Great stick!
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,3 out of 5,Not what I was expecting.,Not great but not terrible. I love the double perfecto shape but this cigar tastes rather plain and un-infused. Just not what I was expecting. The ACID line has several choices that are much better than the Def sea.
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,5 out of 5,Drew Estates,Another great buy from CI. The wrappers on the Tabaks are a bit brittle but won't let that keep me from enjoying them.
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,3 out of 5,Not impressed,"The acid line from drew estate never fails to impress me. These however are the exception. It doesnt taste infused at all it just tastes like an unflavored cigar. Which that's not the end of the world but still a bit disappointed. Not to mention they were packed funny. Barely any airflow resulting in almost no smoke. I had to cut it at both ends and light it 3 times. Not a terrible cigar, just not my favorite."
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,5 out of 5,Brittle,"The cigars were dry, not fresh"
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,5 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,5 out of 5,My Go To,"Always the same, a great smoke."
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,5 out of 5,Great cigars.,Great cigars.
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,4 out of 5,Good smoke,"This was my low cost, always good smoke, but the price has gone up over the past few years, still a good smoke, but may need to look for others out there,"
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,5 out of 5,very smooth,very smooth
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,4 out of 5,Great Cigars,I enjoy a good cigar after a hard day at work & this definitely fits the bill!
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,3 out of 5,DEF SEA and Me,"Good cigar,good taste, the fact that a couple of the cigars had hard stems in them causing unbalanced burn is the reason for mediocre rating."
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,3 out of 5,Def sea,Not enough flavor
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,3 out of 5,I ordered wrong cigar,"I like the blue lable acid cigar not what I ordered. This cigar torpedo, dont need, does not have sweet draw. This was me not knowing the full line. These cigars fine. Now I have a full box daaa"
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,5 out of 5,Great stuff!,Just a great flavorful mild smoke.
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,They definitely lived up to my expectations !!!
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,5 out of 5,Acid cigars,You guys provide great service. I'm always too busy to shop at the smoke shops.
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,4 out of 5,Yes please!,"One out of the five i received started to come apart. I have smoked two of these and enjoyed them both, easy draw and even burn. Another Acid cigar i will be adding to the humidor on a regular basis."
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,5 out of 5,A good smoke,A good smoke
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,3 out of 5,Good deal.,Decent cigar. Lighter that adjoins is poor.
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,4 out of 5,Cigarman,They were ok
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,3 out of 5,"Good, but not my favorite Drew","I love most of what Drew does, but this cigar is kinda interesting. It has the smell of what I love and the name on the band leads me to believe it will be good, but when I light it up and smoke it I am less than thrilled. It’s not a bad cigar and I will smoke them, but I will more easily give them away, then I would a Kuba or 3 or Isla del Sol."
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,2 out of 5,Acid cigars are my go to cigar but not these,We pretty much only smoke infused cigars and Acid's are my usual go to cigar so I couldn't pass up getting a whole box of these. We pulled out the first two and to our disappointment we did not get any infused taste. Not a bad cigar but no infused taste at all. Now I have a whole box of cigars that probably will not be smoked.
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,5 out of 5,Another great cigar from Drew Estate,Drew Estate is my go to cigar. Def Sea didn’t disappoint. Great burn and mild. Glad I bought a box.
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,5 out of 5,Great cigars,"Acid cigars of all types are my top pick for a great cigar, whether on the go or enjoying with friends."
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,2 out of 5,There are better options,Lackluster taste and burns too hot. Big disappointment from the Acid line!!! Time to take a break from infused cigars at this price.
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,5 out of 5,"Great cigars, always good!","Great cigars, always good!"
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,5 out of 5,Excellant cigars at and economical,Excellant cigars at and economical price to good to pass up. Thank you CI for your customer loyalty.
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,2 out of 5,Def Sea,Not to impressive to be honest. I would say I should’ve gotten Cuba Cubas.
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,3 out of 5,Def Sea,"I like these Def Sea cigars however I prefer the more infused taste like the Acid one, Blondie and Kuba Kuba."
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,2 out of 5,Acid smokes...,I feel like they use great wraps with subpar tobacco. I really thought they had higher standards
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,3 out of 5,No Infusion,"I did like the way it burned, and the draw was nice. However, there is no detectable Acid infusion in this cigar. No great aroma or taste. It does not live up to the Acid line, but a half decent smoke if you have a bourbon with it."
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,4 out of 5,Good choice,"I’m usually smoking Acid kuba Kubas for my dessert cigar, I thought I’d try these at a great price. Much lighter smoke and taste. I thought that there would more honey or sweetness, but not on this one. I’m keeping them in their box inside my humidor with hopes of a stronger taste next time. The chocolate/coffee infused cigars were quite interesting. Not a bad tasting cigar, and small enough for a quick 45 min smoke. They go great with a nice Cabernet."
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,2 out of 5,Ehhh? No thank you,"Bought 2 boxes by mistake and decided to keep both, came with great Acid sampler, thank goodness, I really enjoy Acid cigars and always have a few in my humidor. These guys were a disappointment, burn was fine, some wrapper issues about every 3 rd one.
But not the best infused Acid out there, actually the worst. So if you want a light infusion maybe it's for you. I won't buy this stick again"
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,5 out of 5,never a bad one,"Whenever I am indecisive on what to get, ACID is the fall back cigar for me. No matter if its the Blondie or Kuba Kuba, never a bad smoke."
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,4 out of 5,Great smoke!!!!Acid DefSea,Great smoke
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,5 out of 5,Service.,I am very impressed with the cigar quality. Thanks Guys. Vaughn Riffe GM Old Line Wine and Spirits! Cheers
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,3 out of 5,There ok thought they would,There ok thought they would of had a better taste and been more mild
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,3 out of 5,Def Sea does not amaze,"The cigar is OK, but I suppose I was looking for something spectacular. The roll is a bit loose, and the sticks run hot and smoke fast. Not my favorite, but a good one to have as a spare for those who know no better."
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,4 out of 5,Another great Acid,"Nice smooth smoke, Good flavo, and very enjoyable."
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,1 out of 5,Def Sea,Did not like the flavore. I love most cigars by Drew estate.
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,5 out of 5,Great cigar,I am no cigar pro and smoke Acid blondies regularly. The Def Sea cigars are incredibly smooth and feel well made.
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,1 out of 5,no flavor,i thought from the description it would have more flavor. very plain
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,3 out of 5,Def Sea,I was expecting a lot more taste from this stick.
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,3 out of 5,wasnt as favorable as I thought I will experience.,It burned well and decent smoke but I was searching for the favor of the cigar. Didn't get much of the taste but enjoyable.
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,3 out of 5,Not too bad but not great,Drew Estate is one of my favorite Cigar makers. The Kuba Kuba is the favorite but this Sea Def Sea was a little bolder and not as enticing. If its not a COHIBA or a ROMEO JULIET the Kuba Kuba will be always be my good to go.
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,5 out of 5,Acid cigars,Love Drew Estate products they never fail to satisfy. From mild to full or flavored their cigars are first rate
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,5 out of 5,Israel'S review,"Very good customer support service, received ok on time, very sactified with all the treatment received"
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,4 out of 5,Nice smoke,Was very pleased with the blend. Another winner by Drew Estates.
AFR-75 San Andres Claro,5 out of 5,Homerun,"Probably one of the best PDR offering— SMooth , Buttery and satisfying... definitely a premium stick"
Aganorsa Leaf Connecticut,3 out of 5,Good but...,"Wonderful flavors. easy draw and well constructed. However, these are suprisingly strong for being such a mild smoke. But I'm just not into very strong cigars."
Aganorsa Leaf Connecticut,4 out of 5,Connecticut with a kick!,"Great smoke! Fuller bodied than the average Connecticut. Even, consistent burn, nice flavor profile throughout. Flattened out at the end, but overall, I would recommend this stick!"
Aganorsa Leaf Connecticut,5 out of 5,My favorite,"Well, this is the best cigar I've ever had. Got a few variations in a sampler and loved the Conn. Bought a box, had one, bought another box. Puts Fuente to shame in my book. Pricey, but worth it for 2-3 a week. Rich, deep flavor. Like a whole different experience. Maybe just my peculiar taste, but I want one about every 3rd cigar. I also like Don Pepin Garcia, My Father, and 5 Vegas classic if that helps. If a cigar smoker doesn't like these I'm stumped."
Aganorsa Leaf Signature Selection,5 out of 5,GREAT SMOKE,"VERY COMPLEX CIGAR, GREAT MORNING CIGAR WITH COFFEE, ENJOY EVERY STICK"
Aganorsa Leaf Signature Selection,5 out of 5,Amazing Nicaraguan Cigar,"Such a great Cigar! A+ all the way!
Truest expectional blending of tobacco creates an even more exceptionally eventful smoking experience...
Now, I may be biased because I love Nicaraguan grown tobacco to me it’s the best and most flavorful in the world.
For a Nicaraguan Puro it’s about as close to perfection as you can get.
Trust me buy a box and you won’t be unhappy, at least until you run out.
This cigar is so good it can be smoke by a total newbie all the way to the seasoned veteran of cigar smokers. I have smoked probably close to 50 now and each has maintaned its perfection each time. I can only imagine a year or more of aging would do even more wonders to this smoke. However everytime I buy a box I smoke through it in less than a month... it’s that good.
If you like Nicaraguan sticks"
Aganorsa Leaf Signature Selection,5 out of 5,What A Find!!,As soon as I lit this up I knew it was going on my top 5 list for 2018. I'd describe an overall medium-full cigar with what I would best describe as a sweet chocolaty pepper throughout. The pepper is more of a feeling than taste although I definitely get a mellow pepper flavor. Looks great. Smokes even better. Get this.
Aging Room Bin No. 1,5 out of 5,Aging room cigars,A great smoke!!
Aging Room Pura Cepa,5 out of 5,Wow,One of the best cigars ive had thus far this year
Aging Room Pura Cepa,5 out of 5,Good,Great smooth full body
Aging Room Quattro Connecticut,4 out of 5,New smoker,"I am a new cigar smoker. I went with this cigar because it seemed like a safe bet...and it was. It is smooth and mellow, almost to mellow. It is definitely helping me taste the cigar and its notes better, but it’s almost too mellow. It doesn’t have as much flavor as some of the others I’ve tried, but that’s not nessessarily a bad thing either. Overall, i am satisfied but left wanting a little more. Buy the 5 pack to try it out."
Aging Room Quattro F55 Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Cigars!,In a league of its own. Great smoke all around. You will not be dissapointed.
Aging Room Quattro F55 Maduro,4 out of 5,Aging Room F55 Maduro Espressivo,Excellent box-pressed cigar with a full draw that burns uniformly to the end. Always consistent in construction and appearance with tastes of espresso and light leather.
Aging Room Quattro F55 Maduro,5 out of 5,"Fine, delicate flavor and easy","Fine, delicate flavor and easy burn. One of the best cigars I have bought from CI."
Aging Room Quattro F55 Maduro,5 out of 5,What a great stick,What a great stick
Aging Room Quattro F55 Maduro,4 out of 5,Very enjoyable- tasty and not,Very enjoyable- tasty and not overpowering
Aging Room Quattro F55 Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Aging Room Quattro F55 Maduro,5 out of 5,F55 A Winner in the Race,"Actually, the F55 box-pressed is what I just finished down to where my fingers were smarting. Fabulous model. Extremely well made, even burn, medium body, and no bitterness in the last inch or so. My palate was just right for this cigar and perhaps the well-aged rum (straight) I enjoyed with it might have taken away from whaterver ""notes"" others describe. I would buy this again and again, although the same enjoyment and taste varies as one's palate of the moment. Recommended."
Aging Room Quattro F55 Maduro,4 out of 5,One of the best cigars,One of the best cigars for the price
Aging Room Quattro F55 Maduro,5 out of 5,Lives up to the rating,"Loved by all, just a great some, not a long lasting stick, but really good in all other ways."
Aging Room Quattro F55 Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Aging Room Quattro F55 Maduro,5 out of 5,Great value cigar,Good cigar with a great burn and taste.
Aging Room Quattro F55 Maduro,3 out of 5,Not as smooth as expected,Not as smooth as expected
Aging Room Quattro F55 Maduro,4 out of 5,Good draw; stays light; strong;,Good draw; stays light; strong; very good cigar
Aging Room Quattro F55 Maduro,4 out of 5,F 55 Maduro,4 with me ..... easy smoke !!!
Aging Room Quattro F55 Maduro,5 out of 5,Aging Room F55 Maduro,"Caught these on sale and bought two boxes on a whim, never having smoked them before.
Arrived ready to smoke,as always from CI. Beautiful wrapper,perfect construction and razor sharp burn. Smooth and flavorful with an earthy peppery taste that I really like. I can see buying more of these."
Aging Room Quattro F55 Maduro,5 out of 5,"My new favorite cigar, hands down.","Had a chance to experience this cigar while deployed overseas. Instantly fell in love. The flavor and feeling is an unusual blend of a smooth draw followed by a strong follow of flavor you don't typically get without that strong ""punch"" taste."
Aging Room Quattro F55 Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smooth smoke,Great smooth smoke
Aging Room Quattro F55 Maduro,5 out of 5,My 3rd box.,Great smoke.
Aging Room Quattro F55 Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,I am really loving these cigars. I shared them with friends who are also big cigar smokers and they loved them too!!
Aging Room Quattro F55 Maduro,4 out of 5,Solid smoke for the price,Burns evenly and can be smoked to the end without a burn.
Aging Room Quattro F55 Maduro,3 out of 5,Does'nt live up to the hype!,Ordered these because of all of the hoopla. To me these are way over rated.
Aging Room Quattro F55 Maduro,4 out of 5,"Great smoke, and the price","Great smoke, and the price was unbelievable!"
Aging Room Quattro F59,4 out of 5,Solid all around,"Great cigar. As always you can’t go wrong with Aging room. Fantastic construction, burn, and flavor. Definitely more medium in flavor profile but the cedar wood comes through. Never had an AR that was disappointing, and that says a lot for brands these days. Not may favorite among their lineup, but definitely will buy a box again. Solid all around."
Aging Room Quattro F59,4 out of 5,Good Cigar but can be prone to a hot draw,"Nice flavor, love the oily dark brown srapper, burns well but be careful, very easy to over-humidify, then the draw is extremely hot and lose if this happens."
Aging Room Quattro F59,5 out of 5,Treat them like a lady,"I wrote a review (my first) on these sticks a while back. Here is what I learned. They are so oily naturally that your top shelf storage may in fact be hurting them. Keep them as far away from your humidity source as possible. These sticks are moist naturally, adding more hurts them more than most. Keep then cool, and keep them dry (ish) and they will treat you very, very nice"
Aging Room Quattro F59,5 out of 5,Good Cigar,"These are good cigars, but a little pricy"
Aging Room Quattro F59,5 out of 5,Great cigars,They taste as good as they look Great construction and the taste is complex but a joy to smoke
Aging Room Quattro F59,3 out of 5,Decent smoke,Good everyday smoke.
Aging Room Quattro F59,4 out of 5,Upside - Downside,"These taste really good, but they don’t like to stay lit."
Aging Room Quattro F59,4 out of 5,A very nice mild smoke,A very nice mild smoke
Aging Room Quattro F59,5 out of 5,Great medium+ body,"Great draw, smooth, nice flavor. A real winner!"
Aging Room Quattro F59,5 out of 5,As good as it gets,"I am a cigar novice, but even I could tell these are amazing sticks. I may not be able to appreciate these as much as I should just yet, but the one I did smoke was as good as I hoped it would be. Very smooth, and very tasty. My wife loved the aroma this stick put off. The rest of the box will be aging in my humidor for special occasions. I am hoping the next time around I will be able to taste even more. For now, these are the lone sticks in my top shelf."
Aging Room Quattro F59,5 out of 5,good smoked better than others brands not for new smokers,good smoked better than others brands not for new smokers
Aging Room Quattro F59,5 out of 5,GREAT SMOPKE,"AN EXTREMELY GOOD CIGAR START TO FINISH. GREAT/COMPLEX FLAVOR, GREAT DEAL."
Aging Room Quattro F59,4 out of 5,Aging Room,"An ok smoke, but not in the same class as the F55 Concerto."
Aging Room Quattro F59,4 out of 5,Good smoke...especially for the price,Good smoke...especially for the price
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,The Good Life.,The Aging Room Quattro is a true Nicaraguan masterpiece! One of those cigars that make you feel like the King of the World. Expertly constructed with a beautiful even burn throughout the smoke. Yummy chocolate and caramel tones right down to the nub. As always Cigar International made it happen with a great deal on this 5 pack. Thank you C.I.
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great smoke. Burned like a,Great smoke. Burned like a champ and was nice on the palate.
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Very good cigar great construction,Very good cigar great construction and flavors. Personally I wouldn’t say #1 cigar of the year but definitely top 10. I think some age in the humidor would benefit them greatly.
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke - bad glue job on most bands
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Awesome cigar,Awesome cigar
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,This is a cigar that you don't want to end!
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,fantastic,Fantastic !!!
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Aging Room,"Excellent smoke from beginning to end! Smooth, flavorful and a nice mouthful of smoke!"
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Good cigar,"Seems very medium in strength. Very smooth! I don't know from notes of this or that, but just very consistent to me and very enjoyable."
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Aging Room,Fabulous cigar
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Nice taste and smooth
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,The sampler was a nice,The sampler was a nice way to try different ones. But I ready love the Nicaraguan very nice smoke. Glad I got a box
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Their 96 rating is good.,Their 96 rating is good. Shared several sticks with friends and they were delighted as I am.
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,It has a great pull and flavor. Was very impressed with this stick and plan on buying more in the future.
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Very good cigar.,This a very steing cigar with full taste. I love it
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Stellar,One of the top 5 smokes I've ever had. Smooth and easy burn with a punch. I'll be sure to keep a box of these in the humidor moving forward.
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Worth every penny!,A really smooth smoke that was quite enjoyable even towards its end. Definitely one to hold in the humidor for a bit to see how it ages...
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Very nice cigar with flavor,Very nice cigar with flavor
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Fabulous,Fabulous
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,ARQ,Excellent smoke
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,The Best,"What can a guy say? This the best cigar ever. Great construction, nose, burn, flavor and finish. Glad I had a chance to smoke it on America’s Independence Day. This was my fire works, it did not disappoint, and nobody got burnt, including my tongue. Too mellow for that action."
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Bought as a gift,"These cigars are amazing, full bodied, great taste, great smoke. Will buy these again!"
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great flavor! Really enjoy them,Great flavor! Really enjoy them
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Why it is the cigar of the Year,From start to finish a beautiful blend. Smooth draw from start to finish. Right there as one of the top cigars in my collection. I rarely will share these with anyone but closest friends who are in our cult. lol
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Good stuff,Good as everyone says it is
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Must buy,This cigar is excellent. Very smooth and a bountiful of rich notes. A MUST try and regular stocker!
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,"Rich, bold, deeply layered cigar","I picked up a pack of five of these about a month ago - and almost immediately added it to my list for a box order. As I was eyeing the last one in my humidor, I pulled the trigger on a box of 20 which just arrived today. Grown and rolled by AJ Fernandez for Rafael Nodal's Aging Room brand, this is a terrific cigar - no wonder it shot to #1 on Cigar Aficionado's list last year with a hard-to-beat 96 rating. Just incredible - nutty, deep layers of flavor, rich and bold. Caramel and cocoa. The fullest of full profiles, a really epic smoke."
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great Flavor,Great and consistent flavor and quality. Definitely recommend!
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,YES!!!,Amazing stick. It is very clear how it was cigar of the year right after you light it. Bold and balanced. Smooth draw. So good.
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great Smoke!,Great smoke from start to finish. No burn taste whatsoever. I usually don't pick up all of the nuanced flavors in cigars but this one is the gift that keeps on giving. Recently paired with Whistlepig 10....thoroughly enjoyable.
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,great full body smoke,For being a strong smoke the cigar has an easy draw. That is saying something because I could compete with having the longest ash for how tight the tobacco was weaved. I'll buy this again.
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,3 out of 5,"Good, but Cigar of the Year?",3.5 stars. May be I expected a lot from Cigar of the Year award. May had smoked similar in the price point...will probably buy again.
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,"There is a reason why they are #1 on Aficionado! Can't beat it, for the money and satisfaction of a quality cigar, well made.","I am half way through the Maestro, she started out like a kicking mule and settled down after about 10 buffs into it. They arrived from CI nice and spongy and fresh. The smoke is real smooth and deep earthy that tends to calm down around the half way burn. I LOVE these babies and will definitely get them again! Nice and oily on the tongue with flavor to spare!"
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,"I was never a huge fan of Aging Room but these are excellent! Great flavor throughout, never got harsh. Enjoyed to the nub!"
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Very Good - Not Classic,Good enjoyable smoke - definitely not a 94. More like an 88. Bold smooth nutty taste. Certainly would buy again.
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,"I am a huge fan of AJ Fernandez blends, and this medium-full really hits all the spots for me when I smoke it. It’s the one in my Humidor I keep going back to, and I have to try hard to slow down when I’m smoking it because it’s so great."
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,A+,I first I thought it was going to be a little more peppery but it was a smooth tasting stick with a great burn.
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,A pleasant even smoking cigar. I will buy more and my friends who I gave them some will also buy.
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Mestero Master- it’s worth it!,"This Aficionado rated 94 cigar was a very pleasant smoke, I enjoyed every puff of this long lasting slow burning boxed pressed torpedo I could taste the woodsy chocolatey flavor packed in this cigar !"
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Not 94 points,"CA rated this 94 - it's a good smoke, but not a near classic. I'd say about 89. Still, lots of flavor, good smoke volume, very well made - worth the price."
Aging Room Quattro Original,5 out of 5,"Super Smoke, highly recommended","First time hearing about this brand. Bought these in a five pack sampler and they were better than expected. Great build, I liked the box press and the appearance. They smoke smooth, didn’t have to delight or touch up at all. Great draw and the flavor was exceptional. Highly recommend! Great with a glass of red wine, bought more after I went through the first five!"
Aging Room Quattro Original,5 out of 5,First time with a Rafael Nodal cigar. Very happy.,"I bought a box of Aging Room Quattro Original 7 x 50 at CI. This is the first time I smoked a Rafael Nodal cigar. Thanks Cigar International for having at your inventory such a magnificent cigar. Impecable roll, draw, burn and the box pressed is executed beautifully. Delicious well cured tobacco, full bodied taste with balance blended and pleasing smoothness."
Aging Room Solera Corojo,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Smoked 2 from a 5 pack so far. Enjoyed them.
Aging Room Solera Shade,4 out of 5,Solera Shade,Solid smoke consistent flavour..
Aging Room Solera Shade,4 out of 5,Nice smoke usually,Needs consistency in the wrapping and draw.
Aging Room Solera Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Decent Smoke,"I disagree with the previous 2 negative reviews. These are pretty decent cigars that taste fine and have a razor sharp burn. I am very pleased with them. The Festivo size is perfect for me. Not too long , not to short, but just right. Give them a try and find out how good they are!"
Aging Room Solera Sun Grown,1 out of 5,Not a pleasant smoke,"Hate to give a 1 star but this cigar was harsh, tough draw and no flavor. Didn't even finish it as it was not a pleasant smoke. The only redeeming quality was that it lit easily and and even burn."
Agio Mehari's,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Agio Mehari's,4 out of 5,Good service,Good service
Agio Mehari's,5 out of 5,Best little cigar,Red Orient- best of the brand
Agio Mehari's,5 out of 5,Very nice cigars from Holland,Mild smoke with lots of flavor. Tightly packed tobacco for an excellent quality cigar.
Agio Mehari's,4 out of 5,I like them,A good quick smoke. Easy draw and enjoyable when your time is limited and you want a pleasurable smoke.
Agio Mehari's,5 out of 5,GREAT!!,"Absolutely love these! Too bad they're getting harder to find in stock. Definitely recommend them, along with the Java version."
Agio Mehari's,5 out of 5,Great!,Great!
Agio Mehari's,4 out of 5,"If you don't like my fire, I won't be offended if you don't sit by me.....","Just purchased these for the 1st time and it looks like I'm enjoying my 6th one right now. Nice little smoke and the price is nice. I'm not sure I understand the ""gets too hot"" complaints, unless those people have let the bright orangish-red part make contact with flesh, that probably would be too hot then."
Agio Mehari's,2 out of 5,Disappointed,"I am quite disappointed with these. They smoke hot and fast and are just fairly unpleasant.
I much prefer the Villiger Braniff No. 3 Maduro."
Agio Mehari's,5 out of 5,agio mehari's red orient,my son love's them and so do i.
Agio Mehari's,4 out of 5,They get a bit bitter,"They get a bit bitter at the end, but for a <10 minute smoke they are great. The Red Orientals may be a touch better."
Agio Mehari's,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Great Smoke and Great Value
Agio Mehari's,1 out of 5,Yuck!,"Very bad. Has a short-lived subtle pleasant aroma and taste, but quickly gives way to an overpowering bitter, cheap-tobacco flavor. Had the Ecuador years ago and was hoping this to be the same quality. Huge disappointment."
Agio Mehari's,4 out of 5,Nice short smoke,Lots of flavor. Great if you only have a few minutes. Little bite towards the end. Fairly priced.
Agio Mehari's,5 out of 5,Great service,"Good prices, great service,"
Agio Mehari's,4 out of 5,"Skinnier than expected, but flavorful","I normally get the Alta Gracia, but their coffee flavor was out of stock, so I tried these. I was surprised at their dimensions (skinnier and longer than other cigarillos - close to cigarette size) but the flavor was delightful. Medium coffee presence, and a good duration of smoke time. Burned a little hotter than others, but that wasn't an issue."
Agio Mehari's,4 out of 5,Pretty good,"A decent cigar, paid more, had less...I like them for a small, quick smoke.
Ready to try other flavor"
Agio Mehari's,4 out of 5,Loved the Sweet Orient better,"Apparently the sweet Orient was changed to Red Orient. They claim its same taste just different name. I beg to differ, but it'll do!"
Agio Mehari's,5 out of 5,Excellent,"Delivery and quality exactly what I have come to expect from CI, del'd to my destination address on time and rec'd by my hosts there pending my arrival.
I'll be back!"
Agio Mehari's,5 out of 5,"""Perfecto""","This product is top notch. This was my first time trying these, and I was a little worried about quality and taste. When I got this box of orient sweets in the mail I opened it up rite away, and I was like ""WOW"". I had to try one immediately, and I was not disappointed. These little cigars smoke just like their big brothers, great taste, great quality, and just the right size for a quick smoke. I would definitely buy these again, and again."
Agio Mehari's,5 out of 5,Agio Megan's Java - smooth taste,Nice short smoke with a smooth chocolatey taste. Great for when you only have a short time to smoke.
Agio Mehari's,5 out of 5,Always good,"A great short smoke. Tasty, nicely wrapped. Never a bad one in a box"
Agio Mehari's,5 out of 5,"Mehari Brazil, satisfying.","These are full flavored little smokes, perfect for when hounding have time for a big cigar and very satisfying for their size."
Agio Mehari's,4 out of 5,Nice Quick Smoke,Very smooth. Burns even. Great value
Agio Mehari's,5 out of 5,Finally I found it,"This is the smoke I have been looking for. It's the right size, the right medium strength and the right price. I've tried 5 other brands and I am really happy I found this for a nice convenient aromatic smoke."
AJ Fernandez Bellas Artes,5 out of 5,Bella Bella=Bellas,All 20 cigars were a work of art! So pretty and tasty! I can remember being so excited about a cigar since I first tasted and Opus X. Not really expensive but definitely a luxury taste and draw! My New Fav!!!!
AJ Fernandez Bellas Artes,5 out of 5,New Favorite,I bought a 5 pack of these based on a recommendation directly from AJ Fernandez. Asked for something similar to Man O War Ruination. He suggested Bellas Artes. These are superb cigars. Absolutely my new favorite. Quickly went through the 5 pack and ordered a box of 20. FYI pronounced Bay-as Ar-tess.
AJ Fernandez Bellas Artes,5 out of 5,Smooth,Very good smoke!
AJ Fernandez Bellas Artes,5 out of 5,Amazing smoke!,"Purchased a 5 pack soley based on the reviews and description. Something sounded really tasty about it and boy... I am not disappointed. As I smoked 1 with my neighbor, we both ordered a box. Very good"
AJ Fernandez Bellas Artes,5 out of 5,Excellent cigars.,"I bought a box of Short Churchill (Toro) 6 x 48 at CI. This AJ Fernández Bellas Artes got an A+ in terms of manufacture, roll, draw and burn are excellent in these Short Churchill. The tobacco in these cigars are good, leaning toward the full bodied kind. These taste really good and are well balance smokes."
AJ Fernandez Bellas Artes,5 out of 5,Good Smoke,"Solid, everyday cigar. Smooth, yet bold flavor."
AJ Fernandez Bellas Artes,5 out of 5,Bellas,Very fast delivery of the cigars
AJ Fernandez Bellas Artes,5 out of 5,Fantastic smoke!!!,Great long lasting smoke.
AJ Fernandez Bellas Artes,5 out of 5,fit for the mad maharajah of magador,Starts out gently but is not a light smoke and has a pleasant taste and is worth the price.
AJ Fernandez Bellas Artes,5 out of 5,Humidified it stands,"Simply the best, what with my allowance. No need to look further. Has taste that affords a luxury draw. Ought to be renamed, something like Prey or The Kapler."
AJ Fernandez Bellas Artes,5 out of 5,Excellent!,"Very good cigar. Perfect burn, nice salty wrapper, light spices and good long smoke."
AJ Fernandez Bellas Artes,5 out of 5,Don’t lose that blend!,Fine finish and an even more impressive first puff. We have a Pope.
AJ Fernandez Bellas Artes,5 out of 5,Bellas Artes,As usual AJ Fernandez has hit another one out of the ball park. Great smoke and unique flavor.
AJ Fernandez Bellas Artes,5 out of 5,Stunning smoke,"Absolutely stunning. I am a full bodied cigar smoker, but AJ has a way of satisfying me with medium and medium to full cigars that other blenders cannot! Every time I think he has outdone himself, the next cigar outdoes the rest."
AJ Fernandez Bellas Artes,5 out of 5,Way to go AJ!,"Wow! What a rich full flavored smoke! I've been on a Connecticut jag for a while so I was a little hesitant about this cigar! Believe you me...it was yummy! It's rated almost a full flavored smoke, but it was sooooo smooth that I must confess, it had me fooled...I am buying a box of these mellow masterpieces! Will recommend to all my cigar buddies! Outstanding cigars AJ!"
AJ Fernandez Bellas Artes Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,this is one of my favorite aj cigars. Burns perfect and has a strong flavor which I like.
AJ Fernandez Bellas Artes Maduro,5 out of 5,GREAT DEAL,"GREAT DEAL AND GREAT SMOKE, AJ FERNANDEZ MAKES MY FAVORITES SMOKES"
AJ Fernandez Enclave,4 out of 5,very nice smoke.,Nice good strong smoke. Enjoyed it.
AJ Fernandez Enclave,4 out of 5,One light cigar great smoke,One light cigar great smoke start to finish
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,Excellent.,Excellent.
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,"Very smooth,great tasting","Very smooth,great tasting"
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Always a good choice!
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,ENCLAVE,"NICE SMOKE. HAVE KEPT SOME IN MY HUMIDOR FOR THE LAST 5 YRS. GOOD CONSTRUCTION, GOOD BURN, GOOD TASTE."
AJ Fernandez Enclave,4 out of 5,Enclace,Excellent smoke burns well and carries flavor throughout
AJ Fernandez Enclave,4 out of 5,Habano for a camarroon lover,This really is a winner in all respects. I generally don’t go for rosado wrappers but I figured I’d give them a try for having a camarroon binder. It works!
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,Smother Than Silk,Every time I lite this cigar it seems like my first experience. Wonderful draw and seemless texture.
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,Enclave by A J Fernandez Churchill,"Beautifully constructed , great taste , slow burning cigar"
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke from start to,Excellent smoke from start to finish!
AJ Fernandez Enclave,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,Enclave Churchill,It's rare when a cigar remains consistent from start to finish. I would highly recommend this smoke when you have the time to enjoy the superb quality of this cigar.
AJ Fernandez Enclave,4 out of 5,Good with scotch,A little milder than i like but still very good to the last inch or so. I enjoyed it with a johnnie walker red on the rocks.
AJ Fernandez Enclave,3 out of 5,Blah! From an AJ fan,"I'm on my second Enclave over the past few months. I have to admit, I'm not very impressed. I was expecting a typical AJ medium to full flavor bomb but I'm getting a light, airy smoke. Maybe I got a bad batch but doubtful I will buy these again. I love AJ smokes but these two that I've had are not tasty even though the construction is fantastic."
AJ Fernandez Enclave,4 out of 5,Enclave,A nice cigar!
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,My fav cigar,These have become my favorite cigars. A great smoke.
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,Another fine cigar from AJF,Another fine cigar from AJF
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,Still needs time in the,Still needs time in the humidor but so far it's the best cigar I've ever had
AJ Fernandez Enclave,4 out of 5,R. Dauphinais,Nice mild-medium cigar. Slightly fragile ash.
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,Fantastic,Nicely refined cigar. My favorite AJF by far (and I have tried most of his cigars).
AJ Fernandez Enclave,4 out of 5,Great flavour easy draw,Great flavour easy draw
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,Robusto,Excellent smoke ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,AJ's Enclave,"I finally pulled the trigger on this masterpiece built by AJ and all I can say is Holy Smoke!! Consistent from first light till nub and an extremely flavorful experience. Well balanced and creamy tobacco flavor throughout, never a dull moment or touch up as this beauty burns perfectly. I strongly suggest you save your money and buy these, thanks AJ and CI"
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,Pleasantly supersized,"Got this cigar in a sampler pack and I smoked the cigar till the end
Good smoke out put, good taste, good draw, good construction and probably one of my favorite of this year!"
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,ENCLAVE ROBUSTO,PLEASANT TASTE. THE ENCLAVE HAS A GOOD DRAW AS WELL.
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,2nd best,"New Bellas Artes by AJ Ferandez even better but Enclave rich, with great taste."
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,The best!,From beginning to the end these are best smokes you can buy
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,Delicious,"First time smoking this it definitely needed a little bit of rest. 6 months later, it's legitimately incredible. Trust the aging process. Give it some time and you will not be disappointed. Dollar for dollar, this smoke is one of the best I've had!"
AJ Fernandez Enclave,3 out of 5,Ho Hum,The best of the three expressions of this brand is the Connecticut wrapper. This one starts to lose its flavor after about one quarter of the stogie is smoked.
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,It's An AJ,"Always enjoy AJ Fernandez cigars. No exception here. Nice burn, nice draw and flavor."
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,Nicely done...,May be AJ’s finest!
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,Enclave,"I have had one, because I wanted to try one as soon as I got them, the balance are resting for another month or so. For the value these were well worth the money. They had a smooth even burn, good flavor, and overall an enjoyable smoke."
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,Enclave AJ Fernandez,Great taste full flavor makes it one of my favorite
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,Medium body,This cigar has a nice wrapper and very good construction. A medium body with a toasty earthy flavor. The robusto is a relatively quick but enjoyable smoke
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,Best new cigar,This review is based solely on one Toro that I picked up at my local B&M....this is the best cigar I have tried in a very long time. Loved everything about it! I just ordered a box and can't wait for them to arrive....hope they are as good as the first!
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,AJ does it again!,A quality smoke good from start to finish.
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,Great taste and burn!!,Must have in humidor
AJ Fernandez Enclave,4 out of 5,Gene LaPorte,"Very good cigar, well made easy draw with pleasent after taste"
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,A J ENCLAVE ROBUSTO,"NICE TASTE, GOOD DRAW, A PLEASURE TO SMOKE"
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,Great Cigar!,"I have to admit I was a bit skeptical when I picked up these. I have been disappointed with other cigars from ""AJ"". I've smoked 3 of these so far in the last week. This stick is very good! Very good roll, very easy draw, tons of smoke, even burn and great tobacco flavor. They have a winner with this one. I will include these for some of my fellow ""Lovers of the Leaf"" at my Daughters wedding this fall. Please give these a try, they are very enjoyable."
AJ Fernandez Enclave,4 out of 5,not bad...,"good cigar, best fernandez cigar effort to date: doesn't have that cheap taste most of his other cigars have. it still isn't quite at the highest level of cigar, though, but getting closer. it ain't easy, baby."
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,Good stick,"Very smooth for full strength, will be buying more."
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,well worth it,"Another gem to aj's already huge library, try a five pack and you'll agree will the rest of these review, a amazing cigar to add to you rotation"
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,A winner,Just came back from Cigarfest and grabbed my first new cigar today. It's very smooth and at the same time flavorful. I'll definitely buy these.
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,AJ Fernandez Enclave; Homerun,"The Enclave is a great stick at the pricepoint. Plenty of flavor, consistent construction, and easily was added to my go to list."
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,Enclave,This cigar has become one of my favorites. Lots of smoke and good flavor.
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,Another Aj Classic is born,Love everything about this cigar from its label to the construction !!A+
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,Enclave is a stand alone amongst many others,"The dictionary describes Enclave as an area with people who are different in some way from the people in the areas around it. This is a cigar that lives up to its meaning. I see this cigar as a stand-out over and above the crowded cigars of our industry. Bellows of smoke from first light, then a little spicy, and then to a smooth finish. Definitely my go to cigar."
AJ Fernandez Enclave,3 out of 5,"Not a big Churchill fan,","Not a big Churchill fan, but enclave flavor and aroma among the best"
AJ Fernandez Enclave Broadleaf,5 out of 5,Good stick,I was surprised that the Enclave was offered with a darker wrapper! One of my favorites.
AJ Fernandez Enclave Broadleaf,5 out of 5,Awesome cigar. Worth the money.,Awesome cigar. Worth the money.
AJ Fernandez Enclave Broadleaf,5 out of 5,Anything AJ!,I can't really tell or taste CI's description of any cigar. I just know I get consistency out of any AJ blend...I always get some pepper/spice with hints of cream....and always good with a tequila resposado! AJ always wins
AJ Fernandez Enclave Broadleaf,5 out of 5,Excellent quality cigar,This is one of my favorite new cigars I have tried. It’s excellent and I revommend you try it too.
AJ Fernandez Enclave Broadleaf,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,I truly enjoy this cigar. Great taste and not too spicy.
AJ Fernandez Enclave Broadleaf,5 out of 5,Great,I think this is a great tasting cigar. It is full of flavor throughout the whole stick.
AJ Fernandez Enclave Broadleaf,5 out of 5,romantic aromatic,One of my favorites:strong and mild both at the same time. And with taste.
AJ Fernandez Enclave Broadleaf,5 out of 5,I think Aj has done it again!!!,This Delicious Dark Rich and Spicy stick will forever remain in my humidor. I absolutely recommend anyone who love full body full flavored cigars than this is a must try!!!
AJ Fernandez La Gran Llave Connecticut,5 out of 5,Top Notch,"I have been smoking for years and I love to try different blends. I have tried to many to count. I came across these a few months ago and I have to say that if I had to pick one, this would be it. Perfect draw, construction and so smooth. I highly recommend these and I find myself going back for more. Great stick!!!"
AJ Fernandez La Gran Llave Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,This is one of the best Connecticuts I've had in awhile. A solid medium to medium full profile with lots of spice and flavor. Burn and construction was perfect. Will definitely buy more.
AJ Fernandez La Gran Llave Maduro,4 out of 5,Nice smoke,a little strong in the beginning but mellowed right out. Very nice .
AJ Fernandez La Gran Llave Maduro,5 out of 5,First time I ordered them,First time I ordered them I think they’re good smoke
AJ Fernandez La Gran Llave Maduro,4 out of 5,Not bad.,Not bad.
AJ Fernandez La Gran Llave Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
AJ Fernandez La Gran Llave Maduro,5 out of 5,A pleasure. Burn may be,A pleasure. Burn may be fair.
AJ Fernandez La Gran Llave Maduro,4 out of 5,Solid smoke,"This is a longer stick any I usually smoke, but I enjoyed it all the same. I have smoked the robusto before, and enjoyed it. This one by the end was a little too strong for me."
AJ Fernandez La Gran Llave Maduro,5 out of 5,A great smoke from beginning,A great smoke from beginning to end. Wonderful flavor
AJ Fernandez La Gran Llave Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,This may be one of my new favorite cigars! Nice full body burns excellent all the way through!
AJ Fernandez La Gran Llave Maduro,4 out of 5,Very solid dark cigar,Very nice complex dark Maduro. These burned well and tasted great for me.
AJ Fernandez La Gran Llave Maduro,5 out of 5,What a wonderful surprise,This smoke went directly into my top 5 of all time
AJ Fernandez La Gran Llave Maduro,4 out of 5,Perfect drag,I’d give this Cigars 5 Stars if the flavor was better.
AJ Fernandez La Gran Llave Maduro,4 out of 5,"I enjoyed them, little spice","I enjoyed them, little spice and smooth smoke 👍"
AJ Fernandez La Gran Llave Maduro,5 out of 5,Hooked by the 2nd or 3rd draw,"Very impressed... the 2nd or 3rd draw I looked down to double check what i was smoking because the flavor was so wonderful. Will definitely be buying this one again, give it a shot, you won't be disappointed."
AJ Fernandez La Gran Llave Maduro,5 out of 5,nospacebar,beststickyet
AJ Fernandez La Gran Llave Maduro,5 out of 5,Can't say enough good things! (Don't read this if you set the prices for this cigar!),"Some of my favorite cigars are under the direction of A.J. Fernandez. The extra corona is the perfect sized smoke for walks around the neighborhood or driving across town. I have sampled all the sizes. My second favorite is the double corona. If you are at a BBQ or out for a long hike you have plenty of time with the double. an hour pulse! you get some clear transitions with the larger sizes but all are well constructed with great complex flavors. You don't have to baby these cigars they burn straight, cool, and long no matter what you are doing. I would almost go as far to say that, at there current price, they are undervalued. (cover your ears CI pricing department!)"
AJ Fernandez La Gran Llave Maduro,4 out of 5,Pretty good,I was expecting it to be a bit stronger but it was still an enjoyable smoke. The retrohale was very smooth and easy on the sinuses. There was no variation between the thirds but it didn't take away from the enjoyment.
AJ Fernandez Last Call,5 out of 5,New Favorite,"This cigar by AJ Fernandez is delicious from the first pull to the last. Excellent price, Thanks C&I!"
AJ Fernandez Last Call,4 out of 5,Great quick smoke,AJ Fernandez never disappoints
AJ Fernandez Last Call,5 out of 5,One of the better cigars,"The ""last call cigars""are a BIG SURPRISE, IT HAS A TOOTHY FLAVOR THAT WAS EXTREMELY PLEASENT. START TO FINISH WILL PLEASE THE MOST DESCERING SMOKER. A PLUS IS MY WIFE TELLS ME THEY ""DO NOT SMELL BAD"" .THET DRAW WELL, BURN IS EVEN, JUST A MUST TO HAVE IN YOUR COLLECTION. MAX OF TEAS"
AJ Fernandez Last Call Maduro,4 out of 5,"Great smoke! Good flavor, and","Great smoke! Good flavor, and for the price you can’t beat them"
AJ Fernandez Last Call Maduro,5 out of 5,Little Smoke Big Flavor!!!,These little smokes never disappoint. AJ knocked it out of the park. Throw some in the humidor for a quick smoke. The Pennsylvania Broadleaf is amazing!!!
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,great cigar,"AJ never disappoints, always a great smoke"
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,AJ New World Box Worthy,"Great Smoke, one of my go to cigar in my humidors."
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,My go to,My go to
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,Best cigars at the right price,Excellent service. Easy ordering. Delivery as fast as you want it
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,just the right flavor and,just the right flavor and strength for a bold stick.
AJ Fernandez New World,4 out of 5,"First time, did not dissapoint.","A little peppery/spicey for my taste, but the cigar is still grand, high quality."
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,We have a winner here,"Rich and spicy with a nice long finish. High points for draw, burn and construction. A no-brainer at this price."
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,Amazing Cigars,This is top 3 cigar for me. Just a superbly balanced smoke that has everything I’m looking for. These sticks are by far the most value you can get in a hand-rolled cigar.
AJ Fernandez New World,4 out of 5,A Fine Smoke,"This is a very good medium to full body cigar, I had an issue with the burn on one of the sticks. Other sticks have been fine though. The wrapper gives a strong aroma and delivers a good flavor throughout."
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,Excellent service,Thank you so much. You have a new customer
AJ Fernandez New World,4 out of 5,New World,"this is an outstanding cigar, the only reason for the 4 rating i had to make a minor touch up to the burn. no doubt the cap on this stick is the best i've ever smoked, moderately thick and crisp to the punch, stayed in place to the nub. personal rating 4.9!! thanx AJ"
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,"Tasty, well balanced. But I","Tasty, well balanced. But I believe that they could be cheaper if they didn't spend the money on putting the ribbons on the cigs"
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,Best cigar I have ever smoked,The blend is perfect the strength just right the taste very good worth every penny.
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,New World,Another fantastic blend by AJ Fernandez
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,Amazing Cigar,This is absolutely one of my favorite cigars. I am a daily smoker and this nails it for me. Great draw and very tasty.
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,God cigar,God cigar
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,AJ,This is a great cigar at and unbelievable price point! Full bodied yet smooth with great construction! Perfect draw and razor sharp burn line.
AJ Fernandez New World,4 out of 5,Perfect for a daily smoke.,"One of THE BEST cigars at this price. Consistently good burn, construction and flavor. Beautiful dark wrapperand always very smooth. Have not had a bad one yet!👍👍"
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,Great cigar and a great price,If you are looking for a med-full bodied cigar this is your ticket. Great smoke through and through. Awesome price point. Cant go wrong with an AJ
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,Excellent Smoke!,Bought 2 boxes. Very consistent. Even burn. Good flavor for the price point.
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,e,good
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,new world,very nice cigar smooth all the way through no let down wish I had bought two boxes will buy again
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,Quality smoke,Although I just started getting serious into cigars 3 years ago. This is my go to cigar for quality and reliability. Never have I ever had a new world cigar of poor quality. Very good medium to full smoke and well presented.
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,New World is a winner!,"I put these babies to rest for 4 months before smoking my first one. This is a wonderfully constructed, even burning, medium/full flavored cigar. This is now one of my top 3 cigars. Hard to go wrong with AJ Fernandez New World."
AJ Fernandez New World,4 out of 5,AJ awesome,It's a good smoke but I wish it was a 60.
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,My favorite AJ Fernández cigar,"I bought a box of Toro 6.5 x 55 at CI. I been smoking the following AJ Fernández cigars; H.Upmann AJ Fernández, San Lotano Réquiem, New World Puro Especial, Ramón Allones and Bellas Artes. This New World Toro is my favorite AJ Fernández cigar. Ramón Allones is consider the best of AJ Fernández by many people In the cigar business and of course is a wonderful cigar that I love. But these New World Toro are in the same Superb Podium of Arturo Fuente
Añejo and Don Carlos, Padrón 1964 Anniversary, Ernesto Pérez Carrillo La Historia and Encore, All the line of Ashton cigars brand. These New World cigars are just that great."
AJ Fernandez New World,4 out of 5,Decent smoke,"Nice smoke, nothing special, good for its price I guess."
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,Great tasting.,Great tasting cigar. Would buy it again.
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,The Best!!!,"Smooth from beginning to end. Every time I smoke this beautiful stick, I never want it to end. A complete cigar!!!!"
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,A favorite,"Both of my sons consider this a favorite smoke, as do I."
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,Great cigar. Can’t wait to get more.,Top Five on my List.
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,"AJ Fernandez, the most consistent blender","Any of the premium blends by AJ Fernandez, like New World, are all smokes that I would always rate 5 stars because they are always so consistently well made and suit my palate to a T. New World compares favorably to San Lotano, La Herencia, Man o War and my favorite Diesel, Rage. I’ve never had a bad AJF blended cigar."
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,Amazing,This is one incredible cigar!
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,My favorite everyday,No cigar better at this price point. I always pick up at least one when I’m at the cigar shop.
AJ Fernandez New World,4 out of 5,Good Cigar!,Really good cigar with an open draw and little spice. Very well made.
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,You can never go wrong!,You can never go wrong!
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,Great smoke at a great price,This is one of my go to sticks. Well balanced and flavorful a masterpiece by AJ.
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,Great cigar one of the best out there.,"One of the best cigars out there, it has great draw and burns evenly. Great blend of flavors and for the price can't beat it. I Smoke a lot of cigars and tried many different ones but always come back to this one hands down one of the best out there and always have these in the humidor."
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,New world,Very tasty
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,Good hearty smoke love the,Good hearty smoke love the Chunk
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,Great Full Bodied Cigar,"Great Cigar, full bodied. Really smooth relaxing. Wonderful flavor great for everyday or weekend smoke. I'm really impressed. This was not my first time purchasing this brand. I must say it will not be the last time purchasing!! I would recommend this cigar to those that want a full bodied cigar."
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,This is my top 3 cigars if not number one. AJ is right on with this one as usual. Perfect blend of flavors. Not into the nuances of each flavors but I know the flavor of great and it has it.
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,NEW SURPRISE,I recently purchased....these DANDIES! Wow..... never had had them before---- they were way beyond expectations! I will be reordering.......for sure!
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,Tasty Cigar.,"One of top three of all time. I only started in February and have many more to try, but this cigar is extremely tadty."
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,AJ Fernandez New World Virrey (gordo),"Absolutely, unequivocally my favorite cigar right now; I bought 3 boxes in one week earlier this month! This cigar checks off all the boxes in what I look for in a smoke. Lots of spice, a long finish, and that rich Nicaraguan flavor profile that AJ has simply mastered. Oh yeah, and at somewhere around 5 or 6 bucks a stick I can burn one as often as I want and still pay the mortgage. If you haven't tried this one yet and you enjoy a rich, flavorful cigar that won't break the bank you really owe it to yourself to try it.
As a side note, this blend really shines for me in the Virrey (gordo) size. The Toro is good, but I get more out of this vitola."
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,"A,J. Fernandes New World Robusto live up to the hype. It's a gem!","This is now my favorite cigar! Impeccable construction, excellent draw and even burn. The A.J. Fernandez New World has a medium full flavor profile that is rich from beginning to end."
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,Tops for Me.,"So far, my top fav. cigar. I still have a lot to learn and many sticks to try, but so far it was the most flavorful I’ve Enjoyed. 😎"
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar!,"I Prefer a round cigar as opposed to a square boxed pressed. That said, This stick was pure Joy from beginning to the end. Flavor, Burn, Texture. Pure Joy!"
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,A Big Fan.,Thus is another of my fav. Cigars. Luv’em.
AJ Fernandez New World Cameroon,5 out of 5,They are excellent cigars,They are excellent cigars
AJ Fernandez New World Cameroon,5 out of 5,Very good smoke,Very good smoke
AJ Fernandez New World Cameroon,5 out of 5,great cigar,i love AJ's cigars usually on the darker side but this one is nice and smooth and is the right strength .i will definitely buy again
AJ Fernandez New World Cameroon,5 out of 5,One of my favorites,I always know from the cold draw that I am about to enjoy effortless pleasure with the AJ new world. A relaxing full bodied experience at a reasonable price. Big fan of boxed pressed.
AJ Fernandez New World Cameroon,5 out of 5,One of my favorites,I always know from the cold draw that I am about to enjoy effortless pleasure with the AJ new world. A relaxing full bodied experience at a reasonable price. Big fan of boxed pressed.
AJ Fernandez New World Cameroon,4 out of 5,Another AJ hit,"I’ve yet to try a bad AJ cigar. This is no exception. Dittos on the flavors by the other guys. Well constructed with a nice draw.
Works well with the Courvoisier VS cognac I’m sipping. Try one, I think you’ll like it !"
AJ Fernandez New World Cameroon,4 out of 5,Love this cigar,Terrific cigar! Love the fullness and flavor. Has a great burn all of he way to get through!
AJ Fernandez New World Cameroon,5 out of 5,AJ's finest,"Beautiful Cameroon cigar well worth the
price, must-try!"
AJ Fernandez New World Cameroon,5 out of 5,Great cigar for the price!!,"It was comparing it with Montecristo white, I might rate it little lower but not much. But for this price, I can’t find a fault. It’s smooth with a hint of pepper. The best part is the draw on this cigar. It’s so easy!!"
AJ Fernandez New World Cameroon,4 out of 5,Fine Cigar,"Enjoyed the cigar very much, even though i'm not a fan of boxed pressed cigars"
AJ Fernandez New World Cameroon,5 out of 5,My new go to cameroon.,"Cedar, caramel and cinnamon sweetness. Towards the end, the pepper kicks in quite a bit, but not so overpowering, that it's a problem and the caramel cedar balances it out.
And the price is very reasonable.
For me, this one hits everything for a cameroon fan.
#CIMonteGiveaway"
AJ Fernandez New World Cameroon,5 out of 5,Outstanding,I have to take my hat off to my man AJ Fernandez. What a great cigar. Medium bodied with sweet carmel like flavors and a touch of spice. Simply delicious!!! Will definitely keep filling my humidor with these.
AJ Fernandez New World Cameroon,5 out of 5,A Wonderful Cameroon,Over the years I've found that I have a strong preference for Nicaraguan tobacco in cigars with Cameroon wrappers. This new offering from AJ Fernandez is an outstanding example of that combination. Highly recommended.
AJ Fernandez New World Cameroon,3 out of 5,Try at least once...,"Just “ok”- decent smoke but ash was everywhere, hon of glue on cap and crackssss in the wrapper- so construction issues."
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,4 out of 5,Solud smoke,These are very creamy and easy to smoke. Highly recommend. Good work AJ
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,Smooth,"This is a perfect smoke. It is smooth, fresh and ready to smoke. A great cigar!"
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,Very happy,Very happy
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,new world connecticut,one word excellent
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good mid range flavor stick,Good mid range flavor stick.
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,Another great stick from AJ!!,"After having 4 of the New World robusto sticks, I have to say that I am pleasantly surprised and more than satisfied with my purchase. Perfect burn and nice construction. I'm usually more of a full bodied smoker, but this was very satisfying for a ""lighter"" smoke. Flavor profile has some pepper on the first and last third, creamy smoke with cedar, hay and honey alternating throughout. I paired it with 3 fingers of Buffalo Trace with a few drops of Wild Turkey Honey bourbon. Perfect Christmas Day nightcap!"
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,Possibly my fav smoke right now,"Smoked many new world originals...after smoking 15 or so Conn I have come to love the Conn more than the original...
It has great subtle flavors and is not one dimensional like one might expect.... possibly my fav cigar right now"
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,4 out of 5,Likes them. But doesn’t love,Likes them. But doesn’t love them. Thanks!!
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,4 out of 5,Mr. BMW,This is a very good slow burner. Mild to medium cigar. Will purchase again
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,4 out of 5,Nice cigar,Like the robustos better
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,Best Connecticut there is.,"My favorite go to stick, medium bodied with a heavy flavorful smoke. If you like Connecticuts this is a must have."
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,New World Connecticut,Great smoke. Good with a morning cup of coffee.
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,Amazing smoke to the end...,Great and smooth cigar for a Connecticut with a medium feel. Definitely recommend it. Even draw and great quality control on every cigar.
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,4 out of 5,Tryed New World,Very nice stick. I will be buying more
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,2 out of 5,Will not be buying more...,"Bad construction to say the least. A.J. showed spank is son for making this cigar. Taste was okay, pretty bland though, and I just wanted to throw it out."
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,Good cigar - good price,Excellent service
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,AJ New World Connecticut,This is my favorite cigar. I don’t get tired of smoking them. I haven’t smoked one that I would rate below 5 stars.
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,Easy smoke,"Easy anytime cigar , relax , and enjoy"
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,My New World ‘Go To’!,I’m a casual cigar smoker and The New World Connecticut by A. J. Fernandez is my ‘Go To’ cigar. It’s smooooth smoky caramels blends well while sipping any bourbons. The aroma attracts other smokers to wondering what I’m smoking. Wonderful smoke for mild flavored stogie enthusiasts.
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,Smooth cigar,"I’m new to the cigar world and sampled a New World Connecticut with my son. I found the smoke to be smooth and mild with. Wet little after taste. That was enough for me to delve into the cigar world, ordering a box of AJF new world Connecticut Robusto along with a humidor and accesessories. Very good smoke!"
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great smoke,I'm not a cigar aficionado but I really enjoy the New World Connecticut Robusto. It stayed lit to the very end and was an easy draw and no after taste.
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great cigar,This is an excellent cigar to relax with. Pairs well with a cup of coffee or a light drink. Great taste.
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,My new favorite,Pretty new to cigars - mainly into mild-medium stuff. I had recently enjoyed the rocky patel connecticut '99 and asked my B&M for a recommendation that was just a hair stronger. They suggested the New World Connecticut; it's my new go to. It's the first cigar that I actually enjoyed the final 1/3 the most - Didn't want it to in. Will be buying a box soon!
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,3 out of 5,Not my Favorite,This cigar was a disappointment for me.
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,from the Land of something or other Habits,Satisfied. Who knew the land of steady habits could produce a decent cigar? Sweet but not indigestive.
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,A PERFECT SMOKE!,"A beautifully constructed cigar masterpiece. A.J. has done it again. It's smooth, flavorful, and extrudes abundant plumes of aromatic smoke. starts out mild, builds up to a healthy medium in strength. I gotta say, this cigar looks so good, I almost hated to smoke it. But, it would be stupid not to. I saw that someone had a problem with theirs. So, I dry-boxed them for 3 day. Then let them rest in the humidor for 4 weeks. Every single one was just as good as the others. Guys, cigars have to be nurtured, taken care of properly. Stored properly, etc. I've been smoking them for 46 years now. I know what I'm talking about."
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,Jeff,New World is one of those cigars that I always have on hand. They are an enjoyable smoke and I would recommend to everyone
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,2 out of 5,a little dissapointing,"I am a fan of mild to medium cigars and I had high expectations for the New World Connecticut because I am familiar with the AJ Fernandez brand and their reputation for quality. This cigar starts off well... it is handsome and well constructed. I like the silk wrapping at the foot and it even delivers a nice cold draw. That quality continues in that the cigar burns even and has a nice draw. The problem comes down to taste. It starts out a little flat and by the time you are half way in, its all ammonia'ed up. I've smoked three of these guys, all with the same experience. CI has some much better offerings in this category."
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,Good cigar for cheap,The best light cigar I have smoked. Is my favorite and has good taste throughout the entire cigar
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,4 out of 5,Very Nice,"Well rounded light smoke, with lots of flavor and texture"
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,Amazing,New cigar smoker here. I just finished this wonderful cigar with a glass of Johnny Walker Black after a long work week. One of the most interesting cigars I've had the opportunity to enjoy. Very smooth and creamy. Will be ordering a box very soon.
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,4 out of 5,Enjoyable,Good cigar
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,New World Connecticut,Awesome smoke that is full of flavor.
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,Really Good!,Very tasty and great price! Will order more of these!
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,Exceeded expectations,"Great smoke. This is coming from someone new to the cigar world. I purchased a box of 20 rubustos on a whim and I am so glad I did. Excellent flavor, even with it being a milder cigar. Life just seems better when you've got a piece of artwork like this in your hand."
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,Awesome stogies,Cigars are top notch came in with enough time and in great shape
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,New World Connecticut A Big Winner,"Regardless of the varied people gathered at a cigar club like ours, it seems to be a consensus that New World Connecticuts are an all around winner. Smooth and full of flavor, I have yet to meet a single person that didn't like this stick. In fact we have been giving them to our new members as a welcome aboard gift, enjoy your smoke Sir!"
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,Outstanding From Start to Finish!,Outstanding from start to finish. Make no mistake - this stick is mild but packs a nice mixture of creamy and peppery flavors. Tasty with a nice finish. Well done AJ!
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,4 out of 5,New world Conn,Arrived in good condition and in good time.
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,WOW,Excellent smoke!!!! AJ Fernandez always amazes me.
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,4 out of 5,Tony Delveccio,"I loved the New World when it won 2014 cigar of the year, so I had to try the Connecticut. The Connecticut is, as expected, a much milder stick. But it's performance was spot on. Perfect draw, razor sharp burn, with tons of smoke output. Smooth, creamy, nutty flavor stayed consistent right down to the nub. A great smoke if you're looking for something light."
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,a very good smoke,from the first one I tried I enjoyed every puff.
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,New World,"An exquisite smoke. Well balanced between rich,smooth and mild. Wonderful aroma"
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,Jim from olimpia,Great smoke.
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,This cigar is smooth and has good flavors and burns good.
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,4 out of 5,Always a good smoke,"The New World's are quite simply a very good, reasonably priced cigar."
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,4 out of 5,Incredible- and I usually don't even like connecticuts.,"I'm going to preface this by stating that I have never been a fan of Connecticuts. I try everything, and I jumped at the chance to smoke this one, as I am a ridonkulousky huuuge fan of AJ's smokes.
This is the most enjoyable Connecticut I've ever smoked, and I did enjoy it... very nice flavor, excellent razor sharp burn, no touch ups or relights... an excellent cigar all around. If you are into this type of cigar, you will absolutely love it.
With that being said, Im going to stick with the original New World... but I can't find any fault with this one."
AJ Fernandez New World Puro Especial,5 out of 5,Heavenly,"Just tried my first after 4 weeks in the humi, and its got Wow factor. Beautiful craftsmanship, burns and draws well, has a light chocolate and licorice profile, and totally smooth throughout. While rated as a medium strength, the smoothness cloaks the power of this beauty. Just heavenly, glad I got them, and will again."
AJ Fernandez New World Puro Especial,5 out of 5,New World Puro Especial Delivers!,"An absolutely wonderful cigar
The AJ Fernandez New World Puro Especial is an absolute gem! Excellent construction, burn and draw. It has a medium to medium/full flavor profile with notes of caramel, chocolate with a slightly sweet finish. Every manufacturer hypes their cigars; AJ Fernandes delivers!"
AJ Fernandez New World Puro Especial,4 out of 5,"New World, good world.","These taste good, really good tobacco. First class roll, draw and burn. Definitely AJ Fernández cigars are a serious thing in the tobacco business."
AJ Fernandez New World Puro Especial,5 out of 5,"FDC, WAIALUA, HI","Great medium body, nice burn. Took a chance and found a WINNER! Many AJs are more bold, not this one."
AJ Fernandez New World Puro Especial,5 out of 5,Let Them Sleep,"Tried these a little fresh and thought, “meh”. Then i let them sleep some months. Wow! What a great cigar now! The sleep did some wonders with this cigar. Didn’t want it to end as I smoked down to the nub."
AJ Fernandez New World Puro Especial,5 out of 5,Very good,Very good
AJ Fernandez New World Puro Especial,4 out of 5,Not the great flavor of,Not the great flavor of the New World but another fine blend from a master blender
AJ Fernandez New World Puro Especial,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,This is a delicious medium body cigar that is perfect in draw and burn. Smooth tasting and worth enjoying.
AJ Fernandez New World Puro Especial,5 out of 5,Awesome cigar,This is a great stick and one of my favorites from AJ Fernandez.
AJ Fernandez New World Puro Especial,4 out of 5,Good Puro,Good Puro
AJ Fernandez New World Puro Especial,5 out of 5,New World Puro Especial by AJ Fernandez Robusto,Great smoke and full of flavors. would recommend to anyone.
AJ Fernandez New World Puro Especial,5 out of 5,Old school,I had been searching for a cigar that had an aroma that was buried somewhere in my memory. I can only describe it as THE smell of a cigar. Finally found it. Construction is top notch. Flavors are excellent.
AJ Fernandez New World Puro Especial,4 out of 5,Four out of 5,"Smoked five, four had great draw and perfect burn. Great smoke and flavor. The other one, not so much hence the 4 star rating! Already ordered more"
AJ Fernandez New World Puro Especial,5 out of 5,How to write about a good cigar,"Good beginning, good finish, has taste which you can recognize if you smoked lesser quality cigars. Won’t say it’s nutty or woody like a wine “connoisseur, but leaves you with the satisfaction and fulfillment it creates."
AJ Fernandez New World Puro Especial,5 out of 5,Great,This is a great smoke
AJ Fernandez Ramon Allones,5 out of 5,Jackson 4.75,"Great cigar, but I needed to give it a full cut as my 9mm punch wasn't giving me the draw I prefer. I have a question about the 'Habano Corojo' terms used in its description. Doesn't Habano mean all the tobacco of the cigar comes from Cuba? Corojo is no longer grown, right? It doesn't matter, just curious...it's great cigar and I'll remember this one as one to keep a stock of!"
AJ Fernandez Ramon Allones,5 out of 5,Best AJ ever,"How does AJ do it? Don't really know, but he does, and with Ramon Allones he's created his best blend ever. As a huge fan I've rated his Romeo y Julieta, New World, Diesel Heart of Darkness, San Lotano and Monte all 5 stars; this one tops them all. And yes it's even better than his new Dias de Gloria which is REALLY good too! Aroma, draw, great taste throughout. A cigar smoker should ALWAYS have some of AJ's Ramon Allones in his/her humidor."
AJ Fernandez Ramon Allones,5 out of 5,Extremely good smokes.,"I bought a box of Churchill 7 x 50 at CI. Years ago I used to smoke Ramón Allones cigars when they were made at the Dominican Republic by General Cigar; Cameroon wrapper, Mexican binder, Dominican, Mexican and Jamaica filler(I checked out with two of my cigars books; The world encyclopedia of cigars by Julian Holland and The cigar companion by Anwer Bati and Simon Chase). This AJ Fernández Ramón Allones is a different kind of cigar, this is a super premium cigar. A mesmerizing intimate experience follow when you light up one of these AJ Ramón Allones Churchill."
AJ Fernandez Ramon Allones,5 out of 5,Best AJ yet,"Nothing else to say other than the fact that if you love anything AJ, you will love this smoke. this is on top of the list."
AJ Fernandez Ramon Allones,5 out of 5,A.J. Fernández,Top of the Line smoke best collaboration by AJ Fernandez hands down
AJ Fernandez Ramon Allones,5 out of 5,Perfecto!,"This stick has everything right. Perfect burn down to the last third, stong and flavorful, and a slow burner. Probably his best release to date. I didn't care for some of this other collaborations, but this is spot on! I'll definitely add these into the rotation!"
AJ Fernandez Ramon Allones,5 out of 5,Ramon allones,Amazing cigar full of flavor
AJ Fernandez Ramon Allones,5 out of 5,Fabulous Cigar!,"This is a fabulous stick. Starts out peppery, but then seems to mellow out a little on the back half. Well constructed with an almost perfect draw. One of the best AJ’s that I have smoked."
AJ Fernandez Rosa de Guadalupe,5 out of 5,outstanding,outstanding
AJ Fernandez Rosa de Guadalupe,4 out of 5,Will be buying more!,Will be buying more!
AJ Fernandez Rosa de Guadalupe,5 out of 5,Another great one from AJ,Tasty taste
AJ Fernandez Rosa de Guadalupe,4 out of 5,A friend,"Forget what you know about judgment. About ratings. About flavor profiles. This cigar is an old friend. I lit mine with both beer and and straight bourbon and found a good conversation within all 3. From it's light airy greetings to its fuller in depth richness, this smoke earned my respect.
It's a cigar made exceptionally well from all the right leaves. Its smokes like one. Tobacco in all its sweetness. Straight forward. Unpresumptiuous. The gordo held true. Holding court and occasionally holding back to accompany others. This is a good cigar. I would welcome it back around my fire anytime."
AJ Fernandez Rosa de Guadalupe,5 out of 5,Another Hit by AJ,"What a wonderful cigar, nothing crazy, not a Sunday cigar, just another hit from AJ, smoked a bunch now really consistent, nice spice , loads of smoke, if you’re out fishing, mowing the lawn, or just hanging it’s a great easy smoke. Try it you won’t be disappointed."
AJ Fernandez Rosa de Guadalupe,4 out of 5,Better with time,"bought these because most of AJ""s blends are fantastic,tried one after about four days of rest and almost regretted buying them,let them sit for another three or four weeks and tried again and man what a difference that made,easy draw strait burn line, medium bodied with flavors of earth and charred leather and i'm sure there""s more to come with a little extra time,it""s worth the wait"
AJ Fernandez Rosa de Guadalupe,4 out of 5,Another winner from AJ,"Another smooth and tasty line from A.J.
You never can go wrong...enjoyed 2 of them and this weekend will have another.....great smoke output and flavor."
AJ Fernandez Rosa de Guadalupe,4 out of 5,Nice cigar,"Ajs latest is very good, burns nice, tastes good. would buy again."
AJ Fernandez Rosa de Guadalupe,4 out of 5,Pleasantly Surprised!,Another winner from AJ... This guy makes the best blends ever.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,San Lotano Madura,"My first San Lotano came in a CI Sampler of AJ Fernandez labels. It was an outstanding cigar then and now.
If they ever tell me I have 60 days to live, I plan to order 60 San Lotanos to enjoy on my way out."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,One of the greats!,I fell in love with this 10 years ago when I first started smoking cigars. I still have yet to find another one to replace this one as my favorite!
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,Smoking good deal!!,"Out t of the 10-12 different cigars I regularly smoke.
These are my favorite !!!"
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,3 out of 5,San Lotano Oval,I had high expectations of this cigar as I saw a Youtube review of a San Lotano and had never smoked one. The presentation and construction of the cigar itself is perfect the issue I have is the cigar smokes very dry with an earth somewhat herbal taste. Very strong cigar without any complex flavors. For the price I think there are more enjoyable cigars to chose from. This cigar is for the experienced smoker as I occasionally had to lay down a little while to recover and I smoke a cigar daily.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,Celebrating a special evening with friends!,"Anything from the AJ factory is spectacular but for me the San Lotano stick is special. Oval in design , it is a good, even smoke , great feel in your hand , and always smooth to the finish. They are a real value compared to the more expensive brands out of Estelle. A special treat, not your every day smoke for sure."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,Best smoke I've ever had!,"There are many cigars I like, but only one I love. The San Lotano Oval Gordo would be my choice if I had to only smoke one cigar for the rest of my life. It's as close to perfection as I can imagine. Perfect Burn and draw, outstanding in every respect. Kudos AJ."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,San Lotano Oval Gordo,"Many reviewers have a cigar pallet that allows them to discern flavors and textures in various cigars. I do not have that talent. I do, however, know when a cigar is acceptable, better than normal or outstanding based purely on the stick I am enjoying at the moment. San Lotano Oval Gordo fits the ""outstanding"" category. Best way to describe this smoke is delicious. Full bodied flavor that hits all the right notes for one of my favorite cigars. Besides, A.J. Fernandez is my hero - I've never had a bad cigar from that shop."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,San lotano oval by AJ Fernandez,Beautifully constructed delicious smoke
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,good cigar,very good cigar
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,4 out of 5,Good smoke,I would recommend
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,very well made,very well made
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,4 out of 5,Oval,Friend gave me one a month ago and had to get a box. After first cigar I realized that I needed to let them age a bit
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,My favorite premium cigar!,"My favorite premium cigar! Love the oval, box-pressed shape. Good burn, Good taste."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,4 out of 5,Could become a regular,I took a bit of a gamble buying a box of these because the price was so good and I was really glad I did. This is a smooth medium cigar that produces good smoke and has a reasonable draw. If only I had a bigger humidor to take advantage of the great pricing.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,4 out of 5,Good smoke; little pricey!,Good smoke; little pricey!
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,4 out of 5,Really good smoke,Perfect size and a great burn.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,Armada salomons,Really special cigar!
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,Always a great cigar. AJ,Always a great cigar. AJ takes pride in every cigar he produces.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,Top of the non-food chain,"First-rate, perfect finish down to the nub."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,My new favorite,very pleasing cigar a little nutty a little spicy but with just the right taste for the perfect smoke these are a must have for everyone’s humidor
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,One of the Best,One of the best cigars on the planet earth. It is awesome and in my top 3 go to favorite cigars.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,3 out of 5,"Full, harsh, dry.","First off, I love AJ Fernandez' cigars. I recently replenished my humidors with several hundred dollars worth of cigars, including 2 boxes of San Lotano Oval Robusto. I loved these cigars when I smoked them around 2010-2012, so I was excited to try the new batch. I lit one upon receipt and it was a harsh, dry smoke, full somewhat bitter leathery flavor. I let them rest for 3 humidor days and fired up another one. Still harsh, leathery, a little bitter and dry, and I wondered where the spices went. I wait a week, same result. I am sad because I do not recall these cigars to be much better years ago. Maybe my taste buds have changed. But now I have a lot of golf cigars to share."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,San lotano oval.,As smooth as it gets with a ton of flavor. I only wish they were cheaper. Absolutely one of my favorites.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"Never had a bad aj fernandez cigar,wish all cigars were made to the standard of his"
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,Wonderful Smoke!!,"This cigar is a beauty. The construction is flawless, the flavors are intense, and I can't put it down. One of the top cigars I've smoked all year. Highly recommended... DR"
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,4 out of 5,San Lotano,"Pleasantly surprised by this cigar, nice burn, easy draw, and very flavorful all the way through."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Nice draw great smoke with single malt scotch
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,4 out of 5,Coastal musings,"As with all AJ upper offerings the San Lotano has high end construction and perfect draw. The flavor profile is smooth and strength is sophisticated in that it is not st all harsh or rough.
Worth the money which is difficult to say for a large number of sticks in the market!"
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,"A.J.Fernandez, premium cigar blends","The San Lotano ovals are smooth, flavorful and the oval shape makes them easy to handle.
Great cigar to relax with."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,Great sticks,"Great sticks, smoke billows, taste is well above par, construction flawless. What else is there to say?"
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,San Lotano - One of the Best Cigars,"The first San Lotanos I tried came as a part of an A.J.Fernandez sampler pack. They were outstanding smokes, but expensive. On sale this month I couldn't resist."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,San Lantano Oval,Delightful from start to finish. This has been one of my favorites for years and never fails to please. Highly recommended!
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,San Latano Oval,"I've smoked these cigars for years, one of my favorite go to puffs. Med/ Full with plenty flavor."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,"Good smoke and burn. Nice shape, for the money one of my faves. Just ordered more"
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,4 out of 5,Yum,"Hearty, Earthy, smooth and full bodied satisfying smoke."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,San Latano Smokes,Really enjoyed every puff of this fine cigar.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,I'm not very good at,I'm not very good at describing the taste of cigars. I do know that I love this cigar. A.J. makes some really great smokes!
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,Wonderful,Wonderful
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,Fantastic smoke!,"I normally prefer full body cigars, but purchased a box of these toros after reading the reviews. Excellent smoke; beautifully constructed, perfect burn, and much more flavor than I expected. Delicious."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,Tasty smoke,"A very enjoyable cigar.
Cigar has a nice burn and flavor.
A nice hour smoke."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,San Latono Oval,"I am already a big fan of AJ Fernandez. And this cigar did not disappoint in any way. The cigar is very smooth and balanced, I have never had an oval-shaped cigar, but I truly enjoyed this shape, the draw was perfect. The flavor does not blow you away with complexity, but that is not a problem, it is very smooth and delicious, and a true joy to smoke! I will definitely be keeping an eye open for more great deals on this one!"
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great Short Smoke,Great Cigar - Highly recommend for a mild cigar
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Connecticut,4 out of 5,smooth,Nice smoke
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Connecticut,5 out of 5,Smooth tast even burn and,Smooth tast even burn and just the right size for 9 holes of golf.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Connecticut,5 out of 5,Wonderful smoke,Love this one. I compare any Connecticut smoke I get to this one. Smooth and flavorful. This is my top Connecticut cigar to have.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Connecticut,5 out of 5,Smooth good smelling,Smooth good smelling
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Connecticut,5 out of 5,San Lotano Connecticut 6.5 Toro,Nice long smoke. It has an easy draw and fine ash. Medium spicy smoke that grows a little stronger towards the end. I will be buying more of these.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Connecticut,5 out of 5,Squarepress? Oval's are New Kid on Block,"San Lotano oval shape are a really good smoke!
They draw super easy, I usually just punch the cap and I'm good to go. Nice and even burn throughout. Mild cigar to really kick back and enjoy. This is my first box I bought but it won't be my last! Thanks CI"
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Connecticut,4 out of 5,Pretty decent smoke,Gave it 4 stars because a couple burned uneven. Maybe box press cigars are common for that. Other than that the taste is great.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,Great smoke!
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Connecticut,4 out of 5,It’s a very mild cigar,It’s a very mild cigar with Wood mixed coffe flavor very sastifying everyday smoking. I recommending this cigar
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good smoke--a little pricey!,Good smoke--a little pricey!
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Connecticut,5 out of 5,A very well made and,A very well made and flavorful cagar
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Connecticut,3 out of 5,Ok,Ok
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Connecticut,4 out of 5,Go to cigar,"A great go to cigar for a relaxing evening on the patio with a drink in hand. Smooth with a great draw, stays lit without constant relighting."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Connecticut,4 out of 5,Smooth and light,nice burning cigar. smooth and consistent burn. lighter flavor for summer gin and tonics.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,5 out of 5,Great stick! Just buy!!!,"Amazing stick! I’m new to smoking only smoked about a 100 sticks but I can say this is my favorite. I’ve smoked Padron, dunbarton, drew estates, caldwells, etc.. and these still stand out. Bought a 5 pack on a whim and then bought a box. Some spice, chocolate, and coffee. I’m down to about 12 or so and will be sad when they are gone. Jump on these...especially if they are on sale!"
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,5 out of 5,Very nice cigar,Very nice cigar
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,5 out of 5,San lotano oval,"Very nice smoke, well constructed good taste"
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,5 out of 5,San Lotano,Great cigar
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,5 out of 5,San lot another oval,Great!!! Nothing to say but great
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,5 out of 5,Starts slow then blossoms.,"Really good cigar. Get an Oliva V feel out of it....which is great. Upon lighting I get sort of a plain jane tobacco aroma and taste on the palate. Nothing bad but nothing special. About half to 3/4 inch in, this cigar blossoms with toastiness, some nuts and a good bit of cocoa powder. Remains that way down to the nub. Delicious!"
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,5 out of 5,Not Your Mom’s Maduro,Another great cigar from AJ. It’s a little different from the normal Maduro. If you’re looking for the normal sweetness this offers a little different flavors. Definitely recommend.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,5 out of 5,Love this one,Wonderful flavor with a nice draw. Don’t have any complaints and will reorder.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,5 out of 5,AJ’s Great Again!,What a great cigar! I usually try to let them sit for awhile but had to try this ROTT as I’ve not had before. AJ again nailed it! Sweet but yet some spice. Can’t wait to smoke after some time in the humidor. Give them a try!
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,5 out of 5,Hope for the continuance of the original.,This is excellent. What is excellent is a sweet start and finish and an unbelievable taste.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,4 out of 5,Like a Fine Wine,It’s meant to be sipped & savoured
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,4 out of 5,"An okay cigar, but a","An okay cigar, but a lot better brands available"
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,5 out of 5,san lotano maduro,This is a great cigar .long burning. Easy draw full of spice and a good balance of strength and flavor.I would definitely buy it again. Roger G
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,5 out of 5,Maduro smoker,This cigar burns nice and slow with gobs of smoke! No relight necessary and flavors are just what I want. I am starting to realize AJ Fernandez is a cigar genius!
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,3 out of 5,Jackpot,With this deal l feel l hit the jackpot and laugh all the way to the bank.....
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,5 out of 5,"Silky, mellow and full of flavor","Some cigars are full of flavor but have a harsh back of the nose or throat smoke. These have none of that. First draw was all fresh cut wood; cedar, cherry and oak. Second was leather and oak. Third had coffee and pepper. Halfway through, a grapefruit citrus flavor was on the lips. Hints of chocolate and black pepper throughout. After a month in the tupperdore, it had a perfect easy draw and a relatively even burn. This is one of four or five out of about fifty cigars that I've tried that I'm excited to enjoy again. Thanks CI!"
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,5 out of 5,Good,Good
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,3 out of 5,Too Loose,Smoked to fast
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,4 out of 5,Fresh and tasty.,Fresh and tasty.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,5 out of 5,Nice cigar,"Well constructed, even burning smooth smoke with various hints of earth, leather, oak and coffee. Will buy again."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,5 out of 5,San Lotano Oval gordo,"AHh.... one of my favorites from their inception!
Never a Bad light/draw/taste . Great flavor with some strength building throughout the smoke and always well worth the enjoyment value"
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,5 out of 5,San Lotano Oval Maduro,"Excellent smoke! Full of flavor great draw, all of that an a excellent price! AJ Fernandez has done it again!"
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,5 out of 5,Outstandin,Outstandin
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,5 out of 5,San Lotano Oval Maduro,An outstanding smoke. Excellent flavor and a nice even burn. A must try.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent San Lotano,Have enjoyed these previously and this recent purchase makes me wonder why I don’t more often!
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,5 out of 5,San Lotano oval maduro,A Great every day smoke
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,5 out of 5,Awesome,Awesome
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,5 out of 5,San Lotano Oval Maduro,Very full bodied cigar! I prefer a cigar not quite with that much body.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,5 out of 5,San Latino oval maduro,This has become one of my top ten on my list of favorite cigars.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,4 out of 5,A smoke generator,"This is a great cigar. From the shape, silky smooth wrapper and torrential stream of smoke, a real winner. Smooth and strong I love the maduro and the slightly milder natural as well."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem,5 out of 5,Great Smoke!,Great smoke! Will buy again. Really enjoyed this cigar.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem,5 out of 5,ANOTHER MASTERPIECE FROM AJ FERNANDEZ,"Don't doubt anything AJ Fernandez has his hands in. The box-pressed robust requiem Maduro has become one of my favorite sticks & I've only smoked 2 of them. Smooth, huge plumes of thick smoke & a consistent even burn right down to the nub. And the flavor is so smooth I didn't realize it was on the strong end of the cigar spectrum. When these are on sale-stock up. You won't be disappointed."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem,5 out of 5,"One of the best cigars I have in my humidors, if not the best. I took a trip to Cuba last year and purchased some Cubans when it was legal to bring them back and quite honestly, San Lotano stands up to the best of the Cubans, my favorite Cuban is Montecristo No. 2 and San Lotano is right up there with it.","It's a medium to full smoke but not overpowering with a lot of flavor. I really cannot identify the flavors but its a ""physical"" pleasure to smoke a San Lotano. It's smooth, sort of almost creamy, I purchase it every time I get low."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem,5 out of 5,The best time of the year,I look forward every time I smoke one of these. Smooth taste down to the nub.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem,5 out of 5,Very pleased,This is my go to cigar. If seems to pair perfectly with so many liquids...including water...lol
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem,5 out of 5,Smiles,Very pleased
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem,5 out of 5,San Lotano Habano,I bought these for my son and he was very happy. He has a hard time finding these locally. This is his favorite cigar and couldn't stop talking about how good they were.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem,5 out of 5,Excellent!,Can't go wrong with AJF Habano.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem,5 out of 5,San Latano,Smoked well little bit tight on the draw first third after lighting. Good smoke!!
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem,5 out of 5,AJF San Lotano Habano in Robusto,"This is an outstanding cigar. Everything you've come to expect from AJF. Construction is flawless, burn line razor sharp, flavors are great and get even better on the retrohale. My wife (not a cigar smoker) even commented that she was not ""bothered"" by the after-smell when I came back into the house. Winner winner chicken dinner! Guess I'll be getting quite a few more of them."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem,5 out of 5,My favorite cigar thus far.,"I am relatively new to the world of premium cigars. My father introduced me to this wonderful world by giving me a Cuban to celebrate the purchase of our new house. This was back in June 2015. As I write this review in December 2015, I have jumped head first into the ""hobby"" of procuring & enjoying these wonderful little works of art.
As I've now been smoking cigars for 6 months, I rate the San Lotano Habano as my hands down favorite cigar. It's combination of perfect construction on incredible flavors make it #1 in my cigar inventory spreadsheet. I am particularly fond of the cocoa/chocolate flavors.
Take this for what it's worth, but these beaut's are my favorite."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem,5 out of 5,By far my favorite non,By far my favorite non Cuban cigar!
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem,5 out of 5,Joe Golf,"Great cigar, always very consistent."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem,4 out of 5,Christopher Wise,"Very smooth flavorful smoke.
This cigar has a nice even burn.
This is a cigar you want to smoke while
BBQing or after dinner."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Connecticut,5 out of 5,Like this cigar very much.,Nice mild/medium smooth smoke. Hard to find them though.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Connecticut,5 out of 5,Will buy again,"Good draw, even burn, and liked the mild flavor. Would recommend these!"
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Connecticut,3 out of 5,Not the best by AJF,"Not the best by AJF, moderate draw, cigars are kind of soft and I got a full box of 20, there are some nice flavors in it but the construction of this cigar is not the best. Won't be getting anymore of this, I was expecting so much more from a San Lotano."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Connecticut,5 out of 5,Life in Connecticut,"I lived in CT for 33 yrs. We still had a good kosher deli and a movie about CT’s tobacco fields with that actor who reminded us of Tab Hunter co-starred with Sandra Dee. I never had a CT wrapper before this, however, because of my prejudices, but I would buy this item again and again. And always a minute too soon."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Connecticut,5 out of 5,San Lotano Conneticut Churchill,"Great Cigar-wonderful taste,even burning-one of my favorites!"
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Connecticut,5 out of 5,"Great cigar: great wrapper, great","Great cigar: great wrapper, great taste, burns evenly. A real quality cigar. My neighbors are envious!"
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Connecticut,4 out of 5,Solid Smoke,"This falls into the ""not your grandfather's connecticut."" If you like a solid medium Ct with alot of flavor, this wont disappoint. Check out MMAO, and you cant go wrong."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Connecticut,5 out of 5,"Fast shipping, great cigars at great prices",Wonderful deal and very fast shipping!
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Connecticut,4 out of 5,Go to Cigar,"San Lotano are my go to cigars. No matter the occasion, may it be the golf course, or on the patio with a glass of port they are great. They have a great draw and hold their flavor from start to finish."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Connecticut,5 out of 5,Holy Smoke!!!,"Holy Smoke! Best Connecticut I've ever had. So many times I am left disappointed by the underwhelming experience of a Connecticut but not this time. The San Lotano Connecticut Robusto shattered all of my preconceived notions of what a Connecticut could be. This stick oozes flavor and creamy smoke that, in my opinion is closer to a medium bodied cigar. I enjoy it late morning/early afternoon with a cup of espresso and it is pure bliss. I bought a 5 pack to try yet this will be my next box purchase. Give them a try and you'll be a believer too."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great Every Day Cigar,"Well rolled, smooth, holds the ash very well, and overall very enjoyable. One of my favorites."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great,Great
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great Cigar-burns slow and even,Great Cigar-burns slow and even and tastes fantastic!
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Maduro,4 out of 5,Good Cigar.,"Good Cigar. Not my preferred flavor profile, but still a good cigar."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Maduro,5 out of 5,maduro toro,even burn good flavor good quality throughout
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Maduro,5 out of 5,Da best,Love em
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Very nice draw with a medium Maduro. San Andres wrapper makes the cigar.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Maduro,5 out of 5,Wonderful Flavor,"This is a full bodied, flavor packed, AJ Fernandez treat!!! Flavors of leather and oak in a well constructed easy smoking cigar."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Maduro,5 out of 5,Backordered,I will await their arrival patiently. The free whiskey shot glasses did arrive. Also the 2 extras I inadvertently put in the order unwittingly. And I don’t drink. Thanks a lot.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Maduro Taste,A very enjoyable maduro tasting cigar. Not too heavy. A cigar for someone wanted to try a maduro smoke. This one will not disappoint.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Maduro,5 out of 5,"Excellent cigar,smooth flavor,great taste 8⭐️👍",Toro gordo
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Maduro,5 out of 5,Smooth enjoyable cigar.,"Provides a number of enjoyable flavors, with a small amount of pepper at the end. Excellent go to, frequent cigar."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Maduro,5 out of 5,Best cigars,"Always keep a few in the humidor. Love this smoke, what a great purchase year after year. Always a go to and must have!"
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Maduro,4 out of 5,They were very good,A fairly strong spoke but very good
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Maduro,5 out of 5,Hits the spot,"I don't claim to be an aficianado on flavors eminating from my cigars, in fact I often doubt whether reviwers actually taste what they say they taste. If they do, I am envious. With that said, if a cigar hits the spot and doesn't offend my taste buds then it was a good cigar. San Latano does this for me."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano The Bull,5 out of 5,Not for the noviest smoker,Solid box pressed cigar. The Nicaraguan filler is spicy and bold. Good construction. The performance is great. Solid medium to full body stick. Excellent price point.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano The Bull,5 out of 5,no bull,Great start but a bit used up by the finish.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano The Bull,5 out of 5,dependable,Good finish. You know you will not be let down.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano The Bull,4 out of 5,The Bull,"Very solid taste, never had a bad one."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano The Bull,5 out of 5,Great!,"I've always been an AJ Fernandez fan. This toro is just great overall, the taste is excellent, the draw is pretty good, and it's pretty spicy. I'm always going to buy more of these bad boys"
AJ Fernandez San Lotano The Bull,4 out of 5,my accountant recommended San Lotano The Bull Toro,I was doing my taxes and speaking with my accountant he recommended this smoke. I loved it. it was a great smoke from start to finish. I will be reordering it again.
Al Capone,4 out of 5,Good quick smoke,Really nice when you just have time for a quick smoke. Flavor is very good also.
Al Capone,5 out of 5,love them,love them
Al Capone,5 out of 5,Best small smoke,I’ve enjoyed these for years. Good price point and small enough to enjoy during those ever so fleeting mental-recovery moments in life.
Al Capone,5 out of 5,I love these cigars!,I love these cigars!
Al Capone,5 out of 5,I love the taste and,I love the taste and aroma.
Al Capone,4 out of 5,not bad,good for a fast break
Al Capone,5 out of 5,The product arrives on time,The product arrives on time and not damaged.Easy ordering on line. Very convenient.
Al Capone,5 out of 5,Al Capone's,I like these little things. Convenient when I don't have time for a full cigar.
Al Capone,5 out of 5,Al Capone Cigarillos,Great little smoke! Never disappoints! Always satisfies that craving for high quality enjoyment.
Al Capone,5 out of 5,Good flavor,Got these for my husband as he's smoked them before & like the smell of these as I dont smoke & dont like the cigarette smell
Al Capone,5 out of 5,"Great cigarillos and fast service,","Great cigarillos and fast service, thanks"
Al Capone,4 out of 5,Quick and tasty,"Nice little flavored end, quick smoke, in a crush resistant plastic pack. Bought the box of 100, with 10 ten packs, split them with my sons. Wife even enjoys these little smokes. I will say, you need to keep puffin, or you'll need to keep relighting. LOL They go out quick."
Al Capone,4 out of 5,Decent little smokers,While I think the quality may have diminished over the years I continue to regularly purchase these. Decent smoke that's just a bit harsh but still quite enjoyable. Hats off to CI for offering a veteran's discount. Why I'll keep coming back!
Al Capone,4 out of 5,Al Capone’s,Good and quick but harsh
Al Capone,4 out of 5,Al Capone’s,Peppery but not bad quick smoke
Al Capone,4 out of 5,Good,Good
Al Capone,5 out of 5,Love these cigarillos!,"Smooth, sweet, and very mild. Love these cigarillos!"
Al Capone,5 out of 5,Al capones,Great cigars. Awesome deall. Looking forward to future promos.
Al Capone,5 out of 5,Very good,Very good
Al Capone,5 out of 5,Al Cape Cognac Filtered Cigarillos,"Only brand/type I will smoke. Smoooth, cool flavor."
Al Capone,5 out of 5,Al Capone Sweets cigar turbo,Nice smoke definitely will order more in future
Al Capone,4 out of 5,Al capone Jamaican blaze,A very smooth taste pleasantly surprised
Al Capone,4 out of 5,Nice cigar,"Nice taste, and love the size."
Al Capone,5 out of 5,Consistent,Consistent
Al Capone,5 out of 5,NUMBER ONE,Al Capone cognac- dipped cigarillos are by far the best smoke on the market today. I'll smoke nothing else.
Al Capone,5 out of 5,These are great for on the go!,I used to smoke the regular cognac dipped until I discovered the tubo now these are all I smoke when I'm on the go or want something that I won't need as much time to enjoy like an Ashton Vsg Wizard.
Al Capone,5 out of 5,I like these little guys,I like these little guys when I only have 5 or 10 minutes to smoke. Very handy.
Al Capone,5 out of 5,A very smove smoke,A very smove smoke
Al Capone,5 out of 5,Good substitute,Worked in a pinch until the non filtered came back into stock.
Al Capone,5 out of 5,Awesome cigar!,👍👍
Al Capone,5 out of 5,Al Capone Sweet Cigar Tubo,were nice smokes will buy again 5 stars
Al Capone,5 out of 5,Sweet!,"Sweet and smooth for when your on the move! Got them for gift for a friend and smoked them all before Christmas, lol gift card time to replace gidt."
Al Capone,5 out of 5,Great product and price!,Great product and price!
Al Capone,5 out of 5,Am Capone,Great value..unbelievable sweet taste
Al Capone,5 out of 5,Deliuhhb,Therr good
Al Capone,5 out of 5,Good,I like
Al Capone,3 out of 5,Service from CI is always,Service from CI is always great but over the years the quality of Capones has been dropping. Lots of stems included and they now roll them too tightly. Not consistent from pack to pack.
Al Capone,4 out of 5,Best prices and excellent service,I love buying my cigars from cigar international but it's a little over priced over other online cigar stores
Al Capone,5 out of 5,Grreat product,Great customer service amd products I recommend you highly.
Al Capone,5 out of 5,Cigar review,Ordered for my husband - he likes them.
Al Capone,5 out of 5,Very nice,"Very nice cigar, perfect with a highball, love the tube, keeps them safe in the golf bag"
Al Capone,2 out of 5,Sandy,Not sweet at all and burns very fast. Not too thrilled with these
Al Capone,5 out of 5,Al Capone Sweet Cigar Tubo,It's about time they made them bigger! I hope they roll a full size.
Alec & Bradley Blind Faith,5 out of 5,"Really nice, smooth cigar.",Got lots of good feedback from customers who received one at a recent event.
Alec & Bradley Blind Faith,5 out of 5,Just plain enjoyable,"Wonderful smoke. I have long enjoyed Alec Bradley Black Market, and my normal go to is Oliva V. I was looking for something different on this order ad I remembered that the Blind Faith had received a best of 2019 rating. I was not disappointed. I enjoyed the first one with my morning coffee and I found it paired beautifully. The 2nd one I had with a few glasses of bourbon and was incredibly satisfied. Highly recommend."
Alec & Bradley Blind Faith,5 out of 5,Will be a regular addition to my stash!,"Truth be told, I didn’t get this from CI. Left my house without grabbing a stick first and was stranded on Staten Island without a smoke for the ride home! Found a small shop and picked up one of these beauties. Great smoke. Not quite full bodied, but a little more depth than a medium. Consistent quality all the way down to the burnt fingers!"
Alec & Bradley Gatekeeper,4 out of 5,Gatekeeper Solid,Fantastic medium body cigar! I love the sweetness off the Ecuador Habano wrapper. It’s very well made with a great even burn... By far my favorite Alec & Bradley cigar. As a collector of cigar labels this artwork is sweet too... Well done
Alec & Bradley Gatekeeper,5 out of 5,The Brother of the Leaf,"Brilliant cigar, well done brothers"
Alec & Bradley Gatekeeper,5 out of 5,Bradley’s Do It Again,"Fantastic medium body smoke!! Perfect construction, one of the best burn temperatures of any Robusto I’ve had. If I had to pick a favorite cigar family it would be the Bradley’s, and this stick just further solidifies why."
Alec & Bradley Gatekeeper,5 out of 5,Gatekeeper,very very nice
Alec & Bradley Gatekeeper,5 out of 5,A fantastic cigar!,"Got my hands on a box of these at my local cigar lounge at an event and had the pleasure of meeting Bradley himself. I was expecting it to be like their Black Market Esteli (great cigar) and I was thrown off by how different it is. Great flavor, has some sweetness with a hint of pepper. Nice even burn and the flavor only improves as you smoke it. I smoked it all the way to the head and it doesn’t get bitter. This is my new go-to cigar and I highly recommend it!"
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,4 out of 5,Excellent price point for an,Excellent price point for an excellent cigar!
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,5 out of 5,These have been great. At,These have been great. At a price you can’t beat
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,4 out of 5,Great Smoke for the Money,Smooth burning and great flavor. I will definitely order these again.
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,5 out of 5,ALEC BRADLEY 2NDS,Smooth easy draw good tasteing
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,5 out of 5,Good,Nice cigar good garage smoke
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,5 out of 5,Great cigar for a factory second,Excellent smoke for the money
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,5 out of 5,2nds are a great buy.,Cannot tell any difference in these seconds compared to the real thing. I do have to say they came dry but its an easy fix. They smoke great and taste great. Will buy again for sure.
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,4 out of 5,Good,Nice robust smoke-
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,5 out of 5,Really enjoy the smoke.,Really enjoy the smoke.
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,4 out of 5,Enjoy,Enjoy
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,5 out of 5,Nice cigar,"Very nice cigar, service no so much."
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,5 out of 5,Don't buy,"Save more for me! A solid smoke for a great price, buy them all the time."
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,4 out of 5,These are okay,Some issues but they are seconds after all. They smoke a little fast compared to others but tasty.
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,4 out of 5,Good value,Good value
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,4 out of 5,Terrific Bang for the Buck!,"Perfect for every day, these are excellent cigars at below bargain basement prices."
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,5 out of 5,You won't beleive it's a 2nd!,Great cigars! I was too busy enjoying them to think why they aren't 1st's...
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,3 out of 5,very good cigar for the,very good cigar for the price
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,5 out of 5,Good cigar.,I love the 2nds. Quality cigar for a cheaper price. I haven’t found a flaw that effects how the cigar smokes in any way.
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,5 out of 5,Nice,For it being small it had a good punch to it i liked them. I took some to work and smoked one while at work. I do security so walking and puffing was good.
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,3 out of 5,Don't expect quality taste,"May be just my expectations but its just bad tasting as in a very cheap cigar. I don't even know if it has taste, tones. Its just like smoking a cheap cigar and you know how those taste."
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,4 out of 5,Great value,Good cigar at great price!
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,5 out of 5,Excellent For The Price!,These never disappoint. I order these all the time as my everyday smokes. Almost didn’t want to say anything because I don’t want them to run out!
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,5 out of 5,My favorite daily!!,Never disappoints.
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,4 out of 5,No regrets,"These are truly top end smokes at a bargain basement price. The construction, the way they burn (evenly, slowly), the ash (durable), and most importantly, the flavor (refined). I also enjoy a decent ring size on a cigar that's not so long that I have to commit to a full hour (though these would probably last that long if I weren't such a Bogart!).
Mine could have used a little more time in my humidifier, as they only improve with age. It is without hesitation or regret that I recommend these unique, high end smokes!"
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,5 out of 5,Good cigars,Good cigars
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,5 out of 5,Screamin' Deal!!,"This was more than a screamin' deal! Out of 10, all but one smoked like a 90+ cigar should. I had to use an awl on one that was rolled a little tight. But, all burned (and smoked!!) terrific"
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,4 out of 5,AB 2nds,Really good smoke for the price. Would definitely buy again.
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,5 out of 5,5/2020 OUT OF THE PARK GOOD!,"This is only for the 5/2020 release.
If I hadn't blown my budget on other sticks this month, I would be coming back to buy several more packs of these guys RIGHT NOW! I've nubbed the two I've smoked. Probably the best AB2nd smoke I've had in a year."
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,4 out of 5,5/2020 PCs need age,"This is just for the 5/2020 Petite Coronas. They are most oscuro, and just need a bit of rest. I've had two so far and they are giving off pretty acrid flavors.
Would I buy them again... Only if I knew I was going to sit on them for a while."
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,4 out of 5,👍,👍
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,3 out of 5,Inconsistent burn but good flavor.,Inconsistent burn but good flavor.
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,4 out of 5,2nds,"Really good, great price not a bad one in the bunch"
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,4 out of 5,Been looking for a reasonable,Been looking for a reasonable everyday smoke and this has fit the bill. Mild to medium even burn stick.
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,5 out of 5,The real deal,The real deal
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,5 out of 5,Great smoke.,Great smoke.
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,5 out of 5,What a deal!,Best cigar at this price level I've had yet!!
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,5 out of 5,Perfect for a short break!,"Perfect for an in between smoke - nice draw, really nice aroma."
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,5 out of 5,A must have in your humi,"Great for everyday smokes that don't break the bank. I'm not going to say it's the best cigar I've had, but the price to performance is what is really amazing here. Really good cigar at a very affordable price."
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,4 out of 5,Pretty good,I’d never had an Alec Bradley before and decided to give it a shot since It was the deal of the day. They burnt good and tasted good. I’d do it again
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,4 out of 5,Great everyday Cigar,"As the label states theses are 2nds some have a uneven burn however for the most part, still a very good cigar with a bold flavor."
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,4 out of 5,They were very good cigars.,They were very good cigars. They came packaged well and fresh. I like them so much that they didn't last very long. I smoked one every day.
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,4 out of 5,Nice cigar,"I've never bought seconds before, so I wasn't sure what I was going to get. It's a nice cigar for the price. These were more on the full bodied strength. Nice flavor and good draw. They last about an hour if you stay on it. It's more of an every day smoke. Not a ""Saturday cigar"" , but a good smoke. I'd get them again."
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,4 out of 5,Better Than Expected,"Very pleased. Well constructed. A few veins here and there. Nice, deep flavor. Good burn. Good enjoyable smoke."
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,5 out of 5,Good selection,The cigars were good quality. Enjoy them.
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,4 out of 5,Great,I was very surprised how good these were.
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,5 out of 5,Just As Good as the 1sts,"You would never know that these are 2nds...same taste, full body and even burn as the 1sts. I will stock up on these when they come around again."
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,3 out of 5,Alec bradley 90+ rated 2nds,"I thought it was a good value. Definitely a flavorful smoke. It burned fine. Would have been nice for the draw to have been a little tighter. I'm glad I bought them for an everyday smoke. I can't say I would buy them again, cause I'm always looking for something different."
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,5 out of 5,Great smoke and an unheard,"Great smoke and an unheard of price. Never tried a “second “ before, boy was I surprised."
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,4 out of 5,good sticks,good sticks
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,Awesome choice,"Definitely a winner. Great taste, smooth and even burn. What’s not to like? Good price point which doesn’t break the bank. Cigars were constructed well. Makes a real nice gift. Don’t hesitate to purchase!"
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,Nothing but enjoyment from beginning,Nothing but enjoyment from beginning to end
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,4 out of 5,Alec Bradley American Classic,Very robust and smooth! Would definitely buy again.
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,As expected!,Another excellent product from AB.
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,A banging medium stick!,"Fantastic medium cigar. It's everything I look for in a medium stick. The cedar and the smoothness combined with the creamy and ample smoke is perfect. Great construction, sharp burn, super ash."
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,4 out of 5,Not a bad cigar but not great,"I’d say the Cigar is more of a 3.5/5 but I’ll give it 4 since it’s an American. It’s not a bad medium body cigar but definitely not as high quality as some of their other blends. I do enjoy this cigar personally, but it’s more one that sits in the Humi and given to company when I’m smoking. I’d agree with all posts that say it needs some time to rest before smoking. Not bad but not great."
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,Relax enjoy,"Mild, easy draw, nice aroma. Relax with sip of American Honey rest on your tongue and then do the same after a easy draw of the cigar is enjoying to the ultimate . The aroma is so great even the flies hover in the smoke."
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,4 out of 5,GREAT,GOOD CIGAR.
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,5 star FoSho!!👊🏾,"5 star FoSho! Terrific aroma and structure out of the package. Burns evenly, with light cream/nutty flavor. Smooth draws and maintains a 1 inch ash. Mild/med, not overly intense. You will not be disappointed. 👏🏾👏🏾"
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,Great stick,"I'm a big Rocky Patel & Arturo Fuentes fan. Alex Brady now run a close second. These sticks taste great, burn very evenly & smooth till the very end. I would purchase this cigar again."
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,Good burn good flavor,Good burn good flavor
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar,"The Robusto's I bought are a fine, mellow smoke and are just big enough. I'll buy more of these."
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley American,First time for this smoke. Great smoke with nice flavor. Will purchase these again. Recommend this fine cigar.
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,3 out of 5,AB American Classic Blend Toro,"While it was an easy smoke, it was milder than expected. It was a bit harsh as well, not as smooth as other Alec Bradley's I enjoy.."
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,4 out of 5,Yes Please,Nice burn great flavor
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,4 out of 5,reasonable smoke for the price,"Good quality, good draw, taste of a Connecticut wrapper with a little more flavor."
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,CI rocks!,Another great cigar in my love affair with CI! I have never been steered wrong by the folks at my favorite cigar depot!
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,4 out of 5,Solid,Nothing special but a decent smoke for the money!
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,Smooth,"Great draw, burns evenly. It is milder than advertised but still has great flavor and finish. I will purchase again!"
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley American Classic,The perfect 'Medium' bodied smoke for our wedding! Great flavor for enthusiasts and mellow enough for the curious at the wedding reception!
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,This is a great smoke.,This is a great smoke. Draws well and burns evenly. A tasty smoke.
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,4 out of 5,Alec Bradley,"Great cigars, and always good deals out there as well. Construction is usually flawless. My every day go to cigar"
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,great smoke,One of my favorite cigars from one of my favorite makers alec brabley
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley classic blend toro,"Great burn, smooth. Will definitely keep a few of these in my humidor at all times!!!"
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley- American,Really enjoyed how smooth the draw was and great burn. Very nice cigar
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,Nice smoke,Very nice cigar with long ash. Would purchase again.
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,Excellent cigars,These Sun-Grown Alec Bradley’s are very smooth and taste superb. They are some of my favorites.
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,great smoke!,this is one of the best cigars i have ever had.
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,excellent cigar enjoyed it. I,excellent cigar enjoyed it. I am always trying all brands
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,3 out of 5,Alec Bradley,"The wrap fell apart as I cut it, acted like it was either dry or old even though it has been my humidor at 70 per cent. Smoke was good with it a hit of pepper at the start and smooth after that. Will see what the others do when I get around to smoke them."
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,Great smoke.,Great smoke.
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley Classic Blend,"Love this cigar!!! If you like a spicey cigar, this is the one for you."
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,4 out of 5,Decent cigar,Good burn but draw a little tight. Flavor was medium. Will buy again at a good price.
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,4 out of 5,Alec Bradley American blend,It was a good cigar all around I'm not the biggest fan of the wrapper but still Alec Bradley quality and awesome for it's class
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,3 out of 5,Not to good not to,Not to good not to bad
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,4 out of 5,Very GOOD SMOKE,Very GOOD SMOKE
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,3 out of 5,Its an ok Cigar. I'm,Its an ok Cigar. I'm a big AB fan but I probably wont buy these again.
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,Very smooth.,Very smooth.
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,Good,Good
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,4 out of 5,Good every day cigar,Good every day cigar
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,Very smooth,Very smooth
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,4 out of 5,Good mild cigar,Good mild cigar
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,Great product !!!,Great smoke! Would buy again!
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,A great cigar!,A superb smoke as expected from AB. My 3rd time buying - and will keep doing so.
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,Very smooth cigar,Very smooth cigar
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,2 out of 5,Most unfavorable,"Not a bad smoke but I normally get a lot better cigar from AB
Will smoke them all but will not be buying more of this cigar, will buy more AB ..."
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,4 out of 5,Happy father day,Bought for my son. He loved them. I did a lot of reading reviews and discrimination of blends.
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Alex Bradley Sun Grown,Can not go wrong with Alec Bradley cigars
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Thanks,Good cigar
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Good chewy,Tasty nice may chew it and not light it
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,4 out of 5,I always enjoy Alec Bradley,These cigars have a nice medium body flavor Good texture and flavor. My only criticism would be they did not all burn evenly.
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,An outstanding value!,An outstanding value!
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,4 out of 5,John,"Pleasantly surprised, got these at a cheap price but they're not cheap cigars. Good flavor, a little strong for me but not bad. Only downgrade is draw, they're rolled tight and draw hard. Other than that, a great value."
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,4 out of 5,ABASG,"Easy draw, great cap, burns well. Love the taste. I really enjoy an Allen Bradley relaxin in the recliner. Keep it up AB. Good price!"
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Nice,Good smoke for sure!
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,A must try,Great smoke. Nice even burn. Smooth draw. Complex notes. Full bodied delight! Pleasantly surprised by this stick!
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Wright cigars,Just want to thank you guy's in getting my cigars. You make it easy for me getting my wright cigars
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Excellent 👍,Excellent 👍
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,4 out of 5,"Good small cigar. Drew well,","Good small cigar. Drew well, stayed lit, burned evenly."
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Ab sungrown,Great cigar
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Good golfing cigar!,Great for nine holes. Draw was fine. Burned a little hot on one rolled a bit loose.
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,3 out of 5,Not well built.,"I have had these before and really liked them for the flavor, but these had an uneven burn. Flavor was still good."
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Solid,"I know, I probably should have aged these a bit more, but I couldn't wait! Picked up a 10 pack on sale this week. Really nice! Lots of earth but also sweet with an espresso finish. Looking forward to the rest. A nice end to the Easter break!"
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Smooth and Tasty,The robusto is very nice. Has a dark wrapper that looks like a maduro with some veins. Burn and draw good. Started out good and got exceptionally smooth at the sweet spot all the way down to a nub. Woodsy toasty earthy tasty. I enjoy them.
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,underrated,"I really love this cigar. Always get it in a Torpedo, and use a v-cutter. It definitely is peppery, but it also has has some of sweetness/nuttiness some oily earth (if that makes sense to you) characters. I know it's not a high end cigar, but it certainly does not lack quality, extremely pleasant smoke, and I like to take my time with it."
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley American Sun Grown Robusto,Very good! I like the more flavorful cigars and this one didn't disappoint!
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,3 out of 5,6 on a scale of 10.,"This is an "" OK "" cigar that I thought would be more outstanding. Nothing horrible about them, but nothing Special either !! Straight forward -- middle of the road cigar taste -- burn line was quite good, but I've honestly had Factory Throwouts with more pleasing taste. Truly let down by this Bradley 5 X 50 guy."
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Jh Waco,Enjoyed while they lasted.
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good Smoke
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,3 out of 5,Alec Bradley sun grown robusto,Good overall flavor but burned hot and unevenly
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Good stick!! Smooth and easy,Good stick!! Smooth and easy pull from spark to nub. Enjoy the peppery flavor and even burn. Love them!!
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Good flavor and burn well,Good flavor and burn well
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Best,Amazing
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Full Body Smoke For After Dinner,This sungrown robusto kicked my butt from the start. Well rolled and good draw. Full body with a flavor mix of cedar and spice with a healthy dose of pepper. I prefer a mild cigar but these go great after a hearty meal.
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Tasty,Delicious. Even burn
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,4 out of 5,"Good, not great, but good.","Construction is ok, a little loose on several and although I don't recall if these are long filler or not, they tend to shred a little as though short filler.
Tasted is there and would buy again."
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,3 out of 5,Good but not great,"I won’t tell you that this cigar will be your favorite cigar you ever have. But it is a solid AB offering at a good price. I would put it more in the medium to mild-medium category. It’s not very complex but it has a good traditional cigar flavor and a former draw. If you’re a beginner or intermediate cigar smoker, this is a great cigar to try. It won’t blow you away with flavor but it’s not boring either. AB has better cigars but this is a solid offering that won’t disappoint."
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Smooth,Nice flavor.
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Cigar Lover,Still my number one favorite
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,4 out of 5,"Great smoke, Great size, Great price!","Right now I’m at a 4.5. But once I smoke a few more, who knows ... I might rate it even higher."
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Nice full bodied stick..,"This stick is nice & smooth, fresh, great pull & full bodied but a little peppery for my taste.. still warrants 5⭐s in my opinion!!"
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Wonderful cigar from AB,"Smoked this cigar at work lounge with our new client. Lasted 1 hour... needless to say, won me a bid! Good taste, perfect burn rate, awesome draw, will definitely buy again."
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Great,It’s a great smoke.
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Great sticks!,Great smokes fun of flavor! Can’t beat the price either!
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley Sun Grown,"Lot of flavor, burns evenly. I will purchase them again"
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Alec the Great Again,"What a great smoke, another great AB cigar. Recommended for an everyday smoke."
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Sun grown,Sun grown have become some of my favorite sticks and this one is at the top of that list. I first found them on the fire start special and have ordered them every since.
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Alec Bradley,Great smoke!!
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,smooth,A very good cigar with a smooth draw. great for the price
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Pretty good,"Yep, they're pretty good"
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Great cigar...,Just a bit skinny though... I bought the toros and they really have a fuller flavor
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Good even smoke and great,Good even smoke and great taste
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Alec Baadley American Sun Grown Robusto,Smoke one cigar a day while I walk my dog in the evening. Really like this cigar. Has a moist freshness and taste is to my liking. And the right size.
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,AB Sungrown,"Nice, rich flavor. Perfect end of the day smoke"
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Alec Bradley Sungrown Coronas,Received the Alec Bradley Sungrown Coronas in Five days. Cigars were a bit dry and needed to spend some time in humidor. The few that I have smoked so far have been too harsh and dry. I have ordered AB Sungrowns before from CI and have really enjoyed them.
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley Robusto,"I love the cigar, however, I think I prefer the corona size."
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Robusto,My go to smoke if you can find them
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Alec Bradley Black Market,4 out of 5,Black Market by Alec Bradley,I have enjoyed this cigar for years great taste
Alec Bradley Black Market,4 out of 5,Very good cigar,Medium to mild very tasty.
Alec Bradley Black Market,4 out of 5,Very good long lasting smoke.,Very good long lasting smoke. Not your everyday cigar. I would definitely purchase them again.
Alec Bradley Black Market,4 out of 5,Fantastic Cigar!,"This may be the best cigar I've smoked in a long time. Very rich, full of flavor, perfect draw, just a delight to enjoy."
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Perfect draw... medium to bold...,Perfect draw... medium to bold... never fails
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Great for 9 holes on the golf course
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Delicious Cigars,"good quality, nice and delicious cigars. thanks."
Alec Bradley Black Market,4 out of 5,Good cigar,"Alec Bradley has upped their over the yrs and any of the Black Market line is great. This cigar had a good taste and great texture, I did have some canoeing but don't know who's to blame. I would recommend this smoke."
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Black market,Very flavorful medium bodied gar
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Smooth taste,Go exellent with scotch
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Good After a Steak Dinner,"Bought a stick from a smoke shop just outside of my area. Even though its pricey. I now see why this cigar means business. Good draw, lots of smoke and really spicey. I enjoyed it."
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Love this,All cigars in great condition. Fast shipment.
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Superior Smoke,"Black Market is great starting with the wrap. Easy draw, even burn and great taste. Lives up to 90+ rating. Great CI price and freebies."
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley - Black Market a great smoke,Alec Bradley - Black Market is one of my everyday cigars. It is a great cigar with a consistant smooth smoke everytime I pull one out of it's wrapper.
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Great smoke,This is my go to cigar. Great smoke on the golf course!
Alec Bradley Black Market,4 out of 5,A good smoke! Not my,"A good smoke!
Not my favorite Alec, but definitely worth the time.
Very enjoyable."
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,AB Black Market,"Great smoke, easy draw, very smooth. Great complexity and aroma."
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Black Market is up,First time gamble on it produced personaal gain because this was a remarkable stock option. Quite surprising but now will get more invested.
Alec Bradley Black Market,4 out of 5,Label for marketing could be,"Label for marketing could be more catching
Maybe black with yellow print
But the smoke was smooth right up to the last inch"
Alec Bradley Black Market,3 out of 5,"Great cigar, wont stay lit...","I love, love, love this cigar but it will not stay lit .....i clipand also poke it and it will not stay lit, and for that my disappointment is 2 stars removed."
Alec Bradley Black Market,4 out of 5,Black Market,A good puff fine taste a true Medium body
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,great smokin cigar,very enjoyable smoke
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Consistently awesome,"One of my go to’s for the summer from Alec Bradley, great smoke, flavor and burns great"
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,First Time,Recommended by a cigar buddy. Great smoke. Will definitely buy again.
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Great quick smoke,"Has a lot of flavor, burns well. Maybe not the best of Black Market sizes, but when you just want a quick smoke these will not disappoint."
Alec Bradley Black Market,4 out of 5,Black Market,Black Market delivers a consistently good smoke. It is an everyday cigar for me and is definitely box worthy!!
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Ok,Good cigars
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley NEVER disappoints,"Alec Bradley NEVER disappoints, Black Market Torpedo hits the mark in the Alec Bradley Family."
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Best smoke for the money,Best smoke for the money
Alec Bradley Black Market,4 out of 5,A great cigar is a great cigar,Not my favorite Bradley but will never turn it down.
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,AB Black Market,"I bought the Churchills this time. I have to say that the Robustos are smoother and have less ""pepper"" at the end. I would think that the tobacco quality would be the same."
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,A new favorite!,This is a new favorite and a must have.
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Love these cigars,Great any time smoke and the most interesting box ever. I give the boxes to kids and they treat them like treasure chests. Terrific cigar and great packaging.
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley Black Market,"I was introduce to this cigar by a good friend of mine, and have been hooked ever since. It is a very smooth Murdoro and surprisingly very taste full for a full body cigar."
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,One of the best,"Normally, I'm into medium-full to full flavored kind of guy. As a medium...this really surprised me. I mean, its an Alec Bradley, I wasn't surprised that it was a great smoke, just surprised how much flavor is packed into these things. Ever get a stick that you don't want to end? Ready to get the roach clip at the nub, kinda stick? Black Market is one of those."
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Love Alec Bradleys!,The Black Market Robusto's were much smoother than I anticipated - a great smoke!
Alec Bradley Black Market,4 out of 5,My first AB Black Market Robusto,"This cigar was very good. Great draw, full body, spicy but not overpowering with a nice finish. I look forward to my next Black Market!"
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley Black Market,Great flavor. Even burn. I would buy these again. Another great Alec Bradley buy!
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,One of my Favorites,"Anytime I can get my hands on these, I do it! Great smoke all the way through. I do cigar exchanges with all my friends and they ALL love this one!"
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Nice sticks,"Burned great, really enjoyed these cigars."
Alec Bradley Black Market,1 out of 5,Good Riddance!!!!,One of if not the worst purchase I have made in quite sometime. Very one dimensional boring stick. A touch of earth was all I could pick up and wrapper just cracked apart in multiple places even after resting in my humidor for over 2 months. Construction was terrible and so was the burn line. There was absolutely nothing positive to say about this stick except that after suffers through 4 of them I gave the fifth one to my neighbor. Good riddance!!! Will never give this stick a 2nd thought!
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,fantastic!,a great cigar. a year ago this one was first cigar and to this day is my favorite go to I have tried about 60+ others since (I have 5-8 cigars a week). this is by far my favorite very rarly are they rolled poorly and the burn smooth and last about an hour for a churchill
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley Black Market Gordo,"I ordered A/B Black Market Gordo they came in three days of ordering them, they were all in great shape. i have smoked three of them and they are a very good smoke alot of flavor burn clean alot of smoke too. thanks CI i will be buying more of these."
Alec Bradley Black Market,3 out of 5,Not happy,Little punch I like mild this not mild
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Great job,"I got a coupon in my email, decided to order a box, they came prompt and packaged perfectly.. I am beyond pleased with my experience !"
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Exceeded all expectations,After sitting in the humidor for about 2 months I decided to light this up tonight. Absolutely phenomenal!! So creamy and paired so well with this brandy in my hand. Enjoying it so much this is my first review. I will make sure I have some handy at all times. Great stick!
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,My favorite till my last smoke ever. Thank you Alec bradley for this one.,By far my daily smoke i try start most days with this one and always go back to it. Last cigar i want before I die i tell every one and i swear by that statement. never an issue and will buy every time im in a parlor or online. MUST have....!!!!!
Alec Bradley Black Market,4 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar. My go to stick
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Taste,Very smooth and excellent wood flavor
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Outstanding,My absolute favorite cigar. Great taste and long burn make this an absolutely enjoyable cigar - preferably after dinner.
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,4 out of 5,gets the job done :),gets the job done :)
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Great everyday cigar!,Great everyday cigar!
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Esteli Robusto,Lots of flavor and the strength isn't overbearing.
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Excellent all around cigar. Rich,"Excellent all around cigar. Rich in flavor, smoke, and great aroma. One of the best cigars I've ever had. You can't go wrong with this stick. Great for any time. If you're uncertain on which cigar you want to try next, this is the one! You can thank me later while you smoke this beauty."
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Great,Great cigar
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,4 out of 5,Tasty,yummy ....licorice !!!!
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,ONE OF MY FAVORITES,"I bought a box of the Churchill size because it was the #9 cigar of 2018 (actually, the torpedo won the honors, but I like Churchill size more). CI had an incredible deal on these cigars that included a discount and 12 free Alec Bradley cigars. The cigars start off very peppery, but soon turn medium bodied and the pepper fades, and a pleasing taste of cocoa flavor with a touch of sweetness takes over. I've smoked 12 of the box, and each one burns perfectly and slowly. I've been smoking cigars for 30 years, and consider the Black Market Esteli one of the best I've smoked."
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,I believe these were a,I believe these were a substitution in a AB sampler. I was not disappointed! Would definitely order these again.
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar,"Great smoke. Burns flawlessly, full flavor and keeps lit. What more could you want? Excellent...one of my favorites!"
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,worth the price,worth the price
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Great Smooth Smoke,"Great taste, slow even burn and fantastic draw!"
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke with a shot whiskey. One of Alex Bradley best cigars.
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Flavorful yet maturely subtle,Love these. The Black Market Vandal has been a long-time favorite. The Esteli gives me the same amount of satisfaction with a more developed taste & finish.
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Good slow burning cigar,Good slow burning cigar
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Delicious and perfectly constructed.,Delicious and perfectly constructed.
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,4 out of 5,Very nice,Would recommend you try this one
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,4 out of 5,Good smoke,"Good med, to full. A couple had a less than perfect draw, but one, I'd buy again..."
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,black marker estelli,"Great smoke....tasty,nice construction....I'll buy again."
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Black Market Estelli,"My husband loves these cigars, almost any cigar that comes out of Nicaragua."
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,4 out of 5,One of Alec Bradley's better smokes,"Easy draw, fairly even burn,more medium body than full, smooth and flavorful."
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Would purchase this package again.,Good flavor and a very good smoke.
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,great smoke,great smoke
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley November Purchase,Great tasting cigar! Great with a glass of Angel's Envy wiskey!
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Great smoke for the money!,Rich taste. Great price!
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Great smoke.,Smokin deal too
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,4 out of 5,AB Esteli,"Good stick, great deal from CI!"
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,4 out of 5,Versus original black market,Prefer the original for both smoother flavor and construction
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Loved the cigars,JR cigars ships promptly. This is a great robust cigar but nothing harsh about it.
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,A good cigar.,I like to sample blends before I commit and after smoking a black market Estelí I will purchase more..
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,4 out of 5,Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli is a very nice cigar with good flavor that burns well.
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Nice Cigar,"This cigar has a smooth, slightly spicy taste. Good even burn, and an easy draw."
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley,Awesome!
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,4 out of 5,Good smoke I will get,Good smoke I will get them again
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Estella,Absolutely a great smoke. Smototh
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Great gar,Great gar
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Great bang for buck.,Great bang for buck.
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,4 out of 5,Decent smoke,Decent smoke
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,4 out of 5,Slow burning. Tasty to the,Slow burning. Tasty to the end
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,4 out of 5,Excellence,A good cigar
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,B e a utiful,"Delicious from beginning to end. Puts out tons of smoke, spices keep it interesting but not overpowering."
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,4 out of 5,Excellent smoke,One of my favorite cigars. Smooth from beginning to the end.
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Alex Bradley Black Market Esteli,"Excellent cigar, nice draw, nice burn!"
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,4 out of 5,Pretty Good,Pretty Good
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,4 out of 5,Alec Bradley black market,Awesome cigar all around. I believe one of the top affordable cigars that I know of. Will enjoy them again when I run out
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,4 out of 5,Nice cigar,Nice cigar
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,4 out of 5,Solid cigar and a great price,"Fairly new smoker and haven’t tried many cigars north of $10 a stick, these are worth spending a few extra bucks."
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,4 out of 5,Great cigar but the PVandal,Great cigar but the PVandal Perfecto is much better
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Do It!,Buy these. In my opinion they are in the top 10 of all the cigars that I have smoked. Great aged tobaccos and really well rolled. They burn like a champ.
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Great Smoke
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,4 out of 5,I think one of Bradley,"I think one of Bradley best, if you like a stronger smoke."
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Great Smoke!,The best of the Black Market Series by far. An excellent deal for the box of 10 including the 12 pack sampler!
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Top 5,This smoke just made my top 5 smoke list.
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,A great smoke,My favourite AB by far. made even better by some time in the humidor
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Great,Great cigar
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,4 out of 5,Would purchase this package again.,Always a darn good smoke.
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Enjoyable Smoke,Very enjoyable smoke.
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar!,"Great tasting cigar! Had to try one as soon as they arrived and was not disappointed, lots of thick smoke to enjoy. Will let the rest age a bit in the humidor to see how they develop."
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,4 out of 5,Great cigars,The cigars are great but one of them came damaged. It looked like someone accidently cut it with a razor blade and it is unsmokable due to the cut being so close to the cap of the cigar.
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Great smoke. My go to!,Great smoke. My go to!
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Rich smoke,"The black market vandal is smooth, Rich and the delicious cigar. I have begun hoarding the ones I have left."
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Highly recommend
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Very well made and consistent,Very well made and consistent flavor profile and burn throughout. Slow burning so allow yourself time to fully enjoy this cigar. AB has a winner here.
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"I originally got one of these in a sampler, the taste, burn everything was perfecto!!! So I bought 20 Cigars 👍"
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,A very enjoyable rich smoke,"Had these before and really enjoyed them. Fuller body with a smooth, even flavor."
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,2 out of 5,Alec Bradley black market review,I Thought I was getting a round tip and got a torpedo tip cigar. It was very difficult to keep going as well and wanted to split open a bit. I believe it is how it is humidified
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Great body smoke,Great body smoke
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Bold flavor.,Bold flavor.
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,Great smoke!
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,4 out of 5,Close but no cigar,"Very good cigar, I rated it with a 4 simply because 5 is reserved for Cubans with their soft, earthy unique flavor."
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,4 out of 5,Good Cigar,"Good smoke, good strength good draw, but a little bitter at the end."
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Absolutely fabulous!!!!,My favorite cigar...good bold flavor....burns evenly.
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Black market vandel,Great strong smoke. One of my favorites. Try it you'll like it.
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,AB Black Market Vandal,"A great cigar that is well balanced and satisfying. Provides just enough flavor without being overpowering. I enjoy this cigar in the morning, during the day, or after a good meal!"
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Great Cigar!,Great Cigar!
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Get out of jail free!!,This is a great stick very consistent smoke. Roll on!
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,4 out of 5,Good Smoke,Good Smoke
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,3 out of 5,Its a good cigar... Some,Its a good cigar... Some spice in the 1st 3rd.. Not my favorite AB
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,4 out of 5,Nice flavor,Nice flavor
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley Vandel,"Great cigar, will have it in my regular rotation"
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,4 out of 5,Decent smoke,It’s a good smoke nice to sit down and relax with
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,1 out of 5,POINTS for everything but what truest counts.,"SAD....
This cigars looks beautiful and burns great. And maybe I just got duds but I must say what flavor profile?? Thisstick was bland to say the least good amount of smoke very nice draw. There was a few moments of flavor but they were gone in a puff or two. I’m just sad that with a cigar this good looking and well made left me with a bland bored feeling about it.
I got two from a flight sampler and both were the same way."
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Alex Bradley,"The flavor is awesome. It burns evenly all the way to the end and the draw perfect. The draw isn't to hard or to easy, it is just right so the cigar last longer."
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,By far my favorite cigar!!!,By far my favorite cigar!!!
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,4 out of 5,Excellent cigar. Smooth with opal,Excellent cigar. Smooth with opal smoke and nutty
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,No surprise to me that these are excellent.,"No surprise to me that these are excellent. I smoke Alec Bradley cigars more than any other brand, The Black Market Vandal Belicoso are fantastic and Great Cigars"
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Black Market Vandal,"Excellent cigar from AB. Burned for over two hours. Medium to full bodied,smooth and cool burning. Very flavorful. Will buy again"
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,MY GO TO CIGAR!!!!,"Thank you Cigars International once again!!!! I give this Cigar 5 Stars. One of the best I ever had. Slow pull with great immense flavor. I have been purchasing Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal for about 6 months now and it continues to impress me. As a women who loves a good cigar I have passed on my findings of this cigar to many and it has become the GO TO Cigar for many men so don't let that deter you from trying this Cigar!! I would like to see them in box of 20 since 10 is what they come in now. Price is a little steeper than what I would like, but I will pay it with the quality this Cigar gives.
Kudos to Alec Bradley AGAIN."
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,1 out of 5,Won't make that mistake again,"Sharp bitterness in the back of the mouth. Couldn't finish it. Burn and smoke volume OK, but nowhere as good as other cigars in their stable"
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Crazy about Vandal,Best smoke I've had in years!
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Black Market Vandal,"hmmm,.. one of my favorites!"
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,4 out of 5,"Good, but...","These were great smokes, but the wrappers, in spite of proper humidifcation, partially unwrapped on a couple."
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Amazing. One of the best,Amazing. One of the best cigars I’ve ever had
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,4 out of 5,A good smoke,Good strong smoke -- Great construction
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,excellent cigar,If you can get these on sale they are a great deal
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Black Market is a good cigar,Nice cigar good size when I don't have much time to smoke lots of flavor
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley,My husband enjoyed the mild taste and easy smoke of this cigar and said I could order them for him again.
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,3 out of 5,Ehh,"Wasn't impressed. Good flavor and decent craftsmanship but it lacked depth. A one note stick. If its a bargain grab it, otherwise its a pass"
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,3 out of 5,Mild,Gets better second half.
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,5 out of 5,Nice burn and great taste.,Nice burn and great taste.
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,4 out of 5,A nice smoke,Very smooth smoke. Nice flavor and burned nicely all the way down.
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,5 out of 5,"Very good cigar. Burned evenly,","Very good cigar. Burned evenly, good flavor with a strong finish. I will keep a couple in my humidor for a rainy day."
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,4 out of 5,Ehhhhhh,"Good smoke, could use s’more flavor as it’s a basic tobacco type with not much else happening. Reminds me of a Macanudo but this has a much better draw"
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,3 out of 5,I little mild for my,I little mild for my liking but a good burn
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,5 out of 5,"Great smoke, mild to med!","Great smoke, mild to med!"
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,5 out of 5,Love This Stick,I'm normally a medium to full smoker. I got this 5 pack in a CI sampler and couldn't be happier. Wow...what a great smoke! Mellow but great taste (not bland). I thoroughly enjoyed this stick. Great smoke. Another WIN from AB.
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,4 out of 5,Black Market Connecticut wrap,I like that it is a smooth and mild smoke. It does not smell bad either. My only complaint if I were being critical is that it starts peeling as you get close to the label.
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,5 out of 5,Great tase!,Great tase!
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,5 out of 5,Love it!,Love it!
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,5 out of 5,AB,"Great smoke, very enjoyable. Nice cedar flavor with a smooth cream like finish. Great smoke output as well."
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,5 out of 5,Good smoke,They were a good smoke for the deal. I am bargain shopper and like to find those hidden gems in the deals. This was one and would buy again for sure.
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,4 out of 5,Good one,"Nice, mild taste"
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,4 out of 5,Very mild smoke. Enjoyed very,Very mild smoke. Enjoyed very much
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,5 out of 5,They are really good cigars,They are really good cigars
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,4 out of 5,Review,Nice smoke
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,4 out of 5,A.c. bradley,Very good cigar
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,5 out of 5,Vandal,Nice smoke. All these brands are good
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,5 out of 5,Great stick,Smooth excellent smoke
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,4 out of 5,Good smoke. Will tell a,Good smoke. Will tell a friend..
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,5 out of 5,Great Stick,Love the flavour profile from this connecticut stick. Great twist on the original blend.
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,4 out of 5,Smooth good burn,Smooth good burn
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,5 out of 5,I had never tried these,I had never tried these cigars before. I was pleasantly surprised. And plan on buying more on my next order.
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,4 out of 5,Great morning espresso stick!,The blend is very similar to the American Classic Blend which I adore! A great smoke poolside with a Lavazza espresso!
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,5 out of 5,The con,Great smooth smoke. Really enjoyable
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,3 out of 5,Rhinos review,"The con Toro is an ok cigar, but I wanted to try it because it is AN A.J.F. stick and I love his vandal puro and his black market vandel. I am more of a maduro medium to full smoker for the past 35 years. AJ has some superb smokes. Respectfully submitted."
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,4 out of 5,New Cigar Is Good!,"Really a nice smooth Connecticut blend. The only issue is that bit seems to get harsh and tar flavor, otherwise its winner!"
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,4 out of 5,The Con,"Good Cigar for the Golf Course , a couple had a funny burn pattern and required a relight though. I would probably buy again ."
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,5 out of 5,Great golf cigar,I bought this pack as a joe deal and it was a great purchase. I prefer connecticut’s when I golf and this is a really good full connecticut. Highly recommend trying this stick out!
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,2 out of 5,This one wasn't for me....,"Tried it because I LOVE Black Market Vandal. Not really a Connecticut kinda guy, but I do like some. This one wasn't for me. My friend who really likes CTs liked it, but she thought the beginning was a lil rough & bitter."
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,4 out of 5,One of my favorites,"Pretty new to the cigar hobby and bought a box for our gender reveal. This is my first Alec Bradley product and I was really happy with it. Great flavor, good stick, amazing price when on discount. Would buy again."
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,5 out of 5,It’s a girl.,Nice cigar for the price.
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,4 out of 5,its a boy,Good quality. The box is worth the price as a keepsake.
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,5 out of 5,Perfect for the occasion,I bought these to give out for my sons birth. I have had Alec Bradley cigars before so I figured they would be decent cigars. I was pleasantly surprised when I got them in the humidor for a week and decided to try one. They are good cigars not super strong but a good mellow smoke. I think it is perfect for people who dont have cigars regularly and I enjoyed it myself so I am very happy with this purchase. The box is a perfect keepsake as well.
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,4 out of 5,Great It's a boy/girl option,"Finally found some real sticks to celebrate a new child. Most cigars like this are terrible knockoffs, this actually smoked well. I know this is rated as a light bodied cigar, but it is exceptionally light - most likely to broaden it's appeal. Could have used a bit more substance. Ordering and delivery from CigInt was, as usual, flawless and quick with everything arriving in great condition."
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,4 out of 5,Nice box.,Nice box.
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,5 out of 5,Cigars - It’s a Girl & It’s a Boy,"Perfect as keepsake for each of the grand children. I save 4 cigars each in my humidor (still have the ones preserved from our 14 year old) and fill the boxes with milestone items for my grand children as a surprize when they reach age 10 and then we look through the memories together. A tradition I started 40 years ago for our children who treasurevthem to this day. This product is the Best Presentation I found online anywhere, Great service. Thank you Cigars International."
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,5 out of 5,The cigars were very good,The cigars were very good and the box will remain a keepsake.
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,4 out of 5,Its a Girl,Grandpa Joe says nice cigar.
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,5 out of 5,Good excuse to stay away from a baby shower,"Nice little cigar, I even like the box with a picture holder on top. They are inexpensive enough that i dont mind giving most of them away to announce my newborn."
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,4 out of 5,Its A Boy,Great Cigar good price!
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,5 out of 5,Great cigar.,Great cigar.
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,5 out of 5,Great!!,I handed these out when my fighter was born. They make for great gifts and they’re actually decent medium bodied cigars.
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,5 out of 5,Great starter cigar,I purchased for my son in law to hand out. It is a good starter cigar for those who don't usually smoke. I'd put a five pack in my humidor to smoke at different times. Alec Bradley...you can't go wrong.
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,5 out of 5,GREAT BUY,THIS IS A GRAET CIGAR WITH A NICE BOX TO HOUSE A PIC IN.
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,4 out of 5,"Better then most "" it's","Better then most "" it's a girl/boy "" cigar"
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,5 out of 5,Right on time,Delivered the product perfectly. I bought them as a gift for my nephew for his first child. I do not know how they tasted or smoked. But it was cool to do it for him.
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,4 out of 5,Excellent,Love the selection and fast delivery
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,5 out of 5,Niiiiceee,Enjoyed them
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,5 out of 5,It's a boy X2,Great cigar for Grandpa to pass out to his cigar smoking friends. Cigars were fresh and Excellent choice.
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,5 out of 5,Excellent!!,"Bought these for my son's birth. Awesome box with picture frame attached and place inside to write baby's stats. Great smokes, good for handing out to amateurs and enjoyable for professionals too!"
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,5 out of 5,Awesome,Buy it
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,4 out of 5,It's a Boy! Angelo,I bought 2 boxes of these cigars. One for myself and the other for my son. My first choice was a cheaper cigar but was out of stock. I ended up choosing the Alec Bradley in no small part because of the box which had a spot for my grandsons photo and stats. I suspect that 85 percent of the people I gave them to are not cigar smokers. I did get a connect yesterday from a cigar smoker who went out of her way to let me know she enjoyed it. I'm typically a Ghurka smoker and haven't had a chance to sit and enjoy one of the Alec Bradley yet. In my opinion It's A ... cigars are usually for non cigar smokers who are not so adept. I would however order them again for my next grandchild simply because of the box.
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,5 out of 5,The best!,"I'm a huge Alec Bradley fan. When I saw these I couldn't pass it up. Cute frame and beautiful band. This is not your run-of-the-mill ""it's a baby"". I would recommend these, worth the extra dough to hand people something they actually want to smoke. Reminds me of ""black market""."
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,4 out of 5,Good gift,The It's a Boy cigars is a good gift. We haven't smoked them yet but the box is nice and the cigars smell good.
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,2 out of 5,It's A Boy Cigars!,Great box and setup for novice smokers. The cigars were nothing special. I expected a lot better from Alec Bradley. I gave these away to the casual smokers and non-cigar smokers I know and bought my friends at the cigar shop a box of Rocky Patel A-10's.
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,5 out of 5,What a great cigar for,What a great cigar for summer time.
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,5 out of 5,These were smooth and tasty,These were smooth and tasty this is going to be one of my summer favorite
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,3 out of 5,Alec Bradley,Really enjoyed the smooth taste and aromas that went along with this cigar. The only thing was the burn was a little uneven through out the cigar
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,5 out of 5,Sweet and Tasty,"This cigar starts with a sweet sensation, flows into a smooth and tasty til the finish."
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,4 out of 5,I was not impressed with,I was not impressed with the sweet tip. Otherwise a very good stick!
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,4 out of 5,Good smoke for the price,Good smoke for the price
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,4 out of 5,Good smoke,A definite chocolate tone. Good draw. Still like the Black Market as my favorite smoke.
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,4 out of 5,Great value,"Smooth, light, flavorful sticks....a great buy"
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask Toro,A satisfying smoke with a surprisingly sweet taste to the lips and mouth when you first light it up! You can’t rush smoking them. A great cigar to savor and enjoy!
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,2 out of 5,Alec Bradley Caribbean Csk Toro,Taste is too sweet.
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,4 out of 5,A Taste of Summer!,"Definitely a smooth smoke. The first third of the cigar or so, you can taste a subtle almost pineapple/coconut on your lips after exhaling. After you get towards the last third of the cigar, those flavors fade and it is not al that impressive anymore. I usually go for more bold flavor profiles when smoking, but overall definitely enjoyed the nice change this one brought about. It did make me think of summertime."
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,"I really like this cigar with a nice medium dry cab, light or no breeze, not in the direct hot sun ( my comfort). It has a nice ash, good draw, plenty of smoke and a nicely flavored tip. Definitely a favorite..."
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley Caribbean Cigars,"Excellent cigar , great taste and very mild"
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,5 out of 5,Pleasant surprise,Pleasantly surprised when I lit this up.
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,5 out of 5,I loved the sweet taste,I loved the sweet taste of the wrapper. It was like eating dessert.
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,4 out of 5,GREAT SUMMER CIAGR,PERFECT FOR A SUMMER SMOKE AND AT AN AWESOME PRICE!!!
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,5 out of 5,Caribbean Cask Toro,"Great taste burns solid
Valued priced"
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,5 out of 5,ab cask,thourthly enjoyable hour long smoke
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,5 out of 5,Mild and swwet,I like a mild cigar which this Is. The -peasant surprise was the sweetness. I will buy more in future.
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,5 out of 5,Great Light Smoke,Perfect stick to help you relax with your favorite rum and drift off to a Caribbean island. Highly recommend giving it a try.
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,5 out of 5,Smooth tasty smoke,"A nice mellow smoke with no bite. A little sweet, but not too much so. Burns evenly to the very end. A very enjoyable 45 minute smoke."
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,5 out of 5,Surprise of the Year,A nicely wrapped and uniquely flavored stick. Mild yet bold in flavor.
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,4 out of 5,Good inexpensive smoke with a,Good inexpensive smoke with a sweet tip.
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,5 out of 5,I did not know that,I did not know that they were sweet. I smoke while playing Golf and they worked out well.
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,3 out of 5,Wanted To Love Them.....,"Purchased 10 of these and I must say the first one was perfect. Perfect draw, burn, taste, aroma, held a nice ash, etc.... Thought I found a new favorite......but the 2nd, and several others were the total opposite. They started out fine as stated above but about a third of the way into the smoke they started to burn awkward, had to keep re-lighting them and the taste went to the harsh side. For me they are way to inconsistent, BUT a couple were vey delightful. Wished they all smoked like the first one because I would totally be on board with them. Maybe I just had a so so batch but my first impression of this smoke is just that.... so so. Don't get me wrong, they are a great smoke when you get a good one. I can deal with MAYBE one bad smoke in a pack of 10, but not as many as I came across in this 10 pack. Smoke on my fellow Brothers and Sisters."
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,5 out of 5,I was a bit surprised,"I was a bit surprised with the taste at first. It has the ""Cask"" taste which I found nice as the cigar smoked. It has a good burn and a very pleasant taste."
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,4 out of 5,Mellow smoke,Love the Connecticut wrapper. A very good mellow/medium smoke. Little pricey compared to other cigars that I like. Well constructed.
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,4 out of 5,a nice flavored cigar for,a nice flavored cigar for when you want a change
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,4 out of 5,Smooth from start to finsh,Smooth from start to finsh
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,3 out of 5,Ok summer smoke,"Tasty treat, not great but good for chillin by the fire pit"
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,4 out of 5,good,it was okay
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,5 out of 5,Liked the artwork!,"I rate it just a notch under Baccarat. I'd buy it on sale but not at $160+. Excellent smoke, consistent in all regards, , no flaky wrapper, easy draw, great flavor. Everything good but the price. I'll buy Baccarat."
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,5 out of 5,Very pleasant,"smooth,, nice flavor,,my wife likes them"
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,3 out of 5,Very sweet,"These are seen okay cigar at this price point, but they ate much sweeter than I expected them to be. Almost reminds me of those old time Swisher Sweets. They are great for those friends we'r all have that say they like cigars, but really mean they want the mildest smoke possible."
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,5 out of 5,Awesome cigars...and got 'em on,Awesome cigars...and got 'em on a great deal!
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,5 out of 5,Love the Label,Love the label. The smoke I would rate just a tad under a Baccarat with the price being steep for that comparison. Still an excellent cigar slightly sweet.
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,5 out of 5,A spectacular smoke and great,A spectacular smoke and great taste
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,5 out of 5,easy smoke great flavor,awesome easy smoke cigar great flavor
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,5 out of 5,Very good.,"Really good, some sweetness from the rum and really smooth flavor, I find it similiar to the Ghurka Abuelo Cigars."
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,4 out of 5,Interestingly different,Interesting. Not a daily but definitely a beach cigar.
Alec Bradley Connecticut,5 out of 5,Lil cigar great flavor,"Have bought these a couple of times and are really a great smoke. Even after a re=light there is no bite,as they say good to the last puff! Will be buying again but not until the promotion of 12 extra cigars goes away just weren't to my liking."
Alec Bradley Connecticut,5 out of 5,Nice and mild,Smooth and mild which I prefer
Alec Bradley Connecticut,5 out of 5,Nano,"Pack of 20 so far so good.Excellent draw,even if I don't finish one and come back to it later still has the same taste and draw.No bad taste in the mouth.Looks like I found a new smoke!"
Alec Bradley Connecticut,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,"The AC Connecticut provides a smooth, medium smoke with even burn..."
Alec Bradley Connecticut,3 out of 5,Fair. Heavier than expected from,Fair. Heavier than expected from a Connecticut wrapper.
Alec Bradley Connecticut,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley,Fantastic cigar.
Alec Bradley Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great cigars,Nice and smooth
Alec Bradley Connecticut,4 out of 5,smokinjoe,"Mild, even burniing cigar. Dad loves them!"
Alec Bradley Connecticut,5 out of 5,Excellent and enjoyable.,"Received in a CT sampler. I thoroughly enjoyed this blend. On the fuller side of a CT blend. Supremely enjoyable. Nice rich creamy smoke. Still a mild smoke, but not ""weak"". It's a full flavored mild... if that makes sense.
Construction was impeccable. Due to my style of smoking (Always on the move) I tend to be hard on sticks, and generally I wind up chewing too hard on the end to be able to finish the nub. The construction on this withstood me and I only put it down when I found my fingers burning, there was nothing left.
Flavor profiles are everything you'd expect in a CT, only more pronounced and refined. Cedar, spice, cream, nutty and a nice rich ever slightly sweet natural tobacco flavor.
I usually smoke CT's early in the day, this is bold enough to satisfy at anytime. Not to be confused with a power house - that this is not, but the flavors are ever present and forward.
Lastly - I generally find CT's get a bit harsh near the end - this did not. The flavor profile was consistent from start to finish. The only change I detected was the natural sweetness increased enjoyably towards the last 1/2 to 1/3.
As a pipe smoker as well, this reminded me throughout of a very nice VA flake. Consistent, subtle flavors with tobacco taking the lead remaining consistent in flavor, only gaining in sweetness and natural tobacco flavors."
Alec Bradley Connecticut,3 out of 5,Body,The cigars have good body
Alec Bradley Connecticut,5 out of 5,#1 CT wrapper!,Alec Bradley Connecticut Toro with a great CT wrapper making me proud to sit back here in CT and enjoy a nice mild to medium cigar!!
Alec Bradley Connecticut,5 out of 5,Awesome,Fresh cigars fast shipping great prices
Alec Bradley Connecticut,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley Connecticut Churchill a great cigar,"Was smooth from start to finish, never harsh, and burned evenly never had to do a re-light. Would definitely purchase again."
Alec Bradley Connecticut,2 out of 5,Freshness,Some of cigars rec'd lately have been stale
Alec Bradley Connecticut,4 out of 5,Great evening smoke.,"This is a mild smoke that breathes well and builds as you smoke it. I enjoy one in the evening, before the sun goes down."
Alec Bradley Connecticut Fumas,4 out of 5,Has a full taste and,Has a full taste and a good slow burn
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Good Burn and Draw,Good Burn and Draw
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Another AB standout,First time smoking Coyol and very pleased. Another AB winner.
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Coyol,I tried this cigar years ago. I knew after I lit it up it was going to be a great smoke!! I have had these cigars in my humidor ever since! One of my favorites of Alec Bradley’s great lineup of cigars!!
Alec Bradley Coyol,4 out of 5,Very good anytime smoke with,Very good anytime smoke with a friendly price
Alec Bradley Coyol,4 out of 5,Bold and flavorful but with a somewhat annoying after taste.,"One of my favorite cigars. Bold and ""meaty."" Very good flavor while smoking them. That said, the only reason I didn't give them 5 stars is the after taste will stay with you for days. Really need to wash out your mouth to get rid of it. However, it's worth having to deal with the strong after taste since they taste soooo good while smoking."
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Everybody makes mistakes ...,But CI makes things rights. Shipped me the wrong 5 pack and immediately made things right when I called. I’ve been a customer for more than 10 years. That is one reason why.
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Coyols are awesome,"CI had a great price on a 5 pack, quick shipping. And of course Coyols are awesome."
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,smooth mellow cigar,"These are one of my favorite cigars. I don't prefer harsh flavors, at most something spicy, however these have a great smooth and nutty flavor."
Alec Bradley Coyol,4 out of 5,good smoke,decent Robusto for the money
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Spicy,A good spicy taste from start to finish
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"Taste was excellent, great draw.
Cigar was moist not dry.
Alec Bradley makes top cigars at the right price"
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Top notch,My favorite cigar. Burns well with a great flavor.
Alec Bradley Coyol,4 out of 5,Alec Bradley Coyol,"Great smoke, smooth taste with a good draw"
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley Coyol Toro,Enjoyed a Robusto last year very good Cigar. ..have not tried the Toro yet
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar,Been waiting for a deal on these. Got a couple in my COMC package. Wasn't disappointed - burn is good - nice medium cigar with a pleasant flavor profile right down to the nub. Good job CI. Unfortunately now I'll have to wait until the sale on these babies. I am enjoying and savoring them while I can however.
Alec Bradley Coyol,2 out of 5,Needs some aging.,Needs some aging.
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"It has a nice draw, with a great amount of taste, very smooth! Highly recommend this one."
Alec Bradley Coyol,4 out of 5,A pleasant suprise,"I bought these because they were on Joes Daily Deal and I wanted to get free shipping on a bunch of other cigars I was buying, so I took a chance. I smoked one this weekend after they set for a few weeks. My first thought was ""Winner!!"". On first lighting it up I tasted that oily nutty flavor I associate with a quality Cameroon wrapper, which I love. As I got farther down it became a little peppery which I am not a fan of, but not so much that I didn't enjoy the cigar. Overall a pretty good smoke. Well constructed, good draw."
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Top Shelf!,"These cigars, had a smooth draw & burned evenly."
Alec Bradley Coyol,4 out of 5,Excellent,"Received this in a sampler after purchasing a box of Prensado. I'm a fan of anything made by AB, this is definatley a different animal, very unique. Will be purchasing a box."
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Solid smoke!,"Nice, medium, smooth stick. Consistent quality with everything I’ve smoked from Alec Bradley.
Great value for the price! Will always keep these in my humi :)"
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Alec Bradley Coyol,4 out of 5,Great cigar for the price.,Great cigar for the price.
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Hands down my favorite cigar,I wish these were a little more affordable. I would only buy these. Best cigar in my opinion. Its the perfect strength and taste for me. I hide them at the bottom of my humidor so no one asks me for one.
Alec Bradley Coyol,4 out of 5,AB Coyol - Robusto!,"I love this cigar! It originally came in a sampler that I bought, and it was hands-down the best of the bunch, so I bought some more. These smokes are spicy, with a nice earth base, with a hint of cocoa. They burn superbly, and the draw is proper. I would buy them again if they go on sale."
Alec Bradley Coyol,3 out of 5,Sub par,These are tasty treats. My only issue is that they dont burn evenly.
Alec Bradley Coyol,4 out of 5,Coyol Toro,"Great flavor, excellent pull and consistent burn. I highly recommend it."
Alec Bradley Coyol,4 out of 5,Really Good,"Awesome smoke nice touches of cedar and earthy smooth draw well made nice burn , AB are top notch never had a bad one ."
Alec Bradley Coyol,4 out of 5,Lovely Smoke,"Very lovely smoke, just not as flavorful as others. Certainly not a bad smoke."
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"Great taste, very smooth"
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Tasty & Well Balanced,"As with all other Alec Bradley cigars, Coyol is a superior smoke. It is complex, tasty, full bodied and very well balanced. I enjoyed this cigar very much."
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Recommend,Good smoke and consistent
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Awesome smoke!,Awesome smoke!
Alec Bradley Coyol,1 out of 5,Not so Good.,The cigars unraveled on the 2nd third. Happened on the first three I tried.
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Unique flavor profile throughout. A new favorite for the first top shelf list. Give me more Alec!
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Awesome sticks,Awesome sticks
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,GOOD FLAVOR,I LIKED THEM
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,great,Perfect
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,What an incredible opportunity to enjoy some of the finest cigars in the world. There is a difference in quality that can’t be explained only experienced.,I am not a connoisseur or one to describe subtle differences. Thanks to all the fine people at Alec Bradley for a enjoyable part of my day with a fine cigar.
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"I've been a cigar smoker for over 25 yrs.
I've smoked some of the best and some of the worst. My favorite these days are Alec Bradley's. The coyol robusto is just awesome. Great cigar. .."
Alec Bradley Coyol,4 out of 5,Great selection of cigars,Great selection of cigars
Alec Bradley Coyol,4 out of 5,Tried something new,My husband enjoyed it. He likes the cigars that burn longer.
Alec Bradley Coyol,3 out of 5,Too dry.,I usually love Alec Bradley cigars but these were especially dry with very little draw.
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Great deal!! Great cigar!!,Great deal!! Great cigar!!
Alec Bradley Coyol,4 out of 5,Alec Bradley Robusto,"Smoke is OK, but wrapper tends to become unraveled once the cigar is half finished. Needless to say that is not good."
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,One of the best cigars,"Great flavor, draw & burn"
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,"Great evening cigar... Smoking one now sitting by my fire pit, listening to Pandora. Beautiful evening!"
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley,Very good cigar with deep flavor
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,My new favorite!!,My new favorite!!
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley,"Nice cigars, smooth with great taste!"
Alec Bradley Magic Toast,5 out of 5,David Copperfield's smokes...? Tryem their,David Copperfield's smokes...? Tryem their dam good...
Alec Bradley Magic Toast,5 out of 5,This is money!,Very nice and smooth... not too harsh - long burn and overall exceptional
Alec Bradley Magic Toast,5 out of 5,GREAT CIGAR,"great taste, nice long smooth burn, will be buying in the future"
Alec Bradley Magic Toast,4 out of 5,TOAST,Perfect name can see why it got that name very good after big meal and with a pilsner or light ale. Next time I'd try a longer stick to get more burn time.
Alec Bradley Magic Toast,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley has done it again!,"I just received these dark skinned beauties and had to have one right out of the box. I must confess I tried one down in Myrtle Beach S.C. and just fell in love with the flavor. It has strong notes of leather and hint of spice, it was great all the way thru the burn. it wasn't a bit harse or overbearing. This is now one of my favorite cigars right up there in the top five. If you're a fan of Alec Bradley you'll love this cigar."
Alec Bradley Magic Toast,5 out of 5,Great smokes,Great smokes
Alec Bradley Magic Toast,5 out of 5,Strong peppery smoke!,Holy peppery tones. Full bodied strong smoke. Fantastic.
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,Best Cigar!!! Tried over 100,"Best Cigar!!! Tried over 100 cigars and when I found this one, will never need or want another. Alex Bradley makes a good smoke but this is their best yet. If you haven't tried it, do it. You will never go back to anything else!! Keep these coming!!!!"
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,Another Winner,"Me and my Best friend share our cigars. So when we bought these we never had one. He loved it and so did I. This cigar is a great slow burn and good to the last puff, but have the time to smoke it, this is 2 hour cigar. Great try one"
Alec Bradley MAXX,4 out of 5,Pleased,Second box of the MAXX. Highly recommend. Give them a try!
Alec Bradley MAXX,4 out of 5,Good cigar for the price!,Decent cigar for the price. You wont be disappointed on this budget cigar from Alec Bradley.
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,Getting The Fix.,"I have been smoking cigars for 17 years. I have gone crazy with it and tried everything the world has to offer 7 times over. The Fix is a stick that stands out as one that is very eventful/noteworthy, especially for the price. This cigar is an experience, it's full of changes and it excites the palate. I have tried other sizes in this line but they don't compare to The Fix in flavor... Completely different cigars. The Fix is a stick I'm always going back to. Sure, I have gotten a tight one here and there. But I don't love them any less for it."
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,Delicious!!!!!,"Evenly rolled, burns evenly, smooth and flavorful to the last draw. Nice and cool; no aftertaste."
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,a n alec bradley favorite,I ve tried many of alec Bradley cigars and maxx is one of my favorites.it s a good tasting slow burning cigar thatthat is good from start to finish.
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,Great cigars with fantastic pricing,"These Alec Bradley Maxx are great, high quality, long lasting well made cigars. I've been smoking these for years and always consistently high quality."
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,Delicious Cigars,"good quality, nice and delicious cigars. thanks."
Alec Bradley MAXX,3 out of 5,Where's the beef,"Have you ever gone to a steakhouse and drooled over a prime cut? The plate is set before you. Its beautiful. Presented well. You cut into it and it's the perfect temp. You're mouth has an urgency for satisfaction, so you dive in. Wait...somethings missing. Maybe you ate too quickly. You cut again. Same. And again the same. Before you know it you've eaten the entire steak and only a small portion of you feels satisfied. Where was the flavor? Seasonings? Fancy butter flavoring?
Yeah....that's AB Maxx. I love AB smokes but for all the flex and heft, I expected a little more party on the palate. For the gerth I'll stick with CAO 660."
Alec Bradley MAXX,4 out of 5,Good but tight draw,"As with most AB cigars, they are fine cigars although this one was a bit tight in the draw. I don't like to work hard to get the smoke. Some of that may have been form not sitting in the humidor long enough after getting them. The burn was good, it looked good, smelled good, just drew hard."
Alec Bradley MAXX,4 out of 5,Under the Radar,This cigar doesn't get much press in the Alec Bradley line but it is a great smoke. As well made as all their cigars with a nice smooth taste.
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,5 stars,Spectacular. One of my favorite cigars.
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Dependable full body cigar. Worth the money.
Alec Bradley MAXX,4 out of 5,Vaca55,"A good smoke
Not my #1
But a nice change from time to time
Good favor and even burn"
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,ALEC BRADLEY THE MAXX,"I'VE HAD MANY FAVORITE CIGAR'S . FOR ME, THE BEST IS THE MAXX. IS THE BEST. I CAN'T AFFORD IT ALL THE TIME. SO I TRY DIFFERENT ONE'S I'M GOING TO FL. WERE THEY HAVE SMOKING ROOM'S. SO I .CAN ENJOY THEM MORE OFTEN."
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,One of the best,Really good cigars for the money
Alec Bradley MAXX,4 out of 5,Maxx,I have smoked them for years and find them most enjoyable .
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,Nice Smoke,"The Maxx is a full bodied cigar, easy draw and the perfect size for being social."
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley Maxx,Big ring the way I like it nicely constructed cigar and smooth as silk
Alec Bradley MAXX,3 out of 5,Big but Tight,The right combination of tobacco but the draw was difficult. They need to be loosened up
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,Tasty,Great cigar!
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,Love it!!!,Love it!!!
Alec Bradley MAXX,4 out of 5,Good buy,This cigar was the ever lasting gobbstopper. Nice taste that went on forever. Burned even and cool.
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,Very Nice cigar,"Alec Bradley is one of my go to brands, always a good cigar, burns well. This one is another hit. I might call it a little bit lighter than the official designation, but that's just nit-picking. Very flavorful and would recommend to anyone."
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,Maxx Fixx,One of my favorites... Great everyday cigar.
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,Big bold flavor,Excellent aroma and lasting draw with big bold flavor. Cigar burns evenly and has tons of smoke. Lasts an entire football game.
Alec Bradley MAXX,3 out of 5,Exquisite,Smooth and relaxing with wine burns slow evenly
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,Good cigar for the money,Good cigar for the money
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,Great Cigar!,MAXX the Fix is an awesome cigar!
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,MAXX Review,Excellent “daily” smoke. Smooth and flavorful from start to finish.
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,Great cigar would buy again,Great cigar would buy again
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,Brilliant Smoke,"One word: “Brilliant”
Well made. Start to finish enjoyment. Nice oily wrapper. Easy on the pallet. Perfect mellow fragrance."
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,Love the Maxx,"Great cigar, love the smooth draw!!!!"
Alec Bradley MAXX,3 out of 5,Yard stick,Lots of stems and junk under the cap. But smokes ok for yard work.
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,Second Chances.,"I recently ordered an Alec Bradley sampler and in it was a MAXX - The Culture (6x54). Was kinda disappointed with this cigar, not much life to it, but after reading the reviews for it I figured I’d try again with a different size. I ordered The Fix(5x58) and wow what a difference, I couldn’t have been any happier, cigar had awesome flavor and draw, smoked well. I am so happy I tried again with this. Told a bunch of friends about it and ordered more."
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,good to the last puff,great smoke would compare it as an equal to other top notch cigar brands
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,Quick and delicious smoke,These are perfect of you don't have alot of time and u wanna enjoy a great cigar
Alec Bradley MAXX,3 out of 5,Nice cigar,Good tasting cigar. But most were hard to draw from. Which makes it discouraging to buy it again
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,Great burner,"Love these cigars, clean burn and great taste. Not harsh but plenty of flavor. Will buy them again and again...oh wait...I already do!"
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,I need a Fix !,"WOW ! My current fave maduro. I've had a Fix and need another now ! Is CI a pusher ? I hope so, cause these are the bomb.
Even the wife loves it. Not overly strong, but favors ? You bet .....yum ! Try it you'll like it."
Alec Bradley MAXX,4 out of 5,Promotional goodies,I personally would love to see more free promotions on some of the larger orders that get put in.
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,YOU GOTTA TRY THIS CIGAR!,"Thank you Cigars International -Again!!! I give this Cigar 5 Stars. One of the best I ever had. Slow pull BIG FLAVOR, I have been purchased Alec Bradley MAXX Superfreak originally for the man in my world who is a huge Cigar man- until I tried and now, I'm hooked!!! ..IMPRESSIVE Cigar. As a women who loves a good cigar I have passed on my findings of this cigar to many and it has become everyone's GO TO Cigar -A MUST HAVE IN MY HUMIDOR!!!!! Price is very reasonable, especially with the box of 20.
Kudos to Alec Bradley AGAIN."
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,Very well made,Excellent cigar.
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,It’s super freaky… de ne ne net….super freak super freak : ),that is one long enjoyable cigar from start to finish!!! Excellent!!
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,AB Maxx The Fix,"I really like them. Great taste with notes of leather, wood, and maybe some spice. The Fix size is great for me as I usually prefer larger ring gauge and this length."
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,Rilist63,"This is a stick one needs to make a date with. From its silky, dark oily, maduro, wrapper; through its solid packed construction; to its succulent complex rich medium body; A. Bradley's ""Maxx The Freak"" is a feast. Wonderfully balanced complex flavors develop and evolve in the velvety smoke providing an experience that keeps your attention. Whit ""The Freak"" that is a long glorious time."
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,One of maxx n am good 4theday,It's strong one is enough for the night I enjoy smoking this cigar I try just about all of brand and I enjoy smoking them
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,What great smokes.,Always top notch. Never a disappointment
Alec Bradley Medalist,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,Great breakfast cigar
Alec Bradley Medalist,5 out of 5,Nice little smoke,"Smooth, even smoking cigar...will probably purchase again."
Alec Bradley Medalist,5 out of 5,Mellow with tons of flavor,Mellow with tons of flavor
Alec Bradley Medalist,5 out of 5,Nice stick,Nice stick
Alec Bradley Medalist,5 out of 5,Delicious Cigars,"good quality, nice and delicious cigars. thanks."
Alec Bradley Medalist,4 out of 5,great every day cigar,"Smooth, flavorful without being overpowering or weak. Medium bodied."
Alec Bradley Medalist,5 out of 5,Medalist Gordo,"Great smooth, creamy flavor. Also holds it's flavor well throughout the entire smoke"
Alec Bradley Medalist,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley cigars are smooth,Alec Bradley cigars are smooth and enjoyable
Alec Bradley Medalist,5 out of 5,Excellent cigsr,Excellent cigsr
Alec Bradley Medalist,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Alec Bradley Medalist,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley,Great smooth smoke...already gone through a couple boxes!
Alec Bradley Medalist,4 out of 5,Alec bradley,Great smoke! Simply said!
Alec Bradley Medalist,5 out of 5,Awesome cigar,"Great cigar... flavor is excellent, burns perfectly!"
Alec Bradley Medalist,4 out of 5,4+,nice smoke!
Alec Bradley Medalist,5 out of 5,great cigar,great cigar
Alec Bradley Medalist,4 out of 5,"Nice cigar, good burn.","Nice cigar, good burn."
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,mundial,One of my favorites! Great quality & taste!
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,You won't be disappointed,"Do not miss out on this. Throw money at it, whatever you have to do but at least pick up a 5 pack. An amazing full flavor stick."
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,A Bradley,Entire line are great smokes...
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,Good smoke,NICE MED-FULL CIGAR WITH GOOD CONSTRUCTION. I HAVEN'T HAD A BAD ALEC BRADLEY CIGAR YET..
Alec Bradley Mundial,4 out of 5,"It is delicious and delightful,","It is delicious and delightful, maybe it's my humidor, at 68* but they split a little when I punch the top to start"
Alec Bradley Mundial,4 out of 5,Great smokes,Great smokes
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,Another typical Alec Bradley cigar. Excellent construction with long steady burn.
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,Great cigars for a great,Great cigars for a great price
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley,Yummy
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,C'mon It's an Alec Bradley,"This little cigar is packed with flavor, burns consistently evenly and packs a punch."
Alec Bradley Mundial,4 out of 5,I enjoyed this cigar. Flavor,I enjoyed this cigar. Flavor changed as it burned through. The only drawback is the initial draw on the stick due to the design but after you get through that quarter its wonderful
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,Mundail,Great short stick
Alec Bradley Mundial,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,One of my favorite cigars.,"One of my favorite cigars. Great flavor, even burn and long ash. I have ordered them three times so far."
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,Great smoke!
Alec Bradley Mundial,4 out of 5,Ordered Twice,"They’re good. Sometimes very good. I reordered this cigar because I liked it. Lit one the other day that just didn’t taste as good, hence 4 stars rather than 5. I expect the next one will be fine. Give them a try. Really"
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,Excellent cigars,Excellent cigars
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,AB Mundial,"I was pleasantly surprised by the complexity of the flavors and robust taste. The Mundial works equally well with a double espresso or a double single malt, and that oily wrapper makes a this stick particularly enjoyable."
Alec Bradley Mundial,3 out of 5,Decent,"Not a bad smoke. If they were on a HUGE sale, i might would buy again, but would not pay regular price for them."
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,Excellent cigar
Alec Bradley Mundial,3 out of 5,Customer,On the search for something with a little more zing. Not my ideal size but bought them on auction. Ordered again so I could mix them in and see how they go is a full alternative.
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,Delicious,Full-bodied cigar great flavor burn and construction is perfect one of my favorites will continue to keep a box in the humi
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,Mundial,A great smoke from a master blender. If yiu'be never tried these or other AB sticks you're in for a treat. I like these for the great draw and spicy flavor.
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,Leathery and creamy,"AB has many blends that I enjoy but these are in the top five. Leathery,creamy with a touch of spice in an old world style stick."
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,Rocky Patel sampler,This RP Mundial is without a doubt the finest smoke I have had in a long time. Flavorful from beginning to end. Can't think of a single knock against it. Just pure enjoyment.
Alec Bradley Mundial,3 out of 5,Excellent smoke,"great draw, flavor and burn, would recommend"
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,Great after dinner cigar,"Draws well, long ash, pairs well with a good single barrel bourbon"
Alec Bradley Mundial,2 out of 5,Rough,"These are a little harsh for my taste, my go to cigar is CAO Gold maduro torpedo so I am used to the stronger cigars, I just prefer smoother."
Alec Bradley Mundial,4 out of 5,Lucky guess,I took a guess that these would be good ...got lucky way better than I hoped for ...
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,Oh Yeah!,"Definitely one of the top Hondurans I have smoked. Very lovely pepper yet smooth combinations of flavor. Good draw, even burn, and thick smoke."
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,Very smooth good flavor,Very smooth good flavor
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,On My Top 5 List!,"This cigar is great! Definitely on my list of my top 5 favorite cigars. The Alec Bradley brand in general has impressed me. Great construction, Great taste, Great Draw. Overall Great stick!"
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,Alec bradley,Excellent cigars. I like the Tempus the best. Good cigar for a short smoke
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,Awesome value,Awesome value
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,Great Cigars!,Great Cigars!
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,Mundial,Great smoke awesome finish
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley,Enjoyed
Alec Bradley Mundial,3 out of 5,Not ABs best,Still a nice smoke. But they make better.
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Smooth smoke😎
Alec Bradley Mundial,2 out of 5,Too harsh on the throat.,Too harsh on the throat. Will noy purchase it again!
Alec Bradley Mundial,3 out of 5,A little too strong for,A little too strong for my taste.
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,alec bradley,fair deal
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley Mundial Comments,"As with all things Alec Bradley this is a very good cigar. It's well built, smooth and falls into the medium strength range. I'd buy it again."
Alec Bradley Mundial,3 out of 5,PL5,Mild taste
Alec Bradley Mundial,4 out of 5,Good smoke full bodied,Good smoke full bodied
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,smooth & Flavorful!,"They may be small, but they are long-lasting with a smooth, tasty draw. I recommend them to anyone who is budget conscious, but still wants quality!"
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,AB Mundial,"Very good smoke, easy draw and light taste, worth the money"
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,Good gar,"A little more intense than AB post embargo, yet still smooth to the end"
Alec Bradley Mundial,3 out of 5,Nice Little Cigar,I bought a 5 pack to try them out. Nice blend but I'm not a fan of the Perfecto shape. It was hard to light & draw. Once I got past the tip & into the meat of the cigar it burned & smoked ok. I had to relight it several times. A great cigar burns evenly & stays lit. This one just doesn't stack up for me.
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,The five star rating is,The five star rating is apropos! Mr. Bradley's creations are always a pleasure.
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,Worth All the High Ratings,"Sometimes you read rave reviews either in CI or in Cigar Aficionado and you can be a little suspicious/skeptical. This AB Nica Puro is legit. What a great smoke in all respects. Worth the price. Nice even, slow burn; great flavor that keeps changing throughout the smoke. Love this stick. Simply fantastic."
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,4 out of 5,Pleasant smoke. Worth your time and money,Pretty good smoke. Nice flavor and temperament. Hints of leather and spices. I only knocked a star because of the uneven burn.
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,4 out of 5,Good smoke worth tour,Pretty good stick. It smokes nice with a good draw and great flavor of leather and spices. I only knocked a star during to the uneven burn.
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley nico puro gordo,"One of THE BEST SMOKES IVE EVER SMOKED! Great taste, great burn , great construction, great everything! I've smoked cigars for 46yrs & this is just an awesome stick!! Thank you alec bradley & CI !"
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,3 out of 5,Good for a short 20,Good for a short 20 minute break.
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,Very nice as expected,Very nice as expected
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,Awesome Smoke!,Awesome smoke!
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,Very pleased,"Good value, great draw and great flavor!"
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,Suprisingly tasty,"A very flavorful and smooth smoke, it has my recommendation."
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,Excellent flavor,The Alec Bradley Nica Puro has excellent flavor and burns smooth and even. One of my favorite morning cigars.
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,My personal choice!!,Love the flavor
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,Good cigars,Good cigars
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,4 out of 5,AB Nicaraguan Puro,"A powerful and strong blend, very solidly constructed."
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,Awesome Cigars,Wow. Excellent taste and gray even burn. This are excellent cigars in every sense of the word!!
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,4 out of 5,Great Buy!,This smoke was even smooth at a great price.
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,4 out of 5,Nice Puro Robusto,Great cigar - terrific balanced Nicaraguan flavor and nice burn and ash. Boomed out smoke. Good value as well.
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,4 out of 5,Alec Bradley,"Decent flavor, smaller in length and ring size than I like but I thought they had a good draw and were good."
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,"Nica Puro. Yum, yum, yum!",These cigars start off just right for a med/full flavored stick. They get better and better as you smoke it down. There are all kinds of flavors hidden in this Puro and it's Nicaraguan long fillers and binder. The taste just keeps giving pleasure from start to finish. I love the last 1/3 and I tend to smoke them right to the nub. Try these Alex Bradley Nico's and you'll become a lover of 90 rated beauties like I have.
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,I love these..will order again
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,3 out of 5,Cigars where rolled to tight.,Cigars where rolled to tight. I want purchase again.
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,Very good,Very good
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,4 out of 5,One of my favorites,Solid mild-medium cigar. Great flavor. Enjoyable smoke.
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,Nica Perfecto,"One of my favorite smokes, smooth draw with even burn and plenty of taste"
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,4 out of 5,A.B. nico Pura Robusto,"Nice draw, medium bodied, smooth finish, not hot. Very good stick"
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,4 out of 5,Good smokes,Good smokes
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,4 out of 5,Awesome,I love this cigar. Bold smoke and great burn. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is I haven't received them yet. Free shipping takes over a week.
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,Good smoke,"Came up as an offer, as I already placed my order. Thought how could I go wrong? Very pleasing smoke."
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,Great deal!,These cigars are the best great draw great taste. For the price you can't go wrong. I will order again!
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,love doing business with you,love doing business with you
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,Mmm good!,"Nicaraguan puros seem to be my favorites. I love those silky habano wrappers and flavorful dark long fillers. The Nica Puro is a fine example. Its medium for sure, but not too far from full. Its got that nice, simple, creamy puro charm."
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,Great Cigar!,Thia is one of best cigars I've tasted! I will buy again!
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,A great cigar for the price,A stouter version of nice libre. Good flavor.even burn. Good cigar
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,2 out of 5,Meh,"Not imressive in the least, no clue why this is getting all the 5 stars"
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,4 out of 5,Time out a day,Creamy break from life. Totally enjoyed something new. Worth a reorder
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,Nico Puro Coyote,Very good stick
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,Excellent draw and flavor. Never,Excellent draw and flavor. Never disappoints
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,Very smooth. Easy draw. Will,Very smooth. Easy draw. Will buy again
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,2 out of 5,did Not enjoy,Not very good not impressed. would not reorder
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,4 out of 5,Nice even smoke slightl kick,Nice even smoke slightl kick will be a go to smoke for a while
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,A must have in your humidor !!!,"This is one of the best cigars I have ever tried. Good flavor, good burn, excel not and enjoyable smoke. I record this to everyone."
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,Enjoyable,Very satisfying cigar with good flavors and even burn
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,4 out of 5,"Good cigar,",Please bring back the samplers for 39 or 49 dollars. Love Alec Bradley cigars.
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"I'm on my second box of Nica Puro's, I can't stay away from them. More AB Nica Puros are in my future."
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,4 out of 5,Great draw smooth flavor,Great draw smooth flavor
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,I can only say this...,Yes Please... MORE MORE MORE!
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,4 out of 5,"Gr at smoke, good value","Robust, good flavored, well wrapped cigar."
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,smooth operator,"This was an extreamly pleasurable smoke, smooth yet full bodies with a cool and easy draw."
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,4 out of 5,Great Smoke,Very pleasurable indeed.
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,Very enjoyable full bodied smoke,Great cigar
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,4 out of 5,Cigar time,Love these. Well constructed and nice flavor.
Alec Bradley Nica Puro Rosado,4 out of 5,nice cigar,nice cigar
Alec Bradley Nica Puro Rosado,5 out of 5,M in McCordsville,Excellent mild to medium cigar. Especially if you like a little red.
Alec Bradley Nica Puro Rosado,5 out of 5,Excellent puro!,Great shape and look. Burns evenly and draws well especially close to the nub without getting bitter. A true Nicaraguan puro with all the flavors that goes along with it!
Alec Bradley Nica Puro Rosado,5 out of 5,"Great tasting, easy smoke.",I look forward to one of these at the end of a long day. Great tasting cigar. Never bitter or harsh. Easy to enjoy
Alec Bradley Nica Puro Rosado,4 out of 5,Good smoke,"I found this Cigar to be flavorful, and an average burn rate, I would buy them again."
Alec Bradley Nica Puro Rosado,4 out of 5,Good Quality,Consistent. Well made. Flavorful. Good value.
Alec Bradley Nica Puro Rosado,4 out of 5,"Good smoke, nice draw, solid roll",Al in all a good value and enjoyable smoke.
Alec Bradley Nica Puro Rosado,5 out of 5,Great Puro!,The cigar was great from start to finish. Very good construction. The flavor profile remains consistent throughout the smoke. I didn't put it down until the ash was burning my fingers. I definitely recommend for an every day smoke.
Alec Bradley Nica Puro Rosado,4 out of 5,Good cigar!,"Actually
The 6x60 is too big
Nice taste with the rosado."
Alec Bradley Nica Puro Rosado,5 out of 5,Pretty good cigars for the,Pretty good cigars for the price
Alec Bradley Nica Puro Rosado,4 out of 5,👍,👍
Alec Bradley Nica Puro Rosado,3 out of 5,"Not great like I expected, just average","disappointing , expected this to be 5 star but it was very average. had to relite a couple times, slightly harsh and burned slightly hot."
Alec Bradley Nica Puro Rosado,5 out of 5,Smooth evening smoke,Very nice in evening with vino
Alec Bradley Nica Puro Rosado,5 out of 5,You will be mine!,Have not tried yet but I am very excited to try this... Alec Bradley Nica Puro's have been my #1 go to smoke. Now add this beautiful Rosado... Amazing!
Alec Bradley Nica Puro Rosado,5 out of 5,"Nica Puro Robusto, my go to morning smoke","The AB Nica Puro Rosado Robusto has become one of my favorite cigars and the most frequent choice to accompany my morning coffee. It wasn’t the first AB cigar that I tried, but once I did became a constant presence in my humidor. I tend to like a medium bodied cigar for the first smoke of the day and this cigar is remarkably complex and satisfying without being overly strong, or bitter. It burns well, has been remarkably consistent in construction and taste and holds its own with even much more expensive cigars. I’ve tried several sizes, but seem to come back to the Robusto as my favorite."
Alec Bradley Nica Puro Rosado,4 out of 5,Need to wait for it,"The cigar is beautiful to look at, but the first third is not really interesting, dry, lifeless and weak. BUT, from that point it becomes medium-full with a nice flavor and balance of spice/wood/leather and a little burned nut flavor come thru. Needed a couple of touch-ups, but the wrapper was solid and the Gordo was perfect with a glass of whiskey. Gene C, Xiamen China"
Alec Bradley Nica Puro Rosado,5 out of 5,The Puro continues,WOW! A masterfully made salute to the art of the handmade Nicaraguan! Allen has done it again. Spices run free as you enter the 2nd third. Going to order the toro as I just don't want the robusto to end!!!
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,5 out of 5,"Wonderful, relaxing smoke! Would highly","Wonderful, relaxing smoke! Would highly recommend."
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke delicious flavors well worth a try highly recommend it
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,5 out of 5,Tasty and Smooth,CI has good bargains. I received the 6 cigar Alec Bradley sampler free with my order. The post embargo robusto is terrific. Every aspect is excellent. Roll ... draw ... burn ... flavor. It is full body but smooth and creamy. Delicious flavors. Cedar and coffee with dark chocolate and spice with a hint of pepper on the finish. Leaves a nice after taste. All the Alec Bradley I have tried are good. Pick up a sampler ... you won't be disappointed.
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,5 out of 5,Great cigars,Great cigars
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,5 out of 5,Solid.,These are solid smokes.
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,5 out of 5,Good cigar,Alec Bradley use one of my favorites and Post Embargo is one of my Favorites nice and smooth and burns well five stars for you
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,5 out of 5,Great,Flavor was excellent. Perfect draw as well. For the price they are a can’t misss
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,5 out of 5,Complex thru and thru,"One of the best from Alex Bradley. Full of flavor, start to finish."
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,5 out of 5,AB POST EMBARGO BELICOSO,REALLY SMOOTH SMOKE. NICE FLAVOR. GOOD BURN. I KEEP THESE IN MY HUMIDOR
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,4 out of 5,Review,I have not tried them yet. I’m sure that they will be worth waiting for. As some of the cigars I have bought in the past are a little dry out. So I am waiting before I try these
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,4 out of 5,NICE,NICE
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,5 out of 5,Amazing cigar,I bought these two weeks ago and they are amazing!
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,5 out of 5,Post Embargo...Yes!,"Settled in right away with nice notes, clean flavor and easy draw. Great construction and color. I usually enjoy more of the med-fulls but on this one I was trying to find an excuse to smoke 2 in a row. Saved the label from my first one months ago and right price came along and voila! I think you will not be disappointed if you try a 5 pack. This one is knocking to get into my top 10 and I am considering letting Alec in."
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,5 out of 5,Post embargo AB,"Nice smooth smoke, more full than medium, wanna go gordo next time."
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,5 out of 5,Post Embargo Heaven,"Nice flavors, clean and tasty."
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,4 out of 5,Solid Smoke,another winner from AB. This cigar will not disappoint.
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,5 out of 5,Post Embargo,I liked it... was mild... great with coffee in the morning
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,3 out of 5,Just alright...,Decent draw and burned well but very mellow. Definitely a medium body smoke. This one seemed to be a 'one note' experience. I prefer a smoke with more complexity.
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,3 out of 5,Not bad!,I typicaly like a darker stronger cigars but this was a surprise. Good but not amazing flavor. If you like light to medium body it's pretty good.
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,5 out of 5,Post Emabargo Best Cigar yet,It was by far the best cigar I have smoked this year! Even my friends who I shared with agreed it is a rich flavorful smooth smoke!
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,5 out of 5,Best cigars at the right price,Nowhere else can you taste the whole buffet for such a reasonable deal.
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,5 out of 5,One of the best smokes in a long time.,"My daily smoke, prior to finding the AB Post Embargo, has been the Herrera Esteli Pyramide. An excellent stick by all accounts. However, more and more my daily rotation has begun to include the AB PE - in other words, for those that are already familiar with the Herrera Esteli, it's that good. Walks a fine line between a gourmet dinner and dessert at a fine restaurant. This just seems to have it all, above all, complexity and loads of flavor. The texture is creamy, but not at the expense of something gratuitous, rather this is very finely knit. Excellent build, very good burn/draw, stunning flavors. I'm about to order my third box; I'll miss this, a lot, when it's all gone. Highly Recommended."
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,5 out of 5,Best on the market!!!!!!,Perfect to enjoy with a cool bourbon in hand:)
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,5 out of 5,Best dam stogie,I was introduced to this at CIGARfest 2016. And I've bought three boxes since. They're a great everyday smoke.
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,5 out of 5,Awesome,"This one is a winner,hit all my prerequisites"
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,5 out of 5,One of the Best Cigars I Have Ever Smoked,Well I normally smoke mold to medium cigars but this Amazing Stick has Open My Eyes. Trust Me on this It's Simply Freaking Awesome!
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,5 out of 5,Perfecto!,Saw a Video Review on this smoke and I just had to try it! I can't wait to smoke another one! Very nice spicy and smooth flavor!
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,5 out of 5,Consistent and smooth,Consistent and smooth
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,5 out of 5,Really good. Nice draw. Very,Really good. Nice draw. Very smooth
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,5 out of 5,New Favorite Lancero!,"This is a great Lancero! I love Themis cigar from start to finish. It has a great draw and the taste is spectacular. The cigar has some spice but is not overpowering. The burn is even all the way down to the end. Try this one out, you will not be disappointed."
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,4 out of 5,Unusually Delicious,"Very happy with my purchase...was watching a cigar review show on a local public access tv channel and one of the reviewers said this was his favorite cigar of 2015...I quickly checked CI's website and they had them at a reasonable price so I took a chance and bought a box. I'm by no means a connoisseur but I know what I like and what I like normally turns out to be highly rated... This cigar started out with a real punch; almost too much so, where I got concerned I just bought a box I couldn't smoke but, god, did that change quick... All I can say is that I'm at a loss of adjectives to describe the following taste but it was smooth and good. I'd give five stars if it was smoother from jump street. Just don't draw too hard those first few puffs and you should be in great shape"
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar. Introduced it to,"Excellent cigar. Introduced it to all my friends, they were overwhelmed."
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,How it smoked,Burn and draw were consistent. Ash stayed firm for a long way thru. They came to me fresh and I smoked it right from the package. These are my favorite AB cigars. Definitely will purchase more. They were a good deal.
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Fantastic smoke,Fantastic smoke
Alec Bradley Prensado,4 out of 5,Great bite with no bite back,This is a good hang out with your buddies knock back a few and torch one off kinda cigar. This one comes from a company that never really disappoints so there really are no surprises and something everyone wouldn’t mind smoking. The cigar actually has a really good bite so you can grip it with your teeth while dealing cards but it’s mild tempered so if you get a little retro-hale it won’t choke you out.
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Good cigars. Good burn.,Good cigars. Good burn.
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Smooth drawing good Taste. One of my favorite.
Alec Bradley Prensado,4 out of 5,AB Prensado,"Good solid, well constructed smoke. I'll be buying again."
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Great smoke always a go,Great smoke always a go too for me.
Alec Bradley Prensado,4 out of 5,Great Full Flavor,"Nice box of cigars for a special occasion.
My Father rated them as a 91 or 92."
Alec Bradley Prensado,4 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,What a great cigar!,"I am, traditionally, a light to medium cigar smoker. CI recently put these Robutos on sale and I wanted to try them. They were exceptional. The size and quality of this Prensado was just stunning. Normally, outside my paygrade, I found these cigars worth every penny."
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Recommended!,"AB makes some of my favorite sticks. This one is at the top of the list of AB's for me. I've never had a bad Prensado. Quality sticks, good draw, consistent burn. Very enjoyable smoke!"
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Prensado is awesome,This is one of my favorite smokes!
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,New favorite,A full body smoke without any unwanted bite. This is my new favorite. Rich smooth and delectable.
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"Great flavor, burn, and draw. I got a 5 pack of these in robusto size. I found myself wishing I had bought the gordos, so they would last longer."
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Fantastic cigars,Fantastic cigars
Alec Bradley Prensado,4 out of 5,4 stars,Great smoke but it is the only cigar in my humidor that I consistently get cracked wrappers on. Not sure if it’s supposed to be kept at a different humidity or maybe something like that.
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Awesome cigar,"I purchased these to give out as gifts, but after smoking one, I immediately changed my mind and kept them for myself. These are really well made and great tasting cigars."
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Great combo,I order these together and I am enjoying them both.
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,"Full flavor, great taste!","Full flavor, great taste!"
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Easy smoke,Easy smoke
Alec Bradley Prensado,4 out of 5,A little strong at first,"A little strong at first but milds out very
nicely and is a enjoyable smoke"
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Truly excellent cigar.,Truly excellent cigar.
Alec Bradley Prensado,3 out of 5,Worth a shot,"Smoked my first Prensado ...did it look nice prelight? Yes, burn good? Started to go off a tad but corrected itself, no problem there,the taste was pretty consistent if you like that,to the last third,which had a heavier than I like woody taste.All in all,was it a good cigar? Yes....are there better out there for the money?Yes."
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Great cigar,My favorite for the $$
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Consistent Beast,"Really solid and consistent stick. If you like the notes on this one, it might be a boxer for sure."
Alec Bradley Prensado,4 out of 5,Love the cigars,Love the cigars
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Outstanding,My favorite- taste- smell - burn🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥👍
Alec Bradley Prensado,4 out of 5,healthy,healthy
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth
Alec Bradley Prensado,4 out of 5,Top Fiver Here!!! SIZE MATTERS!!,"Presently smoking the 'Churchill' snd this is only my 3rd Prensado. In my opinion, with THIS cigar: SIZE DOES MATTER!!! The 1st one was a ROBUSTO, the 2nd a TORO and now im JUST starting this Churchill. THAT being said, only after smoking the TORO did I see/ believe/ taste what the hype was about; the TORO was AMAAAAAAZZZING!!
It was living up to all those GREAT reviews!
And, so far, this Churchill is holding its own.
Mt suggestion for this one (along with almost EVERY CIGAR is PATIENCE! Let em ready a month or so and toy will NOT be disappointed👍🙏🤞😉"
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Alan Rubin...The Genius!,"Been wanting to purchase a box of these for quite sometime. At the Alec Bradley event at Cigarfest, they had 40% off any box. Didn't pull the trigger and kicked myself for it. A week or so later, CI had 40% and I jumped on it for this box. Alan Rubin is a genius. As others have said, it starts out with a nice buttery smooth taste with a tad bit of spice and coffee and then has a woodsy taste. Absolutely loving this cigar. Easily my favorite Alec Bradley to date. I will let the other 19 sit in the humidor until a special occasion. Up next will be the Magic Toast and I'll get them for Fathers Day."
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley Presidento 6X60,This cigar is excellent it has a great deal going on for a heavy cigar it is so enjoyable to smoke. I found it started out leathery buttery smooth yet with hints of spice and coffee. It transitioned to wood and Earth yet still retaining the light leathery and coffee tastes so interesting and so enjoyable.
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley Presidento 6X60,This cigar is excellent it has a great deal going on for a heavy cigar it is so enjoyable to smoke. I found it started out leathery buttery smooth yet with hints of spice and coffee. It transitioned to wood and Earth yet still retaining the light leathery and coffee tastes so interesting and so enjoyable.
Alec Bradley Prensado,4 out of 5,Presnado,Great tasting cigar. Occasional burn run on side of cigar during the smoke.
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,"Sneak attack strength, fine complex smoke.","Rarely does any cigar knock me on my can, but This Alec Bradley Churchill did just That. OK, probly not a smart choice for a Breakfast stick. 30 minutes in, Im like man I'm feeling woosey. 5 minutes later, I'm eating a box of tick tacs. Still had a good half of the cigar left. Light spice and leather, thought only medium body, don't usually get big strength from medium. After the light headed rush, the deep leather and pepper come in it just blew me away with what a flavor bomb this was. A sneak attack, but one of the best cigars I have had. Also had coffee and cocoa notes on the finish."
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Outstanding,By far one of my favorite two or three non Cubans.
Alec Bradley Prensado,4 out of 5,They’re good.,"Great flavor, easy draw, and doesn’t burn hot. The only reason I give it 4 instead of 5 is because it doesn’t burn even and I have to touch it up quite a bit. This could change if I leave them in the humidor for a month or so. Overall I would recommend this cigar."
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,I like it,I really really like it! I may buy more but only if you do not bother me with any more of these review requests. Just sayin!
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Dressed to impress,"This is a 5 star rating due to the Prensado being a great cigar, absolutely affordable, and it's rated 96! The experts at C.I. know better than I; however, anyone who knows cigars will know you have good taste."
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,My favourite smoke.,I allways have these in my humidor. These are my all time favorite. Smooth and tasty from start to finish.
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Settled in well,Good cigar. It was a little dry when shipped but after a few weeks in the humidor they were very good.
Alec Bradley Prensado,4 out of 5,Oneof my best.,Very smooth smoke.
Alec Bradley Prensado,3 out of 5,A bit harsh for my taste,"Alec Bradley is my go to smoke. However, this one is stronger than others I've had,such as the American Classic. I intend on sticking with AB just not this one."
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Always a favorite,Always a favorite
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,alec bradley prensado robusto,one of my favorite cigars a great everyday smoke.This cigar has a nice smooth draw and a rich flavor that burns evenly from start to finish a must have for every humidor.
Alec Bradley Prensado,3 out of 5,My cigar,These are one of my top 5 go to cigars.
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Prensado,"Awesome stick, if only the cigar gods could bring the prices down full time."
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Reliably good smoke!,"Love the consistency of AB's Prensado, and if I only have an hour to burn a robusto is the perfect smoke."
Alec Bradley Prensado Fumas,5 out of 5,"Pretty good smoke, Great price","Better than I expected for a Cuban sandwich. I love the Prensado, and I really like this Fumas. Get a slightly weaker taste of Prensado for just a couple bucks a stick. Perfect for the golf course, boat, or everyday smoke. I will buy more."
Alec Bradley Prensado Fumas,4 out of 5,"Nice cigars: good flavor, slow","Nice cigars: good flavor, slow burn, well made. For an inexpensive cigar, these are great."
Alec Bradley Prensado Fumas,5 out of 5,Alec Greatly,"Very flavorful, but than It's from Alec Bradley"
Alec Bradley Prensado Fumas,3 out of 5,Very bad burn,"These Alec Bradley cigars do not taste the same as the true Alec Bradley, taste is pretty good, construction is not great and the burn is the worst I have ever had."
Alec Bradley Prensado Fumas,5 out of 5,Best deal I've got in a while.,This might be the best deal on the site. Tasty Prensados for 2 bucks a pop??? Yes please. The full Prensado flavor is there. So is the great slow burn. And the ones I've smoked haven't had any blemish that bothered me. Will buy again for sure
Alec Bradley Prensado Fumas,4 out of 5,Worth every penny,For the money yes it's a great stick. I have had many lose the cap. Most are great. I have had several packs of these. This is a daily stick for me.
Alec Bradley Prensado Fumas,5 out of 5,Do it good price,Glad I got these. Great smokes. Minor blemishes. Burns well and tastes as good as perfect ones.
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Fantastic cigar,"One of the best, if not the best cigar Alec Bradley produces. You will not be disappointed in this cigar."
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,They're excellent,They're excellent
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,4 out of 5,Smoked well,The draw is smooth and it’s burns well. This cigar has a strong tobacco taste that’s ok.
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Cant beat a Prensado,"One of my favorite cigars, i alway jeep a few in my box"
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Love them
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,New favorite,"I normally choose a mild-moderate stick, but this one is full of flavor and not over powering. Definately in my top three, possibly top two."
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,4 out of 5,There fine,There fine
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,4 out of 5,No monkey business,"It doesn’t waste any time doing it’s job in satisfying my cigar craving. Subtle but yet stern on the flavor, no heavy smoke smell. The only Alec Bradley stick I buy."
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Another AB hit,"Excellent burn, tasty body, fulfilling character. Always a treat at CI deals!"
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,"Got this with sampler I made and I loved it!
I’ve not had many cigars from him but this has not been a bad smoke at al! ROLL TIDE!
YEE YEE"
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,This is an excellent cigar but out of all of the AB cigars I rate this sightly behind the Mundial which I think is their best.
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Lost Art Found,"The art is definitely not lost on this cigar. One of the best - great aroma, taste, burn - the whole package. I definitely recommend."
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,4 out of 5,Nice Smoke,I thought it was a good cigar.
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,4 out of 5,Disappointed,"I was a little disappointed, but compared to the actual Prensado, it wasn’t fair. Still a solid stick."
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,AB lost art double T,"Very good, best I have found."
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,4 out of 5,Love the cigar BUT.......my last,"Love the cigar BUT.......my last few orders have come in a very dry condition. As in you can not smoke them for a few weeks because the tobacco is crunchy.
Thank you
BILL"
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Smoked and tasted perfectly. All in box were perfect quality.
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,4 out of 5,Alec Bradley Lost Art,Good flavor. Med Strong. I keep reordering
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Perfection,The title says it all
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Lost Art,Great cigar! Love them!
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,4 out of 5,Lost Art,"Similar to the standard Prensado but a little more complex. Full flavored with a hint of wood, leather and earth; somewhat disappointed with the uneven burn."
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Art lost flavour found,Excellent cigar. Strong flavour easy draw. Burned consistent
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley,Great Love this
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,"I have not found an Alec Bradley I did not like, some a bit more than others. This one is in the really like catagory. Very good cigar start to finish."
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Great cigar,I am a fan of the original presnado. This is a very worthy successor.
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Lost Art,Great cigar completely satisfied start to finish!
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,4 out of 5,It’s good,A very good stick
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke. It lives up to the prior Prensado
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,GOOD Cigar,I love to buy Alac Bradley Cigars. I have not had a bad one yet. Not sure what the rating is yet but it should be in the high 80's to low 90's
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,They were very goood worth,They were very goood worth the money
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Good flavor and constructed well
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Prensado Lost Art,"What ever they did to improve the Prensado, to make Lost Art. Keep up the fantastic work!! Best cigar I have had in a while! I am a devout follower of Alec Bradley. Love all their cigars."
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Prensado,My go to cigar! Never disappoints!
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,ALEC Bradley lost art,Amazing!
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,3 out of 5,Good cigar if you like box pressed.,"I bought a five pack of these because I'm a big fan of Alec Bradley cigars in general but I absolutely hate box pressed sticks and the Prensado is not listed as a pressed cigar so I thought I'd try it due to all the great ratings.
I've just never understood putting a square peg in a round hole.
Anyway maybe that's just me. Just beware if you don't like pressed cigars."
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,WOW,"Great cigar, great taste,burns well. I will definitely be buying more of these"
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Great Smoke's,"Rocky Petal decade - robusto, Man of War - Ruination, Alec Bradley - Rensado lost art toro, La Perla Habana - Black Pearl Morado Belicoso. All fantastic smokes, smooth, just enough bite, I'll be back."
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,great cigar,great cigar
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,2 out of 5,not what I expected from a 95 rating,"If I'm not mistaken, these were touted as earning a 95 rating...they didn't live up to it. Box pressed and fairly well made, the flavor just didn't do anything for me...just a bunch of hot smoke."
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Very good I shared with,Very good I shared with friend though very good also
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Liked them very much,Liked them very much
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Can't go wrong with a Lost Art,"Nice full flavored cigar. Excellent construction, excellent burn, very good smoke output, nice draw. Will always have a few on standby in the humidor!"
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,4 out of 5,Good smke,"Well made, good smoke but not my favorite...."
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,4 out of 5,I like this smoke better,I like this smoke better then the original
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Not disappointed! Amazing smoke!,"I had ordered a series of five packs thinking I was getting the Alec Bradley Prensado, one of my favorite smokes. To my surprise the Prensado Lost Art arrived instead. Hadn’t heard of it, knew nothing about it, but was I glad for my mistake. Fantastic smoke, this box-press cigar is amazing past the band. You will not want to put it down. Give it a go, you will not be disappointed."
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,4 out of 5,Tried 1st time...,"1st time purchase,pleasant surprise ... Full body, full of flavor,well constructed.Worth a light!"
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Frictionless,Frictionless
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Nice selection,Nice selection
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,CIGAR ORDER NEVER LETS ME DOWN,I waited later than normal to order cigars but to no surprise they arrived quicker than expected and ready to smoke. My cigars were humidified and didn't need to spend in my humidor prior to smoking.
Alec Bradley Project 40,5 out of 5,This at one time was a great secret,"Now the secret is out. These smokes are perfect Great tasting, great burn, great draw. Another fine Alec Bradley cigar!!"
Alec Bradley Project 40,5 out of 5,Evening Cigar,"even burn, good daily smoke"
Alec Bradley Project 40,5 out of 5,excellent,Split the Joe's DD amongst my 3 smoker buying club. EVERYONE loved them! Now waiting on 2 $60 boxes of Churchill's from another site! Thanks CI for another great Joe's cigar. WINNING!
Alec Bradley Project 40,5 out of 5,AB Project 40,"Excellent, good-to-great value."
Alec Bradley Project 40,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Alec Bradley Project 40,5 out of 5,Surprisingly smooth and balanced,Surprisingly smooth and balanced
Alec Bradley Project 40,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Medium body cigar with a nice even burn. Good after dinner smoke.
Alec Bradley Project 40,5 out of 5,Great everyday smoke,This is a great cigar for the price. One of my favorite everyday smoked.
Alec Bradley Project 40,5 out of 5,Love the cigars. Actually a,"Love the cigars. Actually a friend of my had given me one to smoke and I really liked it , so I ordered a box .👍"
Alec Bradley Project 40,4 out of 5,Very smooth,Very smooth
Alec Bradley Project 40,5 out of 5,Project 40,Nice smooth smoke. Just the right size!
Alec Bradley Project 40,5 out of 5,Very good cigar,"Was a very tasty cigar. Not too heavy, not light. Very satisfying down to the nub."
Alec Bradley Project 40,4 out of 5,"Phenomenal, but...","I ordered a box of these boys and a few sticks had horrible draws, but the ones that I could get a good smoke from were phenomenal! I’ll definitely be purchasing more in the future."
Alec Bradley Project 40,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"Enjoyed from beginning to end. No real intense flavor development through out but, very nice medium nutty flavor with some creamy notes. Burns straight and construction is top notch. Smoked 5 from the box so far. Definitely on the buy list"
Alec Bradley Project 40,5 out of 5,Heavenly Smoke,"I loooved this stick from the 1st few puffs. Sure it requires some deep drags but it's a 60"" after all! Delicious & highly satisfying. Another gem from Mr. Bradley. A+"
Alec Bradley Project 40,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Great stick at a great price.
Alec Bradley Project 40,4 out of 5,Project 40,"1/19
Remember reviews are subjective, everybody's pallets are different. I got a grass and sweet tobacco flavor with a slightly bitter coffee dryness in the mouth. Amazing construction burned well with good ash. The draw sucks really tight near head. I picked up some mouth spice and more earthy taste further in. Flavors stayed consitant through entire smoke. Good stick except for draw."
Alec Bradley Project 40,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,Excellent smoke
Alec Bradley Project 40,3 out of 5,Hard to draw from,"Tried one tonight. It is so tight I can not get a draw. I've tried a draw pull, cutting under the cap and nothing."
Alec Bradley Project 40,4 out of 5,Another winner from Alec Bradley,I thought I'd try a new blend; the Project 40 in toro. It was a good medium stick. The smoke was plentiful and the burn was good. The flavor was good. Another good Alec Bradley blend.
Alec Bradley Project 40,3 out of 5,Nice everyday smoke,"Nice middle of the road stick. Perfect draw, good construction, but had some veining.
Bright white ash and perfect burn. I’m not good at flavor descriptions, suffice to say I agree with the CI description.
Nothing fantastic here, but a nice everyday smoke. Recommended."
Alec Bradley Sanctum,5 out of 5,Hard To Find,Tried it once from a local cigar shop. Excellent cigar! Discontinued at the store but available at CI.
Alec Bradley Sanctum,5 out of 5,Great cigar,My go to cigar. Absolutely delicious!
Alec Bradley Sanctum,5 out of 5,Great!,No complaints. Another winner by AB.
Alec Bradley Sanctum,4 out of 5,AB,Nice evening 'gar.
Alec Bradley Sanctum,3 out of 5,okay stick,"Not a bad cigar. Sometimes a little tight, but a good cigar for the price. I get a lot of cedar in the flavor, and fairly straight forward. #CIMonteGiveaway"
Alec Bradley Sanctum,5 out of 5,Good smoke.,"This is another fine cigar from A.J. Fernandez. It tastes good, and is smooth."
Alec Bradley Sanctum,5 out of 5,Good,Good
Alec Bradley Sanctum,5 out of 5,Nice Cigar,"Another great cigar, easy draw, even burn, and nice aroma"
Alec Bradley Sanctum,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley,Nice corojo cigar. In the humidor for some age. Looking forward to smoking in the spring
Alec Bradley Sanctum,5 out of 5,Excellent Smoke!,Will recommend every time! Really enjoyed this one.
Alec Bradley Sanctum,4 out of 5,"Good, not great.","Not quite as flavorful as other AB's. However, that's saying alot...still gets 4 stars."
Alec Bradley Sanctum,5 out of 5,I like this cigar,"I bought a AB sampler with one Sanctum in it, and decided that I wanted to try more of them. I like the complexity that kicks in at the end of the first third and might buy more. Medium body, good smoke production, and excellent construction. Good smoke."
Alec Bradley Sanctum,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"I really like this cigar. My friend gave me one to try, and after I smoked it, I put in
an order. Great Cigar !!!"
Alec Bradley Sanctum,4 out of 5,verry good cigar,very good cigar. They have a bit of a pepper taste to them that I like very much. I was very happy with the ten pack deal!!!
Alec Bradley Sanctum,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,"Very nice draw,, burns even, taste good. Overall very good cigar."
Alec Bradley Sanctum,5 out of 5,One of my new favorites,Great cigar! Burns nice and not too strong! I loved it and look forward to my next one!
Alec Bradley Sanctum,5 out of 5,WANT SOME GET SOME!,"Good smoke with a robust flavor, hints of leather coffee and a tad of pepper. Will be buying a box."
Alec Bradley Sanctum,5 out of 5,Great smokes!,These are some of my new favorite cigars
Alec Bradley Sanctum,4 out of 5,Unexpected great experience!!!!,"Enjoying cigars for over 20 years! This cigars has without a doubt top 5 best draw ever , lots of white peppery smoke. Very satisfied."
Alec Bradley Sanctum,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley Sanctum Robusto,Very good cigar
Alec Bradley Sanctum,5 out of 5,Great smoke.,Great smoke.
Alec Bradley Sanctum,3 out of 5,Not My Fave,"Just smoked my 3rd stick. I had been wanting to try this one due to its high rating. Good, even burn; just the right amount of smoke, great on the draw but there are a hundred cigars out there that can do that. The first 3rd was not impressive. I'm normally a full-body smoker but this one was harsh. Not complex in taste. Mediocre at best. 2nd, 3rd the cigar got better but didn't really ring the bell for me. Final third lost ground again. I got a good buy on a 10-pack and I'll smoke the rest of them. But, as far as buying them again, I won't."
Alec Bradley Sanctum,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,"My ability to taste subtle flavors in cigars, coffee, etc., is limited. However, this cigar has overcome this limitation. Great flavor throughout!!"
Alec Bradley Sanctum,5 out of 5,Good deal,Good deal
Alec Bradley Sanctum,4 out of 5,Great smoke!,"This cigar certainly did not disappoint as it was smooth from the first few puffs. Bit milder than expected but robust in flavor, burns cool and taste very even throughout."
Alec Bradley Sanctum,4 out of 5,Good,Good smoke but a little strong for my taste
Alec Bradley Sanctum,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Alec Bradley Sanctum,4 out of 5,Great quick little cigar.,Great quick little cigar.
Alec Bradley Sanctum,4 out of 5,Relaxing,Relaxing smoke
Alec Bradley Sanctum,5 out of 5,Quality sticks from AB,They have a more mellow profile than many others from AB and of course there are times when that is exactly what is needed. Great construction and burn and overall quality you would expect from this brand.
Alec Bradley Sanctum,5 out of 5,I... LOVE... THIS... CIGAR!!!,"This delicious stick is probably my fav robusto smoke! It does no wrong in my book! Great flavor... well-built... great ash... perfect size for an fun outdoor activity, or, just chillin' at the local shop... great smoke!"
Alec Bradley Sanctum,5 out of 5,Unexpected pleasure,On my last order these were in the daily Joe section so I figured why not try them. What an unexpected surprise they are. Hopefully I can let the rest take a little longer rest in my humi and get an even more pleasing smoke. They burn even and have a strong white ash the first few draws were slightly harsh but that faded quickly and the stick maintained a great and balanced flavor the rest of the way. I will order more soon. Thanks again CI for a great quality smoke.
Alec Bradley Sanctum,3 out of 5,Alec Bradley sanctum,"Quick shipping as usual, never had a bad experience with CI, great place to shop."
Alec Bradley Sanctum,4 out of 5,A new favorite,Exceptional smoke. Highly recommend. Even draw and smooth all the way thru.
Alec Bradley Sanctum,5 out of 5,Personal Fav... delivered quick and they're well-made!,"The first ""full"" stick I ever really liked was a Sanctum Toro... But, since I have ""shallow pockets"", I don't order them all that often. I will say that it's a well-made stick. I wish that CI had a deal for more than 5, though. I would surely jump on that bandwagon."
Alec Bradley Sanctum,4 out of 5,VERY NICE,"Very good cigar, smooth and quite tasty."
Alec Bradley Sanctum,4 out of 5,"A nice, refined smoke","I thought this was a milder cigar than the medium-full rating. It may be that the tastes are more subtle. That is not to say it is boring. It is well balanced, has a nice aroma, and produces a good amount of smoke. I plan on getting more of these. I liked it a lot more than the Prensado."
Alec Bradley Select Corojo,5 out of 5,"Stellar medium smoke, with grassy","Stellar medium smoke, with grassy notes and leather. Great draw and even burn."
Alec Bradley Select Corojo,4 out of 5,Smooth and tasty,"Good burn, great flavor. Always a good brand"
Alec Bradley Select Corojo,5 out of 5,Review,Happy with the quality and taste
Alec Bradley Select Corojo,4 out of 5,good smoke for the price,good smoke for the price
Alec Bradley Select Corojo,4 out of 5,Good everyday smoke,This budget Alec Bradley is a great go to for your everyday smoke. Good flavor for a medium bodied smoke.
Alec Bradley Select Corojo,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Great quality cigar at a good price.
Alec Bradley Select Corojo,4 out of 5,Very good taste. Wrapped well.,Very good taste. Wrapped well. I would definitely order again
Alec Bradley Select Corojo,5 out of 5,lecBradley Corojo,"Good construction, great flavor."
Alec Bradley Select Corojo,5 out of 5,nice cigar,nice cigar
Alec Bradley Select Corojo,3 out of 5,They were ok,They were ok
Alec Bradley Select Corojo,4 out of 5,Perfect time,I was looking for a medium to full smoke that lasts about 45-1h. This one fits this bill. Spicy at the end and good value.
Alec Bradley Select Corojo,4 out of 5,Great price okay smoke,"At the price point these cigars are, they provide a good everyday smoker. Nothing special, but certainly good."
Alec Bradley Select Corojo,5 out of 5,Nice budget friendly smoke,Nice budget friendly smoke
Alec Bradley Select Corojo,4 out of 5,ac,good cigar
Alec Bradley Select Corojo,4 out of 5,"Good cigar, burns well","Good cigar, burns well"
Alec Bradley Select Corojo,3 out of 5,A great smoke for a cheap price.,Smooth with hins of sandal wood
Alec Bradley Select Corojo,4 out of 5,AB Select Toro Corojo Bundle,"Excellent long filler cigars. Well constructed, burns well. Very smooth, medium bodied, but great tasting. Love Corojo wrapper, slight box press. Should be on discount sale more often!!"
Alec Bradley Select Corojo,4 out of 5,Very good smoke,Very good smoke
Alec Bradley Select Corojo,5 out of 5,Great sticks at a great price,Very happy with this purchase.
Alec Bradley Select Corojo,4 out of 5,But bad for the price,But bad for the price
Alec Bradley Select Corojo,5 out of 5,Great stick,This is an awesome cigar for that everyday smoke. The price allows you to share them with your buddies. Will definitely buy again.
Alec Bradley Select Corojo,4 out of 5,50/50,"These are a good teasting smoke but one problem 1/2 of them are quiet hard to draw and the other 1/2 are fine and draw properly.
A draw poker doesn't work very well either"
Alec Bradley Select Corojo,4 out of 5,Another Alec Bradley Treat,"Thoroughly enjoyable flavor and aroma. Construction was less than perfect, though. Good, even burn, but a bit tight on the draw until cured with a 1.5mm knitting needle I use to open up a tight cigar when it's needed."
Alec Bradley Superstition,4 out of 5,Nice smoke,Nice smoke
Alec Bradley Superstition,4 out of 5,Better than average - new to me,I hadn’t smoked many Alec Bradley cigars if any in the past. This was well made with nice spice and it burned well. Just a bit oily for my taste.
Alec Bradley Superstition,4 out of 5,Medium body that seems to,Medium body that seems to be a good every day cigars. I’ll buy more in the future.
Alec Bradley Superstition,5 out of 5,Super-yummy,Well made. Good draw. Nice burn. Lots of chewy smoke. You'll know your just had a fine cigar even if you're not superstitious.
Alec Bradley Superstition,5 out of 5,Akec Bradley Superstition,One of my husband's favorite cigars.
Alec Bradley Superstition,4 out of 5,Superstition no 13,Very good cigar with nice price.Great for a quick smoke.
Alec Bradley Superstition,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar,"For me, this particular cigar offers good multi-dimensional flavor and excellent draw without sacrificing construction quality."
Alec Bradley Superstition,5 out of 5,AB Superstition,"Very enjoyable cigar, Got the blend just right for me"
Alec Bradley Superstition,4 out of 5,Not too shabby,4 stars for the price. Out of the 5 pack 1 burned a little wonky and needed some touch ups start to finish BUT it didn’t really affect the taste. I’d buy again if on sale.
Alec Bradley Superstition,4 out of 5,Another Alec Bradley Great Cigar.,Great construction as always. Nice even burn. A Winner!
Alec Bradley Superstition,4 out of 5,Can't go wrong with AB,Can't go wrong with AB
Alec Bradley Superstition,4 out of 5,Good cigar,"Alec Bradley released this one just around the time of the Toast and I think it got lost in translation but it is a nice cigar with a good, long burn and good taste."
Alec Bradley Superstition,4 out of 5,AB Torpedo,Good stick
Alec Bradley Superstition,4 out of 5,Very smooth,Very smooth
Alec Bradley Superstition,5 out of 5,Strong,"If you like a full body cigar, don't pass this one up. Good construction, & draw' I've ordered them twice."
Alec Bradley Superstition,5 out of 5,HIGHLY RECOMMENDED,Great medium taste from start to finish...nice even burn to the end. I introduced this cigar to a few of my friends who have smoked for years and they raved about it. Nice inexpensive cigar with an expensive taste...
Alec Bradley Superstition,4 out of 5,Taste qualities,Nice flavor and sits on the tongue well.
Alec Bradley Superstition,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,"I bought a 5 pack a week ago and like them so much I ordered a box. Good draw, flavor, razor sharp burn. Smoke them down to the nub."
Alec Bradley Superstition,3 out of 5,Lacks consistency.,"I smoked 5 of this cigar and thought they were up my ally. They had elements of darks fruits and medium body. The next 5 had less of a desirable draw, and, hence, the flavors were washed away."
Alec Bradley Superstition,4 out of 5,Alec Bradley Superstitions,Not a bad cigar
Alec Bradley Superstition,5 out of 5,Nice smokes!,"This cigar starts out this 46 flavor States from the beginning chewy flavors that endure throughout the smoke. Not for the faint of heart, this is more of a full-bodied smoke as are most of the AB line. Recommended for the seasoned smoker."
Alec Bradley Superstition,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley Superstition No. 13,An amazing cigar with great flavor and smoke. The wrapper burns evenly and does not come apart. Highly recommend.
Alec Bradley Superstition,2 out of 5,Strong and peppery,Strong and peppery
Alec Bradley Superstition,5 out of 5,Great blend,Nice smoke great hints of Earth leather and spice turns a little bitter at the end if you HotBox it
Alec Bradley Superstition,4 out of 5,Alec Bradley Superstition Torpedo,"First impression is, this is a well made cigar, consistent from beginning to the end, nicely blended tobaccos filler, binder and wrapper. Outer wrapper is smith and without annoying veins in the leaf, smokes medium to full and the taste and flavor is consistent till the end, good job and well made as expected from an Alec Bradley smoke."
Alec Bradley Superstition,5 out of 5,Run and purchase these ASAP,"Wow, was I surprised by this little cigar. Wonderful burn and taste. I've smoke four of them already so they are consistent. The Habano wrapper is one of the best I seen. Can't say enough about this amazing little cigar that burns like a much larger size."
Alec Bradley Superstition,4 out of 5,AB- Superstitution,"Easy draw, steady burn and surprising good taste."
Alec Bradley Superstition,5 out of 5,Great smoke.,I simply can't believe how good it is for the price.
Alec Bradley Superstition,5 out of 5,AB Superstition,Great cigar-very surprised how good for such a low price. Going to buy more.
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Fairly mild compared to some,"Fairly mild compared to some of my other favorite Alex Bradley cigars. I like to smoke the Prensado Lost Art most of the time, but when I am looking for a little change in flavor, I go to the Tempus"
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Loved the new Alec Bradley,Loved the new Alec Bradley Tempus Natural. very smooth and flavorful. It burned slowly and evenly and was very enjoyable.
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Go to!,Huge AB fan!
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,One of my favorites,Always smooth and good burn. One of my favorite go to humidor picks.
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"Love them, steady burn, great flavor"
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Recommended!,"AB makes some of my favorite sticks. This one is 2nd only to the Prensado for me from AB. I've never had a bad Tempus. Quality sticks, good draw, consistent burn. Very enjoyable smoke!"
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,C'mon It's an Alec Bradley,"The box pressed Tempus Quadrum is the best cigar I have ever smoked and that includes the Maduro. This cigar rivals any Cuban cigar, including the Montecristo Cuban, that I have smoked when I was in Canada."
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Delicious Cigars,"good quality, nice and delicious cigars. thanks."
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Tempus Natural,The best
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Perfection,Is Alex Bradley capable of making a bad or even not great cigar? One of my favorite makers.
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Cigarjoe says,I am normally a Gurkha smoker I purchased these because my father has a hard time smoking gurkhas there a little too powerful I love Alec Bradley Tempest they are wonderful I wish there were a little bit thinner I do prefer a 50 gauge unfortunately I'm a little short for it I'm 5 foot 8 and 140 lb so a big ring cigar was kind of funny looking on me everyone that we recommended Tempest anybody easy draw spicy smooth powerful flavor
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Best all around smoke.,This is my go to cigar. Consistently sets the standard for which all cigars should be rated.
Alec Bradley Tempus,4 out of 5,Nice cigar,Starts out as a nice cigar.
Alec Bradley Tempus,4 out of 5,good smoke,"these smoke good easy draw , even burn very enjoyable"
Alec Bradley Tempus,4 out of 5,NICE EASY DRAW GREAT TASTE,NICE EASY DRAW GREAT TASTE
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar,This is one of my favorites.
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Awesome smoke,Awesome smoke
Alec Bradley Tempus,4 out of 5,Not one of my favorite,Not one of my favorite cigars but nevertheless a good cigar
Alec Bradley Tempus,4 out of 5,First Alec Bradley,They were decent. I would purchase again. Decent flavor. Good smoke.
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley Tempus Quadrum,Excellant Cigar! Good flavour and is long lasting.
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Vry enjoyable,"Mild, good wrap and very enjoyable. Woud order these a good part of my orders."
Alec Bradley Tempus,4 out of 5,Very flavorful mid range smoke.,Very flavorful mid range smoke. Would definitely order this cigar again
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Excellent,Highly recommend this cigar!
Alec Bradley Tempus,4 out of 5,Great cigar.,Great cigar.
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Simply awesomeness,Simply awesomeness
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Good product,Nice smoke
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Awesome,Great smoke from Alec Bradley!
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Great smoke.,One of my all time favorite cigars. Great smoke with multiple flavor changes.
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Alec Bradley Tempus,4 out of 5,Great,Great
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,One of My Top 3,Alec Bradley Tempus is one of my top 3 favorite cigars of all time.
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Always need a box for,Always need a box for vacation!
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,ALEC BRADLEY TEMPUS QUADRUM,The Tempus Quadrum sits high on my list of fine cigars. The flavor begins bold and strong and remains consistent to the end. The Tempus Quadrum lasts considerably longer than other cigars. A must try for any lover of cigars.
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Tempus,"Great smoke
Smoke’m if you got’em if you don’t got’em get’em."
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Terrific,"This may be my favorite cigar right now. Full-bodied, excellent construction, excellent burn, and a rich, creamy flavor, the Tempus is well deserving of its CA #5 ranking for 2017. If not for my adoration of the Serie V, there would be no question. I've got a Serie V and a Serie V Melanio marinating in my humidor right now, waiting for a trip to Mexico in a few weeks. I'll be sure to compare the Tempus against those to see which is my favorite."
Alec Bradley Tempus,3 out of 5,"Full flavored, a bit harsh","Full flavored, a bit harsh at the end."
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Top End Cigar!,"Well constructed, excellent draw, burns evenly to the end. Not too heavy, but lots of flavor. One of my favorites from Alec!!"
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley Tempus,Full bodied beauty. Sophisticated blend with a nice burn and easy draw. Use a straight clean cut so the head doesn't break up when you finish.
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Just need to let them,Just need to let them percolate in humidor a while. Very nice.
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,"Beautifully built, beautiful even burn,","Beautifully built, beautiful even burn, excellent flavor"
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Is a really great smoke.
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,GREAT STICK,Not an expert but VERY MUCH enjoy this rich smoke
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley Tempus,"Fantastic cigar, full bodied but doesn’t overpower you. Consistent from beginning to end. You can’t go wrong with the Tempus Quadrum"
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Very good!,Can't go wrong with these. Good draw. Good taste.
Alec Bradley Tempus,4 out of 5,Great stick..,This is one I keep in my rotation 😁
Alec Bradley Tempus,4 out of 5,Close to 5 stars,"This cigar has smooth aged smoke, good flavors and great construction. If the draw were just a little looser, it would be absolutely perfect."
Alec Bradley Tempus Fumas,4 out of 5,"Good smoke, Great price","5 stars for the price, 3.5 stars for the cigar. The Fumas is,... good, but by no means great. It’s what I expected from a Cuban sandwich: pay just a little bit of money and get a (weaker) taste of a really good smoke, the AB Tempus Natural. If you really like the Tempus Natural, you should like this less expensive watered down version for the golf course, or an everyday smoke."
Alec Bradley Tempus Fumas,5 out of 5,Very good,Very good
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Weekend,Enjoy on the weekend
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Dynamite Cigar,"These cigars are my favorite on the planet. Whenever CI has a sale on them, I stock up. This cigar is explosive in terms of flavor and body...they remind me of the Cubans I have smoked over the course of my cigar smoking life. In fact they may be better than any Cuban I have smoked. I LOVE THEM!"
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar. burns evenly and,Excellent cigar. burns evenly and slowly with great taste
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Typical Alec Bradley Quality,The meaning of Tempus - “Time Flies” What? This cigar slows down your pace. I find the Maduro having a smooth full body taste. The burn brings a quality ash without cigar self destructing. ALWAYS have the Alec Bradley Tempus family in my humidor. Quality!
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,4 out of 5,One of my favorites!,Love the intensity of a fine Maduro!
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Great FULL Body,"Although shorter burning than what I prefer, these cigars are great tasting and with an amazing smell that is my after-dinner dessert."
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,"great smoke, did not realize","great smoke, did not realize it's kind of a boxpress but a grat cigar"
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,4 out of 5,"Nice, but...","Very enjoyable smoke, but difficult to keep lit for some reason - the cigar, not me."
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Don't pass this one up,One of the nicest cigars I've enjoyed.The burn is smooth and long lasting with deep flavors Going to indulge in one now
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Another great deal!,"Great smoke, everything you want in a maduro. Definitely will buy these again!"
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,3 out of 5,Okay,"Huge Alec Bradley fan - but found these to be okay at best. Hard to stay lit, lack of long leaf filler and a non-distinctive taste."
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent short stick,"Great smoke by Alec super burn and drawl with
Really good taste all the way through"
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Love these cigars will order,Love these cigars will order again soon
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,very good,love these cigars
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar,One of alec Bradley's best
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,wonderful stick. Love it.,wonderful stick. Love it.
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,3 out of 5,Good cigars. No great but,Good cigars. No great but good
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Great stick,The flavor and construction of this stick is fantastic. I definitely recommend this one.
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,"great flavor, solid ash, long","great flavor, solid ash, long burn."
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Great deal,Great deal
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,A+ Cigar!,"I'm new to cigars, but I've gotta say these are awesome. My first cigar purchase was the Gurkha Churchill sampler just to get my feet wet. So far I've smoked the Beast, Grand Age, and the Status, none of those were bad but the Tempus Maduro blows them away in my opinion. This is only my fourth cigar and it's the first one where I'm noticing different flavors. Mainly dark chocolate and coffee, it's also a very smooth cigar. At first I thought I might be going overboard buying a whole box of premium cigars I hadn't previously tried, but in the end I'm very happy with my purchase."
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,4 out of 5,Good stogie,It was an all round enjoyable time.
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Enjoyable cigar,A great smoke for everyone. I had these for a Vegas trip with some friends and everyone complimented how good they are.
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Affordable High quality,"Great draw, burn, flavor and finish. Easily a cigar for special occasions."
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Tempus,Intimidating looking cigar but it was very smooth for a Maduro wrapped cigar from beginning to end
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,"Great cigar, well constructed with","Great cigar, well constructed with good draw. Highly recommend."
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,4 out of 5,Good cigar for the price,Good cigar for the price if you enjoy a bold cigar!
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Loving Maduros,I haven't been smoking long and started out with mild cigars. That got boring real quick. Had a Maduro in sampler and liked it. Decided to try these and I am very glad I did. So much flavour!
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,4 out of 5,Really a 4 1/2,"This cigar bears all of the qualities of a regular Tempus except it has the rich characteristics of a Maduro. I rate it as one of the best maduros I have ever smoked. If you like Maduro cigars, you will love this one."
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Better Than Expected,"When I order samplers I find they are ok, but I smoked the Tempus and immediately ordered a box of ten. Very smooth throughout."
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,4 out of 5,Solid +,"Nice cigar. Well constructed, good taste, nothing to rave about."
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar on my favorite,Great cigar on my favorite list
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,3 out of 5,Average Cigar,"It’s a good cigar, but wouldn’t buy it again."
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,3 out of 5,Unimpressed,Heavily dyed wrapping... Uneven burn... Decent flavor... First Alec Bradley ever I was disappointed with
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Yummy Exquisite cigars,The Alec Bradley tempus Maduro is very delicious and full body cigar and I would recommend it to anyone who knows anything about a good tasting cigar
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Very good cigar
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,3 out of 5,Not bad for the cost,These were ok for the price point but I would not seek these cigars out to buy them again. Good for something to burn while golfing or cutting the lawn.
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Top notch cigars,These are Great!
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Fabulous smoke. Glad I bought 2 packs of 5 rather than only one. I have now tried all of the Alec Bradley Tempus cigars and I have only good things to say about all of them
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,"A rich, full-flavored blend that's","A rich, full-flavored blend that's smooth and balanced from start to finish. Divinities notes of coffee, cocoa, and a hint of pepper. Slightly sweet finish."
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley for the win,"Got these in Make Me an Offer a while back. Pat yourself on the back and treat yourself to a real experience of a stick with this one. This was my first AB of many, and the brand is now my go to stick. You really are getting yourself a true, fantastic smoking experience when you go with Alec Bradley. Get some!"
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke!...... my new favorite go to cigar for a full bodied cigar!!,Wish I had tried Alec Bradley line sooner!
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,1 out of 5,Bad choice,"First bad experience from CI, flavor is good, but these cigars don’t draw well at all, they burn very uneven (runners). First 6 cigars in the box all have the same problem and I have not smoked the rest. Pretty much unsmokeable"
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,A/B Tempus Mad,Excellent taste. Good size. Superb quality. Great price
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,great cigars,Love these cigars!!
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,4 out of 5,Pretty Good,"Notice I didn't say ""great."" The CAO camshaft beats this one in price and flavor IMO. I've always liked the AB brand, liked the FIXX, etc., but I think CAO has ruined me! Maybe a bit more aging will help these gars."
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,3 out of 5,cigar were fresh,"i like the cigars but not as much as i like the regular Tempus, is a good cigar but not my thing."
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,One of the best cigars I’ve ever smoked 👍
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Actually a 4.5,"If Tempus Quadrum is a 5, the Nicaragua Quadrum is definitely a 4.5. Where it lacks in body compared with the Tempus Quadrum, it makes up for it in taste. The Nicaragua has many spicy elements and, by the way, it too is full bodied. It is a really nice smoke!"
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great cigar. Seemed a little,Great cigar. Seemed a little lighter than the Maduro which suits my taste. Burned slowly and evenly with great flavors
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Another favorite!,"Nice all around smoke , as expected from AB!"
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Good flavor stick and consistent,"Good flavor stick and consistent throughout, not too bold. Will definitely keep these in my humidor"
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great Smooth Smoke,"I happened upon these. Got them with a 5 pack bundle, get five of one kind, and five of another. I got the bundle for the Predomo's in it, but also knew Alec Bradley was no slouch. When I tried these I was really surprised. I really liked the flavor, the smooth smoke and great burn. Taste developed well over the whole cigar, which is what I really look for. At the end I found I didn't want to give it up! I just kept the nub!! That's when I realized I gotta get some more of these!!"
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Smooth and excellent all the,Smooth and excellent all the way through
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Tempus Nicaragua,Great cigar. Good draw great taste start to finish. Highly recommend!
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Super cigar,Great smoke
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,3 out of 5,Good smokes,Good smokes
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,My Go To Cigar,"When I want good rich flavor, satisfying smoke, this is my favorite."
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Tempus Nicaragua,"The best cigar I’ve ever tasted. Great balance of flavors, the right draw. Ufff, this one is special"
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Tempus Nicaragua quantum,Really good smoke leather coffee chocolate notes will smoke again soon
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,saisfying smoke,This is one of my favorites. It is long on flavor.
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Very good cigar!,"I've enjoyed every Alec Bradley cigar I've smoked. Excellent construction, great taste right down to the end. Can't go wrong with these. Will buy again."
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Awsome love them,Awsome love them
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,3 out of 5,They are fair not the,They are fair not the bezt of the lot
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,First time smoke,"Bought these in a sampler deal, great smoke!"
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Great cigar,"Nice medium cigar, great taste,great burn and draw. Just have to get used to a box press is all. Will buy more."
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,One of my favorite cigars...,And I really like the 5X55 box press. Great flavor and burns well...
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Nice surprise,"Bought these on a deal, figured worth a try, well I’m sorry I didn’t get more. Was very happy with the smoke, smooth great flavor, smoked it down til I burnt my fingers. I will definitely be keeping these stocked in my humidor from now on. Thanks CI for the deal that got me to try these."
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Nutty pleasure,"Very well made, fruity-nutty taste, easy draw... pure pleasure."
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great Stick!,"I don’t think Alec Bradley can makes a bad cigar!! This one is full of dark cocoa, toast and a great even burn."
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Tempus Nicaragua,"Very smooth, with just a hint of black pepper on the back of the tongue. Alec does it again!"
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great taste,An awesome cigar. Got the deal and I could not be more pleased. It's a coin flip between these and Olivia V. You won't be disappointed.
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Tempus,I like this one better than the other blends with the Tempus name. This is a great smoke
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Quedrum,Decent smoke good draw as most box pressed are
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Nice,Smooth good burning flavorful amoke that i wpuld buy again..The i amoke alec bradlys the better i like em
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great,Loves these cigars !!
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Another stunner,"Gray cigar. Earthy, nuttiness abound."
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,My favorite Quadrum,My favorite of the Quadrum series. Great cigar
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great smoke and always consistent,"Great smoke and always consistent burn with wonderful flavor.Would but
Again
PatGummerson
Crystal Lake,Il"
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke.,"I like to keep these in my humidor, an excellent stogie I enjoy them very much, cudos to CI for having them in stock at such an affordable price."
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Melllow,"For a Nicaraguan cigar, it's very smooth without a lot of pepper kick. Definitely different."
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Cigars always fresh!,"I am glad I moved over to Cigars International a few years back, every order I make is always fresh. The quality never disappoints"
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Not in my price budget,A lil expensive for me but good flavors
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,How do you make great to Awesome?,"When I take a deep look in my heart I know I am a Nicaraguan Cigar man, that being said Alec Bradley created a beast with this version of the classic Tempus line."
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Greatest,Smooth i just aint got the words
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great flavor nice draw
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,great,This was a great cigar. I buy it when I get a deal otherwise out of my price range. Buy um if you can.
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Johnny Vegas,Alec Bradley is one of my fave brands. My fave cigar is the Tempus Nicaragua Quadrum size. It is true quality smoke all the way.
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,3 out of 5,Tempus Nicaragua,"Tightly wrapped cigar that draws hard, burns even but is hard to keep lit. Smooth tasting cigar."
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Amazing cigar,I will buy again
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Thank You,My order came in a timely manner and the cigars were fresh.
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,2 out of 5,Disappointing,This batch burned unevenly.
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Quality cigar for your money,"I first purchased 10 of these with some other package deals that was offered. After smoking a couple, I must say was very impressed! If your looking for a med to full that delivers a long refreshing smoke. I would highly recommend. I have since ordered another 60 for my humidor. Nicely constructed cigars!"
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Good golf cigar,"A nice mild smoke, but a little weird in that the cigar is rectangular in shape."
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua Quadrum,"AB makes great cigars and this one will not disappoint you!! Great wrapper, smoke and flavors!!"
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,There is none better than,"There is none better than an Alex Bradley, especially at a great price."
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Product and service,"I'm satisfied with my choice, quality of the product, and next day delivery was a surprise."
Alec Bradley Texas Lancero,5 out of 5,Thee TEXAS BOSS,Very good giant cigar!!! And i love the price!!! I nicknamed this baby the BOSS OF ALL BOSSES... TASTE GREAT!!
Alec Bradley Texas Lancero,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great taste
Alec Bradley Texas Lancero,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Great choice for a premium cigar at a modest price.
Alec Bradley Texas Lancero,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley,Real smooth smoke and long lasting.
Alec Bradley Texas Lancero,5 out of 5,AB Lancero,Excellent cigar like all Alec Bradley Cigars
Alec Bradley Texas Lancero,5 out of 5,Love it!,One of my favs!!! Big cigar for a big alpha male!!!
Alec Bradley Texas Lancero,5 out of 5,Absolutely Love this Cigar,Complex and subtle flavors are arainged in this cigar. Force yourself to step off the rat wheel and enjoy this Cigar with a rye adult beverage. Flavor will burst on your palet. Hope this helps.
Alec Bradley Texas Lancero,5 out of 5,Big Stick with Great Taste!,"I'm smoking a Texas Lancero now as I write this review. Keep in mind I just got my five back in and this first stick has only been in my humidor for a day. I'll let the other sit for a while. I am very impressed. I did not expect the depth of flavor that I'm getting from the cigar. The draw is perfect and the burn is slow. I love the natural sweetness of the tobacco as well as the hint of pepper without being overwhelming. If you want to run with the big dogs and can handle a big stick, then I highly recommend the a AB Texas Lancero!"
Alec Bradley Texas Lancero,5 out of 5,All about the CI magazine,Great selection and service. I had to order the Texas Lancero just to have it in my collection. Can't wait for the CI magazine to come every month so I can plan my next order.
Alec Bradley Texas Lancero,5 out of 5,Big Cigar,"Very good smoke, right size for visit to casino, not to strong or to mild. Would purchase again."
Alec Bradley Texas Lancero,4 out of 5,Football Game,Light it a kickoff and smoke it until the game is over.
Alec Bradley Texas Lancero,2 out of 5,Texan Like A Pumpjack,"As a Texan, Alec Bradley fan and owner of several big trucks I can only say this cigar tastes like diesel. In the best possible way, but after several tastes with different lighting methods and full smokes; I am overwhelmed by the taste of fuel."
Alec Bradley Texas Lancero,5 out of 5,An awesome smoke!,"this is a great cigar from beginning to end, also it doesn't loose it's smooth taste all the way or how it burns. It took me almost 2 hours to kick back, relax and enjoy a awesome smoke"
Alec Bradley Texas Lancero,5 out of 5,every thing is big inTexas!,"There are better smokes inAB line of smokes,but this is a good smoke.Be ready too spend an evening when lighting this one up."
Alec Bradley Texas Lancero,3 out of 5,taste was fair. like the,taste was fair. like the ring size. a bit of a harsh finish. but overall a good cigar
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,"very good medium cigar, very","very good medium cigar, very consistent"
Alec Bradley The Lineage,4 out of 5,"Great smoke, easy flavor, great","Great smoke, easy flavor, great with coffee and good friends."
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,My ideal golf smoke!,"Nice size, ideal for a round of golf. Excellent taste and burn. Paper gets a little dry at times."
Alec Bradley The Lineage,4 out of 5,Smooth and well flavored.,Smooth and well flavored.
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley Gordp,Again...a really nice smooth smoke
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,Great 'gar. Great flavor. Great draw.,This is a cigar to savor. It matches smooth and mellow with great flavor.
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Loved every minute of this smoke
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,Delicious Cigars,"good quality, nice and delicious cigars. thanks."
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,A true cigar...,"This guy is one of the better cigars I've had in a while! It has a medium to full bodied flavor from beginning to end. I enjoy it so much, I've added it to me list of regular smokes."
Alec Bradley The Lineage,4 out of 5,Another hit from AB,"AB is one of my fav brands, and the Lineage is another hit. Great construction, perfect draw, even burn.
This a really good medium strength stick. Smooth, with gobs of creamy smoke and a nice taste, not to much pepper. It’s a 90 degree afternoon in S.E. Pa. and this cigar works well with a nice cold Troegs Sunshine Pilsner. Get one and enjoy ! ( get a bottle of Sunshine too if you can ) Prost !"
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,Fav,Fav
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,Nice Smoke,"Bought these as a sampler. They are really nice. Good flavor, easy draw right down to the fingers. Alec Bradley's are a little pricey for me, but any time I can get them in a promo or sampler, I jump right on them!"
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley Lineage,Great smoke! I'm never disappointed when I buy this stick!
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth Cigar. Great smoke.
Alec Bradley The Lineage,4 out of 5,They are very good,They are very good
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,Lineage,"For me, I find this to be a very good blend. Medium grade, very smooth."
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,great smoke,great smoke
Alec Bradley The Lineage,4 out of 5,Alec Bradley,Very good smoke
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,They were very good and,They were very good and long lasting
Alec Bradley The Lineage,4 out of 5,Ok little strong for me,Ok little strong for me
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,Good Smoke,"The pack I received was well cared for and offered an enjoyable, pleasant smoke."
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,great for special occasions,great smoke
Alec Bradley The Lineage,4 out of 5,Quality Smoke,It’s a great cigar for the price with a good draw
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley The Lineage Gordo,Great cigars
Alec Bradley The Lineage,4 out of 5,Gordo a go-go,"Salmagundi, ordered on Monday, Shipped on Tuesday, Arrived on Wednesday, Enjoyed on Thursday, Again on Friday, Reviewed on Saturday, Relaxed on Sunday and that is end of Salmagundi."
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,I enjoyed these cigars. Good,I enjoyed these cigars. Good flavor and well constructed. One of the five seemed to have a tight draw but over all a good cigar. Will buy again
Alec Bradley The Lineage,4 out of 5,Burn,must relite often.
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,Fantastic Smoke,Smooth and enjoyable from light up to the last toke.
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,nice and smooth,nice and smooth
Alec Bradley The Lineage,3 out of 5,alec Bradley lineage,"A little to strong for me , I like a milder cigar"
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,I took a chance on the offered special. I must admit I was beyond surprised with the quality and the enjoyment these cigars afforded me. They are definitely contenders and I will order a bundle next time.
Alec Bradley The Lineage,4 out of 5,cigars were good. nice draw!,cigars were good. nice draw! very fresh
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,"Quality cigar, quality service..","Quality cigar, quality service.."
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,A Must purchase,"Slow even burn
Robust
Smooth taste"
Alec Bradley The Lineage,4 out of 5,"One flaw, one time - then Excellent!","I got a five pack of these when I decided to try out several cigars I had never tried. I had the Prensada before and was impressed, so I decided to try the Legend. Unfortunately the first one was slightly plugged and was a disappointing smoke through the first half of the cigar. But the next two were wonderful, and I don't mean just he draw. I am thinking I just got unlucky as these are wonderfully flavored cigars. A nice full mouth feeling, as should be expected from a good large rind gauge. Flavor was quite consistent and I smoked it all the way to the nub since it was so good."
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Alec Bradley The Lineage,4 out of 5,Good Cigar,Good flavor
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,Love this stick,Love this stick
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,Great for the price.,"Good draw and build. Long lasting, lots of smoke and taste. Great value, would buy again."
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,Alec bradley,"Very smooth on initial light, draw easy throughout, easy to keep lite, one of the best,"
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,The Lineage,Great cigar-great flavor all the way to the end. Very consistent.
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,Great Cigar!,Excellent flavor. Nicely wrapped with a good draw. Great smoke. Definitely in the 90+ for a reason.
Alec Bradley The Lineage,3 out of 5,Tough draw,Disappointed with this. cigar. Tough draw and a little too harsh for my expectations.
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,One of my favorites,"I’ve bought a few boxes of different Alec Bradley’s over the past few years. (And btw CI consistently has one of the best prices). AB has better cigars by ratings, but this is one of the smoothest, most enjoyable, consistent choices of their excellent line."
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,Enjoyed it. Slow burning,Enjoyed it. Slow burning
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,The Linage,Excellent taste and smooth!
Alec Bradley The Lineage,4 out of 5,an excellent smoke,an excellent smoke
Alec Bradley The Lineage,4 out of 5,"Nice,smooth, leathery taste","Nice,smooth, leathery taste"
Alec Bradley The Lineage,3 out of 5,Ok,flavor profile is sort of bland to me. But i dont think that this cigar was bad by any means. Just wouldn’t be jumping to smoke one again.
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,A little disapointed. I got,A little disapointed. I got them in a sampler pack and didnt pay attention to the ring size. They were no more than brown cigarettes. I had purchased boxes of them before but bigger ring size. My bag.
Alec Bradley V2L Black,4 out of 5,Great smoke,"Always draws well, consistent burn and flavor."
Alec Bradley V2L Black,4 out of 5,Good cigar,The entire Alec Bradley line is full of surprises. This cigar also had great workmanship and was full of flavor.
Alec Bradley V2L Black,5 out of 5,V2L Black - Alec Bradley,it's a great smoke! I've ordered them before and will again!
Alec Bradley V2L Black,5 out of 5,V2L Black Gordo,Great smoking cigar...my go to stick.
Alec Bradley V2L Black,3 out of 5,In A Pinch,Not bad. Draw not consistent
Alec Bradley V2L Black,3 out of 5,Not bad,Not his best. Have to re touch a few times. Overall ok for the price
Alec Bradley V2L Black,5 out of 5,Fabulous,Best cigar in my humidor. Tight. Nice smoke line. Flavor is great
Alec Bradley V2L Black,4 out of 5,Awesome buy,If there was a separate rating for “value” cigars this would be a 6 star cigar. Awesome smoke for the price
Alec Bradley V2L Black,4 out of 5,V2L black robusto,"Great smoke....good,even burn ...not a bad stick in the bundle."
Alec Bradley V2L Black,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,Perfect draw incredible flavor
Alec Bradley V2L Black,4 out of 5,A-Bradley V2L,"Alec Bradley V2L is a magnificent smoke from start to finish. It starts out spicy and carries it throughout for a very satisfying strong - medium smoke. The 6.5×60 smoked slow and even throughout, very enjoyable!"
Alec Bradley V2L Black,5 out of 5,very good smoke,Very well made. I would recommend this Alec Bradley.
Alec Bradley V2L Black,5 out of 5,Must have more!!!,These are a permanent fixture in the humidor!!!
Alec Bradley V2L Black,4 out of 5,great desert cigar,Fairly mild. Smooth draw and relaxing smoke
Alec Bradley V2L Black,4 out of 5,Not bad at all!,"Nice cigar with a flavor that’s more robust than I usually enjoy, but something about these makes them quite a good little smoke for those times I don’t have a lot of time."
Alec Bradley V2L Black,5 out of 5,Very nice...,"Surprisingly good, deep flavor. A very nice smoke medium body very nice finish. I'm buying more of these!"
Alec Bradley V2L Black,5 out of 5,Try them,"Thanks c.i for the fast delivery. Got my sticks on time . And couldn't wait to lite it up. Great flyover from start to finish,even burn. Ash didn't stay on as long as I like.,not over powerful ,but consistent flavor all the way down to nub. Didn't even get hot.. so go try them for the price. Thanks C.I"
Alec Bradley V2L Black,5 out of 5,A GREAT Cigar!,"I have ordered these before, and again, did not disappoint! I thoroughly enjoy having one of these after coming home from work. And the price is awesome!"
Alec Bradley V2L Black,4 out of 5,Keeps Promise,Consistent burn. Full of flavor. Will not disappoint
Alec Bradley V2L Black,5 out of 5,vg,Very good smoke
Alec Bradley V2L Black,5 out of 5,Really like these!,"These are a nice long smoke, maybe two hours just puffing on them. They have a nice consistant flavor throughout, not bitter or harsh. These will be a regular in my humidor!"
Alec Bradley V2L Black,4 out of 5,Nice Relaxing Smoke,Is full of Favor
Alec Bradley V2L Black,5 out of 5,V2L experience,"I’m not big on writing reviews, so the short and sweet of it is, essentially the V2L delivers as promised. A full flavored bundle of deliciousness will tantalize your tastebuds from light to finish. Buy it. Smoke it. Claim the day."
Alec Bradley V2L Black,4 out of 5,Can't go wrong with Alec Bradley,"Medium to full cigar, great taste, long even burn. For the price can't ask for better."
Alec Bradley V2L Black,4 out of 5,Ok for price,Ok for price
Alec Bradley V2L Black,4 out of 5,V2l,Good everyday cigar and a good price
Alec Bradley V2L Black,5 out of 5,Great Cigar!,"I received these yesterday, so naturally I had to try one out right away. Let me tell you, I was not disappointed.Great taste to go with an even burn! Can't wait to see how they are after they've been in my humidor for a while! I would most definitely buy these again."
Alec Bradley V2L Black,5 out of 5,Liked the Bradley line thought,Liked the Bradley line thought I would give them a try. I was not disappointed
Alec Bradley White Gold,5 out of 5,Never smoked any,"I have a friend that loves these cigars so i buy a 2 boxes a year for him for his birthday and Christmas. I Am not a cheapskate. I bought him 20 edges once and he didn’t like them he wanted these. So my pal is about what he actually likes, not what a cigar costs."
Alec Bradley White Gold,4 out of 5,"Just a good, mild cigar.","I like a mild cigar and I like the flavor of the Alec Bradley White Gold ones. The burn well and don't get ""hot"" toward the end. So, I get to enjoy them all the way to the end."
Alec Bradley White Gold,4 out of 5,Nice mild smoke,Nice mild smoke
Alec Bradley White Gold,5 out of 5,Great mellow cigar,Great mellow cigar
Alec Bradley White Gold,4 out of 5,Pretty good stick.,"Pretty good cigar. Burns well, even and stays lit. Good taste, i will be buying these again. The would make a good everyday stick."
Alec Bradley White Gold,5 out of 5,Mild and tasty,I started with a 5!pack and liked them so decided to grab a box. Nice everyday Affordable smoke from a great product line.
Alec Bradley White Gold,3 out of 5,"Alec, Alec, Alec you eventually won me over on this one!","I know Alec, like Alec's Black Market, Prensado, American Sun Grown, and Tempus (but not lets focus on Tempus), these are all amazing cigars. Prensado has a permanent spot in my humidor. But Alec you kind threw me curve ball with White Gold, with your track record i bought a whole box of these, and upon my first cigar, immediately regretted my purchase. But a solid 7 or so in these grew on me, and now i quite like them. It is a great warm up cigar, light on flavour, but very well constructed. If you can get these a good price then i would recommend."
Alec Bradley White Gold,5 out of 5,Good daily smoke,"Awesome mild smoke for the price. Hand them out when golfing every week due to the cost.
Usually a consistent burn."
Alec Bradley White Gold,5 out of 5,White gold,Great little cigar for the price put it down in the ashtray it will stay lit quite some time great Ash
Alec Bradley White Gold,4 out of 5,Not too bad,Good knock-about smoke. The Puck is good too. Only complaint- you were out of General Grants!
Alec Bradley White Gold,4 out of 5,White Gold,were at a great price...
Alec Bradley White Gold,3 out of 5,"Over all a good ""everyday"" smoke","Over all a mild flavored cigar, but was a little drier than I like."
Alec Bradley White Gold,4 out of 5,Pleasant mild cigar with a,Pleasant mild cigar with a good draw and taste.
Alec Bradley White Gold,4 out of 5,Everyday stick,"Solid stick with an agreeable taste. Burns for about 45 minutes. Smells of hay and grass, also subtlety sweet. The wrap attractive and is nicely done, comparable to the wrap on some $6-$10 sticks. The taste starts off bland and just tastes like a cheap mild cigar. It must be noted that the construction under the wrapper is about what you would expect for this price range. You will get canoeing and runs, After smoking quite a few I have noticed evenly lighting these cigars are more important than usual. As you hit the .5"" mark you start to get the mild creamy notes. These slightly sweet creamy notes are lost in the last two inches. Replaced by earthy leathery notes. Things can get bitter if puffed too quickly. In conclusion, the mixed filler comprised of nice aged tobaccos paired with an visually appealing wrapper make for an great value everyday smoke. I really enjoy these cigars and recommend them."
Alec Bradley White Gold,4 out of 5,Good,"I bought the box of 20. A few were loose, some didn’t hold an ash well , some burned somewhat even. But I have to say they are an all around good stick for the price."
Alec Bradley White Gold,4 out of 5,Its a mild smoke and,Its a mild smoke and the price is great
Alec Bradley White Gold,5 out of 5,White Gold,"Excellent price, perfect size with a nice mellow body. Definitely purchase again."
Alec Bradley White Gold,5 out of 5,Perfect budget/daily stick!,"This cigar is fantastic for the price! At around $2-$2.50 a stick you can’t beat it. If you like smooth, creamy, and inexpensive, buy a box now! I’ve shared these with friends and family and everyone loves them! They burn a little faster than a more expensive stick but are still Alec Bradley quality. I can’t understand any review less than 5 stars considering the price... delicious a new go to for me!"
Alec Bradley White Gold,5 out of 5,Great deal. Great smoke,Great deal. Great smoke
Alec Bradley White Gold,4 out of 5,Great smoke,a great everyday smoke
Alec Bradley White Gold,3 out of 5,"Morning smoke, a little inconsistent","Morning smoke, a little inconsistent burn. But not that bad."
Alec Bradley White Gold,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley White gold cigars,I love the cigar it’s awesome and has smooth and mellow nuances of cream toast and gentle spices it burns very well and a very enjoyable cigar
Alec Bradley White Gold,5 out of 5,Mellow to the end,Just received these near perfect roll golden brown silky smooth wrapper great looking box and bands punched it and got a near perfect drae probably the mellowest and smoothest cigar I've smoked so far not very complex but tasty and leaves a wonderfull white pepper tast great for a newbie or or if you just want a mellow smoke. Thanks CI.
Alec Bradley White Gold,5 out of 5,Yummy,Yummy
Alec Bradley White Gold,5 out of 5,a box of cigars,This was for my brother in law for his birthday. I love the deals on Joe Cigar and so did he!!
Alec Bradley White Gold,5 out of 5,some burn uneven but like,some burn uneven but like the flavor
Alec Bradley White Gold,4 out of 5,Smooth burn and smoke,Second time I have ordered these. Nice smooth enjoyable smoke.
Alec Bradley White Gold,3 out of 5,Mild Gold!,Nice mild cigar!
Alec Bradley White Gold,3 out of 5,"Ok, not too bad",Better than expected to be honest. Not a bad everyday stick. Good value.
Alec Bradley White Gold,3 out of 5,Not packed real tight. A,Not packed real tight. A little to chewy . Hard to keep lit. Great taste
Alec Bradley White Gold,3 out of 5,average,average
Alec Bradley White Gold,3 out of 5,Alex Bradley White Gold Toro,"These cigars rolled to lose, hard to kept lit."
Alec Bradley White Gold,5 out of 5,My friend loves them,My friend loves them
Alec Bradley White Gold,3 out of 5,Alec Bradley White Golf Churchill,"Alec Bradley is my personal choice for a mild ,good cigar. Normally the White
Gold is a perfect fit for my taste but for some reason the outer wrapper leaf
on the last two orders of this cigar start to peel off as soon as you unwrap
them making for a not so nice cigar that doesn't taste that great and doesn't
want to stay lit."
Alec Bradley White Gold,4 out of 5,Inexpensive mild smoke with an,"Inexpensive mild smoke with an easy draw, burns evenly and stays lit during your smoke."
Alec Bradley White Gold,5 out of 5,Great.,Worth every penny!!
Alec Bradley White Gold,4 out of 5,Good cigar!,Surprisingly good cigar for the price. Would purchase again.
Alec Bradley White Gold,5 out of 5,Great smoke for the price,Great smoke for the price
Alec Bradley White Gold,5 out of 5,Best cigar,Best cigarUnfortunately I cannot get the mistakes cigar these are more expensive but just as good
Alec Bradley White Gold,4 out of 5,Great everyday smoke,"A sleeper hit. Get some now before everyone figures out how good these are. Good,even draw, and a nice, smooth taste. A really good every day smoke, or something to fire up with mowing the lawn and doing chores. Not overly aggressive in it's presence, but a nice cigar to get you through the day."
Alec Bradley White Gold,3 out of 5,Good medium smoke a little,Good medium smoke a little too spicy on the back end.
Alec Bradley White Gold,3 out of 5,Not bad,bit of an after taste. Nice and mellow
Alec Bradley White Gold,4 out of 5,"Light flavor, even pull. Sometimes","Light flavor, even pull. Sometimes one of the edges will burn slower than the rest of the cigar. When I got them they seemed as though I was drawing a lot of air. After a few day in a humidor they began to draw better."
Alec Bradley White Gold,5 out of 5,Henry,These cigars are one of the smoothest cigars and nice even draw you will get for the price! Great taste with a scotch or Irish Whiskey.
Alec Bradley White Gold,5 out of 5,Creamellow!,"Great smoke!
I bought these just because they were on special for what amounted to about 1.22 a cigar even after shipping.
In my mind I was thinking even if they are terrible I’ve spent 25 bucks on worse.
For a mild cigar these cigars pack a nice creamy mellow flavor. Perfect for a morning stick or hot afternoon when a full body (at least to me) is not very enjoyable.
I will buy these again!"
Alec Bradley White Gold,5 out of 5,Nice!!!!,"Great cigar for the money! For a cigar smoker who averages 1 per week, it’s perfect. This cigar does not apply to the phrase, “You get what you paid for”."
Alec Bradley White Gold,5 out of 5,Nice!!!!,"Great cigar for the money! For a cigar smoker who averages 1 per week, it’s perfect. This cigar does not apply to the phrase, “You get what you paid for”."
Alec Bradley White Gold,5 out of 5,Alec White Gold,I only smoke on the golf course & I really like a mild cigar with a smooth taste & arromma.
Alec Bradley White Gold,5 out of 5,Very good cigar,Very good cigar
Alec Bradley White Gold,4 out of 5,Great smoke,The only thing negative about them is that they don't always burn evenly. Otherwise a perfect smooth cigar for a great price
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Good aroma/ and price,Good aroma/ and price
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Very good for a quick,"Very good for a quick smoke, very mild"
Alta Gracia,3 out of 5,My husband like irish cream,My husband like irish cream but not his favorite only time he gets irish creme when his favorites or sold out
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,great service will always buy,great service will always buy from here
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Great every day smokes,"I purchased these as everyday smokers and they did not disappoint. One with your morning coffee to start your day right, or a quickie with a glass of your favorite whiskey after work. Great price as well"
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Good taste. Great value.,Good taste. Great value.
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Nice Little Cigar,"I like these cigarillos. They burn well, have a good taste and are economical. Only drawback is they can burn a little bit hot towards the end."
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Alta Gracia,"Not a bad tasting smoke, just way to thin and your lucky if it last five minutes."
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Best cigarrilos ever,"I keep mine in a humidor, with a shot of blade and bow whiskey to add flavor. Leave in for 48 hrs good times ahead. These are usually good up to 55 mph with no windshield."
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Love em,"Nice size, great taste. Nice 10 min cigar."
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Irish Whiskey Maduros and Cigarillos 👍🏼👍🏼,"I really like the Irish Whiskey Maduros and Cigarillos. They taste good, burn well, are not bound too tightly and priced well. However, the tip does get a little bit hot towards the end. Overall, these are one of my favorite."
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Smooth and mild. Burns clean,Smooth and mild. Burns clean and draws easily.
Alta Gracia,4 out of 5,I LIKE EM,JUST THE RIGHT SIZE FOR A MORNING CIGAR WITH MY COFFEE
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Buy more!,"Perfect blend of smoothies. Good taste.
Trust me you’ll not regret will buy more!"
Alta Gracia,4 out of 5,ok,ok
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Great,Great. Loved the flavor
Alta Gracia,4 out of 5,Great for the price,"A little strong at first but smooth, and good with a drink."
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Great Buy,"Very smooth, and high quality."
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Back for more!!!,I love these!!!!... I keep coming back for more. Great flavor and great price!!
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Awesome little smokes!!!,Yes!!!!!! These are perfect little bundles of joy when I don't have the time to smoke bigger cigars. Love them!!!
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,quality,Very good!
Alta Gracia,4 out of 5,Alta Gracia Natural,A nice quick cigar for the money. I'll buy them again.
Alta Gracia,4 out of 5,nice little cigars,For a quick 10 minute smoke you can't go wrong with these. They do tend to unravel towards the end.
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Tasty high quality satisfaction,Tasty high quality satisfaction
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Great quick smoke,An excellent flavorful quick smoke !
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Maduro whiskey,"Cant wait to try the rest, if they ever get back in stock. I'll definitely be watching out for them"
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Great,Great ordered more
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Great lil smoke,This is a great little smoke if your in your chair or step out of work for a smoke. Thumbs up.
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Got 10 Minutes,"For a quick smoke that gives a ""kick"" try these."
Alta Gracia,4 out of 5,alta gracia cigars,Great quick smoke during winter months when you cant be outside in the cold enjoying a 50 ring
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Cigarrelos,Great tasting no bite small cigar.
Alta Gracia,4 out of 5,Good,Good
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Muy bien,Muy bien
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Great smooth smoke,"Light, smooth taste. No complaints about heavy cigar smoke, can smoke this in the car without car smelling like an ashtray afterwards."
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke low price
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Short Smoke,"Looking for a cigar for the evening but dont have the time, or maybe dont want to get too tipsy? Good, short smoke."
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Good for price,A lot better than I expected for the price it’s a good buy
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Short smokes,These are nice short smokes.
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Wow that was a surprise.,These are really quite the surprise. I was not expecting the quality of these. Each one is just as good as the first one. They are a great daily smoke. I will be buying more of these. I want to try each one.
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Great flavor for a 10 minute smoke,This was my first purchase of this cigarillo and I've enjoyed the flavor it provides. Not as sweet as the Irish Whiskey cigarillo also offered by Alta Gracia. A good smoke for the price.
Alta Gracia,4 out of 5,"Boom, Pow, Bam!!!",Great smoke for a quick Cigar fix. Smooth & rich in flavor. Doesn't take u away from the feel of smoking a traditional stick but dam well worth the money. I'm buying again & I'm telling my friends...
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Great with my morning coffee,"I like these little guys. Yes, they get warmer in the 2nd third. Burn is even with an easy draw. Goes great with my morning coffee."
Alta Gracia,4 out of 5,Satisfying,Good flavor and use for a quick cigar smoke before or during work. Taste is good and the shipping in the wood box is unique.
Alta Gracia,4 out of 5,smoke have a good price,smoke have a good price
Alta Gracia,4 out of 5,Good tasting should be cheaper,Good tasting should be cheaper
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Wedding cigarellos,Perfect idea for a wedding; the last thing anyone wants is to start a 40 minute cigar and miss the festivities !
Alta Gracia,4 out of 5,Good small cigar,"Not the best cigar in the world, but that shouldnt be the expectation. A good small cigar, good short smoke at a good price"
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Exactly what I expected. Great,Exactly what I expected. Great when you don’t have a lot of time.
Alta Gracia,3 out of 5,Cute and mellow,Very mellow need to be a bit stronger
Amati,4 out of 5,amati tor,easy draw smooth good buy for the price liked it so much ordered the churchill size
Amati,3 out of 5,Good buy,"Nice smoke, Even burn, long ash"
Amati,3 out of 5,"Not bad, pretty good for","Not bad, pretty good for the price , mild, a little sweet for me"
Amati,4 out of 5,Worth it.,Inexpensive but quality. Went thru 2 boxes in a month. Mild and mellow.
Amati,5 out of 5,A surprise hit,"I took a chance on this one, originally purchased for the price to be a cigar to smoke when I was busy. From the very first draw I was hooked. A sweet tip and a flavorful smoke, smooth, enjoyable, worth every penny."
Amati,5 out of 5,An easy smoke at a great price,A mild smoke. One of my favorites
Amati,5 out of 5,rek,not bad not bad at all
Amati,3 out of 5,Good burn,Good burn
Amati,5 out of 5,Smooth and Mellow,This cigar is one of the best at a very reasonable price. It's smooth and even burning with a great taste comparing to the more expensive cigars. Don't miss out you wont be sorry!!!
Amati,5 out of 5,Don’t know what this means,Very good cigar
Amati,4 out of 5,Martin P,Good cigar
Amati,4 out of 5,Check this out,This is a very good cigar
Amati,5 out of 5,Amata,Very good
Amati,5 out of 5,A very good cigar. Good,A very good cigar. Good tasting cigar.
Amati,5 out of 5,These cigars are terrific! They,These cigars are terrific! They are wrapped great and the ash stays on for a minimum two inches! There is not a harsh bite but are a smooth draw.For a $2.00 cigar you can't ask for anything more.
Amati,3 out of 5,Good inexpensive smoke,"I like the slow burn with this cigar. Makes the enjoyment last longer, although the finish can warm up a bit."
Amati,5 out of 5,Ama to Churchill,"I bought several bricks recently. Great cigar for the price. Good burning, great taste, I highly recommend this cigar."
Amati,3 out of 5,Mild to medium has smooth draw,Has a good draw and burns as good as some of the higher priced cigars
Amati,3 out of 5,An average cigar,Just an average cigar. But priced right.
Amati,5 out of 5,Fine affordable cigar,"Doesn't cost an arm & a leg and delivers smooth smoke all the way down to the end. Plan on buying more. Oh, any my friends love 'em, too!"
Amati,3 out of 5,Amati,Seemed a bit dry and a bit difficult to draw in
Amati,5 out of 5,Nice and mild,Nice and mild
Amati,4 out of 5,Well made,Nice morning smoke with coffee
Amati,5 out of 5,Excellent,Best kept secret!
Amati,5 out of 5,Great smoke for a great price,"I've smoked cigars that cost over five times as much yet weren't half as good. These are great in all ways, they burn even, draw easy, and taste wonderful. I'll be back for more"
Amati,4 out of 5,Smooth,smooth
Amati,4 out of 5,"packed nicely, long filler, holds","packed nicely, long filler, holds the ash well, even burning"
Amati,5 out of 5,great smoke for the money,great smoke for the money
Amati,4 out of 5,Smooth with a slow burn,Smooth with a slow burn goes well with a glass of Evan Williams
Amati,3 out of 5,Amati,"Nice everyday cigar. Good price, average smoke."
Amati,4 out of 5,Amati Toro,"For me it is a very good cigar. I normally smoke Quorum, but tried your offer on this brand. I would change if they are continued in your selections."
Amati,4 out of 5,"cost increase is too much,","cost increase is too much, otherwise a good smoke"
Amati,5 out of 5,Great every day stick,Best Robusto Connectitcut on the market. Always a consisten draw.
Amati,5 out of 5,What a deal,A very good everyday stick. Very pleasant smoke. So pleased with this choice.
Amati,3 out of 5,Amati Toro,"Average smoke, but good for the price"
Amati,5 out of 5,great smoke,can't beat it for the money
Amati,5 out of 5,Great deal!,Good deal on cigars and very quick delivery.
Amati,4 out of 5,Good everyday stick,Enjoying these everyday cigars. Good flavour.
Amati,5 out of 5,Great Value,"Bought this on an auction. Only regret, I didn't get two boxes. Great cigar."
Amati,5 out of 5,Great anytime cigar,One of the best inexpensive cigars ive had. Great for hanging out in the garage or working in the yard and sharing with friends. Discovered these in a sampler i got and decided to try a box. So far i havnt had a problem with any of them.
Amati,3 out of 5,Amati,Quality lacking. Seams to be the norm the last few years.
Amati,4 out of 5,my review;,just a cigar..not much to say about this one
Amati,4 out of 5,Very good,Very good
Amati,3 out of 5,Fair to midland,Well.....they do burn....So that's good
Amati,5 out of 5,Very Nice Affordable Churchill,This is a favorite of mine... I've only just bought for the first time the churchill style of this cigar. It is very enjoyable and a great time to smoke.
Amati,3 out of 5,Amati Churchills,Were good for the money.
Amati,4 out of 5,Very good quality for the,"Very good quality for the price. I am looking for a Macanudo Cafe alternative that is mild, has a real Connecticut shade wrapper, and is at an affordable price. Amati Churchill gives me all three."
Amati,4 out of 5,Pretty Decent,"I was surprised by this budget-friendly cigar. It’s a pretty decent smoke. I did have to correct a couple times, but that happens with even some more expensive cigars as well. It definitely has a great, rich taste that lasts throughout the entire stick. I am glad I purchased these and won’t hesitate to get them in the future."
Amati,3 out of 5,Not a bad stick,Not my favorite. Wish my C'est La Vie favs weren't always on back order the last several times I have ordered.
Amati,4 out of 5,Amati,Consistent smooth draw. Great backyard smoke. Cannot beat this Gar for inexpensive and mild combination!
Archetype Dreamstate,5 out of 5,Great!,"Very nice well rounded smooth smoke. Draw was nice and easy, great smoke for a relaxing evening with your boys."
Archetype Sage Advice,3 out of 5,"So, So","So,So. Not impressed for the price. Easy draw, smooth and mild but not full or bold as I would have expected. Would be a good cigar to pass to a newbie."
Arganese Connecticut,4 out of 5,Its a nice light favor,Its a nice light favor cigar
Arganese Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Great Cigar
Arganese Connecticut,4 out of 5,Nice Connecticut,"I recieved a Connecticut Churchill in a sampler. It is the perfect summer cigar. Smooth,creamy, easy draw and great retrohale. To me I would call it a medium body with a mild building black pepper undertone. Nice."
Arganese Connecticut,4 out of 5,A nice cigar,A nice cigar
Arganese Connecticut,5 out of 5,Arganese,very good smoke for the price.
Arganese Connecticut,4 out of 5,Have enjoyed the cigars- as,Have enjoyed the cigars- as a beginner I think I may have chosen a inferior cutter due to more smashing than a good cut - although it is a good learning experience and how important a good cut means- all together the cigar has fulfilled my expectations with flavors- even with my bad draws!!
Arganese Connecticut,4 out of 5,Very smooth,Very smooth
Arganese Connecticut,5 out of 5,Good Cigar for the Money,"Good, everyday cigar that's not too mild"
Arganese Connecticut,3 out of 5,Joe L,Best deal ci! Stocked up enjoy these very much
Arganese Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good cigar at a fair,Good cigar at a fair price.
Arganese Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good mild cigar,Good mild cigar
Arganese Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great everyday,This is a great everyday cigar
Arganese Connecticut,4 out of 5,They were quite nice. A,"They were quite nice. A couple burned a little uneven for a short time, but a very nice smoke!"
Arganese Connecticut,4 out of 5,Mr.Piety,Find me a better cigar at this price and I'll buy it
Arganese Connecticut,4 out of 5,Argonese,Very good inexpensive cigar.
Arganese Connecticut,4 out of 5,Best Buy,Consistently good for an everyday smoke and can’t beat the price.
Arganese Connecticut,3 out of 5,OK Cigars,These typically burn well. Fairly consistent flavor. Occasional unsavory stems to deal with inside.
Arganese Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Nice setting my porch in the evening with a glass of crown
Arganese Connecticut,4 out of 5,Mild to medium good smoke,Well made and a buy for the money
Arganese Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"mellow and mild, great burning smoke and fantastic taste"
Arganese Connecticut,3 out of 5,For the money there a,For the money there a good cigar not bad
Arganese Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great cigars,Have bought these in the past and will continue to do so. They are mild and great body at a ridiculous price.
Arganese Connecticut,3 out of 5,Good for the price,"Decent smoke not a lot of flavor, but good as the second cigar. Good price."
Arganese Connecticut,4 out of 5,Arganese Connecticut -,Smooth mild smoke. Good flavor at a great price.
Arganese Connecticut,4 out of 5,Great cigar for the price,Great cigar for the price
Arganese Connecticut,3 out of 5,good stogy,"for the price these cigars have a mild to medium intensity, volumes of smoke, easy draw, even burn, taste is good will buy again. I smokem down to the label."
Arganese Connecticut,5 out of 5,Argenese any size,Best value cigar around
Arganese Connecticut,5 out of 5,Phenomenal.,Phenomenal.
Arganese Connecticut,3 out of 5,Smooth Cigars,"This is the best everyday cigar I have found. They light even, smoke smooth with a good taste. One of the better cigars in their price range."
Arganese Connecticut,4 out of 5,The rapper would split on,The rapper would split on a couple of them
Arganese Connecticut,5 out of 5,Argenese Ct. Churchill,Absolutely perfect golf course cigar. Great construction and flavor but more importantly you can leave it in cart and when you get back it is still burning.
Arganese Connecticut,4 out of 5,Smooth & Mild,This easy smoking stick is even more impressive when you consider the price. Nice burn.
Arganese Connecticut,5 out of 5,Arganese,Very good smoke. Well built and burns great.
Arganese Connecticut,4 out of 5,Great every day cigar.,Smooth even draw. Plenty of smoke. A pleasure to the end.
Arganese Connecticut,5 out of 5,"Smooth, well built, creamy Favorite of mine","One of my favorite mild cigars. but rich, very smoky, super smooth, consistent good draw and construction. If you like the Drew Estate Undercrown Shade sticks,(my top Ecuador/Connect wrapped blondie) this is close and much more affordable. I ALWAYS keep these in my Thermador !"
Arganese Connecticut,5 out of 5,argonne review,A very good inexpensive cigar. Mild and reasonably even burning. Worth a try.
Arganese Connecticut,4 out of 5,Very good for the price.,Very good for the price.
Arganese Connecticut,5 out of 5,Excellent!!,Excellent!!
Arganese Connecticut,5 out of 5,Arganese,"Easy draw, even burn, smooth taste. Good value."
Arganese Connecticut,3 out of 5,Not that empressd,Not that empressd
Arganese Connecticut,5 out of 5,Best every afternoon cigar!!!,Best every afternoon cigar!!!
Arganese Connecticut,4 out of 5,Arganese,Overall good smoke. Decent flavor. Occasionally a little burn problem. Not a deal breaker. I like them. Have smoked them before. Will do it again. These and Brocatus are my go-to.
Arganese Connecticut,5 out of 5,Argeese churchill,Good basic smoke. Well made and tasty
Arganese Connecticut,3 out of 5,Yep,Not too shabby!
Arganese Connecticut,4 out of 5,Tasty,Nice smoke for the money.
Arganese Connecticut,4 out of 5,Decent stick for the money,Burns well and even throughout. Worth the money
Arganese Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good mellow and long burning,Good mellow and long burning
Arganese Connecticut,2 out of 5,Had to throw couple out,Had to throw couple out wouldn't burn. Tobacco loose would not buy again.
Arganese Connecticut,5 out of 5,Very Good Cigar,This is a very enjoyable cigar that burns well. I will order them again
Arganese Connecticut,4 out of 5,"Very good, smooth, well constructed, smoky, mild daily at a great price. I always keep some around","Good daily smoker for the price. Well constructed, 9/10 burned consistently, mellow and mild as a connect/wrapper should be. Good draw on every stick and I smoked 15 of them. Lots of full smoke every draw. Good creamy, smooth, toasty flavor. Not spicy or full bodied but that's not the intention of it. I'm buying another bundle today. One of my favorite inexpensive, mild sticks. Try it...you'll like it ! ! LOL. Or don't, less backorders for ME !"
Arganese Habano,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"Good smoke, not for the average smokers. I’m enjoying it and I will definitely buy it again!"
Arganese Habano,5 out of 5,Best cigar for the pricr,"Been smoking these for about 5 years. My number 1 go to cigar. Consistent perfect burn every time. Will take them over cohiba or most high price brands any day,"
Arganese Habano,4 out of 5,Not bad.,"Is it the best cigar ever? No.
Is it a tasty and satisfying stick for the money? Yes."
Arganese Habano,3 out of 5,good cigar for the price,good cigar for the price
Arganese Habano,4 out of 5,This is a good everyday,"This is a good everyday cigar, not top shelf, but with CI's special price and free shipping it is a great value."
Arganese Habano,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Great quick smoke... Full of flavor.
Arganese Habano,5 out of 5,Excellent!,Good deal! For good field and it is good feel and excellent Smoke.
Arganese Habano,3 out of 5,Not a bad every day,Not a bad every day cigar for the price
Arganese Habano,5 out of 5,Nice cigar,"I was looking for an inexpensive cigar for more of a daily every now and then smoker and this one fits the build. Nice draw, decent smoke and flavor."
Arganese Habano,4 out of 5,Arganese flavor,"This was a great inexpensive daily smoke..great burn, nice flavor."
Arganese Habano,5 out of 5,Good cigar,"Kinda surprised by this one, good even burn, nice cigar while fishing and drinking a beer, would definitely buy again. Nice medium body with no bitterness almost down to the nub. Better then some more expensive sticks I’ve had."
Arganese Habano,5 out of 5,Good Smoke,Good Smoke
Arganese Habano,4 out of 5,good smoke,good smoke
Arganese Habano,4 out of 5,Great smoke,"Great burn,"
Arganese Habano,4 out of 5,A good smooth smoke with,A good smooth smoke with an easy draw and satisfying billows of smoke.
Arganese Habano,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke for the price
Arganese Habano,5 out of 5,Delicious Cigars,"good quality, nice and delicious cigars. thanks."
Arganese Habano,5 out of 5,Great Budget Habano,This is my 2nd Arganese Habano Robusto both of which I got in CI samplers and I have to say both were surprisingly excellent! Great burn & draw and the flavor was outstanding! A fantastic cigar at 3x the price but for $2.50 each they're a steal!
Arganese Habano,4 out of 5,Arganese the well kept secret.,"The Arganese Habano Toro is a great cigar. It matches well with Negra Modelo beer. The cigar is very smooth, with a taste of leather and chocolate, it's a great experience."
Arganese Habano,5 out of 5,Smokie Treats,Very nice flavor combinations. Thanks for recommending these.
Arganese Habano,4 out of 5,A got to have cigar,"I bought them to give to friends and to save my good cigars. I smoked one and in the beginning it was hard to described the harsh taste, after a few minutes it was one of the best tasting cigars in my humidor. I've ordered them 3 times and will continue."
Arganese Habano,5 out of 5,Good medium-bodied daily treat,Nice daily smoke with medium body and medium intensity. Notes of nuts some dried fruit mix with a light pepper and wood flavors. Relatively easy 40 minute daily smoke.
Arganese Habano,4 out of 5,Smooth burn,Nice cigar med. strength not to strong good every day smoke
Arganese Habano,3 out of 5,Arganese cigars,"For the $ , this was worth the money , not a Cigar to give a friend . Perfect for a quiet smoke with a morning cup of coffee ."
Arganese Habano,3 out of 5,Good smoke,Everyday cigar. Affordable
Arganese Habano,5 out of 5,highly recommend it,highly recommend it
Arganese Habano,4 out of 5,Suprised,"I've smoked this Arganese before and took a chance with this one, only because the discription said Long Fillers. Not Blended."
Arganese Habano,4 out of 5,Good everyday stick,"Pretty smooth for the daily stick man at a good price, tasted good with an easy finish, only issue was a few of them the leaves started coming unwrapped"
Arganese Habano,4 out of 5,Good cheap smoke. I will,Good cheap smoke. I will buy these Everytime they are on sale.
Arganese Habano,5 out of 5,Nice,Great value
Arganese Habano,4 out of 5,better than average daily smoke,most were well built and smoked fine. no weird taste.
Arganese Habano,4 out of 5,cgars,good cigars for the prce.
Arganese Habano,5 out of 5,Good value,"Nice, tight wrap, even burning, easy and consistent draw. Good taste."
Arganese Habano,4 out of 5,Arganese Habano,"Can’t beat these cigars for an everyday cigars ,good volume of smoke and no bitter aftertaste. This was not my first time buying Arganese cigars and it won’t be the last."
Arganese Habano,4 out of 5,Nice cigar,"Good burn, flavor, quite a nice value for the money!"
Arganese Habano,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,"Pleased with the taste and burn for an inexpensive cigar
Would recommend"
Arganese Habano,5 out of 5,They were great. Thanks Alex,"They were great. Thanks
Alex"
Arganese Habano,4 out of 5,Well worth the money great,Well worth the money great for the golf course
Arganese Habano,4 out of 5,Argonese Habano,"Very tasty stick, always a good burn, nice medium to full flavor. Great for the price!!"
Arganese Habano,3 out of 5,Good for a work smoke,Good for a work smoke will buy it again.
Arganese Habano,5 out of 5,keep these on hand,"I have got these a few times now and they are good and smooth, they burn clean every time and have a medium flavor."
Arganese Habano,5 out of 5,Great taste and burns even.,Great taste and burns even. An enjoyable smoke.
Arganese Habano,5 out of 5,Great smoke,These are really great
Arganese Habano,4 out of 5,Arganese toro and Churchill,It’s on the stronger side. Well made and nice draw. Toro is the better size as the Churchill gets bitter towards the end
Arganese Habano,4 out of 5,Arganese,"A fine smoke , and excellellt VFM ."
Arganese Habano,5 out of 5,They was a gift.. he,They was a gift.. he absolutely loved them
Arganese Habano,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Arganese Habano,5 out of 5,Arganese stays in the win box,My idea of a great cigar delivering taste from long filler choice leaves.
Arganese Habano,4 out of 5,Nice,Nice
Arganese Habano,5 out of 5,Daily Smoke,"perfect daily cigar. price is right. smoke fine, decent ash. nice taste"
Arganese Il Mezzo,4 out of 5,Good quick smoke,Good flavor in a small package.
Arganese Il Mezzo,5 out of 5,Candy!,Scored 60 of these on the sister site. They are absolutely candy! Perfect 15 min cigar.
Arganese Il Mezzo,5 out of 5,Great cigars,"Great little cigars, I would buy them again."
Arganese Il Mezzo,5 out of 5,GREAT!,Just as a thought! Awesome and Fiesty smoke!
Arganese Maduro,4 out of 5,Good flavor,Good flavor
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,Arganese Maduro Churchill,"Quite nice flavor, a little peppery but pleasing. Nice even burn."
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,Nice short smoke. Punches well,Nice short smoke. Punches well above it's price!
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,Good flavor,Very satisfying smoke
Arganese Maduro,4 out of 5,Smokem if you gottem,"I enjoyed smoking this cigar, good flavor from start to finish."
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,Good every day smoke,Good every day smoke
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,Love these,My husband absolutely love the taste of these cigars. I also like the smell of them
Arganese Maduro,3 out of 5,Good every day cigars,Good every day cigars
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar. Burns well and puts off a decent amount of smoke. Will buy again.
Arganese Maduro,4 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,Arganese,Good cigar. Well made
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,Arganese,Really like the Arganese especially the mildness and the taste. Great but for the price!
Arganese Maduro,4 out of 5,Not bad after all!,"When I first received my bundle of these, they looked a little rough in construct, and the first 2 or 3 I smoked were disappointing. But, I had a fourth and then a fifth and I realized that these were decent cigars! They burn well, at least 30 mins. or more, put out a nice volume of tasty smoke, and have a decent chocolaty and spicy, peppery taste! I guess I would buy more, as I thought they'd sit in my humi forever and now I'm going thru them!"
Arganese Maduro,4 out of 5,Strong Pepper Flavor,"This is a strong black pepper, bitter tasting cigar and no other flavors could I find it.. It burns and draws well. If you like pepper you will like this cigar for the price."
Arganese Maduro,4 out of 5,Nice and affordable,"Earthy and leathery, good smoke, nice price"
Arganese Maduro,4 out of 5,Good cigars at a good price. Must try!!,Good burn and nice taste through out. Definitely a must try especially for a beginner like myself.
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,Great flavor& construction. 😉😎,Got one of these in a sampler. I'm very impressed with the flavor and construction of this cigar. This one of the best low cost maduro smokes I've had. It just nice to light a smoke up and not have to fight with it. Perfect smoke to enjoy a cup of coffee with. Will definitely find a place in one of my humidors for this little darling. Thanks again CI!!
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,A reliable everyday cigar.,"This is my go to smoke. I have found them to be relatively consistent in construction, flavor profile and burn rate. First time buying the Churchills. I'm slightly more of a fan of the Toros, but would recommend either."
Arganese Maduro,4 out of 5,Tremendous Nicaraguan Maduro medium to full,"Reminds me of the Jaime Garcia reserve especial for
Half the price . Consistent all the way through"
Arganese Maduro,4 out of 5,A good cigar for the money,"These are good cigars. This last order, however, came with a bunch of very dry cigars and the wrapper was unraveling. That has never happened before. As a rule, I have found Arganese cigars to be very good."
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"Burns great, right flavor. Good length of burn"
Arganese Maduro,4 out of 5,Great smoke for a decent,Great smoke for a decent price
Arganese Maduro,3 out of 5,Good for the money,"While a good buy, they sure do burn fast.
Pleasant tasting and a worthwhile purchase but because of the burn rate I can’t tell my friends to buy them."
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,Great,"Surprisingly great, I've had 2 so far and they have a perfect burn and draw. I will be buying more. Truly a must try."
Arganese Maduro,4 out of 5,Good Smoke,A pretty fair every day smoke.
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,Arganese Maduro,"Dark, mild, decent burn and a good price. Just buy some and give them a try."
Arganese Maduro,4 out of 5,Best bundle cigar for the money period,This is without a doubt one of the best bundled cigars out there. I bought drew e states factory smoke garbage . Arganese is king of bundled smokes. Been smoking them for years don't no why I left them. Going to order some bundled for sure
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,Great value for a great sick,Stout cigar with a full flavor. Excellent value
Arganese Maduro,3 out of 5,My daily,This is a good everyday stick.
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,great bang for the buck,"Love these for sharing on the golf course or relaxing around the fire pit in the evening. Great burn and the flavor lasts right through to the end. I don't, however, recommend taking them to the desert. I spent a week in the SoCal desert and the dry air sucked the moisture right out of the wrapper and binder leaving me to constantly pulling bits of dried leaves off my smoke. At first I thought I had a bad pack, but once I got back home to Long Island the cigars I left home smoked just as well as always. Lesson learned. Thanks CI for always keeping these in stock."
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,"Consistently good smoke. More importantly,","Consistently good smoke. More importantly, a great value"
Arganese Maduro,4 out of 5,Solid everyday smoke performer,"Good flavor, properly humidified they stay together well. Only 1 in the last bundle that I had to throw away because my eyeballs popped out of my head when I tried to draw in. I've been buying these for a couple years now."
Arganese Maduro,3 out of 5,Great everyday cigar at a,Great everyday cigar at a very reasonable price.
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,Awesome,Awesome
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,Arganese,"Good taste, great value."
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,Since I switched to the,Since I switched to the torpedo with a 52 ring size I enjoy them even more
Arganese Maduro,4 out of 5,Arganese Maduro,"This cigar really rocks. The long filler makes for a nice draw. The Maduro wrapper makes for a good smoke. Keep these babies in stock, good every day cigar. THANK YOU"
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,Awesome,Awesome
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,A+,"I got the Maduro in a sampler, I smoked it last because it was the cheapest smoke in the sampler, but it was by far my favorite. Great taste, great construction, tasty enough for dinner, but mild enough for breakfast. Loved it."
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,Arganese Maduro,This is by far one of my favorite daily's. So don't know body buy any!
Arganese Maduro,4 out of 5,Good everyday cigar with full,Good everyday cigar with full body and great flavor.
Arganese Maduro,4 out of 5,Good every day smoke,This is pretty much my everyday smoke cheap good what's not to love about him
Arganese Maduro,4 out of 5,Arganese,"These have become a favorite daily smoke of mine. Always well constructed, tasty, and a great price!"
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,The Mann,"Easy draw, nice even burn, sweet chocolate maduro. Love it"
Arganese Maduro,4 out of 5,Arganese maduro churchhill,"All the main qualities score good- even burn, cuts without ""dry-shatter"", drawing end stays together without spitting out pieces of tobacco (I call the bad ones ""spitters""), doesn't get ""raunchy"" at the finish. Good for the price."
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,Argonese cigars,"Very good cigar , smooth
Brad"
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Cigar For The Price,"Can’t beat the price for these cigars!
Great taste, not to strong just right!"
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth
Arganese Maduro,4 out of 5,nice and mild,nice and mild
Arganese Maduro,3 out of 5,Good value,Nice everyday cigar at a bargain.
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,Chateau,My go to cigar for early in the day!
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,My new favorite cigar,"This cigar is so well constructed that it holds the ash better than any cigar I've had. If you try to flick the ash before it's ready, it doesn't want to break off, so you have to let it burn long. Nice..."
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,Royal Salute a no brainer,No worries with these. Grab one and light it up. One of the best rolled cigars out there. Consistent construction from stick to stick. Light it once and enjoy. I’ve been smoking these for decades and they never disappoint.
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,4 out of 5,arturo fuente double chateau,mildly disappointed. the cigars do not burn evenly.
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,4 out of 5,Its a Fuente....that means its,Its a Fuente....that means its good
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,Nice size in the length and ring. It had a good draw. One of my favs! It is about a 2 hour smoke.
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,tip of cap,no confusion one same goodness as next on and on till i have to re-order
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,4 out of 5,"Great cigar for the money, short enough for a quick cigar","Perfect size, burns even , nice mild cigar. Quality cigar and a good price."
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,Arturo Fuente Chateau Maduro,Cigars were fresh and properly packaged for shipping. Very smooth cigar about a 1 hour burn time. I enjoy these in the evenings after dinner sipping bourbon.
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,Arturo Fuentes,Great smoke good service
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Love these cigars
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,4 out of 5,Very nice even blend with,Very nice even blend with awesome burn time
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,A fine smooth even burning cigar,"Like the madero best, burns even with a long ash"
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,Arturo Fuente - Robusto,"A fantastic smoke, great aroma and taste. I can’t stop!!!"
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,4 out of 5,A good cigar for around $6.00 ea.,I try to smoke Dominican tobacco. These cigars fit the bill.
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,They were exactly what my,They were exactly what my husband wanted. Great price too.
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,One of my favorites!,"The AF Maduro is one of the mildest, yet full of flavor Maduros I've had. If you enjoy rich flavor without being overwhelmed by strength, this is the smoke for you."
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,Best cigar ever!,"Perfect size, outstanding flavor and value!"
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,Perfecto!,"An excellent go-to maduro choice, would buy again!"
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,Chateau Bow-Wow,"Great cigar overall. The draw, burn, and consistent flavor from start to finish put this mild to medium cigar in my ""Top 10"" list (a combination of taste, price, quality, and brand name awareness). Just a great smoke that never gets old."
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,outstanding,another winner from Fuente
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,great cigar good price,great cigar good price
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,SJN,"My favorite cigar, I enjoy seeding boxes to friends as gifts."
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,Arturo Fuente Royal Salute Maduro,Never disappointed with this cigar. Great smoke for the price. Keep these in my humidor at all times. Recommend to every Maduro lover!
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,great value,"I buy one box of cigars a month, so it is important they are good quality and a consistent smoke. This is what I get with Arturo Fuente every time. Never a bad smoke. The flavor profile is great and right on every time. Can you ask for more?"
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,4 out of 5,To the nub,Ran through a box of 858 and found myself wishing it wasn't over when I was down to the nub. Went for the longer version here and am enjoying immensely. Very creamy smoke with good construction. Will purchase again.
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,Great cigat,Outstanding cigar for the $$$
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,Dbl Chateau,As usual this cigar doesn't disappoint!
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,great cigar,great cigar
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,4 out of 5,"Good cigar, but expected more.....","This cigar is consistent with the quality expected from Fuente. However, wasn't as much ""flavor"" as I expected. Still a top-of-the line smoke."
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,Fuente,Very smooth. Enjoyed the 5 pack. Well worth the cost and will buy again.👍
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,Double Chateau Cigars-Arturo Fuente,These are mild to medium cigars that smoke evenly and give you a good sense of flavor with a constant burn. They are perfect for a round of golf or sitting around a camp fire!
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,Tried and True,AF is always a good smooth and delicious smoke!
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,Arturo Fuente Double Chateau,"I loved it. It smoked well, and stayed lit the entire time. Most of them I smoked down to the nub. Great cigar."
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,Smooth but full bodied; consistent.,Smooth but full bodied; consistent. Great cigar.
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,It was a gift for,It was a gift for someone
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,Love it all summer,Great summer smoke with beer or red wine
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,Very good cigars,I like the Arturo Fuente cigars; very good cigars
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,My most favorite to date!,I've become a little bit of a snob and this is my favorite cigar to date.
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,Great smooth smoke,I had one last night and it was great. Always a smooth smoke and great construction.
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,4 out of 5,Good light cigar,Been buying these for years. Some burn better than others.
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,"WELL, THEY WHERE A PARTY GIFT.",EVERYONE LOVED THEM!!!
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Bought these for my daughters wedding reception. Always a crowd pleaser and great smoke !
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"taste was flawless from start to finish, draw was fine it just seemed for a big cigar that it would have burned for more than 70 minutes."
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,A good cigar to keep on hand when several friends stop by,Nice. The price is really good.
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,4 out of 5,My new go to cigar,"Enjoy this cigar, from the start. Haven't been smoking too long, 18 months. Tried several types, this one is my new friend."
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,Raymond White - Project Manager,great
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,A fuente Chateau maduro robusto,Great cigar at a great price ....medium flavour with a slight nutty taste ...My everyday go to cigar
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,nice,nice
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,"Great smoke. Love the flavor and aroma. You can never go wrong with a Fuente cigar. Great value when buying from CI, too."
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Good Smoke,Good Smoke
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,enjoyable smoke,Nice tasting and enjoyable smoke of quality construction. Very nice after dinner.
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Very good cigar. Smooth and,Very good cigar. Smooth and great flavor
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Love at first puff!,I first purchased these at Sosa cigar shop while on vacation in Orlando. It was my first time trying a Fuente cigar and I’ve never fell in love with a cigar as fast I did with this one. I finished a box of these in a month and have never had a bad experience. The draw is always nice and the burn is just right. I always keep a box of these Fuentes stocked in my humidor.
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,"A true ""KICK BACK CIGAR!""",Great flavored and even burning. One of my top five cigars for the price!
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,"Top shelf,top quality in all areas!",I just bought a couple of the Sungrown Cuban Belicosos from a local B&M and I'm blown away by the quality of these.My firsts since I started smoking cigars in 1983-better late than never.I'm ordering a box of two from C.I.very soon!!!
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Reliable,Arturo Fuente has never let me down. The robustos are small but they burn slow. My first box
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Arturo Fuente Sun Grown Chateau,"My favorite cigar. Always even burn, even if you light it wrong. Good cigar for a long walk. can go wrong with this one."
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Consistent good quality,These are my go-to smokes for the last couple of years. Aroma is good and thr draw consistent.
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Arturo Fuente Sun Grown Queen B,"Long time fan of the Sun Grown line (Cuban Beli). This is everything one expects from Fuente: rich,flavorful cigars, great construction, a perfect draw. This should be a mainstay in everyone’s humidor."
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Arturo Fuente Sun Grown,"I really enjoy this cigar. Full flavor without being strong, quality tobacco wrapper leaf and well made. It is one of my favorites now. And the service from Cigars Int'l is great; 5 stars also."
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,wonderful flavor notes,One of my all time favorite smoking pleasures.
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Arturo. Fuente,I like all the Arturo Fuente I prefer DOUBLE CHATUE SUN GROWN .they must be liked by a lot they are BACKORDERED alot
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Great Value,This cigar is a “must try” and has good flavor with a consistent smoothness. They burn evenly and last the entire back nine on the golf course. A great value for the money.
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Arturo Fuente,Great smoke! Good flavor and excellent draw. A favorite!
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,🎉,🎉
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,great cigar,great cigar
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Good first box,"My first box. Some of them didn't age quite right and had a funny aftertaste, but over all quite excellent. Tightly wrapped; slow burning; easy, cool pull; rich"
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,well done,well done
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,2 out of 5,Poor burn resulting in bad taste,"I have had this box in my humidor for several months, smoking maybe 2 or 3 cigars a week. They feel right, look terrific, but burn horribly. They want to “tunnel” which leaves the wrapper and binder untouched and alters the taste which isn’t that good when it is just the meat. At the same time if you wish to keep it lit you have to draw on it constantly. Yet this is one of Fuentes highest rated cigars. Didn’t think smoking cigars was that complicated but I must be doing something wrong."
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,3 out of 5,I was disappointed with the,I was disappointed with the wrappers on these cigars. Smoke was fine but the wrappers where veiny and looked like seconds?!!
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Solid cigar,"Nice mellow creamy cigar. It's got a little of everything, chocolate, caramel, leather, nuts, etc. Burn great too."
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Sun Grown,Double Chateau Sun Grown Fuentes are always a smooth draw and good flavor to me. Wrapper doesn't flake and we are dry here in the desert. Fuentes are my cigar of choice with a nice glass of scotch.
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,SUn grown Cuban Belacoa,Excellant smoke fuente product high quality
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,FABULOUS,"Tried these for the first time, exactly what I expected, what a perfect cigar, in every way ! Mark M. from Vermont"
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,OMG!,"What a great smoke! Consistent throughout. Nice ash, burns fairly evenly. Nice flavor all the way down. I'll be buying more!"
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,The BEST CIGAR I have ever tasted. Not the most expensive but the BEST!,"I have been smoking cigars for a number of years now since I stopped smoking cigarettes. My new boss at work turned me on to the Arturo Fuentes and I discovered the sun growns. This is HEAD AND SHOULDERS the best cigar I have ever tasted. I can afford to buy more expensive cigars however THIS is the best cigar I have ever tasted. Buy one and enjoy the sweetness and cedar of this amazing stick. Honest, you will be thanking me once you have tried one. AMAZING!"
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,4 out of 5,i love it,great smoke!!!!!!
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,nice,very smooth
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Perfect after dinner smoke
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke smooth flavorful and even burn
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,When you have the time for a novel not just a short story,I bought a box on a whim. I love the short stories for those moments that you only have 30 minutes or less to finish up. I thought that these would be great for a more laid back and less rushed experience. Man was I right. The sweetness on the finish is phenomenal and the spice in the retrohale is magnificent. I found myself neglecting my bourbon for a long draw from this jewel of a cigar. The construction was flawless on every stick in the box. There is nothing to report but satisfaction from start to finish. I highly recommend this cigar!
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Cigars always fresh and delivered,Cigars always fresh and delivered within 2-3days
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Nice long smoke,"The Royal Salute is not my first choice of the Arturo Fuente Sungrown, so I was quite surprised with the cigar. They are smooth and complex. The box were consistent which is what I'm always looking for in a brand I enjoy. I intend to buy more and will always recommend to anyone that enjoy quality cigars."
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Royale Salute,It's one of my favorite cigars.
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Perfect little smoke,Love these cigars.
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Always great,"My cigars we received fresh, in a timely manner and ready to smoke."
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Great,A Fuentes are my favorite cigars. Never had a bad one.
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,3 out of 5,They were a tad bit,They were a tad bit dried out.
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Amazing!!,"Great selection, Great service. I love it!!"
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,A very good consistent smoke,"Over the years I have tried many cigars. I always go back to Fuente because of their consistent quality. Easy draw, lots of flavor, and never disappoints."
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,3 out of 5,Uneven burning,A very nice smoke but have had several burn just down one side. Nasty result.
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Never lets me down,"Honestly, I've never had a bad phone today. And the price of cigars international makes them affordable three or four times a week"
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,1 out of 5,A rare AF slip,"I opened my box to take that first whiff of tobacco and cedar. Instead, I got a terrible plastic chemical smell that was coming from the plastic tray under the sticks. The cello wrappers smelled so bad I wouldn't put them in the humi, nevermind smoking one. CI gladly took them back at no cost to me, so kudos there. I trust this was a rare slip on AF's part."
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Full bodied,Full bodied
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Arturo Fuente Sun Grown Cuban Belicoso,"I typically smoke full cigars but every now and then a break is nice. The AF Sun Grown is a medium smoke (almost too mild for me) that needs a little humidor time in order to really shine. That brings out a nice, flavorful smoke. I'm not good at describing flavors and such so all I can say is I really enjoy this cigar."
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Fresh,"First, as usual, your service and delivery were terrific.
Second, I usually have to pre-humidify cigars before putting them in my humidor. This time, everything was nice and fresh (despite the fact that they were delivered by parcel carrier on a 102-deg day, and his truck was clearly like an oven!). When I tired to pre-humidify, hygrometer didn't budge a percent; I was able to place them right into my humidor and it remained stable.
Niiiiiiiice, Y'all!"
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Great Cigar!,These are really nice full bodied cigars at a good price.
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,love it,love it
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Quick and Accurate,Received my box of cigars quickly and in great condition.
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,3 out of 5,Expected much better!,Not what I expected. When I pay for a premium cigar I expect exceptional flavor. Not the case here. The first draw was sharp and bitter. It took over half the off the smoke for it to mellow out. The construction itself was poor. With an uneven burn that needed constant attention. I’m hoping it was a fluke and the next one will be better.
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,What a Great Cigar !!,This cigar has to rank in anyone's top 3 ! Only Padron 1926 ranks better and is every bit equal to what the Garcia's roll. Don Carlos #4 will always be in my Rotation !
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Good Smoke,Quality from beginning to end. Worthy of a try if it is your first smoke or if it is your millionth.
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,"This cigar was extremely smooth with tasty notes of brown sugar, nutmeg, and a little cinnamon. I think this will be great in the fall time because the resemblance of pumpkin pie! The aroma is also very pleasant! Although pretty pricey, I would definitely recommend the 5 pack."
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,4 out of 5,Maybe the best AF,"This is my go to, nice body and great pull."
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Always sold out for a reason.,"Simply excellent. Enjoying one right now, and it doesn't disappoint."
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,my absolute favorite don carlos,my absolute favorite don carlos
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Alberto Fuente don carlos,"Bsd. Excellent medium bodied cigar. Perfect in every way.
Todd Meister"
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,A. Fuente Don Carlos,Best Cigar there is
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Flavorful but not overpowering,Great cigar. Not a powerhouse but firmly in the middle of the road which is where you have to be to win cigar of the year. A consistent flavorful smoke which you will want to smoke until you burn your fingers. And well priced considering its pedigree.
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,1 out of 5,Pure Junk,"Pure Junk
Second Don Carlos fired up. Unbelievably horrible. How could this cigar ever get out of the factory. I am an experienced cigar smoker that stores them correctly, lights them correctly and knows more about cigars than the average trendy dude that thinks lighting up a cigar is cool. Always been a fan of Fuente since meeting the family at a Big Smoke in Beverly Hills many years ago. Their quality sucks and obviously they have lost a sense of pride and accomplishment. Please pass on my thoughts to the Fuente team. They have been passed up by newer generations of makers (Drew Estate for one). I would love to send photos of the trash they are producing, but as a pretty decent customer, please let them know that at least one cigar connoisseur will tell all how they now produce junk - pure junk."
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Top of the line,The best of the best what can I say.
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,One of the best,Awesome cigar. Cant afford for every day smoke. Love these I give a 10 out of 10 rating
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,GRAND SLAM,Outstanding. A treat anytime of day
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Excellant right out of the box,"You get what you pay for with these sticks , Im glad to have a box of these in my stash! Great Smoke, Even Burn, and flavor from one end to the other, the only bad part is when your fingers are on fire (because there’s nothing left to smoke) and you have to put it out ! LOVE EM” !!"
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Arturo Fuente Don Carlos Presidente,Purchased for a friend who sgared with our aficionado group. Beautiful smoke from beginning to end. Well deserved top rating.
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,1 out of 5,Going to be returning :-),Harsh. I was really looking forward to them.
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar elegantly packaged,"Well worth the cost, Arturo Fuentes don Carlos are one of the best on the market"
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Fuente Don Carlos #3,I can always count on the Arturo Fuente brand to deliver a quality product and the Don Carlos #3 is no exception. A great smoke any and every time.
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,"Their great, no stems a","Their great, no stems a real good 😊 smoke.🤐⚓️"
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,4 out of 5,Ok,These smokes were ok. They didn't produce enough smoke for me and the draw was very tight. Those two characteristics are important to me.
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,AF Don Carlos,Excellent cigar....
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent fresh cigars and great service as usual
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Best ever!,The Don Carlos will nearly smoke itself until your fingerprints are burned off! Nothing less than wonderful.
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Smoke with a soul,The AF DC is a joy to smoke as a change of pace and when you are in a deep thoughtful mood or just need to destress in a big way.
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Wow,Perfect enjoyment.
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Arturo Fuente Don Carlos #3,"Great smoke, smooth right to the end."
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,One of my favorite cigars. Great taste and even burn. Plus you don't need an hour to enjoy this finely crafted cigar. Highly recommended.
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Great Cigars,"Always, well rapped, great taste, just a fine cigar"
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,2 out of 5,Arturo Fuente's Don Carlos Presidente - ALMOST Always Rules,"Typically one of my favorite cigars. it is fabulous but I am writing a review of the last box that I bought. Totally wrapped like a third grader was wrapping them. there were multiple breaches in the leaf and literally had smoke coming out the side of the cigar as I smoked it. I want to be clear, I WILL order these again, but I was very disappointed with this box."
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Consistently fine smoke,"I have never been disappointed with the Arturo Fuente Don Carlos Robusto, It is a main stay in my humidor."
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,3 out of 5,Decent Smoke,"This is an enjoyable number with good consistency, and quality. I guess the reason I don't give this a 4 star is I am too used to smoking Cuban Gran Reserva, and Limited Editions. In my opinion I think these Cigars are severely over priced, but they are a decent smoke."
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Top notch quality!,Superb flavor and strength from a very well constructed premium cigar!
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,1 out of 5,Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,Very pedestrian and not worth the high price tag. Construction and burn were great but I was expecting more flavor and aroma. Their standard line is a better value.
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,As I expected,A great cigar
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Excellent,This is now my favorite AF. Excellent!
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Disappointed,Cigars were dry. Called your customer service center and they did NOTHING about it. Very disappointed.
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Great with a spirit.,In my humble opinion this is a great cigar after dinner when you are kicked back at the end of the day with a spirit from Moonrise Distillery.
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,2 out of 5,Not worth the price,Only half of the box was any good. Only a few lived up to expectation.
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Was given one from a,Was given one from a friend at a golf outing dinner. My first Fuente. After that sitting I ordered them on line I like it so much.
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,1 out of 5,did not like,did not like
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Special smoke,I received the #2 Belicoso as a gift on Father's Day. What gift! Quality is as expected. Strong robust flavor yet mild in strength. I save these for weekends with a fine whiskey
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,"Great cigar, great even burn,","Great cigar, great even burn, enjoyed immensely! Wish cigars came with humi-pak."
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,This is great cigar,couple weeks back and I got to tell you this is probably one of the best cigars I've ever smoked. the cigar had a great taste and a great flavor throughout the entire cigar. I recommend you keep a couple of these in the humidor if you are one to enjoy a good cigar now and then.
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,great smoke,great smoke
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Great smoke!!,I really enjoyed this cigar. One of my favorites
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,4 out of 5,good smokes,Really consistent.
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,3 out of 5,stale cigars,"Disappointed with the cigars, they were stale and the wrapper was peeling off. I bought these before and like them but these must have been thrown in the back of the warehouse"
Arturo Fuente God of Fire by Carlito,4 out of 5,Very nice cigar,Very nice cigar
Arturo Fuente God of Fire by Carlito,5 out of 5,God of fire @cigar,Best of the best Dominicans ever. Never smoked anything but Nicaraguan until I tried these....smooth and tremendous flavor..
Arturo Fuente God of Fire by Carlito,5 out of 5,Great cigars,Worth the extra money
Arturo Fuente God of Fire by Carlito,4 out of 5,Great cigar,Really a great cigar however I do feel it's a big overpriced. I'm always tempted to buy another box but when I see the price I end up backing down. Almost worth the price but not quite IMO. I'm sure I'll get more someday.
Arturo Fuente God of Fire by Carlito,4 out of 5,Great smokes,"Saved these for a treat to share with some friends. We broke them out this weekend. They are great cigars. Very flavorful, beautiful burn. I think the aging, and the additional age (these are 2011s), has mellowed them the way a good wine mellows with age. So they weren't as full-bodied as I expected them to be."
Arturo Fuente God of Fire by Carlito,5 out of 5,The best,The best cigars in The world
Arturo Fuente God of Fire by Carlito,5 out of 5,God of Fire B Series,This my go to smoke. It hit all of my favorite notes.
Arturo Fuente God of Fire by Carlito,5 out of 5,An amazing smoke,I actually prefer the series b God of Fire's but sometimes you have to go for the original. Better than 99.99% of the cigars out there.
Arturo Fuente God of Fire by Carlito,5 out of 5,Great Cigars!!,"Great service, quick delivery, and great cigars! I will be ordering them again soon."
Arturo Fuente God of Fire by Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Best product I've bought in a long time,I been smoking cigars for 16 years and I must say this cigar was the best I ever had I mean the best
Arturo Fuente God of Fire by Don Carlos,5 out of 5,sticks,Great sticks with lots of flavor!!!
Arturo Fuente God of Fire by Don Carlos,5 out of 5,The real deal,Like no other Fuente...full of flavor. The best Dominican ever.
Arturo Fuente God of Fire by Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Heavenly smoke,God of fire cigars are the real deal. Much better than opus etc. smooth and FULL of flavor. Can’t miss with this or the Carlito
Arturo Fuente God of Fire by Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Everything you expect in a God,"The Fuentes family does nothing that isn't excellent, these Robustos are in that category. Flavorful and rich throughout the length, well wrapped and clean burning all the way down. A premium cigar."
Arturo Fuente God of Fire by Don Carlos,5 out of 5,don carlos double robusto,a wonderful top of the line a good hour of joy
Arturo Fuente God of Fire by Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Best I've had.,"Bought these after a buddy gave me one. Hands down the best cigar I have tried. Had to get some for myself. These were as good, if not better."
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,A longtime favorite.,"A bit on the homely side construction wise, but dependably good at a great price. I always smoke them down to the nub."
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Very nice cigar.!,"I love these cigars particularly because they come with three of my favorite wrappers, Maduro, Cameroon and Sun grown. This review is for the Corona Imperial Maduro. Well constructed, even burn, a grayish-white and lots of flavor. Black pepper the most prevalent. I'd highly recommend this cigar."
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,4 out of 5,Great smokes,Great smokes
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Great little smoke,Love these!!
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Great little treats,Enjoy these Cubanitos while cooking. Great short smoke with tons of flavor. Recommend!
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Arturo Fuentes Candela,"Excellent cigar, extremely smooth, great with coffee in the morning."
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Arturo in the Desert,Smooth and tasty!
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Perfect one,"Very good cigar, smooth and tasty"
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Summer Evening Cigar,Summer Evening Cigar
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Arturo Fuente Canones,Love these Cigars 👍
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Meet your need,This is by far my favorite. Hard to come by but this will not disappoint.
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Enjoying,Not too heavy and not too light. Right for me.
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,4 out of 5,The smoke is great but,The smoke is great but the wrapper comes loose and flakes during the last third of the cigar.
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Perfect for me.,"Even burn, nice draw, great taste!"
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar. Very smooth,Excellent cigar. Very smooth
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Great Cigars!,The Arturo Fuente Churchill’s were fabulous!
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,4 out of 5,A great choice for a medium taste,"A nice tasting cigar, ease draw and stays lit nicely. I would highly recommend."
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"Best after dinner cigar I've had
Well built and consistent taste"
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Impressed!,"Very nice draw, fantastic flavor! Not the prettiest cigar I've ever seen, but for the price! Can't beat it! Will buy again! First smoke after less than a day in my humidor, I'm very impressed! I know they will get better with seasoning and rest in my humidors!"
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Fuente Cubanitos,Great flavor for a petit-sized cigar!
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,4 out of 5,Good stick,Just what you would expect from a Fuente but smaller
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,8-5-8 is one fine smoke.!,"I've always enjoyed a Cameroon wrapper. This one is not a disappointment. It was flavorful and consist, as was the entire cigar. Burn was even with a long white ash. Since the 8-5-8 is so popular it hardly needs my recommendation, however I wholeheartedly recommend it.!"
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Finally,I've been waiting a long time for these cigars to get back in stock. They're as good as ever! Glad the wait is over.
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,4 out of 5,Simple smoke,"Years ago I smoked this cigar. It was affordable, available and a good 45 minute smoke. Thought I'd try it again for nostalgia's sake. Still good."
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Can't go wrong,Always a great burn.
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Great Smoke!,Great smoke! Burns and draws perfectly.
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,I’m No Connoisseur... but these are very enjoyable,"I like a mild, long lasting enjoyable cigar and these hit the mark. Good size, wrapped well for a good draw. I’ll be getting many more of these for sure."
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,4 out of 5,First time for the green,First time for the green wrapper. Nice smoke
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,A long enjoyable smoke with a nice buzz!,"This was second Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva and it was a smooth smoke. I enjoyed my cigar with a few friends and this cigar lasted over 2 1/2 hours. The last half-inch was a bit warm, I used a golf tee to hold the end. Looking forward to another!"
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Big Kahuna,"What an I say, great cigar!!!!"
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,4 out of 5,Fuente cigar brand.,"I bought at CI a box of Churchill 7.2 x 48 Cameroon wrapper. Its nice to count on stability pertaining cigars brands. Arturo Fuente stand on in the consistent delivers of good tobacco leaves. Roll, draw, burn are extremely well cover at the Fuente cigars brand. These Churchill is a flavorful medium smoke."
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,great smoke,very good smoke
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,4 out of 5,curly head,not bad at all
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Great price on a great cigar!,Got my favorite cigars at an unbeatable price and received them really fast. Couldn’t b happier!
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Good brand,Good brand
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Nice cigar with balanced flavor,Nice cigar with balanced flavor that is a pleasant 20 minute smoke.
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Worth the wait,Worth the wait
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,4 out of 5,Smooth and Easy ride along.,This is a nice every day smoke at a low price.
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Mini Go To,These little gems are perfect when you want a quick smoke or are pinched for time! Great flavor! Just like the real thing in a time shortened package! Well worth it!
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,AF,Great cigar.
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Great Cigars,One of my Favs
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,4 out of 5,Nice daily smoke,Great smoke especially with the price. Just wish you could keep in stock
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,excellent,one of the best cigars every made ….not sure why these are NOT listed & Advertised in your catolog
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Just great!,Just great!
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Great Cigars,Excellent Cigars at a very good price. Keep to good deals rolling CI!!!!!
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Arturo Fuente Cuban Corona,Smooth smoke!
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Yummy,Good cigars you remember the first one you've had this is one of them
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,4 out of 5,Food mild cigar,I enjoyed this mild cigar on the golf course and after dinner
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,"Excellent cigar, enjoy on our","Excellent cigar, enjoy on our deck and while golfing."
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Fantastic cigar and customer service!,Excellent construction and rich warm flavor. Absolutely love it. Big shout out to Janie (sp? I had some trouble hearing) in customer service. After my first shipment was somehow lost in the UPS to USPS hand off (not CIs fault) she got a new shipment out with no hassle to me at all. Great service!
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Forgotten gem?,AF Hemmingway series is fairly affordable high end cigar. All sizes always deliver.
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Good,Good
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,"Great, consistent cigar","Great, consistent cigar"
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,"Arturo Fuente Hemingway Signature,",One of my favorites
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Hemingway short story is not at all short in quality,"Great small cigar. Consistent quality, the draw has always been easy and the burn is even. Nice white smoke cloud with great flavor and aroma. 1 thing. I use to order 5 at a time, but the availability is limited and often not available at all. This is a true limited production cigar. If you like them my advice is to get them when you can. I now order by the 25 count box"
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Outstanding,Outstanding
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,"You can't go wrong with any Fuente stick. These are a couple notches above the ""standard"" line."
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,"A great cigar for conversation, bourbon and friends","I buy very few cigars by the box and this is one of them. When they've been properly humidified, it is a long burning, smooth, cigar that will allow you to enjoy conversation and bourbon without having to constantly re-light it. To me, it falls squarely in the middle between too strong and too light with a decidedly pleasant finish. I also get a spiciness as well. It is one of my top five."
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Always the best,Not as compact as they usually are but still deserves a 5 star rating.
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Awesome,Love them
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Don't miss out.,"All I can say is that these sticks are awesome! Smooth, great draw, oily wrapper, a nice smoke with coffee or a good single malt, thumbs up."
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,dominican,great smoke!
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Hemingway Signature,One of the very best for the price. PERIOD!!
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,4 out of 5,Not As Good as I remembered,"This is a well build medium bodied cigar that is good for a short smoke. In my opinion, however, they are way overpriced when you consider that there are cigars out there that are just as good or better for a much lower price."
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Perfect afternoon burn,This is my go to cigar for a quick break in the day. Great consistent quality.
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Arturo Fuente Hemingway Short Story,"One of my all time favorites, no matter what size. Elegant and beautifully balanced it’s truly a work of art. A quick smoke when one doesn’t have a lot of time, it burns and draws perfectly. One I can smoke any time of the day."
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Hemingway Classic,All I smoke when available
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Worth every penny!,This is the one cigar that my wife loves the smell so she encourages me to purchase them over other brands. Bummer for me!
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,4 out of 5,Arturo Fuente Short Story,Never a dissatisfied.
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Shortstory,Great winter outside smoke.
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,My short stories,Excellent flavor in a perfect size cigar.
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Excellent cigars.,Very tasty and consistent cigars.
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Best Cigars!,Probably one of the best cigars I've had. It is a good 45-50 min burning cigar with fantastic flavors.
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,excellent cigar,"excellent cigar, not always fresh, but still delicious."
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke! Just enough after,Excellent smoke! Just enough after dinner cruising with the top down!
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,4 out of 5,Great short stick,Great smoke for the cold days when you don’t want to be outside for an hour.
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Short story heaven.,Great smoke full of body and nice long ashes.
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Excellent,A excellent cigar
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,"Great cigar - burns perfect, taste great and is easily one of my most favorite smokes."
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Good cigar,Draws well and quite flavorful
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Short story,Great light cigar
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Arturo Fuentes Hemingway signatures sun grown,"I do truely love the Hemingway Signature's but the sun grown series are heaven ,I have smoked cigars for over 30 years , and this cigar is delicious !!!!!"
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,A short story,Beautiful smoke!!!! perfect for a quick smoke
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Short Stories,They are the best cigar and smoke. I thank CI for having them available
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,The best smoke around,The best smoke around
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Simply exquisite,"Bravo to Arturo Fuente, another incredible cigar!"
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Fuente Hemingway ‘Best Seller’,"The Hemingway line by Arturo Fuente consists of several cigar sizes and shapes. All are perfectly wrapped and rolled. The line throughout is a mild but complex cigar that if kept properly humidified lights easily, draws well and burns very evenly.
My current favorite is the Best Seller because of all the qualities it shares with its other Hemingway brothers and also because of its size. The Best Seller is a 20-25 minute smoke. Also I f smoked indoors it does not fill the room with clouds of powerful smoke that penetrates clothes and furnishings like some of my other cigars do.
Hemingway’s in general and Best Sellers in particular are not cheap but I decided a few years ago that if I am going to smoke a cigar someplace other than the golf course it should be top quality and it should reflect that with a price similar to what a good bar charges for a drink. At about $7 to $8 each the Best Seller fits those criteria."
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Best Seller,"My go to for years when I don’t have an hour or more, always even burn, great flavors, excellent cigar."
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Great every day cigar,You can enjoy this cigar every day. Nice mellow smoke.
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Great Cigars!!!!,Great Cigars!!!!
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Good Cigar,Loved the cigars but would rather like to have the Hemingway Classic Perfecto 7 inch cigars. They never seem to be in stock.
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Outstanding,This is my favorite cigar. I’ll be on a cruise in 30 days and you sure made my voyage perfect. Thanks!
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,3 out of 5,Hemingway,First time in 25 years I've had to use a draw poker on a Hemingway...first two were too tight to draw.
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,4 out of 5,Good cigar,"Waiting for the longer Hemingway which has been out of stock forever
I am on your notify list."
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Great quick service,Great quick service
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Always great,Artururon Fuente Hemingway and Don Carlos are always consistent quality and great gift cigar. Everyone likes them
Ashton,5 out of 5,Awesome smoke,Awesome smoke
Ashton,4 out of 5,Ashton 8-9-8,This was first time ordering them. I like them very much. I will be ordering them again
Ashton,5 out of 5,The Best!,My favorite smoke
Ashton,4 out of 5,Very light smooth would buy,Very light smooth would buy it again
Ashton,5 out of 5,Great stick perfect flavor great,Great stick perfect flavor great draw
Ashton,5 out of 5,Excellent,Great cigar
Ashton,5 out of 5,👍,👍
Ashton,5 out of 5,"Fresh cigars. Timely delivery, Good","Fresh cigars. Timely delivery,
Good value price."
Ashton,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Ashton,5 out of 5,A Classic,"My favorite smoke of all time. Always consistent, mellow, flavorful, lots of smoke. Pairs well with a Cherry Soda."
Ashton,5 out of 5,"Ashton, wonderful Ashton","Excellent smoke indeed! The draw is especially nice! Flavors are traditional cigar flavors, a delicious wheaty mellow sweetness! Ashton is well worth the cost!"
Ashton,5 out of 5,Great cigars!,Great cigars!
Ashton,5 out of 5,Great as always,Prompt delivery of excellent cigars.
Ashton,4 out of 5,Dunhills are the perfect golf,Dunhills are the perfect golf course cigar
Ashton,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Ashton,4 out of 5,Ashton Cigars...A Great Smoke,"Ashton Cigars are a great, smooth smoke. Nice burn, great size and best of all...no morning ash tray breath!"
Ashton,5 out of 5,always good,always good
Ashton,5 out of 5,To be savored!,"Ashton Classics have been a staple in my humidor for years. I like trying different cigars including some cheepo's like Fumas etc. But when I sit on my porch with a martini to relax, I go to the Ashton. Always good, never harsh and great burn and draw. What I really like are the pepper notes. Nice zing on the tongue. Cigar opens up after the first inch so be patient. Sometimes I'm not looking for a powerhouse. This fits the bill nicely."
Ashton,5 out of 5,50th BDay party,Smooth and tasteful! Enjoyed w/ friends.
Ashton,5 out of 5,Nice,These came fresh and when promised. I love the way the Ashton smokes and tastes. Fantastic Cigar.
Ashton,5 out of 5,ashton corona,smooth light..burns even
Ashton,5 out of 5,My go-to stick for over 20 years,"Consistent mild flavor, even burn and perfect draw.
Hard to go wrong with Ashton or Cigars International!"
Ashton,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Ashton,5 out of 5,My Go To Cigar,Ashton Churchills are among my favorite cigars. Fabulous flavor; even burn; very tasty and not at all harsh. Try these and you will know why Dominican made cigars are the best.
Ashton,5 out of 5,8-9-8,Great cigars!
Ashton,5 out of 5,Cream of the crop!,My absolute all time favorite!
Ashton,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Sitting here right now smoking one a great smoke
Ashton,5 out of 5,Very good smoke,Very good smoke
Ashton,4 out of 5,Ashton Corona,Great cigar
Ashton,5 out of 5,Big John,The cigars where perfect. A quick and easy way to obtain a great cigar.
Ashton,3 out of 5,OK but required constant attention.,Cigar would go out if not constantly smoked. Taste was OK but not as good as expected.
Ashton,5 out of 5,Great Smoke!,"Great draw, mild, and purchase was easy!"
Ashton,5 out of 5,Nice smooth draw. Excellent quality,Nice smooth draw. Excellent quality cigars.
Ashton,5 out of 5,Ashton Magnum,"Very satisfied as Ashton Churchill's are normally my cigar of choice, these Magnims are equally satisfying"
Ashton,5 out of 5,Great product as always!,Great product as always!
Ashton,5 out of 5,One of the best I've tried,"I'm in love with this cigar. Right on top of my favorites list. Perfect construction, nice draw. Gotta try it!!"
Ashton,5 out of 5,Great cigars. Thanks,Great cigars. Thanks
Ashton,5 out of 5,Verysmooth-justalittledry,Verysmooth-justalittledry
Ashton,5 out of 5,Ashton Majesty,Great Cigar!
Ashton,4 out of 5,EXCELLENT PRODUCT — DELIVERY TIME A LITTLE SLUGGISH,"Excellent customer service. The box of cigars took a couple of weeks to get to me in Los Angeles. That delivery time would be okay if we were talking about toasters or placemats, but fine cigars need to be fresh. If you spend $200 on a single box of Ashtons, you want it delivered quickly so you can get them in a humidor."
Ashton,5 out of 5,Ashton,Ashton Magnum is my go to cigar.
Ashton,4 out of 5,old faithfull,i agree with others that this is one of the most consistent cigars out there..mild yet peppery and smooth...will not have you spitting every minute like some of the full strength powerhouses..was my first cigar a few years ago and still in my humidor
Ashton,4 out of 5,Good Wedding Cigar,"overall good stick - went a little mild for handouts at my daughters wedding, had some left and all but one burned very good."
Ashton,5 out of 5,Smooth cigar,Smooth cigars. Love them
Ashton,5 out of 5,Always easy and a pleasure,to order from CI. Fast turnaround on getting delivery to me.
Ashton,5 out of 5,Consistently good.,A quality cigar always dependable for an excellent and relaxing experience. Good flavor especially in the sweet spot middle section where it's smooth with an excellent draw and ash.
Ashton,5 out of 5,Gift,Unable to review as it was a gift.
Ashton,5 out of 5,Ashton Sovereign.,"Great cigar, mild as I like them. They do seem to burn a bit quick, so the length of the smoke is shorter than I would expect for this premium cigar. Otherwise, enjoyed them!"
Ashton,5 out of 5,Top notch,One of my favorites!!!
Ashton,5 out of 5,Perfect Panatela!,"in the past few years, cigar manufacturers have been pushing the larger cigar ring gauges. This Ashton panatela provides flavor and consistency even at the smaller size. This is definitely a down to the nub finger burner excellent smoke!"
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Awesome,Fantastic smoke. One of my favorites.
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,My favorite cigar by far.,My favorite cigar by far.
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke. Smooth start to finish
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Outstanding cigar mellow smoke and very good flavors
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Amazing Cigar,"This is one of my absolute favorite cigars. This is my go-to when I want to just chill out with a bourbon and smoke. Smooth, easy draw, great taste, all around amazing! You won't be disappointed...."
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Ashton Aged Maduro No. 40,Best cigar that I've ever smoked!
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Ashton Aged Maduro Corona,"I recently purchased a box of 25 Ashton Aged Maduro Coronas. I keep a spreadsheet of all the cigars I have tried. This was #197. I rate my cigars on a scale of 1-10. Never rated one a 10, but, this stick was a very strong 9.5. Smooth yet powerful. I'm trying to make them last through the holidays, but that may be a problem."
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Wonderful smoke,Wonderful smoke
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Good buy.,Great taste. Have always liked Ashton's. Will definitely buy again.
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Ashton Aged Maduro No. 40,Great cigar. Nothing else needs to be said....
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Ashton 56 Maduro disappointed,I recently purchased another box of Ashton Maduro 56. I have purchased many boxes of this same Ashton and have always been very satisfied. But this box is terrible. I am about half way through the box and have found the same problem with all of them. As I smoke them they split down the side and by the time I am half way down the cigar they are unsmokeable. I keep them in my humidor as I have always have. This is my favorite cigar and will no doubt try another box. I just hope for better luck. Thanks for listening. GK.
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Ashton maduro,"It's probably rated on my top 3 favorite smokes, very smooth and full of flavor. Will definitely be purchasing soon again. 👍"
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Aged Maduro.,"Still the best doggone cigar on this planet or any other.
Every time I enjoy one of these, I smile for two days.
My absolute favorite.
Delectable.
On that note, i think I'll have another."
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,One of my favorites,This has been one of my favorites a long time in this part of Florida where I live it's not available no one orders it.
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Ashton Maduro,It's one of my very favorites!
Ashton Aged Maduro,4 out of 5,Ashton Aged Maduro #50,"Sweet. That's the first word that comes to mind, but I didn't think it would be in my description after the initial puff. As a matter of fact, right after firing this baby up, I got pepper - and I'm not a fan of pepper bombs, so I frowned up a little. Then, before a third was finished, I thought I had gotten a dipped stogie - I've never tasted such sweetness (chocolate more than cocoa), and it's that very sweetness that I'm forever in search of. I review a cigar while only drinking purified water...but damn if I didn't want to pour a glass of bourbon halfway through this one (I didn't because I want my review ""clean""). I'm also no expert on picking out flavors - pepper is easy, but after that, I'm just in the ""good"" or ""bad"" opinion on flavor, but I picked up the sweetness in this, and it lasted throughout. In terms of construction and looks, this is a well made stick, mottled coloring, in the sunlight I could tell it's oily, but it's definitely not glistening. I'm not impressed with the ash - you really need to tap it at a half an inch, or a little more than a half an inch, or it will fall all over your smoking jacket (I wish I had a smoking jacket!). That's (the ash) my only ""complaint"", because it requires attention. That being said, I love this one because of the natural sweetness - if that's what you're looking for, it's here. I will buy more for sure..."
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,The Aged Maduro,Ashton Aged Maduro's are my favorite.
Ashton Aged Maduro,4 out of 5,Nice everyday smoke,This started out a bit harsh for my liking but the overall taste improved in my opinion after the first 3rd of the cigar was smoked. Burn was even...wapped well. I woukd purchase again.
Ashton Aged Maduro,1 out of 5,Love Ashton's. Hate the 60's,"First of all, let me say I LOVE Ashton's.
However, I hate the No. 60!!!!
They are poorly rolled. One side is tight the other side too loose. Consequently, they burn unevenly and need to be re-lit 3, sometimes 4 times. They're terrible!!!
Out of the box of 25, I probably had 5 that burned evenly and staid lit.
I'm so frustrated with re-lighting them 3 or more times that I simply smash (not stub) them out even if I've only smoked a third of the way.
I'll stick with my No. 10's or pyramids."
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,great,great
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Aston never disappoints,Aston never disappoints
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent!!!,Great job!!!! Very happy with the service..... Thanks
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent,Very consistent...always a good smoke. One of my favorites!
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Very Rich and yet light?,"Ashton Aged Maduros are my current favorite, they are so rich and yet light. I prefer these in a humidity range of 73-75%, the aged tobacco is better and more fulfilling at a slightly higher humidity. I store them at 68-70%, raise them to ~75% the day before I smoke them."
Ashton Aged Maduro,2 out of 5,Not remarkable,"A flat, not-very-interesting cigar."
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Topps,My favorite smoke!! I burn it to the nub and its smooth all the way thru.
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Always fabulous,Pound for pound this is quite simply the best and most consistent cigar I've ever smoked. Very surprising medium and mellow body for a Maduro. I like to try to different brands but I always come back to Ashton.
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Very smooth Maduro,Very smooth Maduro
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,My absolute favorite,"I heard about Ashton maduro 15 years ago listening to a cigar review on the radio in Baltimore and decided to give them a try. For all these years, it's still my go to smoke. It's ALWAYS wonderfully consistent. Nothing better and I've tried them all."
Ashton Aged Maduro,2 out of 5,just so-so,"Not impressed, plenty sticks that are finer for less."
Ashton Aged Maduro,4 out of 5,Best buy,For the money this is one of my favorite moderately priced cigars
Ashton Aged Maduro,3 out of 5,"They were okay, not great","They were okay, not great I wouldn't by them in bulk again"
Ashton Aged Maduro,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Ashton is a special cigar you will enjoy
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Maduro No. 10,Great flavor and smooth!
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,great smoke great price couldn't ask for better
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke. smooth blend. Always,Great smoke. smooth blend. Always enjoyable.
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Value and Excellent Service,"I buy all my cigars from CI. Not only is the selection huge and the prices much better than the local smoke shop you can't beat the delivery times. Depending on the day and time I order I sometimes receive my order with two days with just standard shipping.
Great Service"
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Ashton #56,Great pricing on one of the best Maduro's on the planet cant wait to order them again.....
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Ashton Aged Maduro #60,Just had my first Aged Maduro. #60. First 1-2 inches was so-so. A little resistance on the draw and Nina lot of smoke. Once we made the turn into the second 3rd it was game-on. Rich and creamy smoke with an easy draw. 7.5 inches of love. It required 2 minor touch ups and 1 relight (after I let it sit for 10-15 minutes for a refill and bathroom break). Happy I tried this one and will certainly buy more of these. Great maduro that's not overpowering.
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Smooth and well balanced,Smooth and well balanced
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,SMOOTH AND SILKY,CABINETS ARE THE BEST FOR SMOOTH/MEDIUM BLEND CIGARS. I WISH THE NO 8 WERE A SLIGHTLY BIGGER RING SIZE BUT OVERALL THE BEST
Ashton Cabinet Selection,4 out of 5,Mild and Solid Smoke,"This is a very reliable smoke, mild in flavor with a good burn from start to finish. The draw is almost always very good. I've had a few where the draw was absolutely perfect, and a few where the interior leaf was wrapped just a bit too tight and the draw just a bit on the hard side. But overall, very solid and always enjoyable cigar"
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Great enjoyable cigar.,once of the best cigars I have smoked and I have smoked a lot. Very enjoyable with nice mild taste. The burn on this cigar is excellent hands down. I would recommend as a treat to yourself would buy again.
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Cannot say anything bad this cigar. Even if its mellow the flavors are fantastic. This was a treat for myself being a essential employee to myself. The flavors alone are worth it. The gift set that came with it was just a wonderful bonus. What a great way to treat yourself. I would buy again peroid as a reward to myself. The construction was great with the ash falling off when I made it at 1 and half to 2 inches. Seriously buy one give it a try you won't be disappointed.
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Good,Good
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Fineness experience.,"I bought a box of Ashton Cabinet Selection Vintage #8 Churchill 7 x 49 at CI. Perfect roll, draw and burn. Good and well cured tobacco guarantee the delicious balance blend and smoothness smoke of these Ashton Cabinet Churchills. This is fineness in the cigar smoking experience. Indulge yourself with this cigar and a shoot of cold Hendrick's gin."
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Nice,Very nice cigar with a great draw
Ashton Cabinet Selection,4 out of 5,my second choice behind Romeo,my second choice behind Romeo and Julieta Vintage
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Smoooth..........................,Simply a very nice smoke.
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Never had a bad Ashton,Never had a bad Ashton Cabinet. Amazing smokes
Ashton Cabinet Selection,4 out of 5,Dependable mild cigar,Dependable mild cigar
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Ashton Cab Vintage Belicoso,"The Cigar remains one of my favorites start to finish, smooth, no bite, and perfectly designed for a 30-40 minute smoke. The Ashton remains a top pick and is perhaps forever underrated. Doc"
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Happy,Happy
Ashton Cabinet Selection,3 out of 5,Find them to be a,"Find them to be a bit harsh, I expected a smoother cigar. For the price I would not buy them again."
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Ashton,"these are very smooth cigars , I find they go well with red wine, perfect manhattans,beer ,and coffee. wish the price was a little lower.fine cigars"
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Truly great cigar,Truly great cigar
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,slightly sweet and creamy with a bit of spice or peppery (oaky ?) flavor middle to end of ciga,Ashton is my go to cigar. It is consistently good. A mild to medium cigar that satisfies every time. Quality is only surpassed by it's flavor(s). I would describe it as slightly sweet and creamy with a bit of spice or peppery (oaky ?) flavor middle to end of cigar. Consistent draw and quality with every cigar in the box. Would definitely recommend.
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Ashton,"My wife bought me the Ashton Cabinet selection for my birthday. I think she got it for me as she also likes the Ashton cigars. :)
I have always found the Ashton cigars as my favorite. I am happy to say the ones I have tried so far are as good as I remember."
Ashton Cabinet Selection,4 out of 5,Inconsistent cigar-to-cigar,"Some are extremely nice, some are okay, some are broken and not good.
This is contrasted to the original Ashton Churchill where each cigar was a buttery beauty."
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Frank,Smooth enjoyable smoke.
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Ashton Cabinet,Excellent smoke!!
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,"Love the cigar, has to","Love the cigar, has to be one of my favorite smokes."
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Ashton's,"Love them worth every penny, will definitely buy them again"
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Very nice,Very nice
Ashton Cabinet Selection,2 out of 5,Ashton quality,I love Ashton cigars but these did not smoke well! Too tight and several of them we only 50-60% good. Would not order these again. Very expensive but not worth what I paid.
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Nearly all Ashtons are my,Nearly all Ashtons are my favorite cigar.
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,"Good Deal, Quick Delivery",Good fresh cigars delivered very quickly
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Joes,I buy 90% of my accessories and cigars from u guys for years great job.
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Amazing Cigar,"Absolute great cigar, great burn, nice, smooth, just a great smoke!!"
Ashton Cabinet Selection,1 out of 5,dry ashtons,"the box of ashton’s are dry and I’m in the process of trying to rehumindify them if possible. they also have a bite that is quite unpleasant about two thirds burnt.
should have ordered my davidorff anniversario cigars that i usually get."
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Ashton Cabinet,Can't go wrong with Ashton. However in the same order I was surprised to see that so far one of my Montecristo classics had a terrible draw and I had to discard it after a few minutes of lighting. We'll see about the other four soon enough.
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Always Ashton,I've enjoyed smoking Ashton Cabinets for about 20 years. They have NEVER disappointed.
Ashton ESG,5 out of 5,My go to !!,When I can't purchase a cuban Bolivar churchill this Aashton ESG is my go to. What a great smoke. Pricey but very enjoyable. A good hour plus smoke that smells and tastes great.
Ashton ESG,5 out of 5,Ashton 23 year,Simply superb cigar.
Ashton ESG,5 out of 5,Best Cigar Ever!,The title says it all!
Ashton ESG,5 out of 5,Great cigar smooth and Tennessee whiskey,I’ve first tried this cigar about 6 months ago and couldn’t wait to purchase a full box of 25 they are a little pricey but what can I say you pay for what you get it’s a.great cigar starts off mild and stays the same till the end 5 ⭐️
Ashton ESG,5 out of 5,Very nice smoke and loads,Very nice smoke and loads of flavor
Ashton ESG,4 out of 5,It’s a solid A-,It’s a good smoke for someone who wants that Ashton flavor but better. I think I still prefer the 1926 Padron for the money.
Ashton ESG,3 out of 5,Mike,good smoke but not worth the $$$
Ashton ESG,1 out of 5,Thumb down,"Not full bodied at all,
Mild to medium. Won't be buying this stick again.
For that price their are many others better and definitely cheaper."
Ashton ESG,2 out of 5,Full bodied it is NOT.,Excellent draw and structure but full bodied? I call shenanigans. I'd put this as mild to medium.
Ashton ESG,5 out of 5,JC,"Very impressive, good pull from start to finish... Burns nicely, I would definitely recommend this cigar."
Ashton ESG,5 out of 5,I think the cigar is,I think the cigar is a very well designed cigar and the flavor is well balance. Thank you
Ashton ESG,5 out of 5,excellent service,Quality and time of delivery excellent.
Ashton ESG,5 out of 5,One of the best,Fantastic from beginning to end.
Ashton ESG,5 out of 5,Easily the most perfect cigar,"Perfect smoke with perfect construction... when you only want the very best. This is a solid five star product NOT a ""this gets five stars for being a great $5 smoke"".
Every cigar in the Ashton ESG series is perfect. I would only smoke this with experienced smokers. A newbie would think its great, of course, but an experienced smoker will be able to truly appreciate it."
Ashton ESG,5 out of 5,The best of all non Cubans ....,"It is a great full bodied cigar, yet so smooth!! Throughly enjoyed and a finger burner for sure!!!"
Ashton ESG,5 out of 5,"have not smoked any yet,","they are for a special occasion. love them, mild never get hot right down to the end. yum"
Ashton ESG,5 out of 5,Worth every penny!!,"Wow!! Although I'm a novice at this hobby, this is by far the smoothest cigar I've ever puffed on!. Definitely worth the money. The flavor is amazing. Don't hesitate to try it."
Ashton ESG,5 out of 5,Worth every penny!!,"Wow!! Although I'm a novice at this hobby, this is by far the smoothest cigar I've ever puffed on!. Definitely worth the money. The flavor is amazing. Don't hesitate to try it."
Ashton ESG,5 out of 5,High-end cigar that I highly recommend!,"Highly Recommended cigar worth the smoke.
I bought the 5 pack of the Ashton ESG 22 Year Salute for my brother, dad and myself to smoke on Christmas (Today)! We father and I tried 2 a couple of weeks ago and knew this would be perfect.
The cigars start very mild in flavor with an easy draw. About halfway through it starts getting an earthly flavor. By the end it's exploding in flavor but absolutely smooth. Took us about an hour and a half each to smoke. No nasty after taste. No cigar buzz/illness. Its been about 2 hours since the smoke and we are mellowed out."
Ashton ESG,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"Im not a big bood cigar guy, but these are smooth"
Ashton ESG,5 out of 5,Immaculate,"Worth every penny. I'm an infrequent smoker (twice a month maybe), but when I do smoke, I sit down for hour or hour and half and really immerse myself in the experience. The Ashton ESG 22-Yr Salute is a phenomenal smoke. I was blown away by the construction and how it felt in my hand. Once lit, great flavor from start to finish overall a refined taste that really makes a statement. One of the greatest gifts you can give to a friend and share a fantastic moment experiencing this gorgeous cigar.
Thanks CI, you guys have great service and I may never have tried this cigar without this site."
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,5 out of 5,Love this cigar.,Love this cigar.
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,3 out of 5,Only ok,"Really was not for me. The burn was only ok. Kind of spicy, draw was not great. Not a home run."
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,5 out of 5,Great smoke,This is one of most reasonably priced great smoke
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,5 out of 5,Ashton heritage puro,"Burn = 8.5, smoke 6.0: (medium density), draw= 9.0, flavor 9.5, great smoke, all the way to the end........use ur roach clip."
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,5 out of 5,Ashton heritage,Amazing cigars worth the dollars
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,5 out of 5,Good tobacco.,Bought a box of Heritage Puro Sol in the Churchill format or size. These cigars are mild to medium but full of good tobacco flavor. Ashton cigars are balance delightful smokes. Excellent taste.
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,5 out of 5,Rick,Love them
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,5 out of 5,Ashton Heritage,My go to cigar!
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,4 out of 5,Love them,Love them
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,5 out of 5,A royal treat,"Gathering high in the kingdom could never be more satisfying than when the royal court smokes these elegant sticks. They are not only fit for a king, but for the king of kings."
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,5 out of 5,Excellent cigars,"These cigars are very smooth,they burn evenly and have a great taste. Would definitely buy again."
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,5 out of 5,My first Ashton,Probably my favorite cigar in the states thus far. Great mild smoke that burned nicely. Happy with the price and condition.
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,5 out of 5,One of my favorites thus far.,I'm just starting to appreciate a good cigar and ones like these will keep me coming back.
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,5 out of 5,The best,The best
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,5 out of 5,Really nice cigar!,"I ordered a box of the Ashton Heritage for our annual Christmas Eve get-together. After dinner, about a dozen of us sit down for some B & B and a nice smoke. I enjoyed this cigar immensely, as did the company. Rave reviews all around. Cigars were fresh as could be, contrary to some reviews that had me a little worried. Will be ordering these beauties again."
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,4 out of 5,"Mild, smooth draw","Mild, smooth draw"
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,5 out of 5,The best,Best cigar
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,4 out of 5,Pur Sol,It just has a pleasing characteristic not unlike the Cuban Montecristo #2
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,3 out of 5,Stale and Dry,"My box of Ashton Heritage Churchill cigars are dry enough that the outer rapper is unwrapping. They are dry enough that the cigar burns fast, so the entire smoke experience lasts nearly half the time it should. My box of 20 Havana Blend East India Co., Ltd cigars by K. Hansotia & Co. were also like this, so it is not exceptional for me. Old, dry and stale seems the rule when cigars are purchased from Cigars International!"
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,4 out of 5,Okay Cigar,"Before purchasing the Ashton Heritage Puro Sol Corona Gorda I had the opportunity to try the Ashton Symmetry, which to me, was a great cigar. I ordered the Heritage because I am trying to lock down a cigar maker that I know I can turn to when I'm looking for a good smoke. It wasn't the best but definitely a good cigar to relax with. I'd purchase them again and definitely becoming a fan of Ashton."
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,5 out of 5,Best ever made,"Hands down, all time favorite cigar, bar none... I have paid a lot more and a lot less for a cigar and gotten a LOT less than I did with this. I always preferred mild cigars, even a spicy maduro on occasion, but now I smoke nothing else. I have tried a friend's Diamond Crown and Davidoff, and have had the Ghurkas, the Rocky Patels, etc... I buy the Heritage by the box now and keep my humidor full plus have a box at my local cigar shop in the private humidor. Did I mention these were awesome?! Now, if they would only make them a size smaller..."
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,4 out of 5,Very nice i like to,Very nice i like to sit down and in joy a stoggi once and a while with aglass of brandy
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,5 out of 5,My favorite by far!,This cigar is my go to cigar. Sharing these with friends always results in positive responses as to how tasty this stick is!
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,5 out of 5,Perfect,Exelent
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,5 out of 5,Pleased with purchase,Pleased with purchase
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,5 out of 5,Ashton's the go too Cigar,I always enjoy a cigar and Ashton is no slouch! Always tasty with a even burn. Great after dinner cigar or anytime for that matter
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,4 out of 5,Best pricing and availability,"CI may not have the lowest pricing on a given item, at a given time. But, they have the consistently lowest prices and best availability of the brands I desire. Delivery is always fast and orders accurate. My only downgrade is the products come a little stale sometimes and have to be refreshed in my humidor."
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Ashton,Very nice cigar
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Good cigar for something quick,Good cigar for something quick
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Great for a quick smoke.,Great for a quick smoke.
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Good stuff,Same good taste as big brother not to small not to tall a nice burn when you can go for something but dont have to much time this is it I will definitely get them again ps not a bad price either relax
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Always an excellent purchase,Always an excellent purchase
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Great smoke for a short time frame,These are great smokes with great flavor that usually last me about 30 - 40 minutes. These are a regular go-to for me when I want a quicker smoke.
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Best small cigar,Best small cigar I have had
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Love love!,Love love!
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Esquires are a quality smoke for a small cigar,"Nice smoke for a small cigar, notes of cedar and caramel. All are good quality and smooth burning."
Ashton Small Cigars,4 out of 5,good little smoke,"nice little smokes, good construction, doesn't burn hot for a little smoke."
Ashton Small Cigars,3 out of 5,good cigar,Ashton always has good cigars.. they cost more but every cigar I have had from Ashton has been good. These are good. 3 stars because they are a bit expensive but add one secret star because they taste good
Ashton Small Cigars,4 out of 5,Nice quick smoke,Nice quick smoke
Ashton Small Cigars,4 out of 5,Nice quick smoke,A well made cigar to fill a small spot.
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Ashton half corona,"Love em' Just the right moisture, smooth and not too small. Since I bought a box of fifty I had to buy something to carry a few with me to keep from cracking"
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Great smoke and not long winded.
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Ashton blue,Excellent smoke especially when it’s cold outside
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Great smoke for the price.,Great smoke for the price.
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,ashton blue,smooth perfect size just what I was looking for
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Favorite,My favorite smoke
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Best quick smoke,"I like these guys, a quality 25 minute smoke"
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,A Great smoke,A great dependable smoke! Shared these babies with my dad and brother while watching the Astros on the back porch!!
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Perfect size.,Perfect size.
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,First one was a good one!!,"Brother's been smoking these saying they were awesome, had to buy my own to find out but worth the cost."
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,For on the go!,Perfect size when you don’t have a lot of time!
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Top shelf,Awesome flavor! Top of the line!
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Perfection,Great night time smoke before bed to unwind and relax.
Ashton Small Cigars,4 out of 5,Value,A good cigar at a good price. Enjoy!
Ashton Small Cigars,2 out of 5,They're ok,I would like a small cigar with a little larger ring and maybe individually wrapped.
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Great short smoke,Very smooth and mild. Consistent and even burn. Very enjoyable. Just wish they were a little cheaper.
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Good smokes,The product is satisfying and the service is excellent. Thanks.
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,GREAT little stick,GREAT little stick
Ashton Small Cigars,2 out of 5,Not the cigar but the age,The last 2 shipments I’ve received have been dry. Very disappointing!
Ashton Small Cigars,3 out of 5,Disappointed,Pretty good smoke. Not the taste that I had thought they might be. Others are better for a lot less $$
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Just enough,Very nice quick smoke.
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,1/2Corona Blue Box,I found the 1/2 Corona White box in a local cigar shop and tried them and was pleased. There a perfect size for that time when you don't want a full smoke or do not have the time. I prefer the white box over the blue because it is a little milder. Blue still is a nice smoke.
Ashton Small Cigars,4 out of 5,Ashton cigarillos,Nice little cigar. Perfect when you just don't have the time to smoke a full cigar and the price was right. The draw is a little hard but not unbearable.
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Nice mild little cigar,Nice mild little cigar
Ashton Small Cigars,4 out of 5,"Mild, 10 minute smoke.","Decent cigar. Consistent burn, mild."
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Great product,Great product
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,great little cigar,Good for a quick smoke. All the flavor of a full size Ashton
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,"Great cigars, Great Shipping and Great service!",Ashtons are great cigars. Smooth and smoke well. The half corona is perfect for a quick winter time smoke.
Ashton Small Cigars,4 out of 5,Good litlle smokes.,"I like the buy little cigars, because they don't take a long time (20 minutes) to smoke one. The Ashton Esquire are very good little cigars. I like that they come in a 10 pack tin.
The quality for these little cigars is very good. I would definitely buy them again."
Ashton Small Cigars,3 out of 5,Mediocre cigar,"I like Ashton cigars but this cigar is not as well made nor as good as the other Ashton cigars I have had. For a quick smoke with a beer watching a game it is ok, but I wouldn't waste good scotch on it"
Ashton Small Cigars,4 out of 5,"Ashton senoritas, great flavor","Great size and great taste, chocolate and vanilla tones nice burn my favorite cigarillos thus far not a bad value, look at the 50 pack"
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Family affair,Wife loves them. A real bonding event.
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Great short smoke,"15-20 min smoke , spicy and flavorful"
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Ashton Cigarillos Blue Box,Mild and much better than the Macanudo Ascots which can be harsh.
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,ashton esquires,"great little cigar, but way overpriced"
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,"Rick H, Ft. Lauderdale","Love this cigar. This is my computer smoke. 20 minutes of cigar pleasure. Consistent in flavor. Of all the small cigars I've smoked, this Ashton is always in my stash."
Ashton Symmetry,5 out of 5,Fantastic smoke,"Medium bodied smoke, consistently delicious from start to finish. This cigar became one of my favorites from the first try."
Ashton Symmetry,5 out of 5,Outstanding cigar and set,Outstanding cigar and set
Ashton Symmetry,4 out of 5,Meh.,"A nice cigar. Well made. Full-bodied to my palate.
And, like most Ashtons, IMO, a bit overrated. Still, too good for three stars."
Ashton Symmetry,5 out of 5,"Amazing, smooth - my favorite!","Amazing smoke. This was recommended to me by the owners of a cigar bar here because he knew I loved Ashton VSGs. He said ""try the Symmetry."" I rarely change anything, but I gave it a try... then kept getting them. It's the only one I smoke now. I love it!"
Ashton Symmetry,5 out of 5,Fab...,Fabulous. Everything that has been written about these are true.
Ashton Symmetry,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Fantastic
Ashton Symmetry,5 out of 5,My Favorite Ashton,"Number one in my humidor, as always great pricing and service from CI"
Ashton Symmetry,5 out of 5,Stop and smell the roses,"This is truly a wonderful cigar. The description from C.I. and the previous reviews are spot-on, so I won't go in to all the details. However, one thing nobody has mentioned. If you get a box of these, immediately you'll notice how beautiful and well-made the box is. And then when you crack it open you are met by the most awesome aroma ever! It almost made me want to just keep all the cigars in the box to just enjoy the aroma over and over. But of course I put them into one of my humidors and am thoroughly enjoying smoking them. Once again, great cigar!"
Ashton Symmetry,5 out of 5,Hands down my favorite,"Hands down my favorite cigar. Just bought a box from CI and I couldn't wait so smoked one right out of the box. Tasted like it was in the humi for months! Flavor hits all the right notes for me. Cinnamon, spice, pepper and towards the end some leathery notes. Every single stick is a finger burner and I typically don't smoke cigars down the whole way. The difference to me between a good and exception cigar is how smooth it stays towards the end and this one never gets sour or harsh. They're a little pricey but trust me it's worth it. I'd take these over padron 26's, ashton ESG and higher end Arturo Fuente cigars. My favorite is the corona size (over an hour of smoking time) and Churchill (two hours of smoke time). Even my wife takes a puff or two of these when I first light up before the cigar gets a little heavier!"
Ashton Symmetry,5 out of 5,Complaint,"My only complaint is that this cigar is so good I tend to smoke it too fast. Excellent taste, construction, draw and reams of soft smoke!"
Ashton Symmetry,5 out of 5,Awesome stick!!,"Symmetry is an Awesome stick that is in the same profile as VSG and ESG - consistently flavorful, with good smoke and perfect draw and burn. Great for any special event or when you want to treat someone to the best!!"
Ashton Symmetry,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Ashton Symmetry,5 out of 5,Great quality and fast delivery!!!,Great quality and fast delivery!!!
Ashton Symmetry,5 out of 5,Balanced Cigar,Aston Symmetry is a beautifully balanced cigar...not harsh and very smooth finish!
Ashton Symmetry,5 out of 5,This Ashton Symmetry is absolutely,This Ashton Symmetry is absolutely the smoothest cigar I have ever tasted. It's flavor is next to none and it is my new favorite. If your an Ashton lover like me you've got to try this cigar.
Ashton Symmetry,5 out of 5,Best cigar for money,Best cigar for money
Ashton Symmetry,5 out of 5,Another outstanding cigar from Ashton,"Once again Ashton has created another outstanding cigar. While I truly believe that the Ashton ESG is consistently one of the best cigars made by anyone, the Symmetry shows the same smooth and delicious flavor profile that goes great with the first cup of coffee for the day. I have tried both the Churchill and Robusto, and absolutely enjoyed both equally."
Ashton Symmetry,5 out of 5,Amazing,Amazing
Ashton Symmetry,1 out of 5,Ashton symmetry,Terrible cigars hard to draw and stay litted taste bad
Ashton Symmetry,5 out of 5,Excellent,"Fantastic CIGAR! Great construction, had a real nice even burn and very unique flavors. Little pricey but I think its worth the money. Haven't smoked many Ashton's but after having this I plan on smoking a lot more!"
Ashton Symmetry,4 out of 5,Ashton Symmetry,"Very nice cigar, I really enjoyed it."
Ashton Symmetry,5 out of 5,Symmetry,Ashton came up with a perfect smoke for me. Smooth and not too full making it very enjoyable.
Ashton Symmetry,5 out of 5,Ashton Symmetry Belicoso,"This cigar has a very good score according to ""Cigar Aficionado"" magazine, see 93 points, that was enough to active my curiosity and I decided to buy 5 just to give it a try as a result I found one of the best experience, it is a magnificent smoke medium full cigar made with the best premium Dominican and Nicaragua tobacco I can't wait to buy the whole box"
Ashton Symmetry,5 out of 5,good,Great stuff
Ashton Symmetry,5 out of 5,Nice Cigar,A solid cigar with a consistent burn and a flavor that develops over the full length of the cigar. Medium bodied that improves over time.
Ashton Symmetry,5 out of 5,Another Fuente masterpiece!,"Just had my first last night. Only by chance. Went to my local cigar lounge and the Ashton rep was there. He was giving every member one. Amazing smoke. The draw was perfect, even for such a tightly rolled stick. The tight roll made for a long enjoyable smoke. The wrapper was beautiful and the ash was a beautiful white. The flavor was complex, yet milder than the medium to full listing. It had a solid medium intensity. The rep said it cedar, leather, and spice were present, but I also tasted a nutty nuance and also tasted a hint of caramel that CI mentions. The spice was mild and not overpowering. Even after two inches of ash, I had to tap the stick firmly to get the ash to drop. I enjoyed it down to the nub and had no warmth until about the last inch and a half. No wonder this cigar was top 10 on most lists. It fully deserves its 94 rating. This is my new favorite."
Ashton Symmetry,3 out of 5,Old world flavor,I too picked one up to try after seeing it was one of the top cigars of 2015. I am a fan of Nicaraguan cigars and this one had that old style taste which was another plus. My only complaint was the wrapper. It was a mess. Must of been a bad luck of the draw.
Ashton Symmetry,5 out of 5,A must have in your humidor!,"A very high quality smoke, superb burn, and satisfying all around. Plus it has one of the best wrappers I've seen in a while. There's always one in my humidor."
Ashton Symmetry,4 out of 5,Great Ashton,"Good Medium-Full bodied smoke. Burns well, and of course construction is top notch. I personally prefer the Ashton ESG 22yr, but I suppose thats in a different category. Lots of flavor and chewy smoke."
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,"Great gift pack , I","Great gift pack , I regift to my son. Gars I shared with many and now have new friends !!!"
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Ashton Always A Great Smoke,"What's not to like about the Ashton VSG Robusto, great flavor quality smoke. This cigar is a favorite after dinner with a nice bourbon or relaxing out on the Barnegat Bay."
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,My favorites! Thank you.,My favorites! Thank you.
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Amazing cigar from an amazing,Amazing cigar from an amazing company quick fresh and reliable !!
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent cigar
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Smooth,It's a full cigar but so smooth!
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,My favorite,Currently my favorite cigar.
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Wonderful stronger cigar that smokes smooth.,Simply a great cigar you never get tired of.
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Smooth and easy,Smooth and easy
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Great and super smooth.,Great and super smooth.
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Smooth,Great smelling cigar
Ashton VSG,4 out of 5,Nice but$$$$$$,"Strong, but smooth even for a med head."
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Ashton VSG,Great cigars. Had a few already and all were great. The service as always was a 5 start. Cigar International is simply the best.
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Great Great cigars,Can’t ever go wrong with Ashton cigars and these are some of the best
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,VSG's are the best!,"Been a cigar smoker for 15 years, tried MANY cigars including lots of Cubans but I keep coming back to VSG's. Nice full, strong flavor which just gets better and better. Definitely my favorite cigar"
Ashton VSG,4 out of 5,Good Smoke,"Full-bodied, spicy, and smooth throughout, the Ashton VSG Robusto lives up to the marketing hype."
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,I love these sticks. To,I love these sticks. To bad they're so expensive.
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Ashton VSG Sorrcer,I recieved the cigars and they were very fresh. I will continue buying my cigars with you.
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Outstanding,Great smoke!
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Always a favorite,Always a favorite
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Special Occasion Cigar,"This Ashton VSG Robusto is one of the finest cigars I smoke. Its richness, flavor, wonderful richness and great smoke to the very end make it worth every penny. The price point keeps it out of the everyday cigar range for me ( even with CI's low prices). When the special occasion rolls around out comes the VSG!"
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,My favorite cigar,The Ashton VSG line is my favorite cigar and the Enchantment size is good for nice hour smoke. It's not too long and burns at a good temp. Highly recommended.
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Ultimate smoking experience,Few cigars are this complex and full bodied ... VSG ... Wizard is in a category all on it's own.. this one takes time and an experienced palate to find all the changes in flavors ...pairs very nicely with a strong Bourbon.
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,"My favorite 'heavy' cigar. It is very strong, but unlike most other heavy cigars, it tastes GREAT.","This has been my favorite cigar for some time. It has a lots of good flavors without being harsh or nasty, like so many cigars that run ""full"" flavored can be."
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Ashton VSG Wizard,Fantastic smoke! I was very impressed by the smoothness and clean flavors of the smoke. I would definitely recommend them to anyone who enjoys a premium cigar.
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,My Favorite Cigar,"I don't generally like a full flavor cigar, but this one has excellent flavor."
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Very good cigar,Tastes and smokes well. It gets super strong towards the end suddenly though.
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,A Real Pleaser,"As with most of the Ashton line, the VSG is a well constructed cigar and a pleasure to smoke. What makes the VSG standout is the rich full flavors it delivers from one stick to the next. A real pleaser!"
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,VSG ROBUSTO,NICE SMOKE. FULL OF FLAVOR WILL REORDER.
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,AshtonVSG,"I really like them
I ordered them they sent the wrong ones but a great gar"
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,A Premium Cigar,"The Ashton VSG is one of my ‘go to’ cigars. Always consistent construction, burn and taste. If you like a fairly full bodied smoke at a modest price you should give ‘em a try."
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,they smoke like a dream. great smoke.
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Fred,great service
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Awesome,Awesome
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Exception to the rule,"I'm a HUGE fan of full-bodied Nicaraguan cigars. In my rotation you'll find My Father, San Cristobal. Oliva V, Melanio, Padron, Padron 1964, Undercrown, JDN Antano 1970, Man O' War, MOW Ruination, Puro Authentico, and more. You get the picture. Ashton VSG can stand toe-to-toe with any of them. It's my exception to the rule. A Dominican as tasty as any cigar I've had."
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Ashton VSG,I enjoyed the Ashton VSG. It was a very flavorful smoke. A little bolder than my personal favorite. But I would buy again.
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Just What One Expects from Ashton,"Rich flavors, superior construction, excellent burn. High end price, but well worth it for an exceptional smoke for a special occasion (or no occasion at all!) High rating by CI and others is well deserved and more than justified. Advice: treat yourself to this rare smoke; you won't be disappointed!"
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,VSG great cigar,"Bought 5 pack.All burned perfect great cigars at a great price.
I'll buy again. Jim p"
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,The Burn,#1 cigar ever. Nothing compares to taste and burn
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Ashton VSG Illusion,One of the BEST cigars I have ever smoked!
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Ashton beauties,My VSG's arrived timely and on perfect condition.
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Great smoke,One of my favorite cigars. Great burn and flavor
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Ashton VSG fan.,"I have always enjoyed the aroma of a good cigar. Since birth, it has been in my nature to gravitate towards outstanding tobacco. I am sure I am not alone I. Saying pipe smoke has a certain allure to us all. I have found much pleasure in a fine cigar and enjoy shopping/buying cigars almost as much as smoking them. Through the stress and tribulations of day to day life, cigars are my release and I am thankful.
I am a novice brother of the leaf in the most modest sense. I have been blessed with the curse for about 2 years now. Never one to limit my pleasures to a specific stick, as I find my taste is forever changing. What is delicious tonight... Rarely duplicates itself. I am a student to the leaf. One thing I have learned is the VSG is always a solid choice. Rarely do I buy boxes. The Ashton VSG is, and will be, a staple in all humidors I ever own. Bravo Ashton. Great cigar."
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,All good!,Great cigars and service
Ashton VSG,3 out of 5,The CAO's were great as,The CAO's were great as usually. However this is the second time I received Ashton VSG in a 5 pack and 2-3 of the 5 pack smoked very badly. They burnt uneven and with a burn hole in the middle.
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Worth the money.,Just WOW! Best full bodied I have smoked. Burnt my fingers.
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,"My ""goto"" smoke","VSG is a great smoke. I have spent allot more, allot less but the VSG is the best. It is, by far, my goto smoke."
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Sometimes you do get what you pay for...,One of my very favorite cigars. Rich creamy goodness from start to finish. I've never had a burn or a draw problem. They are not cheap but they don't taste like it either! BTW how could anyone compare these to an H. Upmann Media Noche!?
Ashton VSG,2 out of 5,Not worth the price,"Not a terrible smoke, but not great either. The Oliva V series or H Uppman Media Noche have much better flavor for far less money."
Asylum,5 out of 5,Smooth and taste great.,Smooth and taste great.
Asylum,4 out of 5,Very good cigar,Full flavored good price.
Asylum,5 out of 5,Wow,Lots of flavour and unreal punch of nicotine. It's not for beginner for sure
Asylum,4 out of 5,good small cigar,"Good flavor, burned evenly. Excellent choice for a quick smoke."
Asylum,5 out of 5,Great smoke when you only,Great smoke when you only have a short break in the day to enjoy a cigar.
Asylum,3 out of 5,Really uneven and too much spice...longer in the humi?,"I picked up some of these at the local shop about two weeks ago. I'm thinking I should have let them sit longer before burning one but, it's cold and I was looking for a short smoke. The flavor was fantastic the first few puffs. Then, it gained a ton of spice. Enough to sting the lips and tongue a bit and make me reach for a drink. It also burned completely uneven. Touching it up with a torch didn't help. I'll try again in a month or two but, not really that impressed so far."
Asylum,5 out of 5,This is a great little smoke.,"Sometimes called a dog walker this is the perfect size when you want a really good cigar, but you haven't the time to enjoy a robusto or larger. A lot of medium to full flavor in a small package. I love this cigar."
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,Excellent cigar
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Totally awesome,Totally awesome. The largest cigar I have ever seen. It's got a great flavor and lasts almost 18 holes of golf!!
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Nice full bodied smoke. Burns well and has a great flavor. Well constructed. Not my everyday but definitely weekend and special occasions smoke.
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Asylum 13 double corona,"A nice smoke, burns slowly and smooth, very enjoyable!"
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Great value,"I am one of the people that find the 13 a great smoking experience.
The 6x60 is a perfect fit for me, it handles my smoking style and, provides a smooth yet full flavored enjoyment.
I have been fortunate to have found these gems."
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Asylum,A smooth slow smoking cigar. it goes real smooth with good a glass of scotch
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,Excellent smoke
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Excellent mega cigar,"Nice strong cigar, as god as the camacho family. The huge size is something to get used to, but the flavor is worth every puff. A nice cigar for a long enjoyable smoke."
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Great cigars.....great service,Competitive prices.....great cigars....great service
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Nice body (all and all,Nice body (all and all good smoke)
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Great Customer Service,Very happy with the cigars. Very happy with the shipping. Everything arrived right on time for a trip to Las Vegas. Good Job Cigars International!
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,I’m a fan of Aslyum,Love the big ring size and the full bodied taste
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Excellent cigar burns nice smothe. So good they have a hard time keeping it in stock.
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Great service,"Great service, great prices"
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Nothing Beats Asylum,By far my favorite cigar!
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Great smokes,Had to keep them in the humidor for awhile. They were a bit dry.
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Excellent,Very nice smooth cigar. Good cigar to just sit down and enjoy with a few brews.
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Super fast Delivery..,Delivering came super fast as always.. I Smoke 2 A13 on Thanksgiving and both where right on point.. Clean burn nice flavor..
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Awesome,Awesone
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Asylum 13 Super 11/18,Great smoke. I keep trying other brands but keep coming back to Asylum. Love the big ring cigars.
Asylum 13,4 out of 5,Asylum 13 Super 11/18,"Was wanting to purchase the 8x80,which was on back order, so I tried the Asylum 13 Super 11/18. With a bit of confusion on which end to clip, the Asylum 13 Super 11/18 still ended up being a great cigar!"
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Bigmack. Big cigar,Love the size. The stick is excellent. It's become my go to stix
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,"Was skeptical, However...","Bought these at the recommendation of a brother firefighter, have to say, love them too. Pairs well with a glass of Jack Daniels. Burns for a while, smokes up great. Really good cigar, definitely ordering more for my vacation this year!!!"
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,My favorite cigar.,"Glad you have them in the monster size. Great, long smoke."
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Asylum 13 Seventy,"This Cigar is Awesome, I smoke it as an Everyday cigar usually 2-3 a day. I am very happy with the Flavor and size. C I Delivery is the best. Always on time if not sooner than I expect. Just wish the search for LARGER Ring Guage was easier to navigate. Perhaps 60+ and 70+ Clicks."
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Make some time for this beauty!,"A smooth, flavorful smoke that's great for the golf course, on the beach or when ever you have a few hours to enjoy a great cigar!"
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,An amazing cigar!,Not for the faint of heart--it's massive! But perfect for the golf course!
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Golfers Smoke,This well crafted and nicely balananced cigar is perfect for a 18 hole round. The medium/full approach on the cigar improves as you go along. I will always have this one for golf season
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Love the Asylum 13 eighty's,"Great smoke, perfect ring size, great draw."
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Love it,"If I could I would fill my humidor with these. Good draw and burn great flavor and due to the size, they are like an all day sucker. Highly recommended."
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,great stick,I love all the different asylums regardless of the ring
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Big smokey.,Great smoke.
Asylum 13,4 out of 5,Big Fatty Arbuckle,"excellent smoke, long and flavorful"
Asylum 13,4 out of 5,Love the smoke,One of my favorite cigars.... I have to smoke an Asylum two-three times a week!
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Asylum 13,Love them!!! Smooth smoke great price!!!
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,flavor bomb,Wow great cigar with great flavor
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Excellent choice,"Ordered a five pack because this cigar has never disappointed. Even burn, tight ash, smooth draw. Taste profile includes spices, nuts, dark chocolate, and leather. You will not be disappointed."
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Still curing in my humidor.,Still curing in my humidor.
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Great cigar,never disappointed with this cigar.
Asylum 13,4 out of 5,Great Small Cigar,Great Small Cigar
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Deeeelish!,"I almost hate to write a good review on this cigar but here it goes. I ordered a 10 pack of Asylum 60's and was totally impressed with the level of quality and craftsmanship! Solid, firm construction, very nice aroma and perfect draw on every stick! For an inexpensive cigar this has got to be one of the most consistently made brands. Nice earthy, woody flavor with a slight taste of cinnamon this cigar is a perfect medium-full specimen and will remain a regular in my rotation. I was a little leery of the 60 ring vitola but I think the blend really shines with a larger size. I highly recommend this blend if you're looking for a long burning and cool smoking cigar that will not disappoint than this is one you should try."
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,A big hitter,"Very good smoke, very favorable, a regular in my humidor, when you light it you realize what a commitment you've made. Plus you'll get some pretty diverse comments."
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,SMOOTH SMOKE,I LOVE THE ASYLUM IT IS A EXCELLENT CIGAR
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Big Honker,"It is as good as some of the Cubans I have smoked. Bold and full of flavor. Not for the wimp but a Man's cigar. They are my ""Special"" cigar's that I pull out for certain events. Man up and get this Big Honker!"
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Asylum 13 is awesome,"I have to say that the first Asylum 13 i had was the GIGANTIC 80 gauge version which was a bit hard to smoke, but i really enjoyed the flavor so i ordered these robusto version, and i have to say that they are FANTASTIC. everything i could ever want in a full flavored, complex body cigar."
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,"a monster, a deeply smooth","a monster, a deeply smooth jawbreaker"
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,"lover of large ring cigars, here...",I am very pleased with my recent order and would like to try more extra large ring cigars. Any recommendations?
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Like a bat the hand and head,"Started a modest hobby of cigars about 2 months ago, only other time I smoked one (mostly pretending) was in the Military, passing a few around to share after a hard day of being a combat soldier was really lost to me at the time.
I been sampling, and my local humidor has been helping me find my likes. Asked him whats the biggest cigar he had... its this one. Really liked it, mid way flavor chance was nice, had a very enjoyable first light getting a nice crown on it, for me I was flying very high!
Im 6'4"", the cigar looks at home with me, left a very pleasant after smell in my place, kinda studious.
Finding the stronger cigars are for me.
Looking to order them when they get them in."
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,Great cigar!
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Thank you!,The order was delivered in a timely manner. I have had several orders from CI and have been very pleased.
Asylum 13 Authentic Corojo,4 out of 5,Give it a whack!,"Okay I love Christian eirora he does great work. This cigar is a gem as well. But personally asylum and him are where we dont meet. I'm no big ring gauge guy. I can only name about 5 cigars I prefer in a regular 6x60 size but on to this smoke it has smooth flavor and full strength even in the robusto size. I only rate this a 4 due to the lack of ""traditional sizes"""
Asylum 13 Authentic Corojo,5 out of 5,Cigar International is GREAT!,"For me its simple great customer service, the website is easy to navigate, I've never had a problem with my personal acct info and the best part everything I've ever ordered has come in two days. It's simple you order and you get your cigars period.So far i haven't had any damaged cigars they are always wrapped good. Keep up the good work!"
Asylum 13 Connecticut,5 out of 5,Sweet and spicy,"Delicious cigars. I’ve smoked quite a few of these, and I love them. They have a nice sweetness and a decent level of spice. They kind of remind me of the cigar version of hot tamales (not THAT spicy though lol)."
Asylum 13 Connecticut,4 out of 5,Asylum 13,Nice smoke
Asylum 13 Connecticut,5 out of 5,Very good stick! Easy draw,Very good stick! Easy draw and unique flavor.
Asylum 13 Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good value to add to you Mild repertoire.,I was turned on to this from a local cigar shop owner. Good smoke. I like the 5 x 50 better then the 7 x 70. The big ones got a little hot near the finish.
Asylum 13 Connecticut,5 out of 5,Fast and dependable,"Recieved cigars in great condition as posted will continue to order from CI,"
Asylum 13 Connecticut,5 out of 5,pretty smooth,all good
Asylum 13 Connecticut,5 out of 5,You'll Love These,"I was turned on to these cigars from a friend. If you enjoy a smooth cigar, then you need to order a box of these."
Asylum 13 Connecticut,5 out of 5,mild-medium smooth,"silky, smooth, and steady. The Asylum 13 Connecticut is a tasty, smooth, constant flavor smoke. When you want a mellow smoke that stays the same through out the hole cigar, get an Asylum 13 Connecticut."
Asylum 13 Connecticut,5 out of 5,Another Great CI Experience,"I tried this cigar at CigarFest - OMG what a great way to be introduced to a variety of products, most I'd have never tried otherwise - so good I had to buy some - very nice smoke - go for it, you won't be disappointed"
Asylum 13 Connecticut,2 out of 5,Asylum 13,I was not impressed with it. Too loosely wrapped cigar that did not burn well.
Asylum 13 Medulla Oblongata,5 out of 5,Won't Be Disappointed,"Great 2hr smoke, really enjoyed the smooth bite. Looking to add these to the humidor soon."
Asylum 13 Medulla Oblongata,5 out of 5,Thoroughly enjoyable in all aspects,"Wow. I am a casual cigar smoker, but this one is definitely up there on the list. Clean draw, rich, thick smoke, and a great flavor. I prefer a medium cigar usually, and this one keeps a great flavor throughout. Nice, even burn. If my humidor's weren't already full, I would order a few more of these, definitely."
Asylum 13 Medulla Oblongata,5 out of 5,Asylum is INSANELY great!!,"Wow! Great afternoon cigar. Superbly made, great draw and consistent flavor to the end!"
Asylum 13 Medulla Oblongata Maduro,5 out of 5,My New Favorite,"My favorite cigar is the pricey Liga Privada N0. 9. The Medula Oblongata is every bit as good at half the price. I don't write reviews but I had to share this good news. Great rich, complex, oily smoke."
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,Ogre 550,"Great smoke, bought a 5 pack to give them a try and I've already ordered more. Great even burn, never had to touch it up from first light all the way down to the nub. Will definitely add this to my regular rotation"
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,The Mean Green Ogre,It's a smooth and nice cigar to have in your humidor. Nice burn on it and great flavor with hints of spices and pepper. You gotta try an Ogre to appreciate it.
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,5. Star Great Smoke,5. Star Great Smoke
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,Great!,Great!
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,Asylum 13,"I love em
Rich flavor, good draw, long smoke
I would buy them again at that price!"
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,"""barber pole""","Love it,smooth,great taste,no after taste.Not for the faint of heart!"
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,Unique and enjoyable,"Highly recommend to those that have never had a candela or barber pole wrapped cigar. Creamy and unique flavors throughout. Great construction, 5 Stars."
Asylum 13 Ogre,3 out of 5,"Steve Yeager Reviews ""Asylum 13""","This cigar was well-constructed, burned evenly and had a nice full flavor, but lacked the good draw that I crave. Overall, a decent cigar."
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,The ogre,The 80 x 8” ogres are great. But plan an all day smoke.
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,My favorite cigar!!,A good quality cigar will definitely be purchasing again!!
Asylum 13 Ogre,4 out of 5,"Just the right size, great","Just the right size, great draw, bad chewer."
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,Asylum 13 great smokes!,I’ve purchased Asylum 13 cigars in all gauges and find them to be a great solid smoke. Top quality with a fair price.
Asylum 13 Ogre,3 out of 5,No value,Not worth the cost for the extra length and width. Loosely packaged and boxed
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,Awesome!!!,"Awesome Cigar, it draws a lot of attention due to the 2 tone."
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,Love these.,Great flavor and consistency. Sometimes an uneven burn. Make a commitment to a long session with a scotch or good book...
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,Asylum 13 cigars,Great cigars
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"I have had this before,great burn, great taste, a great ""everyday"" and special occasion cigar."
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,What to say about this monster of a cigar,"The flavor was great, it was laughable when i opened the box to see the size i guess i should have looked at the size a little closer 8"" by 70 ring lol. But if you have time its a great 3+ hour cigar. Perfect for breakfast, lunch and dinner :)"
Asylum 13 Ogre,4 out of 5,Cigars are great for on,Cigars are great for on the golf course.
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,Great cigar!!,"The appearance took me back a little, but after smoking it I instantly loved it. Great cigar!!"
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,Asylum 13 Ogre 660,Very smooth smoke full of flavor. Quickly became one of my favorite sticks.
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,Will buy again,Really like The Ogre cigar the over all favors are not powering.
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,Orge,Amazing smoke. Great flavor and hold ash very well. Ranks very high on my list of favorite cigars.
Asylum 13 Ogre,1 out of 5,not good,"very little smoke output, nothing special, maybe the size was the problem"
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,LOVE IT!!!,Excellent smoke....very smooth. This is one of my favorite smokes. Always have some. n the humidor. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!! This stick is on my TOP 4 GO-TO LIST....
Asylum 13 Ogre,4 out of 5,"Great stick, depending on construction.","Great cigar! Almost minty off the start, and a strong fully body throughout. One star off because mine had a bit of an uneven burn and actually tunneled out on me in the last third."
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,Ogre,I really enjoyed this cigar.
Asylum 13 Ogre,4 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,A Most Enjoyable Smoke,"A very enjoyable smoke, great taste, nice grey ash, just right with a nice sip of Bourbon."
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,Great 2 hour smoke!,Great 2 hour smoke!
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,A religious experience,Simply put...SUPERB!
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,Awesome cigar,"The cigars came a little dry, but a few days in the humidor and they we're perfect again. One of my absolute favorite cigars."
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Very pleased with my purchase. I have seen several friends smoking this cigar and they all said it was a good stick. So I decided to try it for myself. Glad I did and will be ordering them again very soon.
Asylum 33,4 out of 5,Good Smoke,They were a little dry when I received them so they were on the harsh side. Put them in my humidor for two weeks and they mellowed right out. All in all I think that they are worth the $$$.
Asylum Insidious,5 out of 5,Great smoke. Outstanding flavor,Great smoke. Outstanding flavor
Asylum Insidious,5 out of 5,Nice evening smoke,"Awesome, smooth, creamy, mild, smoked my first one until it burnt my fingers will definitely buy them again 👍🏻"
Asylum Insidious,4 out of 5,Asylum Insidious 764 cigar,I been smoking insidious cigars for two years and I have been pleased with the overall characteristics of the cigar. The ring size and length make it a perfect match for a game of golf on Wednesday and Saturday.
Asylum Insidious,5 out of 5,Insidious,smooth and sweet start.
Asylum Insidious,5 out of 5,Love Em!,This is smooth and sweet. I really enjoy this as an everyday cigar. I was big into Acid but Asylum is beating them in smoothness and flavor. Will be keeping these stocked in the humidor.
Asylum Insidious,5 out of 5,Another great cigar from Asylum!,"The box I purchased have all been good thus far. They burn well, although not 'tightly' rolled at all, some engage in uneven burning, but always return to an even line themselves. The draw is easy and always full of creamy smoke! I'll be buying more!"
Asylum Insidious,5 out of 5,Nice!🚬,"This was purchased by my son at the birth of my granddaughter. I had not smoked a cigar since I was a teen sneeking Swisher Sweet cigarillos on fishing trips. It lit easy, and stayed lit too. It had a cool smooth draw, and a smooth creamy finish. Nice stick for relaxing after a day on the beach! Would definitely want to have on hand for friends who want to hang out on the deck in the evenings."
Asylum Insidious,5 out of 5,insidious,awesome smoke
Asylum Insidious,4 out of 5,Mild,my favorite
Asylum Insidious,5 out of 5,Great cigar.,"May not be complex, but a great cigar to smoke with someone you are introducing to cigars for the first time.
I enjoy this cigar anytime, first one I had when introduced. Enjoy!"
Asylum Insidious,5 out of 5,Asylum Insidious 764,Surprising cigar with a sweet taste when your first start smoking then smooth until finished. Cigar burns well through smoke wether you play golf or enjoying wine or bourbon.
Asylum Insidious,5 out of 5,The best,A great smoke with a sweet after taste
Asylum Insidious,5 out of 5,Smooth,"I needed something mild and smooth, and the Insidious 764 were the perfect fit. Good sized cigar for a long relaxing smoke! I found a new favorite."
Asylum Insidious,5 out of 5,Good mild smoke,Good mild smoke
Asylum Insidious,5 out of 5,excellent piece,"my new favourite cigar, excellent. absolutely loving it. it burns nicely, great mild taste, pleasure to smoke one, or two..."
Asylum Insidious,5 out of 5,Mild taste and burned good,Mild taste and burned good
Asylum Insidious,3 out of 5,I don't think they shipped well... :-),"When I first tried these at a cigar shop, loved them.. I'm holding on to hope, but, when I received them, they were a little dry... first two, so far, went out on me 2 or 3 times and were a struggle to keep burning evenly for the first half of the smoke... but, beyond half, worked out alright...
I have the rest in the humidor to see if I can get them back to where I need them to be."
Asylum Insidious,4 out of 5,Pleasant,"Good beginners smoke great aroma smoke output was awesome burn evenly beginning to end flavors I got were earthy, cedar and some spice retrohale was subtle I rated a 80"
Asylum Insidious,5 out of 5,Experienced smokers don't shy away from this one!,"This is a cigar I probably would never have purchased. I typically smoke medium to full cigars and shy away from sweetened caps as a novelty beginner no flavor indication. To my surprise, this cigar is a flavor bomb. Sweet, cedar, pepper, and it falls in the medium range for me. Awesome morning cigar. Experienced cigar smokers don't shy away ... This is an amazing cigar and the price makes it a daily smoke."
Asylum Insidious,2 out of 5,"Not that great, sorry.","My default brand is Gurkha ..... but I like to try new on occasion. I did not like the Insidious. I have an excellent sense of taste, and to me these were bland ..... no flavor, no after taste. The wrapper was thin, the filler loose. It smoked fast and uneven. I know it's a harsh review, but ..... this just wasn't a very good cigar.
I'll stick with my Gurkha Evils for awhile before branching out again."
Asylum Insidious,4 out of 5,Great Smoke,"Good taste, burn and draw."
Asylum Insidious,5 out of 5,Great anytime cigar,I love the slightly sweet cap and mellow smoking of this cigar. Great with coffee for sure. Good construction and consistentcy. Will buy box soon
Asylum Insidious,4 out of 5,Good cigar,"good cigars at a good price
What else do you want"
Asylum Insidious,5 out of 5,"Insidious, possibly the working mans Davidoff!","Ok so I love the line, all the sizes and all 3 wrappers. This particular one if my favorite. The cap is sweet the cigar body is very mild and burns evenly throughout the smoke! Smoke em up!!"
Asylum Insidious,5 out of 5,"Best Cigar, Hands Down!","This cigar is hands down one of my favorites. The smoke was nice and smooth. The cigar left no aftertaste that was unpleasant, and the sweetened cap tied all of its beauty together. This could become a regular smoke for me, I would encourage cigar smokers new and old to try this if they haven't because it is well worth the money. I really can't say enough about this cigar. I have tried others from the Asylum brand, this has to be the one of the best ones they offer. I will be keeping these on hand for many years to come!"
Asylum Insidious,5 out of 5,Asylum Insidious 764,A great smooth cigar. I have to relight it at times.
Asylum Insidious,5 out of 5,very good cigar,smokes very smooth no after taste
Asylum Insidious,5 out of 5,1st Purchase,I had a great experience. The box of cigars I purchased were fresh and at a great price. I recommend this website to all my friends that are true cigar lovers.
Asylum Insidious,4 out of 5,Absolutely GORGEOUS cigar!,"Loved every bit of this beauty. Everything about it screams quality. Putting this on the top of my list of cigars to buy again and keep on hand. It's cheap enough, mild enough & looks good enough to hand out to friends who may be trying cigars for the first time. Perfect for the beginner just learning how to enjoy the hobby, with enough interesting taste & visual appeal to still interest the veteran.
Insidious has an absolutely gorgeous smooth creamy wrapper that is perfectly flawless. There is tons of billowy smoke, and the ash held for at least 2"" all the way thru, allowing for a nice cool smoke with an easy open draw. I don't have the refined taste of most cigar smokers...I don't taste 50 things in each stick. Usually just 1 or 2. To me this started out with a very mild coffee-ish flavor, and got a little stronger as it progressed thru the cigar. The flavor was very pleasant all the way down to the end. I thoroughly enjoyed every bit of this extremely well made hand-crafted jewel.
Took me an hour & a half to finish this. It was a long smoke, so enjoy it like I did, on the front porch enjoying perfect weather, a quality cigar, a cup of coffee & a good book."
Asylum Insidious Habano,4 out of 5,Sweet burn,Very nice cigar taste awesome and burned even. Will be getting more of these.
Asylum Insidious Habano,5 out of 5,Best budget cigar,Best budget cigar I've found --- great flavor for an AWESOME price!!
Asylum Insidious Habano,5 out of 5,Great cigars,They are great! I'm ordering more.
Asylum Insidious Habano,5 out of 5,Satisfied,Great Cigars
Asylum Insidious Maduro,5 out of 5,Very well satisfying,Very well satisfying
Asylum Insidious Maduro,5 out of 5,Insidious Maduro Tora,"I love this cigar, it has become my every day go to cigar!"
Asylum Insidious Maduro,5 out of 5,It's a great cigar.,"Great name; great taste; great price. It's insane, um... insidious."
Asylum Insidious Maduro,5 out of 5,Great savings!,Love this site. Painless ordering experience and fast shipping.
Asylum Insidious Maduro,5 out of 5,My best smoke,"Can't get enough of this cigar
The mildly sweet tip makes it perfect"
Asylum Insidious Maduro,5 out of 5,A pleasant enjoyable smoke.,"I thought this was a nice, wonderful smoke. I got one of these as part of a sampler. I didn't have high hopes but I was pleasantly impressed. The sweet taste of the wrapper was just right and pairs well with a cabernet."
Asylum Insidious Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigars,"These look like they would be strong flavored cigars, but they are just the right blend to make a great tasting smoke."
Asylum Insidious Maduro,4 out of 5,Nice smooth smoke especially for,Nice smooth smoke especially for the price.
Asylum Insidious Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent evening 'daily',"These are impressive cigars, especially at this price point, and for that I give them five stars.
The Maduro is just a tick up the strength meter from the Connecticut Insidious. Slight cocoa and notable spice, a slightly sweetened tip that doesn't interfere. Consistent construction and draw box after box."
Asylum Insidious Maduro,4 out of 5,Great Smoke But Construction Issues,I love the flavor profile of this stick. The initial sweetness is great. I would give this cigar 5 stars if it were not for an issue that I have run across with many of the Asylum products. They tend to canoe in the first 1/4 of the stick.
Asylum Insidious Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"Draw is good, plenty of flavor, all around a good smoke"
Asylum Insidious Maduro,5 out of 5,Asylum Insidious Maduro,"I rally enjoy the full bodied tastes in this cigar. It burns well and lasts a long time. Only one drawback, they flake a lot. But the good far outweighs this minor thing. I'll definitely be purchasing more!"
Asylum Insidious Maduro,4 out of 5,The perfect hint of sweetness.,This was an enjoyable cigar. I like the perfect touch of sweetness in the tip. It had an even burn and great flavor.
Asylum Insidious Maduro,1 out of 5,Asylum Insidious Maduro,"I've had Asylums I really liked, but a white owl with a plastic mouth piece
would have been better."
Asylum Insidious Maduro,5 out of 5,Great (and I mean great) daily cigar,"A very interesting cigar. Rich flavors including cocoa and light spice. A slightly sweetened tip that is pleasant but doesn't interfere. Consistently excellent construction, draw and burn (I'm on about my 8th box now). I give them two weeks in the humidor and they're hot to go. The quality, taste and reasonable price gets this one 5 stars."
Asylum Insidious Maduro,5 out of 5,great cigar for the money,great cigar for the money
Asylum Insidious Maduro,4 out of 5,overall a good deal,"not moist enough, the humidor will fix that. The sweetness on the end did not last the entire stick but overall it was worth the price. I prefer a more full flavor. if you like is mild, you would like this one"
Asylum Insidious Maduro,4 out of 5,pretty good!,light bodied maduro good flavor. cap slightly flavoured. I enjoyed it.
Asylum Insidious Maduro,5 out of 5,Incidious Maduro,Great everyday cigar.
Asylum Insidious Maduro,5 out of 5,Great,"Awesome Cigar has a sweet type wrapper, great smoke great taste all around inexpensive everyday Cigar."
Asylum Nyctophilia,5 out of 5,Favorite cigar,Favorite cigar
Asylum Nyctophilia,5 out of 5,My new go to,"My new go to stick. For me, this fits everything I look for in a good cigar. The construction is great, burn was spot on, and the flavors lasted all the way through. Nice pepper that stays with you throughout the entire time. I've noticed this has been my go-to cigar for the past few months. You will not be disappointed."
Asylum Nyctophilia,4 out of 5,The Dark Is Fantastic,"A great dark flavor of wood, coffee and spice. Love the gordo size!"
Asylum Nyctophilia,5 out of 5,great smoke,great smoke
Asylum Straight Jacket,5 out of 5,RSN,Just had my first stick. One of the most enjoyable ones i have had in a while! Nice burn and flavor! Will buy again.
Asylum Straight Jacket,5 out of 5,Straight jacket!!!,This thing had me pinned to the chair! So freaking good! Definitely recommended!
Asylum Straight Jacket,5 out of 5,awesome smoke,This is probably one of the best cigars I've ever had. I will definitely buy more.
Asylum Straight Jacket,5 out of 5,Wish come true,Great cigar always wanted to try one now I have thanks
Asylum Straight Jacket,5 out of 5,Awesome cigar!,Just an all around great cigar!! Smooth draw and plenty of smoke. My go to cigar when I stop for a break on my motorcycle.
Asylum Straight Jacket,5 out of 5,Perfection with a single malt,"A wonderful full flavored cigar, flavor lasts from beginning to end. Excellent width, compliments an 14 y/o single malt to perfection."
Asylum Straight Jacket,5 out of 5,Asylum Straight Jacket,The flavor of this stick is incredible. Nutty and smooth and delicious !
Avanti,5 out of 5,Tasty,Tasty
Avanti,5 out of 5,Very tasty,Very tasty
Avanti,5 out of 5,Big little cigar,"perfect for when I don't have time for a long smoke, great flavor and the ladies love the way they smell!"
Avanti,5 out of 5,QUICK DELIVERY,QUICK DELIVERY
Avanti,4 out of 5,Quality everyday cigar.,Quality everyday cigar.
Avanti,5 out of 5,"Great little cigar, taste is","Great little cigar, taste is great."
Avanti,4 out of 5,Aswesome smoke,"Great little cigar, smooth and smoked cool as well. Great licorice taste. Definite buy again"
Avanti,5 out of 5,Very good for a quick,Very good for a quick enjoyable smoke
Avanti,5 out of 5,very good for the price,very good for the price
Avanti,3 out of 5,Get past the initial stench & they're not bad!,"As soon as you get these, remove them from their wrappers and get 'em in your humidor!
The initial smell may nauseate you but give them time to mellow. They're really not bad, similar to Bandidos mild & sweet, my go to backyard cigar."
Avanti,5 out of 5,Nose turned up and tastebuds sent soaring!! Yahtzee!! Unexpectedly Great smoke!!,Purchased a 50 box thinking that if I liked black licorice I’d def have to give these a try. Upon receiving them found the open box odor especially not tantalizing even kind of strange on the nose like a wild animal had been let out of its cage🦍🧦. I was thinking that I just made a mistake and was ready to write these little sticks off at first scent. But was about to head off to work and decided to light one up.....for the drive and expected to toss it before approaching the first block from the house. But to my amazement glory!!!! 😁 first taste was totally worth the roll of the dice! Wow very great on the pallet! Tastes just like black licorice with a hint of menthol mint leaving the mouth feeling cool and very fresh👌🏽🤷🏻‍♂️🔥🔥. I was very surprised and this made me happy! Remember not to judge a book by its cover or smell ha! I will be enjoying these weekly I’m sure if not biweekly!! Very cool and pleasant tasty smoke!!
Avanti,3 out of 5,avanti box,"I ve been smoking these for years, really like them but the last couple deliveries had quite a few cracked cigars which was frustrating and disappointing but for that I would have given them five stars, thankyou LAN."
Avanti,5 out of 5,Nice little cigar.,"Maybe a true aficionado might not care for them, but for a quick everyday cigar, they’re great."
Avanti,5 out of 5,Avanti,Best deal for these great short smokes.
Avanti,5 out of 5,keeps da skitters away,my fishish gar awesome
Avanti,5 out of 5,Good smoking,Good smoking
Avanti,5 out of 5,Avanti,great little cigar
Avanti,5 out of 5,Delight,Extremely good tasting cigar for the time spent.
Avanti,4 out of 5,Very good cigars!,Very good cigars!
Avanti,5 out of 5,Love the Avanti good price,Love the Avanti good price
Avanti,4 out of 5,avanti,good smoke could be better made
Avanti,4 out of 5,As advertised...,As advertised...
Avanti,5 out of 5,"Needed like a ""hammer"" in a toolbox","...fantastic licorice-flavored smoke...delicious if you enjoy sweet change-up!!! Every cigar enthusiast must have in rotation and quick smoke, like a hammer in to a tool box. ...a ""must-have"" on hand! For me...though, I do think these little buggars are rolled too tightly...for many have ""hard draw, but no biggie"""
Avanti,5 out of 5,Good as advertised,Good as advertised
Avanti,4 out of 5,Black liquorich,"If you like black liquorich, this tasty little smoke is for you!"
Avanti,5 out of 5,perfect size and great smell,my husband loves these cigars and so do I because they smell so good and he likes the smaller size sometimes for a change
Avanti,4 out of 5,I'll wait for the price to come down.,"One of my faves, but the price went up 25%. I'll wait..."
Avanti,4 out of 5,Avanti Vanilla,Not bad at all.
Avanti,5 out of 5,Smoked them for years and,Smoked them for years and always liked them
Avanti,5 out of 5,Avanti,"They are great, love the flavor. Smoke them while driving for work. Also love Gurka cigars, but not while I'm driving, not enough time to enjoy ."
Avanti,5 out of 5,"Subtle Infusion, Maximum Enjoyment","If you're not into super-sweet infused sticks, don't be turned off by the ""Vanilla"" in the title. Despite the addition of some flavor, it's a good vanilla, a pure vanilla, more akin to vanilla extract. It's not a candyesque or fake vanilla. It's not overly sweet but adds a wonderful taste and scent. In terms of quality, I maybe had a small issue with one or two sticks in the entire box. But Avanti is good with quality and generally very consistent. They are the brand to get if you're looking for smaller smokes. Pull the trigger on these; they're fantastic!"
Avanti,1 out of 5,avanti review,I been smokin these cigars a while and lately they been very bad they are so dried out that they brake apart
Avanti,3 out of 5,Cigars were hard an dry,Was disappointed with purchase. Too dry hard to smoke
Avanti,5 out of 5,Always like them.,Always like them.
Avanti,3 out of 5,Avanti,The box u sent wasn't all anisette.Some cigars didn't draw well.I am not impressed.
Avanti,5 out of 5,Avanti,"Wonderful as a cigar smoker i can appreciate a good quick smoke to tide me over until my next cigar. Thanks for having them available, the flavors not bad either."
Avanti,5 out of 5,They are great!,They are great!
Avanti,4 out of 5,Avanti Box Singles,"Quality control in the manufacturing process has slipped over the years.
Littles holes in the outer wrapper allows them to burn unevenly. This never used to be the norm with these cigars, but it is now and has been a problem for some time."
Avanti,4 out of 5,Avant,Great little cigar after dinner with nice cold drink
Avanti,5 out of 5,Favorite smoke,My husband loves these cigars for a relaxing smoke and I enjoy the smell.
Avanti,5 out of 5,Avanti,"Always pleasant smoke, very happy with my purchase, sometimes Cigars have cracks and holes"
Avanti,5 out of 5,This is a great tasting cigar.,"Tastes good, smells good, mild."
Avanti,5 out of 5,Long Time User,"I smoke different cigars, but for a refreshing change, the Avanti is one of the best. It has a great flavor, but it will get you a little high from the Liqueur in them. Still one of my best smokes."
Avanti,5 out of 5,Vanilla Avanti Cigars,"Good little cigars, great taste, stay lit while you are active, and individually wrapped for freshness."
Avanti,5 out of 5,A anti in box better,A anti in box better than the loose ones
Avanti,5 out of 5,Beautiful aroma with a great deal.,"I've been buying Avanti anisette cigars for quite some time now and this is the best deal for them. Even the misses likes the aroma and hates other cigar smoke, like most people do. A little tough keeping them lit but a nice, quick smoke. I like to compare the looks of them to Clint Eastwood's stogie's in the spaghetti western movies of the 60's.
Shipped right to your door. Can't get better than that. ENJOY!"
Avanti,5 out of 5,Love these little things!,"Most little cigars don't last more than 20 minutes or so (my experience). These are real cigars that last considerably longer and maintain real flavor, apparently because of the choice of tobaccos and simple hand-rolled design. If you don't like the scent of anise, don't by these. I don't recommend you put them in a humidor with your other premiums - the scent from these are bound to overwhelm them!"
Avanti,5 out of 5,Great quick smoke,Great quick smoke
Avanti,5 out of 5,After dinner cigar,The Avanti is my all-time favorite after dinner cigar it’s full of flavor and well-made at a great price.
Avanti,5 out of 5,Avanti,"Been smoking these anisett (licorice) flavored cigars for years.
Enjoy them when you don't have time for a full toro."
Avanti Ramrod,5 out of 5,Good smoking cigar,Good smoking cigar
Avanti Ramrod,5 out of 5,Great Reasonably Priced Everyday Cigar,I have been smoking these Ramrod’s off and on since 1974. I wouldn’t stick with them if they weren’t good!
Avanti Ramrod,5 out of 5,Ramrod,Best I have had recently. CI have the freshest! Buy here!
Avanti Ramrod,4 out of 5,Ram Rod,Great everyday smoke
Avanti Ramrod,4 out of 5,Great flavor good smoke sometimes,Great flavor good smoke sometimes rolled a little tight but nothing that's a deal breaker
Avanti Ramrod,5 out of 5,Best smoke for the best price,"These cigars are awesome, I love the flavor."
Avanti Ramrod,4 out of 5,Tasty cheroot,"Bought these to tide me over until banditos come back into stock. Much tighter rolled with almost a menthol aspect. Good little smoke for fishing, light chores around the yard, etc."
Avanti Ramrod,5 out of 5,Cheroots,Good cigar I miss the Swisher Outlaws before they repackaged and resized them
Avanti Ramrod,5 out of 5,Ramrod Deputy,"The ones I bought recently were great, what a difference from the last ones I bought. I will buy them again and hopefully they will be as good as the last ones I bought!"
Avanti Ramrod,5 out of 5,Ram Rod Kings,"I can't say enough great things about these cigars. They are flavorful, mild, do not burn too fast or too slow and are perfect for daily breaks or if stuck in traffic. In the beginning I was partial to the Parodi Kings, but once I've discovered the RoamRod, nothing else will do. Flavor is just right. Highly recommend them to anyone who needs a fantastic cigar at a great price point."
Avanti Ramrod,5 out of 5,Avanti ramrod,Great little smoke I cut them down to whatever size I want 10 minutes smoke 15 minutes nice aroma
Avanti Ramrod,5 out of 5,Ramrods,Fast service and as described. 5 Stars!
Avanti Ramrod,5 out of 5,Ramrods,"They are a great, very good conversational smoke."
Avanti Ramrod,3 out of 5,Don't taste like bourbon to this Kentucky kid,"--> Brian H, to me they tasted like bubble gum. Big disappointment as I'm a bourbon-loving Kentuckian. I prefer the anisette flavor."
Avanti Ramrod,5 out of 5,"My Favorite ""Every Day"" Cigar for 44 Years","I have been smoking these since 1974 when I discovered them at a truck stop in Breezewood PA! They came in and out of my life as I moved around the county and I was able to find them. I recall there was a tobacco shop on King Street in Old Town Alexandria that I frequented in the 80's that use to take the RamRods out of the packaging and put them in a fancy box in their humidor, call them ""Virginia Cheroot"" and charged 5 times as much for them... . Anyway, I found them at a shop in Steubenville Ohio a few years ago and they became my everyday cigar. When I started doing work during the week in Tunkhannock PA I decided to look them up on the internet when I ran out of my stash and discovered to my pleasant surprise that the Avanti factory was in Scranton PA - 30 minutes away.... Yipee! I started buying them from the factory until I went back to Steubenville. Then I looked around the internet and found that the best price was on Cigars International. I have good luck ordering a couple of boxes every few months and only once can I recall they were out of stock. Give them a try - you won't be disappointed. I smoke them regularly when working in the used bookstore my wife and I own in Downtown Steubenville (BookMarx Bookstore) and I get a lot of comments from folks who comment on the good aroma!"
Avanti Ramrod,5 out of 5,Best Smoke Ever,Excellent
Avanti Ramrod,5 out of 5,I have been smoking Avanti Brands for over 20 Years This Is My Favorite.,I enjoy the rich flavor of this cigar. It reminds me of dark tobacco leaf cigars.
Avanti Ramrod,5 out of 5,Awesome smokes!!!,"I order these every year for my annual week long fishing trip and they never fail me. Good smokes for things like fishing or sitting on your front porch after a long day at work. Only thing is I don’t know how to keep them moist, as the bourbon in the cigars do tend to evaporate quickly"
Avanti Ramrod,5 out of 5,OK Cigar,These are great for having a short smoke.
Avanti Ramrod,5 out of 5,Good Cigar,Best dry cured cigar. Smoked them for many years. Flavored with bourbon.
Avanti Ramrod,5 out of 5,Nice tasty small cigar,"These cigars can be a bit strong to some folks, but they do have a good flavor. they smoke slow for a small thin cigar. I like them best when working outside or enjoying the outdoors."
Avanti Ramrod,5 out of 5,Far from what they used to be,"Last nought these 2 years ago. In that time, this cigar has gone the way so many others have in order to maintain a price point. While the price has gone up only slightly, the cigar has also dropped in quality and build equally. To start, ring gauge now fluctuates wildly at the same time less tobacco appears to be used per cigar. Soft rolls, quality control in general has crossed off another cigar off the list for me. I can understand price increases, but I can't abide by manufacturers cheapening the product in content and quality in order to maximize profits. Sadly this seems to have happened years ago to another popular brand as well and likely many others I haven't smoked. Either way, no more parodi for me."
Avanti Ramrod,5 out of 5,Loved these for decades!,"I have been burning these babies down for decades! When you pry open the box for the first time, the aroma is intoxicating, pardon the pun. It is a wonderful bourbon whiff, not bubble gum, as some have stated. Also, one reviewer mentioned them being hard to draw and put them in a humidor.....big mistake! These are DRY CURED cigars! They are not meant to be humidified. You can keep them in your fridge, but NOT in your humidor. Of course they will plump up when humidified and make them impossible to smoke. Give them another try and keep them out of your humidor, please!"
Avanti Ramrod,5 out of 5,they are the best rough,they are the best rough rolled cigar I have smoked.
Avanti Ramrod,5 out of 5,LOVE MY RAMRODS,WAS SO HAPPY TO FIND THEM AND FOR A GREAT PRICE
Avanti Ramrod,4 out of 5,A cigar that will wake you up in the morning.Strong and Tasty,"while these cigars may be a bit too strong for many folks they have a tremendous flavor and are tightly wrapped for a slow smoke. These are my go to cigar for when I am in the shop or working outside on a project. Or the perfect cigar to go with a beer while cooking out on the grill.
GRIZZ"
Avanti Ramrod,5 out of 5,"Easy, Fast and Economical",I have put 4 or 5 orders in over the past year and each one has been delivered quickly with frech cigars. No complaints here!
Avanti Ramrod,2 out of 5,"Great tobacco, poor draw","These are great cigars--when you get one that draws. They are very tightly rolled, so if you put them in a humidor, they will swell shut. Nipping off the foot and drawing from the head fixes the problem sometimes. The generous length does mean you have room to experiment. But I don't think I'd order again."
Avanti Ramrod,5 out of 5,could not be easier,could not be easier
Avanti Ramrod,5 out of 5,I love Ramrod,I guess I am not the most cigar savvy person but I love Ramrods and all the Aventi cigars I have tried. The only draw back being the cigars sometimes burn funny. I love the flavor!
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,Lovely Cigar,Must try at this price! Well constructed and just a beauty of a cigar.
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,ave maria,Thought I'd give them a try. Too strong for me.
Ave Maria,4 out of 5,Solid choice,"Burned consistently with good flavor. Some splitting under the label, but that could've been me. Overall I would enjoy these again."
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,To strong for me,To strong for me
Ave Maria,4 out of 5,Smooth stick,"Very open draw, even burn and does not get hot until you are down to the clip. Only negative is burns eveny, but quickly. Typical smooth Ave"
Ave Maria,3 out of 5,Good smoke . A good,Good smoke . A good go to cigar .
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,Excellent Mild Flavor ENJOY!!!,Excellent Mild Flavor ENJOY!!!
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,Great selection of sticks,Great selection of sticks
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,Knights Templar,A nice smoke.
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,Ave Maria,A very nice smoke.
Ave Maria,4 out of 5,Lovely cigar,Lovely cigar
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,A great smokes,A great smokes
Ave Maria,4 out of 5,Nice cigar with a good,Nice cigar with a good burn
Ave Maria,4 out of 5,Not to bad,Not to bad
Ave Maria,4 out of 5,Very Good,A good cigar. Would buy again.
Ave Maria,4 out of 5,Nice smooth smoke that won't,Nice smooth smoke that won't break the bank
Ave Maria,4 out of 5,I’m not an expert. I,"I’m not an expert. I purchase my cigar when their on sale
I do like the taste of them, but they go soft whiling smoking making the end collapse."
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,Nice cigar,"good construction, nice draw."
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,A favorite -good quality & taste & construction.
Ave Maria,4 out of 5,A very nice smoke,A very nice smoke
Ave Maria,4 out of 5,Review,"Nice smoke! Good flavor, smooth taste."
Ave Maria,4 out of 5,Punch AD & Ave Maria KT,"I enjoy a maduro cigar because of the flavor and the Punch After Dinner brings it and I rarely have a problem with how it burns. Its also a good price for the quality and size.
I smoke the Ave Maria Knights Templar as a change of pace and when I want something a little lighter, but not too much lighter, than my standard Punch maduro. It is a very smooth smoking cigar and burns well."
Ave Maria,4 out of 5,Satisfying,Satisfying
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,AJ Fernandez has become my,AJ Fernandez has become my favorite cigar. The whole AJ Fernandez collection
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,AJ never misses. Can't go,AJ never misses. Can't go wrong with any of his cigars.
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,Good Smoke,Good Smoke
Ave Maria,4 out of 5,Soft and pleasant cigar,Soft and pleasant cigar
Ave Maria,4 out of 5,Very nice,Smooth and subtle with a heavy tone and easy smoking
Ave Maria,4 out of 5,Thumbs up,Thumbs up
Ave Maria,4 out of 5,Nice smoke,Nice smoke
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,Good deal,Great smokes- great price
Ave Maria,4 out of 5,Strong flavor and cool long,Strong flavor and cool long pulls of smoke
Ave Maria,4 out of 5,Good medium bodied cigars,Good flavor and easy draw
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,Winner,"Well constructed, easy draw, plenty of smoke and great flavor."
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,Unique,"Robust & Spicy, a fantastic smoke!"
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,Awesome,Awesome
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,Smokes,Awesome smokes!
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,Great,"Had one right out of the package and wasn’t impressed, too light, lacked flavor. Ten or so days later had another and it was the complete opposite experience. I was amazed at how awesome these are. Gave one to my buddy and he loves them too. Overall a great medium bodied feeling smoke with a great aroma and taste... just make sure they age a bit in your humidor first!! I will definitely be exploring this brand more."
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,Nice,Nice
Ave Maria,4 out of 5,"They are ok, not tight","They are ok, not tight"
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,Delicious.. smooth..,Delicious.. smooth..
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,Mellow cigar,"Nice mellow cigar, excellent draw, and great taste."
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,Smooth cigars enjoyed everyone of,Smooth cigars enjoyed everyone of them
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,Ave Maria Crusaders,Excellent Cigars
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,Another great cigar from Ave!,Another great cigar from Ave!
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,Little known hit..,One of my favorites.
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,One of my favorite everyday,One of my favorite everyday smokes.
Ave Maria,4 out of 5,Like the song,"Good flavor, consistent burn, medium to full"
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,Good smoke. Always been a,Good smoke. Always been a fan of Ava Marias. Only down fall is that I got the short sticks instead of the long sticks! Highly recommend. Recommend the sample pack of 5 ava Maria and 5 Gurkha beauty. Two of my fav cigars
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,"smooth, creamy","smooth, creamy"
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Great flavor!,Great flavor!
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Ave Maria Argentum,"Daily mainstay, works for me."
Ave Maria Argentum,4 out of 5,Smooth and flavorful,Smooth and flavorful
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,I really enjoyed this cigar,I really enjoyed this cigar would buy again
Ave Maria Argentum,4 out of 5,Good smoke.,Tad spicy on light. Mellows into toasty cocoa. Very pleasant finish
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,I love these and the price is right!!
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Great cigar! CI is still,Great cigar! CI is still the best value and the best in customer service.
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Awesome cigar,"Another great Ave Maria from AJ Fernandez. Great smoke , medium with a phenomenal finish. Highly recommend."
Ave Maria Argentum,4 out of 5,"Good smoker, easy draw and","Good smoker, easy draw and even burn. A great cigar at a great price."
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,"Excellent cigar ,easy draw,the only mistake I made should have gotten them longer,very enjoyable!"
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Awesome,Awesome
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Never disappointed with this choice.,Never disappointed with this choice.
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,"One of my all time favorites, a truly enjoyable smoke !!",One of my all time favorites. Just a truly enjoyable cigar !!!
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Awesome Cigar! cool looking as well!,"Really great smoke, goes really nice with a good German Bavarian Beer. The Templar Knight on the cigar band just looks cool!"
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Heavy duty Maduro,"Maduri Powerhouse.. it’s rare that a Maduro punches me in the mouth with flavor, but these are a serious smoke. Great looking stick, excellent draw and construction. Will buy again."
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,A Reliable Choice,"Good, strong flavor that remained consistent until the end."
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Would Get Again,"Nothing bad to say about these. Good flavor from start to end. Excellent construction that's easy to smoke with long ashes. I accidentally ordered 10 of these, but what a happy accident it was!"
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Awesome,"Love this cigar! Draws a little tight starting off,but opens up once you get past the foot. After that, you’re in for an hour of tasty goodness. Highly recommended!"
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,This stay's in my rotation,"Slow burning , smooth taste , one of my favorites"
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,skydive in to this one,yippy kai yay this is as good as it gets
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,meaty chew toy,"This was a hearty slow burning cigar with a crisp ash. For those that like to chew on their cigar as they smoke, it was meaty and flavorful. Paired with a cup of coffee I enjoyed the flavor profile down to the nub."
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Lovely Cigar!!,"I truly enjoy this cigar. I tend to prefer the Morning Star (Perfecto) shape and it provides a VERY SMOOTH smoke with a medium-to-medium-full body--closer to medium than medium-full. The taste is slightly sweet with almost no bitterness whatsoever (a real plus)!! I get the flavors of charred wood, dark coffee, and a hint of spice--and the smoke aroma is quite pleasant. There is an aftertaste that I cannot specifically define (a bit herbal) that I also find quite interesting. Not necessarily the best cigar I've ever smoked, but it's still a ""Lovely Cigar""!"
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Ave Maria Argentum,"Excellent smoke, perfect Maduro. One of my favorites when I can get them at a reasonable price."
Ave Maria Argentum,4 out of 5,Surprisingly Good.,"This cigar is very good. I got it in a sampler and I wasn't sure of what I was purchasing because I had never smoked one of these before. After I lit it, it started kind of spicy and strong, but after 5 minutes it got smooth and nice. Love it and I'll buy it again."
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,outstanding smoke!,outstanding smoke!
Ave Maria Argentum,4 out of 5,BOOM,"This is a great looking ""Stick"", beautiful Maduro wrapper. Excellent cold draw, hints of sweetness and barnyard. Great draw and combustion all through out. Highly recommended!!!"
Ave Maria Argentum,4 out of 5,Yummy,Great cigar well worth the price!!
Ave Maria Argentum,4 out of 5,Great experience,"Beautiful appearance and construction, oily looking Maduro wrapper. Cold draw notes of fruits and camphor (lightly). Good draw with a better combustion, burnt and smoke outtake was outstanding. Nice transition, flavors from wood, spices and a touch sweet..."
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Great price,"One of my favorite smokes smooth an tasty,great after work smoke ,Gene B."
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Ave Maria argentum,"Great flavor, smoked nice . Would recommend to others. Thanks for the deal."
Ave Maria Argentum,4 out of 5,Flawless construction,"I got a free 10 pack box of Argentum Morning star with the Ave Maria top 10 sampler. I’m just not getting to the last 5 6 months later and I have had no issues what so ever with any part of the cigar, construction or performance. The flavors are not in my preferred wheel house, but the cigar is excellent. A taste of dried leafs at the initial light, but it quickly fades into a chocolatey oak flavor, profile is pretty consistent til the nub. A few additions along the way. But if you like the darker tastes and rich smoke then this is a prefect smoke to try."
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,I am not a big,I am not a big maduro fan I find many have a strong and hardy taste profile that a don't prefer. I like this one. I find it be smooth and medium strength. If I am asked to recommend a maduro it's Ave Maria Argentum or Brick house maduro.
Ave Maria Argentum,4 out of 5,Great taste,Great tasting smooth taste all the way down would buy again
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Outstanding,Outstanding
Ave Maria Argentum,4 out of 5,Ave Maria Argentum Robusto is,"Ave Maria Argentum Robusto is nice, easy draw"
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Ave Maria,This is a top quality smoke and at the top of AJ Fernandez Man O' War
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Ava maria,Packaged perfectly
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,just starting to smoke and,just starting to smoke and all the ones that I have order are so great thank you
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Amazing Smoke,"AJ Fernandez is truly a gifted genius in his trade. The texture, the complexity, the taste, the burn is of the Ave Maria amazing. Truly priceless."
Ave Maria Argentum,4 out of 5,Every Day,Quality smoke. My wrappers were really dry when I got them but I was able to hyper hydrate them in the humidor. A very nice smoke for a weekday.
Ave Maria Argentum,4 out of 5,Nice,Nice
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Cool,This was a cool smoke
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Ave Maria,"Excellent cigar, I will be buying more."
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,VERY SMOOTH GREAT BURN,VERY SMOOTH GREAT BURN
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Brilliant cigar,Plenty of flavor. Just gets better as it goes
Ave Maria Argentum,4 out of 5,Juicy,Juicy
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Full flavor. Quick delivery just,Full flavor. Quick delivery just as promised.
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Great taste and good burn.,Great taste and good burn. A great end of the day cigar!
Ave Maria Dark Knight,5 out of 5,Best Ave Maria yet!,"Fantastic cigar. The wrapper has a leathery feel similar to Padron. Very smooth and tasty from the first draw all the way down to the nub. I will say that I had to relight a couple of times and the draw was tight at the beginning, but it opened up nicely and the taste trumped any of these minor issues. I'm not good at describing flavor notes but I will agree with those who taste chocolate and coffee. All I know is that I liked it a lot."
Ave Maria Dark Knight,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar!,"Another winner from A. J.! Tremendous flavors, balance, construction, and draw with a near perfect burn. CANNOT PUT IT DOWN!"
Ave Maria Dark Knight,5 out of 5,Fantastic new blend that lives up to the name Ave Maria.,"I didn't know if Ave Maria was capable of outdoing their Reconquista and argentum blends, but I think they might have just succeeded. If not surpassed, The Dark Knight is definitely one of the best.
The construction is fantastic, the draw is consistent between sticks in that it is smooth and reliable, the burn is great, and the flavors ... oh boy, the flavors.
I have found that it is rich with dark chocolate, caramel, a few notes of nuttiness, and a hint of leather and coffee.
Fantastic new stick. I will buy again.
Also hoping they end up making these things in a gordo."
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,GOOD,GOOD
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Unbelievable,Unbelievable
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Divinia,Aways a delightful experience
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Smooth,Just Right
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,My new favorite. Replaces the,My new favorite. Replaces the Aging Room F55 Quattro which you can no longer find out there
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar!,Excellent cigar!
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,A Real Treat,"Though Graycliff 30 year vintage is my preferred brand, these Ave Marias are truly an excellent smoke, even burning and very flavorful down to the stub. Frankly, the fancy double box presentation makes them seem very special and may well influence my response to their taste. It's certainly an impressive way to treat a friend for a special occasion. Highly recommended."
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Great Smokes,A smooth & even burn in every draw.
Ave Maria Divinia,4 out of 5,Good,Good but stronger than I expected
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Fantastic cigar,"A smooth, perfect cigar!"
Ave Maria Divinia,4 out of 5,Thumbs up,"I’ve come to have high expectations of the Ava Maria lines. This one does not disappoint at all. Very smooth with lovely subtle flavors throughout the smoke. Light and enjoyable. I gave 3 away and smoked 2 for myself. A small note, I only give away a cigar if I would recommend it. This one is no exception.
I would highly recommend this for any enthusiast to try at least once. The only reason I give it 4/5 is I have had better at the same price or lower. It is good for sure but not on my top list."
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Great Stciks,These are good AF!
Ave Maria Divinia,4 out of 5,Sweet woody cedar and a bit of cream,"Pre-Light
Warm tobacco/ with almond smell. Medium brown wrapper with a few vines showing. Easy draw, but no real taste coming thru.
First Third
First puff was bitter, and immediately move to a sweet woody flavor, maybe a slight note of cinnamon. The draw is perfect with lots of smoke.
Second Third
Still has the sweet woody cedar and a bit of cream. The burn is good and the ash is loose. You will not be winning any ash contest with this cigar. The flavor is good.
Last Third
Carry the same flavor all the way.
Final Thoughts
I would definitely smoke this cigar again. After the first few puffs the cigar really was very enjoyable."
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Tasty stick!,"One tasty stick! Easy draw, several flavors and a great burn. One of my favorite in my humidor."
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,"Smooth, even smoke right down","Smooth, even smoke right down to a nub. All good."
Ave Maria Divinia,4 out of 5,Great smoke. Hold together well,Great smoke. Hold together well burns evenly. Perfect for a fall day.
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,very nice and tasty cigar,very nice and tasty cigar good from start to finish with no surprise at the end one of my favorites
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Top 5 in my list,Got 2 of these in a sampler pk. wow what can I say.. One of my favorite brands to add to my list .. Nother thing i like about sampler pk is you get to test so many brands with out breaking the bank ..
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Stupendous Flavor with a Fantastic Burn.,"Everytime I went to order this Cigar it was always sold out, I was finally able to get The Ave Maria Divinia and I can not tell you how satisfying this Stogie was, The flavor was mild and left an awesome aroma in the room, it tasted fresh amd flavorful all the way to the nub. Ive smoked a lot of cigars where the burn was lopsided but I have smoked 4 of the Divinia's so far and the burn has been even every time. This is hands down one of the best if not the best Cigar I have smoked over the years. I would recommend that every body needs to try it."
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Shockingly Smooth,Unusually smooth for a cigar like this.
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Awesome Cigar,"One of the best sticks I've ever smoked. Even burn, loads of silky smooth smoke. Flavors just keep coming right to the nub."
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,cigar review,Excellent smoking cigar
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Ave Maria Divinia,"Fantastic smoke, beautiful construction (flawless) Perfect draw and burn. I enjoyed it even more than the Reconquista."
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Ave Maria Divinia,"Possibly the best smoke I have had in a long time. Thank you .. well balanced with a great draw..a little sweetness, rich, but not overpowering. Divinia has an even burn and you can keep it a cool burn. A cigar at peace."
Ave Maria Divinia,4 out of 5,Excellent cigars,One of my favorite sticks. Awesome flavor and flawless burn.
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Great Light Smoke,"This is a smooth, light smoke."
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,GREAT CIGARS!!!!GREAT COMPANY!!!!,"I can't be more happy with these wonderful cigars and at a Great Price.
Thank you Cigars International you are my only source for Cigars."
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Divinia Divine!!,Extremely enjoyable stick. I have bought these several times. A great medium smoke.
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Extremely smooth stick,This is the smoothest stick I have smoked. An instant favorite of mine.
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Waooo,"Lleno todas mis expectativas , muy bueno"
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Wonderful Smoke,"I don’t spend serious money unless the cigar has earned that right. In this case the only way was to try it once and see if it made the cut. I was blown away with this smoke, VERY smooth, ample smoke and great little notes just kept popping up making my satisfaction complete. This is a great smoke, certainly not every day, but I put a few up for when that craving strikes me. Recommend a definite try."
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Would purchase this package again.,Never had these before. Really liked them. Good flavor and a damn good smoke!
Ave Maria Divinia,4 out of 5,For something I never tried,"For something I never tried before,it was good for an afternoon session or with coffee in the morning. Smoked pretty good."
Ave Maria Divinia,4 out of 5,"Smooth, slow , even burn","Smooth, slow , even burn throughout.... a great smoke to sit back and relax to in your favorite lounge chair !"
Ave Maria Divinia,3 out of 5,Okay cigar.,Okay cigar.
Ave Maria Divinia,3 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Ave Maria Divinia,4 out of 5,SOLID,Overall a very enjoyable smoke. The wrap/press is a bit loose and results in frequent ashing. Otherwise very good.
Ave Maria Divinia,3 out of 5,Ave Maria,Not a bad smoke have had these before wouldn't mind smoking them but for the price there's other smokes that are equivalent or better with a lower price
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Good,Good
Ave Maria Divinia,4 out of 5,Enjoyable,Had pretty good flavor. I would buy again if the price was right.
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,"Smooth, great draw. Simply delicious","Smooth, great draw. Simply delicious"
Ave Maria Divinia,4 out of 5,not bad,not bad
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Great great cigar,"Smooth, full of flavor with tremendous balance."
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Great sticks,Pretty good stick with great flavor and draw.
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Great cigars,Great cigars
Ave Maria Divinia,4 out of 5,One bad one,"One cigar had issues with the wrapper, only reason for the decreased rating."
Ave Maria Divinia,4 out of 5,Ave Maria Divinia,"Smooth, mello. Very good for casual cigar smoker."
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Would buy,Wonderful taste. Light surprise
Ave Maria Immaculata,4 out of 5,I liked them,I liked them
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Great smoke,A high quality cigar at a very reasonable cost
Ave Maria Immaculata,4 out of 5,Burned very well,Burned very well
Ave Maria Immaculata,4 out of 5,Very good light balance smooth,Very good light balance smooth
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Very mild and delicious cigar,Very mild and delicious cigar
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Love the spiciest,Love the spiciest
Ave Maria Immaculata,4 out of 5,"exciting, and at times surprisingly","exciting, and at times surprisingly good taste."
Ave Maria Immaculata,4 out of 5,"To draw , good burn,","To draw , good burn, good taste"
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Great smoke. Nice and smooth,Great smoke. Nice and smooth with good even butn
Ave Maria Immaculata,4 out of 5,Take with water,Spicier than I would have guessed. Solid smoke.
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,A new favorite,It burns faster than other cigars with an even ash throughout. Its good for a quicker smoke with good flavor and I ended up smoking it down very short.
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Shade king,"Beautiful smoky shade cigar. These hefty cigars give you a great volume of tasty, mild smoke. Very enjoyable."
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Smooth from start to finish,Smooth from start to finish
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,happy,good cigar draws very smooth and consistent
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Solid Cigar,"Very fine cigar. Excellent burn, easy draw. Perfect mild to medium cigar. Would recommend."
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Perfect gift and deal. Got,Perfect gift and deal. Got everything no problems!
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Consistent burn and very smooth.,AM Immaculata a great find and now my solid goto for my customers.
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,An awesome stick would get again in a heartbeat.
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,awesome smoke,awesome smoke
Ave Maria Immaculata,4 out of 5,A very good cigar,"Was a good mild and mellow cigar.Not to strong. This cigar has good flavors. A good cigar to help a beginner understand basics. Also makes a good cigar, as a gift for someone.."
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Ave Maria,"One of the smoothest, tastiest smokes ever."
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Exquisite,"Having accepted the fact all cigars taste pretty much the same (to me), it's rare I happen upon a smoke I appreciate as really-really good. The Ave Maria Immaculate is one such a cigar."
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Awesome smoke. Smooth with good,Awesome smoke. Smooth with good taste
Ave Maria Immaculata,4 out of 5,very nice cigar,very nice cigar
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Great cigar. Need more specials,Great cigar. Need more specials
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,perfect cigars,"perfect cigars, very aromatic, this modul entry in my top 3."
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Awesome Cigar,Great cigar for the price.
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Ave Maria Immaculata Belicosa. Tried,"Ave Maria Immaculata Belicosa. Tried one for the first time and it hadn't had time to rest....Even burn, great taste, looking forward to the next one. Great stick for the price.."
Ave Maria Immaculata,4 out of 5,Ave Maria!,"Great construction, burn, and pack. It's a little spicy and then mellows a bit."
Ave Maria Immaculata,4 out of 5,they're good,they're good
Ave Maria Immaculata,4 out of 5,Nice,Spicy at first with white pepper and then mellows out a bit. Great construction and beautiful band.
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,excellent mellow cigar,A well balanced mellow cigar. Burns and draws well.Very good cigar for the price.
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Very smooth smoke.,Very smooth smoke.
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Very tasty stick,Very tasty stick
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,awesome smoke! very smooth &,awesome smoke! very smooth & burns even. You know you're smoking a quality cigar!!!
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Ava Maria Immaculata,Great smoke! Plan on purchasing more.
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Christmas cigars,Have not gotten in to this last order as they are a stocking stuffer for my husband but both brands have been a favorite in the past.
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Smooth and mild,Smooth and mild
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,I'm not a cigar reviewer,I'm not a cigar reviewer but I never met an Ave Maria I didn't like. A.J. certainly knows cigars
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Ave Maria,Great smoke all the way
Ave Maria Immaculata,4 out of 5,You gotta try these.,"Truly wonderful mild/medium cigar. Sadly, I finished the box, but I just got a 5 pack of the largest size. My favorite blend of all the Ave Maria offerings."
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,Without a doubt my favorite cigar
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Fantastic smoke,First time buyer for these. Was recommended by a buddy of mine. Fantastic smoke. Will be buying again
Ave Maria Immaculata,4 out of 5,Nice Mild Stick.,Nice light smoke with good construction. Notes of cedar and white pepper in the first third. Somewhat uneven burn at the start but self-corrected without a touch up. The second third has a slight fresh baked bread/raisan reduced peper taste and aroma. The last third presented a creamy reduced peper taste.
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Relaxing and Meditative Smoke,"Excellent smoke. Starts mild and a bit nutty, flowing through to a hair shy of medium with similarities to certain Macanudos I've had, minus the creamy texture and flavor. Highly enjoyable, great pull, no touch ups with an even burn. Many subtle sweet and mildly spicy nuanced notes taking place, with a mysterious flavor similar to that of the aroma of an ancient tome (in a good way!). I definitely recommend trying these!"
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Truly a pleasure from start,Truly a pleasure from start to finish.
Ave Maria Immaculata,4 out of 5,Nice cigar,"This is a very good tasting cigar, I feel its of medium body with a good draw, I use a V cut on mine, the cigar usually last me about 1.5 hrs
AJ Fernandez has another winner."
Ave Maria Immaculata,4 out of 5,Very good to excent cigar,Well made. Consistent one to another. Burns well. Stays lit. Taste abit bland.
Ave Maria Immaculata,4 out of 5,Well balanced cigar,Rate it 4.5 Nice cigar but not as good as the Divina
Ave Maria Immaculata,4 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Ave Maria Lionheart,4 out of 5,Not Bad But Expecting More.,"This is my first time out the gate with the Lionheart. On the cold draw I was immediately hit with sweet stone fruit flavors of apricot and peach. Presently I’m on the 1st 3rd and experiencing light pepper,cocoa and some cedar hints, it is quite tasty but not overpowering and not developing as much smoke as I had anticipated . My only real complaint is the wrapper seems very dry as it’s starting to peel and flake the entire length of this stick. To be fair, it may only be this one, I’ll know more on the next one."
Ave Maria Lionheart,5 out of 5,Very good smooth cigar,Very good smooth cigar
Ave Maria Lionheart,5 out of 5,Smooth,Great smoke from start to finish. Great flavor and perfect burn!
Ave Maria Lionheart,5 out of 5,Great stick,Great stick
Ave Maria Lionheart,5 out of 5,I like the shape b,I like the shape b but the smoke was average
Ave Maria Lionheart,4 out of 5,Another quality Ava Maria!,Another quality Ava Maria!
Ave Maria Lionheart,5 out of 5,Ave Maria Lionheart,"These AJ Fernandez’s cigars are an excellent smoke. Smooth, full of flavor, and burn nice and even all the way to the nub. I certainly recommend them!!!"
Ave Maria Lionheart,5 out of 5,Very good,I smoke 3 brands and this is the rotation..diesel..man o war and Ave Maria. Lionheart is a great..great cigar. Very enjoyable.
Ave Maria Lionheart,4 out of 5,Very happy with this cigar,Very happy with this cigar
Ave Maria Lionheart,5 out of 5,Ave!,Great addition to the Ave Maria portfolio. Wonderful flavors.
Ave Maria Lionheart,5 out of 5,excellent cigar -- great value,excellent cigar -- great value
Ave Maria Lionheart,4 out of 5,A really excellent smooth cigar!,A really excellent smooth cigar!
Ave Maria Lionheart,5 out of 5,EXCELLANT MEDIUM SMOKE!,JUST GREAT!
Ave Maria Lionheart,5 out of 5,Ave Maria Lionheart Earl,Ave Maria is always an excellent smoke for the money. I have bought many different sizes and series and they are always consistent and top quality construction.
Ave Maria Lionheart,5 out of 5,Great smoke,one of my go to favorites
Ave Maria Lionheart,5 out of 5,Great,Loved the flavors and taste. Very elegant
Ave Maria Lionheart,5 out of 5,Lionheart - Strong yet Smooth,"Very smooth, despite being on the darker end of the scale!!"
Ave Maria Lionheart,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,"Nicely wrapped, excellent flavor and a nice steady burn"
Ave Maria Lionheart,5 out of 5,A worthy comrade,"Excellent construction, good burn, a worthy addition to the line. Less spice and more cedar/earth than the original Ave"
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,great cigar,this one of my favorite cigars. it has a complex wonderful unique flavor. it's pricey but get it in samplers when available. try one you will love it
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Makes a great gift,I love these cigars. One evening I shared these with two of my best friends. They both loved them too. I bought several of these special boxes for gifts.
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Good taste!,Good taste!
Ave Maria Reconquista,4 out of 5,Nice smoke! Smooth and tasty,Nice smoke! Smooth and tasty
Ave Maria Reconquista,4 out of 5,Fancy Presentation,Liked this smoke of the first one I had. Another high end cigar only to be purchased when on sale. I did remove from all the packaging to place in humidor for a week or two before lighting up.
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Amazing smoke!,I love the Ave Maria Reconquista! It's a great smoke with lots of medium to full flavor. Will definitely order again!
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Great full flavor cigar,Great full flavor cigar
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Good smooth smoke,Good smooth smoke
Ave Maria Reconquista,4 out of 5,I had a great even,I had a great even burn. Great taste too
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Surprisingly mellow,"With such a dark wrapper, I assumed this stick would be harshly strong. I was wrong. I enjoyed it very much. Great cigar for the golf course."
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Awesome cigar,Awesome cigar
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Best deals great selection,Best deals great selection
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Excellent smokes.,Excellent smokes.
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Top notch,Top notch
Ave Maria Reconquista,4 out of 5,Nice full body smoke,Nice full body smoke
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Kickass stogie,Unbelievable cigar arrived in a 2ft long box beautifully packed we smoke this one time you will be blown away what are the best cigars of ever smoked Top Notch the brothers who are lovers of the leaf.
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,CI delivers the Best. Reconquista,CI delivers the Best. Reconquista is a fantastic cigar.
Ave Maria Reconquista,4 out of 5,I really enjoyed the cigar.,"I really enjoyed the cigar. Construction, draw and burn were exceptional. Flavor and complexity throughout the smoking experience."
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,top of the line,"Smooth burn,great flavor,worth every dime."
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,WOW!!!,What a surprise! Great price and what flavor. 18 hole cigar and consistent flavor and perfectly constructed. I want more!
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Exquisite,"These are my favorite line from Ave Maria. They are strong yet smooth, and they have a great draw. The Reconquista is on the pricey side but worth the price for the quality, especially from C.I."
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,"A Cigar that not only looks amazing, but smokes even better!","So I started off smoking cigars around 8 years ago...
Man how the time flies, anyway this cigar was one of my earlier favorites and I always love AJ Fernandez and Nicaraguan cigars were my go to. I also really loved the Warped Cigars and there lineup.
Recently the last year or so I have made the switch to Habanos, mainly Cohiba, Partagas and H. Upmann and they have changed my life.
Every so often I come back to Nicaraguans to cleanse my palate and save money lol.
This cigar still excites me every time, I have not had a bad one. If you smoke cigars daily sometime multiple 2-4 per day you know how rare that is.
It always has excellent construction, burn, aroma, taste, flavors and complete experience.
One of AJ’s true masterpieces!
I’m smiling one right now"
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,A very good cigar!,A very good cigar!
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Ave Maria Fan,The holidays are always a special time and Ave Maria cigars make the holidays even better. AJ knows how to blend a great cigar.
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Phenomenal!!!,Phenomenal!!!
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Reconquista,Well made cigar and very taste is gread
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Ave Marie Family,"Great smoke , excellent burn."
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Fine smoke,Great taste beautiful burn fantastic presentation. Did not disappoint. Happy!
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Beautiful and Fresh,The Cigars came in as expected and was FRESH! I gifted them to some brothers and they really enjoyed them. I got them at a GREAT price as well.
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"Smoked good, great taste"
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,What a smoke,"So good and well made, tastes like a much more expensive cigar, Great packaging, looks beautiful.
It’s somewhat on strong side."
Ave Maria Reconquista,4 out of 5,Online order,"Got these in perfect condition, great smokes not my favorite, but i would defintly buy these again if i could get them on sale again."
Ave Maria Reconquista,4 out of 5,Delicious . Enjoyable . Dark.,Delicious . Enjoyable . Dark.
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,One of my favorites great,One of my favorites great smooth smoke never disappoints
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Incredibly smooth!,Beautifully packaged for a smooth robust cigar. Would buy again.
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,By far my favorite,By far my favorite
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Excellent cigars,Fantastic way to get expensive high end cigars at an affordable price!
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,My number one go to,My number one go to cigar
Ave Maria Reconquista,4 out of 5,"Better, the second time around","Like the tittle implies, the is the second time trying La Reconquista, the first time wasn't good, it burned really bag. This time, thank God, was different, burn was excellent, draw was superb, combustion, outstanding. The rest, well it is a AJ baby, so aroma and taste were great. Still, in my humble opinion, a great cigar, if you can get them with out paying full price."
Ave Maria Reconquista,4 out of 5,"Great presentation, good to verygood cigar",Stayed smooth and full flavored until the nub.
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Crear cigar,"Smooth, favor tull, great construction"
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Ave Maria Reconquesta,This is another great stick by AJ FERNANDEZ. A must try.
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Will buy again,Will buy again
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Ave Maria Reconquista,Ave Maria never disappoints me! This cigar one of their better ones.
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,One of the best,This is a great cigar from AJ Fernandez. Really bold.
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,"Excellent cigar. Full of flavor,","Excellent cigar. Full of flavor, and excellent aroma. Each puff releases a mouthful of rich flavors. Received in cedar caskets was an added bonus."
Ave Maria Reconquista,4 out of 5,"An even draw, medium bodied","An even draw, medium bodied smoke that I found to be very enjoyable. Well crafted and, I'm not going to lie, it's great that they have their own coffins."
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Ave Maria Reconquista,"This is everything you are looking for in a full flavored cigar. Give it a shot, you won't regret it."
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,"My all time favorite cigar,","My all time favorite cigar, the flavor last for hours, women at the bar ask what I’m smoking. They love the aroma"
AVO 30 Years - AVO LE05,5 out of 5,A must have,Just a fantastic smoke
AVO 30 Years - AVO LE05,5 out of 5,AVO 30,Great smoke.
AVO 30 Years LE - AVO Signature,4 out of 5,Like the pepper taste with,"Like the pepper taste with a touch of chocolate and with a glass of angels envy it taste, has you floating up to Heaven"
AVO 30 Years LE - AVO Signature,2 out of 5,Avo 30,"Not good at all, I Avo is my go to stick however this 30 right out the box I could tell the construction wasn’t good no flavor in this smoke. I will let them sit for 6months and see if they get better."
AVO 30 Years Maduro,4 out of 5,Avo Maduro #2,"I’m really glad Avo brought back this cigar but it’s not quite the same. The originals had a creamyer taste and the wrapper was rich and had an oily feel to it. Also the ring size was a little larger but still, this is an excellent cigar."
AVO Classic,3 out of 5,"good, not great..","Light and flavorful, but burns too fast!"
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,My # 1 cigar!!,I bought this cigar a couple months back from a local B&M and I was blown away by the flavor and construction of the cigar. I had to pick up a box so I ordered a box of 20 from CI and I couldn’t be happier. My purchase arrived quickly in a sealed avo robusto cigarbox (original) ... quality of cigars inside are all 10 across-the-board. Thank you CI For these great cigars… With the Notes of sweet cream and graham cracker also a floral aroma Off of the cigar. burn is razor sharp. My favorite cigar I’ve had Mini cigars including Cubans in the past.. And this cigar for my palate wins With flying colors overall.
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,Never disappoints!,"this is my ""special occasion"" cigar. always smokes smoothly, flawless construction, good smoke. a solid 45-minute event that I look forward to!"
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,The best..IMHO,"Yes,they're a bit expensive,but the taste is great.Don't know their aging process,but after about an inch the flavors come out.Burn evenly and taste all the way to the end without getting hot.Enjoy them with my coffee in the A.M."
AVO Classic,4 out of 5,As always AVO does not,As always AVO does not disappoint. These are a must have for my humidor and I suggest you keep some too.
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,Excellent,Wonderful cigar. On the mild side but with great taste from end to end
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,An old friend,"The Avo Classic just rolls into your mouth smooth and rounded, no edges.
The construction is solid easy draw good aroma and nice amount of smoke
I get a litte spice and hint of cedar. I would smoke this cigar all the time if I were a rich man i'm not but CI runs a special occasionally and I can enjoy them"
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,Smoked like a davidoff yes,Smoked like a davidoff yes there made in there factory but some smoke better than davidoff
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,AVO classic robusto,Smooth draw. Even burn. Delicious all the way down to the nub.
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
AVO Classic,4 out of 5,Avo Classic-robusto,"Excellent medium cigar; well-made, easy draw"
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,The ultimate smooth smoke!,The ultimate smooth smoke!
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,Can NOT go wrong,Always a favorite! Can NOT go wrong with AVO classis!
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,Good,Good
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,"Very enjoyable cigar, to me","Very enjoyable cigar, to me better that my old favorite Monte Christo."
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,One of My Favorites!,Overall great cigar...Start to finish!
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,Perfect gift! :),"I got a great deal on these through the make an offer section, and gave them to my brother for Christmas. They looked darker than you usually expect for Avo Classics, so I was a little concerned, but he smoked one Christmas eve and it was perfect. He said it burned clean and smooth the whole way through, and tasted like mocha (that was his dumbed-down version of the taste profile, for a sister who doesn't smoke lol)."
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,avo #6,Good cigar
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,Great cigar.,Great cigar.
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,AVO Classic #2,"Bought 40 of these beauties for my daughter's upcoming wedding. I snuck out a couple to ""pre-screen"" and was wow'ed! Flavor on point and the burn what was I expected from AVO. Keep up the great work, guys."
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,Mild and smooth,"Avoid Robusto is mild, smooth, and just the right length for a 30 minute smoke."
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,always my favorite,"Been enjoying the mild, smooth AVO for years now. The burn is great right down to my fingertips."
AVO Classic,3 out of 5,4 our of 6 so,4 our of 6 so far had defects and could not smoke them!
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,Great cigar,First time having these and I was pleased
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,Great cigars & service,Great cigars & service
AVO Classic,3 out of 5,Quality Control,Too many cigars out of 20 had a very poor draw.
AVO Classic,4 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,#2 gets 5 stars,"Great, smooth, even smoke. My go to cigar."
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,AVO #3,Mild smooth cigar with medium draw depending on cut. A great smoke any day.
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,I like the 4 pack.,#2 is one of my favorite cigars.
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,My Favorite,This has quickly become my favorite cigar. The taste is consistent to the nub.
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,Never Disappoints,Awesome smokes from an awesome service!! CI you’re the best!!
AVO Classic,3 out of 5,Good cigar maybe the wrong size.,Out of the box these cigars were flavorless. If I had rated this when I opened the box I would have gone with a 1 star. With time and patience I have found the flavor to evolve and become a great cigar. It could also be a size issue as I find the toro to smoke better.
AVO Classic,4 out of 5,Good alternative to Davidoff,Found these to be an acceptable alternative to Davidoff....less expensive..try something me!
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,Excellent cigar
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,Avo #2 classics are just fantastic,"I have smoked the Avo #2 Classic for close to 15 years now. It is by far one of my favorites, and I've smoked virtually all of the premium brands. Don't be afraid to spend the money. They are 100% completely worth it."
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,Bravo for AVO,"Smooth from start to finish. Great taste, Great burn with huge white clouds of smoke!"
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,AVO,👍
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,my FAVORITE cigar.,I want a mild cigar with flavor and the classic 2 delivers. Smooth draw and consistent all the way thru
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,My #1,"My favorite cigar. Great flavor, and easy to smoke. Smooth all the way through."
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,My favorite cigar!!,My favorite cigar!!
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
AVO Classic,4 out of 5,Decreasing,"Decreasing quality, change in mixture? Darker and stronger than formerly, looser construction. Once my favorite, not so much now."
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,Good cigar...,Good cigar...
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,One of My Favorites,"Splurged for these to add to my humidor for the next special occasion. I recently tried one and this was one of the smoothest, best tasting cigars I've had to date. Will buy again."
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,Worth every penny!,"Awesome cigar! Well construction, smooth and good burn... The tobbaco leafs were aged by 25 years to make this precious! Worth every penny!"
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,My first but not last,Smooth awesome smoke wish I could have these everyday.
AVO Classic,4 out of 5,AVO Classic No. 2,"I used to smoke the Avo Maduro No. 2 and 3 before discontinued.
Excellent Medium body cigar and smoke.
Unfortunately, Avo has increased the price and lowered the quantity in boxes from 25 to 20. Still a worthwhile cigar to stock in my humidor."
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,simply the best,"I've had oodles of other brands of cigars,some real good and others not at all.The classics are smooth and tasty.You know it's an AVO,they have their own distinct taste.I enjoy 'em in the mornings with my coffee or later with wiskey,wine or tequila.Yes they are a bit pricey,but at my age only the best!"
AVO Domaine,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,"As with other AVO products, this is very well made, has a good draw, and minimal re-lights. I would rate it medium- to medium-full bodied, smooth smoke with a definite Dominican flavor heavy on the wonderful cedar aroma. One of my favorites."
AVO Domaine,5 out of 5,AVO Cigars,Perfectly Balanced! Smooth from start to finish!
AVO Domaine,5 out of 5,Avi Domaine,Great Cigar
AVO Domaine,5 out of 5,5 Star Item!,"These little cigars pack a ton of flavor. If you’re short on time and want a big cigar taste, Avo Domaine is for you! Highly recommend. As usual CI exceeds expectations again."
AVO Domaine,5 out of 5,Heaven,Iv’e Always enjoyed the Domaine line of AVO cigars. I’m so pleased you carry this line of fine cigar. You’ve made me very happy!
AVO Domaine,5 out of 5,Avo Domaine #10,"Always my fallback cigar. if I don't know what I want to smoke, I pick up one of these."
AVO Domaine,5 out of 5,Exceptional,They were excellent smokes. Would recommend to anyone.
AVO Domaine,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,"I bought a 5-pack to try. These are pricey cigars that live up to the AVO reputation. They are very well-made. The aroma is wonderful. As others note, there is initially a strong cedar aroma, very pleasant. In the second half, it is much more complex, more woody, nuts, and a distinct Dominican flavor. I would rate it medium-bodied. At $11/cigar, I'll wait for a special occasion."
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,Avo Heritage Robusto,Great Smoke! Great Price!
AVO Heritage,3 out of 5,Everyday cigar,Not a bad cigar but it was a plain tobacco flavor to me. It was a tough draw with a punch cut. Ended up using the guillotine and it still was a tough draw. I have four more so my hope is that the bad draw was on this one alone.
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,Avo-licious,You can never go wrong with Avo. Always a great smoke!
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,great deal on a top tier cigars.,I'm writing about the AVO mega sampler. A nice mix of the AVO brand. These cigars have always been a favorite of mine and my cigar smoking friends. this sampler has created a little buzz among us. We've never seen these discounted like this anywhere. i (we) hope this continues as a standard item offered by CI. you guys are the best.
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,AVO Herritige Robusto,"A very fine cigar from start to finish. Good draw, excellent flavor, great price!"
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
AVO Heritage,2 out of 5,ok cigar,"not like the avo i used to know. Not much smoke, and some have a bad draw"
AVO Heritage,4 out of 5,Better deal on Cigar Bid,I am in love with the Avo Classic. Purchased these with an good price. But future purchase will be through Cigar Bid..
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,AVO HERITAGE ROBUSTO,A fine cigar
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,amazing service,amazing service
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,"stronger than xo and syncro,","stronger than xo and syncro, but still has that AVO character and quality."
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,Excellent,Best non Cuban on the market
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,"My favorite, thank you for","My favorite, thank you for making it affordable"
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,Very good,Very good
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,Avo,Nice and smooth
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,Avo,It’s a nice short smoke
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,👌,Awesome
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,Absolute Favorites,AVO never disappoints me and my recent purchase was a real treat. Perfect draw and cool taste to the end of the stick. Flavor is consistent as well as burn. You can not go wrong with an AVO
AVO Heritage,4 out of 5,good smoke,"burned evenely, good construction, enjoyable smoke."
AVO Heritage,4 out of 5,clean,clean easy a real good smoke
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,avo purchase,great smoke cant go wrong with an avo
AVO Heritage,4 out of 5,AVO,Decent smoke. I’d buy them again
AVO Heritage,4 out of 5,AVO ENJOYMENT,"Nice smoke. Ned to full body can always count on consistent flavor. One drawback is, that it has a tendency to go out multiple times during my smoke, causing a distraction too the nice flavor I get when burning. But I smoke the because they are good. My actual preference is the AVO Uvezian box press. But all in all the entire selection gets high marks"
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,AVO Heritage Robusto,"One of the nicest cigars I've smoked .Nice easy draw ,even burn ,a lot of smoke .I like to smoke right down to the last possible puff.very short .Didn't get hot until then ."
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar!,A value cigar bold and smooth. A pleasurable smoke.
AVO Heritage,4 out of 5,AVO HERITAGE,GOOD. ACCEPTABLE.
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,Very good,Very good
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,Very good,Very good
AVO Heritage,3 out of 5,Robusto cigars,They do not compete with the Heritage Toro
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Enjoyed this more than the classic but they are all good. Little bit of pepper at the beginning then creamy all the way through.
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,Great deal on a great,Great deal on a great cigar
AVO Heritage,3 out of 5,Good medium smoke...not the best...,Good burn...tight roll...nice smoke...not the best
AVO Heritage,4 out of 5,good cigar,"This is a good cigar. Actually a really good cigar. Solid, rich, a little complex not too much. Great tobacco flavor. No surprises. If you can get it on sale it's a no brainer."
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,AVO Heritage,Handcrafted well balanced from start to finish. Amazing smoke. Paired nice 15yr old Single Malt.
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,Anazing as expected !!!,"I bought the cigars on sale, regret not buying more.
I have alwsys loved Avo cigars, have never smoked a bad one.
The strength varies on the cigars but all of these are worth the money.
Will buy again and again."
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,Great Price,"The Avo's that I've had in the past were excellent and I expect these to be as well. However, they arrived a week ago and it's winter in Chicago. The Avo is too good to light up for a quick winter smoke while I walk the dog and I don't smoke them in the house. Check with me in the spring."
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,Wonderful smokes,Wonderful smokes
AVO Heritage,4 out of 5,Avo Heritage,"Good construction, burns fast, decent everyday cigar, will be ordering another box"
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,Terrific flavor throughout the stick.,Terrific flavor throughout the stick. AVO always has consistent smooth cigars
AVO Heritage,3 out of 5,not bad,A bit too strong for my taste.
AVO Heritage,4 out of 5,Good cigar,"I've only tried one of the 5-pack so far. This cigar is well-constructed, and burns well. It's a good 2-hour smoke. Full-bodied with good Dominican flavor. I was expecting a little more complexity. I think the Avo-Domaine is better."
AVO Heritage,3 out of 5,Stems,Did not expect to get twigs in an AVO cigar. Well you cant win them all. Disappointed
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,Love this one. Avid Avo cigar fan.,"This is one of my all time favorites. Full flavor, creamy apple like sweetness. Velvety spice on the tounge. I give this one a solid 10. It is one of the only cigars I buy by the box. At least one of these a week for me."
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,Great Cigar!!!!!,This is one of my favorite cigars.
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,Avo Heritage Lover,"Wonderful cigar for a real cigar smoker who can appreciate a full bodied cigar. Very well constructed, great even burn and consistent box to box. Only complaint is your shop never has them as a special."
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,Avo,I like the Heritage but I do miss the Madoros.
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,Stellar smoke,Fantastic! But not surprised at all. From start to finish. These are in a special class all by themselves.
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,Outstanding cigar,Outstanding cigar. Great construction and burn. Excellent flavor.
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,Excellent,"Have always enjoyed AVO cigars and this one does not need to take a backseat to any of their products, enjoying them totally and would be ordering more again."
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Didn’t burn as well as,Didn’t burn as well as I would have liked. Flavor was good.
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,2 out of 5,Box damaged,Box came with the seal already broken. No response from customer service
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,3 out of 5,Right in the Middle,They were OK but not really outstanding. I found that the less expensive Muwat Kentucky Fire Cured cigars filled the bill when it comes to a short but satisfying cigar.
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Favorite,My all time favorite smoke good price and fast shipping. Only thing better is to shop in store.
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Smooth and tasty,Even long smoke all the way thru 😎
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Smooth draw with volumes of,Smooth draw with volumes of smoke
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Excellent,"If you like Nicaraguan blends, this is a great choice. Super smooth and full of flavor."
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,4 out of 5,CAO,"CAO, nice smoke, aren't all of them?
I would definitely buy again."
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,AVO Syncro Nicaragua Robusto,Great cigars at a great price. What's not to love?
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,4 out of 5,4zeller,They were good...slight after taste...but good smoke overall.
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,AVO Nicaragua,AVO sets the bar. Excellent box pressed construction-I highly recommend this one.
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Bought them on sale for the first time and thoroughly enjoyed the cigars. I will buy them again next time around.
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Very nice smoke,AVO is always a good time.
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,4 out of 5,savage swede,good/ smooth
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Avo synchro Nicaragua,Great cigar. Had wanted to try for a while. Bought on sale with free shipping. Great draw and even burn. Very happy. Will definitely buy again
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Beautiful taste and great burn..
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,5 packg,Good deal
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,AVO after hunt cigar,Smooth cigar with lots of good tobacco flavor without being harsh
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great Cigars,All around one of my favorite cigars
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,3 out of 5,Not AVO's best but still pretty good!,a bit bitter along the way. I love AVO's and only like this one.
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Good smokes!,Wish it was a bigger ring size!
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,nice and smooth,nice and smooth
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,AVO,"Pleasantly surprised by the quality! Read several reviews so I decided to include these in a 5 pack bonanza, glad that I did."
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,"Great Deal, Great Cigar",Excellent price for one of the finest cigars made.
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,"The first time I had an AVO, I thought it was one of the best cigars I have ever had.",I still do.
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Fantastic smoke,"Great draw, and flavor. Stays constant throughout the whole experience."
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Avo,Excellent
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,2 out of 5,Get something else,"Maybe the least favorite of all premium cigars I've smoked in 25 years.
Not even sure what to call the flavors I taste.
Tough draw for 60+ minutes."
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,1 out of 5,BAD,smokes dry and hot....really BAD!
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Short and Sweet,Excellent smoke. Burns slowly and smooth. Strong flavor but not harsh. Superior to the Oliva in my opinion. A good choice for a short smoke.
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Repeat Buyer for this cigar,Very Good Cigar
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Excellent,Comparable to higher priced cigars
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,My new favorite,I got one of these as a gift a while back. Decided to grab a whole box of them. These are now my new favorite. Full bodied smoke with a bit of sweetness to them. I'll be keeping my humidor stocked with them at all times.
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke.,Every bit as good as Ramon Allones for half the price.
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great stick!,"I enjoy this cigar most after dinner with cognac. Smooth, relaxing smoke complements the cognac."
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great smoke,My new favorite
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Beautiful and Tasty,"Near perfection. Sweet and spicy taste profile, incredibly smooth with no harshness. Perfect burn and draw. Only one band which I really appreciate. Superb and worth every penny. I have smoked several boxes of this and the the Fogata, like the Synchro better--both are excellent but the flavor profile of the Synchro is more satisfying."
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Arrived in good shape and on time.,"No complaints, except don't expect nice packaging!"
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,tasty,Wish they last longer
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,4 out of 5,THE ONLY PRESSED CIGAR I'VE ENJOYED,"Short and to the point. This cigar feels well made as you hold it in your hand, and is has a fragrance that can cause you to forget to fire the thing up. My only regret is that I didn't notice it was a box press and I really don't care for any of those. Nevertheless, once I got pass the shape it was a fine cigar."
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Love this little smooth smoker.,Love this little smooth smoker.
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Very nice smoke!!,I had the first of these about two months ago and loved it straight away. Bought my second about 6 weeks later and that convinced me. Bought a box and have enjoyed this cigar a few times now....each time getting better.
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great,Amazing short smoke. Perfect
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Avo Syncro- Amazing,"Gotta tell you, this is currently one of my favorite sticks! Love everything about it, the way it's constructed, the aroma and the flavors. Buying a box soon."
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great,Goood
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Very good cigar
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar,"This now one of my top five cigars!! Great amount of smoke, smooth and creamy. No pepper taste at all. I would say mild to medium but extremely enjoyable"
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar. Very impressed.
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,3 out of 5,Eh... They're Ok,"Bought a five pack to try out before getting a box. I love Avo... Bought a box when my child was born and I love the flavor of Nicaraguan tobacco but this cigar left me disappointed. One stick had a musty flavor and the other was bland. Gave away the rest. I was excited when I saw these but was disappointed. Bottom line, I won't order them again nor will I tell my friends to purchase."
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,3 out of 5,Avo Syncro,"A bit disappointed in this Avo. Much milder than expected, I found very little spice, leather or pepper. The smoke was thin and papery. At its price point, I doubt it will find its way back into my humidor."
AVO Syncro Nicaragua Fogata,5 out of 5,These smoke really well. Great,These smoke really well. Great draw and smooth flavor.
AVO Syncro Nicaragua Fogata,5 out of 5,They were dry when I,They were dry when I got them
AVO Syncro Nicaragua Fogata,4 out of 5,Another Avo gem,"Very good smoke, I get wood leather and slight cinnamon taste slight sweetness but not over bearing.. Will definitely keep a few in my humidor after this box is gone.."
AVO Syncro Nicaragua Fogata,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,I took a box of these to an event and several friends were very pleased. I will be keeping them in my humi from now.
AVO Syncro Nicaragua Fogata,3 out of 5,Not what I expected,"Having smoked the Gordo's,the shorts did not have the same flavor.Will stick to the ""fatties""!"
AVO Syncro Nicaragua Fogata,5 out of 5,Fantastic,I always have Fogata on my humidor. Thats the best for me on AVO lineup.
AVO Syncro Nicaragua Fogata,5 out of 5,Great mild large ring cigar..Very,Great mild large ring cigar..Very pleasing with coffee hints
AVO Syncro Nicaragua Fogata,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,I have always loved AVO cigars but this one is special. Stronger than most but smooth through the finish. My new favorite!
AVO Syncro South America Ritmo,5 out of 5,AVO,"love this cigar
Will always h a very some in my box"
AVO Syncro South America Ritmo,4 out of 5,Very good smoke,Very good smoke
AVO Syncro South America Ritmo,5 out of 5,Glue problem solved,"One of the best cigars iv'e smoked...worth every cent to me.I did have one that seemed to have a little too much glue but learned a trick years ago that has always worked for me...now no one likes the taste of burned paper but if you smoke the stick CLOSE to the band,( don't let it burn the paper) it should get warm enough to somewhat melt the glue and it is much easier to take the band off at that stage...hope this helps as it has always worked for me.Will be looking into a box soon.Highly recommended and although a little pricey,I have not seen them cheaper anywhere else."
AVO Syncro South America Ritmo,3 out of 5,So so,Had much better from this brand. Alittle to earthy tasting and not all that.
AVO Syncro South America Ritmo,5 out of 5,Fantastic cigar,"Incredible stick. I loved the smooth as glass finish. Cedar, coco, and roasted nut throughout."
AVO Syncro South America Ritmo,5 out of 5,Ritmo in house,"I just love this stick, one of my favorites!!!!"
AVO Syncro South America Ritmo,4 out of 5,Nice fascinating blend,"I liked avo fogata and when it comes to multinational blends of tobacco fro South America the Ritmo was worth every penny. The flavors are various and interplay throughout the smoking experience. I bought a box and since I have only begun aging the sticks I can’t really award 5 stars yet however, I wouldn’t doubt in a few months I will give that fifth ⭐️"
AVO Syncro South America Ritmo,5 out of 5,Mighty Fine Cigar,Basically a Davidoff with a different band. Really nice.
AVO Syncro South America Ritmo,4 out of 5,Ago Ritmo Delivers,I tried the new Avo Ritmo. Ordered a five pack. By far one of the best primarily Dominican cigars I have ever smoked. The addition of what I believe are Brazilian tobaccos to the blend gave it an enticing aroma and spicy taste that raised it a cut above. Great as both a morning and after dinner cigar. I ordered the robusta size.
AVO Syncro South America Ritmo,5 out of 5,Ritmo,Great cigar. Top my list for a good full bodied stick with good even burn. Go to.
AVO Syncro South America Ritmo,4 out of 5,Excellent smoke. Smooth easy draw,Excellent smoke. Smooth easy draw and burns beautifully. Able to obtain long symmetrical ashes. No harsh after taste. Will buy again.
AVO Syncro South America Ritmo,5 out of 5,"good taste, nice burn","good taste, nice burn"
AVO Syncro South America Ritmo,5 out of 5,Great smoke!!,Fast becoming one of my favorite smokes. Med/full with a nice richness start to finish. Smooth draw. Excellent cigar
AVO Syncro South America Ritmo,5 out of 5,Awesome Cigar!!,"I bought a box of these and they are now one my favorites. Smooth burning, and good even flavors all the way through. I recommend these and hope they go on sale soon so I can get some more!"
AVO Syncro South America Ritmo,3 out of 5,good tasting but not a,good tasting but not a good burning cigar not worth the hefty price the 4free cigars were better
AVO Syncro South America Ritmo,2 out of 5,cigar band is glued to the cigar.,"I really enjoy this cigar, but I have a big problem with the cigar band. When you try to remove it you find out it is glued to the cigar. To take it off you end up ruining the cigar. I have ruined 3 cigars trying to remove the bands. I tried to contact AVO but their Website won't let me send a message. You have to be a member of the website. I tried to join the website, but it would not let me. I tried to tell then via Facebook but I got no reply. I just gave up and stopped smoking AVO cigars."
AVO Syncro South America Ritmo,4 out of 5,Decent Smoke,"not overly costly,smooth smoke. may want to let sit out a day before lighting. looking forward to trying more from AVO. decent smoke very relaxing not over powering!"
AVO XO,5 out of 5,Been smoking Avo XO for,Been smoking Avo XO for over 25 years.
AVO XO,5 out of 5,My favorite by far,My favorite by far
AVO XO,5 out of 5,Avo xo,Great cigar my AVO favorite.
AVO XO,5 out of 5,great cigar,great cigar
AVO XO,5 out of 5,Amazingly smooth,These cigars are the smoothest smoke I have ever had. Good mellow flavors and a strong finish.
AVO XO,4 out of 5,Surprisingly Quick Burns,These cigars seems to burn quick - good taste just short burn.
AVO XO,3 out of 5,Poorly rolled,These cigars taste and smell great. They are so poorly rolled as to wreck the cigar smoking experience. They would get five stars from me if they were properly rolled.
AVO XO,5 out of 5,New favorite cigar,New favorite cigar
AVO XO,3 out of 5,Little Taste,Found this cigar to be well constructed with an even burn. Was completely surprised with the flat taste. No pop and I could not begin to apply any adjectives to describe it.
AVO XO,5 out of 5,Great taste,Great taste
AVO XO,5 out of 5,Great smoke's,Great smoke's
AVO XO,5 out of 5,Awesome buy.,Awesome buy.
AVO XO,5 out of 5,Perfect Smoke,Best non Cuban cigars available.
AVO XO,5 out of 5,AVO HERITAGE ROBUSTO,fine cigar as all the AVO's in sampler
AVO XO,5 out of 5,Classic Fantastic creation..what a legacy my father left for us to enjoy!,My first cigar love 1988 in Humacao Puerto Rico at Avo's piano bar!
AVO XO,5 out of 5,Solid Cigar,"Good taste, great roll, super draw."
AVO XO,5 out of 5,Avo sampler,Great products at a great price.
AVO XO,5 out of 5,AVO,All time favorite. Have to take advantage when rarely on Sale!!!
AVO XO,5 out of 5,Great deal on premium cigars,"My two humidors were already full when I got the email about the Avo. It was an incredible bargain on cigars that usually cost twice as much. I jumped on it and had the first one last week. It's winter in Chicago so I don't usually light up a good cigar unless I know it will be warm enough for me to finish it outside. It was a wonderful smoke and the price was a steal. Even burn throughout, mild but flavorful."
AVO XO,5 out of 5,Avo,Nice smooth smoke
AVO XO,4 out of 5,Avo,Nice I liked
AVO XO,5 out of 5,value,What a great value
AVO XO,4 out of 5,Avo Intermezzo,"Smooth Avo cigar. Great flavor, medium strength, flawless construction, perfect draw - what can you say - it’s an Avo - one of the best brands on the market."
AVO XO,2 out of 5,so so,not great- not terrible..
AVO XO,5 out of 5,Review,These cigars are fantastic!
AVO XO,4 out of 5,AVO Special,More like a 3.5. These are just ok Cigars.
AVO XO,5 out of 5,"They are GREAT,!!","They are GREAT,!!"
AVO XO,5 out of 5,Delicious,A great midday smoke it was well worth the deal I got at CI.
AVO XO,5 out of 5,Great bargain,"This was probably my best ""find"" from CI. An excellent smoke!!"
AVO XO,4 out of 5,AVO,"Good smoke, I bought them to take to the casino with me. This was a excellent choice."
AVO XO,5 out of 5,Great smokes,Great smokes
AVO XO,4 out of 5,avo,Has always been a good smoke.
AVO XO,5 out of 5,AVO XO Robusto,"Mild and medium body. A perfect medium cigar, for a
""shorty""!"
AVO XO,3 out of 5,Avo cigars,A better cigar is Heritage Toro Gordo
AVO XO,5 out of 5,Favorite cigar,Favorite cigar
AVO XO,4 out of 5,avo,"They needed to rehumidify when I got them. Once good to go, they're a nice smoke. Complex even sophisticated. A little light for my taste, but good."
AVO XO,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
AVO XO,5 out of 5,A I baby,Excellent price on an extraordinary cigar
AVO XO,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
AVO XO,3 out of 5,avo,Simply average.I expected better
AVO XO,5 out of 5,AVO,The best
AVO XO,5 out of 5,right into hummie but had,right into hummie but had to burn one while golfing. Sweet. Don't tell anyone else on site.
AVO XO,5 out of 5,Excellent deal for AVO’s,Excellent deal for AVO’s
AVO XO,5 out of 5,Great cigars at a great,Great cigars at a great price. How can you go wrong
AVO XO,5 out of 5,Avo,Excellent draw good for those cold evenings.
AVO XO,4 out of 5,CAO,Great sticks👍👍👍👍
AVO XO,4 out of 5,perfect smoke,light yet rewarding smoke the best avo yet.
AVO XO,5 out of 5,AVO XO Intermezzo,A very enjoyable cigar. Medium body and nice smooth flavor. The cigar was well constructed and burned evenly. Purchased for a great price
AVO XO,5 out of 5,Evo XO Intermezzo,Superb medium body. Very enjoyable.
AVO XO,4 out of 5,Nice smoke!,A very handsome cigar. Cigar was mild to medium. There was a definitely a bit of mustiness. I also got some bourbon notes but they were subtle. The construction was first rate. The Avo XO Maestoso smoked until there was almost nothing left of it. Overall a very pleasant experience.
Baccarat,5 out of 5,Definitely my favorite cigar five,Definitely my favorite cigar five stars all the way😊👍
Baccarat,4 out of 5,Nice cigar for an everyday,Nice cigar for an everyday go to.
Baccarat,4 out of 5,Nice Smoke!!,Enjoyed it thoroughly
Baccarat,5 out of 5,My favorite,My favorite
Baccarat,5 out of 5,Nice moderately priced mild cigar.,Nice moderately priced mild cigar.
Baccarat,4 out of 5,All good,All good
Baccarat,5 out of 5,Excellent any-time-of-the-day cigar.,Excellent any-time-of-the-day cigar.
Baccarat,5 out of 5,Big Fat Smooth,"Love Baccarat Belisico, and the Gordo is just a bigger fatter version. Smooth and Creamy to start, just after 1/2 the cig it transforms to a deeper smoke. My fave."
Baccarat,5 out of 5,Best cigars for the money.,Best cigars for the money. Been smoking them for years
Baccarat,5 out of 5,The best cigar for the,The best cigar for the money!!!!!
Baccarat,5 out of 5,Great everyday smoke!,This is my go to cigar for everyday! Mild but creamy smoke and last just long enough. Always consistent and a great build…never a run!
Baccarat,5 out of 5,These have become my favorite,These have become my favorite
Baccarat,3 out of 5,Gordos,For me Gordos are just a tad too strong and too big. I prefer my cigars in the less than 50 ring size. The taste is what I expect from Baccarat and they smoke easily like my preference for Luchadores.
Baccarat,5 out of 5,A good daily smoke,"I have been receiving Baccarat Luchadores now for several years and have always had a very good smoke with each and every one of them. They are mild, my preferred flavor, and have very good taste. I will continue to order and smoke them until they cease being as good as they are now."
Baccarat,5 out of 5,Great tasting smoke,Pleasant flavor and consistency during entire smoke. Great after dinner cigars.
Baccarat,5 out of 5,Liked the Gordo always get,Liked the Gordo always get kings
Baccarat,4 out of 5,It's a good cigar for,It's a good cigar for the price
Baccarat,5 out of 5,Baccarat Toro is a great cigar,The Baccarat Toro is the best cigar for price/quality/flavor/consistency that I have found.
Baccarat,5 out of 5,My “Go-To” Cigars,I love this cigar and is my go-to after a long day. Very mellow with a nice long draw and even burn. One of my favorites and always stocked in my humidor.
Baccarat,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Very fine. Order them regularly. I like the size(dog walk size). Wish they brought back the Connies.
Baccarat,5 out of 5,The best,Love baccarat
Baccarat,5 out of 5,Satisfaction,"I've switched over from another company to you. Orders are delivered on time, freshness is beyond comparison and easy to order. Keep up the great work. You have a new customer.
David Boyd"
Baccarat,5 out of 5,great cigar for the price,great cigar for the price
Baccarat,5 out of 5,Baccarat Rothschild,Good smoke. Good burn. Good price.One of my favorites.
Baccarat,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,Great cigar!
Baccarat,5 out of 5,I LOVE these!!!,"There is something I like about candelas. (I guess it would be the taste, duh!) These Baccarat Candelas are AWESOME. The price is right, too. These are my daily cigars, along with the Master Blends 3 from Oliva. But I actually prefer these because they are milder and have that flavor that won't overwhelm you at work or at the very end of your day, before bed."
Baccarat,5 out of 5,"Hits great, tastes great, and","Hits great, tastes great, and it is inexpensive. For the price, a top choice if you are looking for a daily smoke."
Baccarat,4 out of 5,Fine small cigar,Fine small cigar
Baccarat,5 out of 5,Good smoke mild,Good smoke mild
Baccarat,5 out of 5,Nice...wonderful smoke,"In this price range, there is nothing better. Nice mild everyday smoke with plenty of flavor. Try a five pack and thank me later."
Baccarat,5 out of 5,Fabulous,Fabulous
Baccarat,4 out of 5,Great smoke for the golf course,Nice mild cigar with good taste and burn. Perfect when playing a round of golf
Baccarat,5 out of 5,Awesome smoke.,Awesome smoke.
Baccarat,4 out of 5,"Good smokes, draw good, mild","Good smokes, draw good, mild flavor"
Baccarat,5 out of 5,Fantastic tasting cigar,Baccarat is a high end tasting cigar at a bargain price
Baccarat,5 out of 5,Still one of the best,Still one of the best mild cigars on the planet
Baccarat,5 out of 5,Very Nice and smooth.,Very Nice and smooth.
Baccarat,4 out of 5,Love all the Baccarat products,Love all the Baccarat products
Baccarat,4 out of 5,Great Smoke,"My new favorite cigar, love the size"
Baccarat,5 out of 5,I enjoy them very much,I enjoy them very much
Baccarat,5 out of 5,good,good
Baccarat,3 out of 5,Ok for cheap,Not bad. They have a sweet flavoring added to them so it's not for every day for me. They burn well and the draw is ok.
Baccarat,5 out of 5,Love this brand!,With the candela outter rapper it makes for a extra smooth smoke. Great cigar to start the day off.
Baccarat,5 out of 5,What a great cigar,"Smooth, creamy, and mild. Love it."
Baccarat,4 out of 5,Great barbecuing smoke,"Big cigar. Mild, very consistent burn and taste. Intentionally sweet cap noticeable. Goes well with beer or spirits. Great while barbecuing Santa Maria-style."
Baccarat,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Baccarat,5 out of 5,Excellent Mills cigars,Excellent Mills cigars
Baccarat,5 out of 5,Excellent mild cigars,Excellent mild cigars
Baccarat,5 out of 5,These are very smooth! I,These are very smooth! I really enjoyed them!!
Baccarat,5 out of 5,"Nice a smooth, never goes","Nice a smooth, never goes out, burns well. will order again"
Baccarat Candela,4 out of 5,Nice Smoke!!,Enjoyed it thoroughly
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,The best,Love baccarat
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,I LOVE these!!!,"There is something I like about candelas. (I guess it would be the taste, duh!) These Baccarat Candelas are AWESOME. The price is right, too. These are my daily cigars, along with the Master Blends 3 from Oliva. But I actually prefer these because they are milder and have that flavor that won't overwhelm you at work or at the very end of your day, before bed."
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,Fabulous,Fabulous
Baccarat Candela,3 out of 5,Ok for cheap,Not bad. They have a sweet flavoring added to them so it's not for every day for me. They burn well and the draw is ok.
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,Love this brand!,With the candela outter rapper it makes for a extra smooth smoke. Great cigar to start the day off.
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,Worth every penny!,"Smooth smoking cigar, even burn. Great mid day cigar!! Would recommend"
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,VERY GOOD,"OUTSTANDING CIGAR,EASY DRAW ,BURNS EVEN"
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,Sweet,"So far, like the Baccarat’s a a lot. Sweet wrapper. Smooth, even burns. Not harsh at all. Very mild cigar in my opinion. Really enjoy the Gordo as well."
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,"Great stick, super smooth 👍🏾","Great stick, super smooth 👍🏾"
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,Try these😊,Great everything!👌👌 slightly sweet & mild. These don’t have the “green taste” that some candela have. These are great on a warm summer day or anytime
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,Great service,Great service
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,"Nice easy draw, mellow taste,","Nice easy draw, mellow taste, even burning."
Baccarat Candela,4 out of 5,Nice tasting cigar,"Like the title says nice tasting cigar, the only negative is they do not burn well, constantly need to re-light"
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,Price is right!,Nice enjoyable smoke for a reasonable price. Touch of sweet and savory.
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,great stick,very good draw and nice sweet tip mild..would recommend
Baccarat Candela,4 out of 5,Nice Light Candela Option,"Just tried the new candela wrapper. Very nice construction, fresh creamy smoke. A light, straight forward, uncomplicated cigar. Great introduction product for the cigar novice or anyone looking for a simple well made candela."
Baccarat Candela,4 out of 5,Candela,I have only smoked a couple of them little different taste but they last longer to smoke a very relaxing cigar try them you will like them
Baccarat Candela,4 out of 5,Good Cigar for Everyday Use,"I enjoy the candela Baccarat. Its mild enough for me, has an easy draw, and a nice aroma. I like some other cigars more, but this is a good everyday draw."
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,Nice,Smooth smoke stays lit
Baccarat Candela,4 out of 5,Great candela for the price.,"I usually prefer medium to full strength dark cigars. Still it is good have something a bit different to “cleanse” the palette. Sometimes the best tasting cigar is the first after having none for a few days or more. (That almost never happens with me, though). I digress. These are a larger ring guage for candelas than I usually see that I can afford so I was eager to try them. The first couple were a bit disappointing. But after a few weeks in the humidor they are MUCH better. I like my humidor a bit higher than most recommend at 75%. Good even burn just a tad hot but very enjoyable. Peppery tinge is satisfying for this full-bodied regular."
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,A good cigar,A good cigar
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,Very Happy Customer,"outstanding sticks, well constructed, even burn and smooth all the way to the nub."
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,Good mellow cigar,Very smooth and great clean taste
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,Baccarat is outstanding value,Baccarat cigars are an outstanding value. Love the convenience and service provided by Cigars International. You are second to none.
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,Candela Baccarats,Good cigar.
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,Good cheap smokes,Really enjoy Baccarat Candela's smooth steady draw & flavor
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,Smooth,"Awesome smoke, well constructed cigar. Great flavor"
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,Nice smooth smoke. Only slightly,Nice smooth smoke. Only slightly sweet on tip with a nice nutty taste. Good any time of day.
Baccarat Candela,3 out of 5,Baccarat Candela,Smoked 4 so far. Construction is excellent. Mild to medium. Good solid cigar.
Baccarat Candela,3 out of 5,Baccarat Candela,"The Candela has a slightly different taste then the natural rapper version. I can't say it's better or worse, just different. I would have to leave it up to the individual."
Baccarat Candela,4 out of 5,"Sweet start, smooth finish",Great cigar for the golf course just relaxing and looking for a smooth smoke with hint of sweet to start. Decent cigar all around and very smooth easy draw. I would recommend this cigar to others who like a mild smoke.
Baccarat Candela,4 out of 5,"Good, Mild cigar",This is a good golfing cigar. Good draw and a mild taste.
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,Baccarat Candela Rothschild,"I am a new to cigars. I have tried many different cigars, but I think this has been my favorite, so far! It is a mild smoke, easy draw, and even burner. It does have a ""kiss"" of sweetness to it, but nowhere near the sweetness of a Swisher Sweet cigar! As there are many different cigars, you will find as many opinions. I encourage you to read ALL the reviews, not just the highly rated ones. In fact, the review that made my mind up to purchase this cigar was one that was not rated very high due to its sweetness. However, that's what I was wanting to try. As they say - ""One man's trash is another's treasure!"""
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,Well worth it.,"Slamming, smooth and mellow. First think after unwrapping it was the fragrant grassy smell of the wrapper. Didn't let me down for the entire cigar. Not sure about the sweet tip at first but once she was going any second thoughts I had were gone. Burns evenly and holds a.pretty good ash.
Though a mild cigar it has a whole lot going on with it. The smooth grassy flavor of the wrapper contains a little bit of spice, mild tobacco and perhaps a subtle taste of nuttiness.
I got in in Rothchild. A Churchill might of been different but I rarely smoke a Churchill
I think it would pair well with a single malt, or a nice Brandy."
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,Baccarat Candela,Great tasting smooth cigar
Baccarat Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Baccarat shines,I ordered this at behest of a friend to please. This is good smoke and hes happy
Baccarat Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Baccarat Petite Corona,"I usually smoke a Baccarat Luchador in the afternoon but started wanting something not as mild, although I still smoke these while surfcasting in the mornings. I find the fuller flavor, constant taste beginning to end, and size of the NPC perfect for an after lunch cigar. It's one of my new favorites and a great cigar as far as most bang for your buck."
Baccarat Nicaragua,4 out of 5,"great smoke, will do it","great smoke, will do it again"
Baccarat Nicaragua,4 out of 5,A solid cigar!,"Just finished the fifth of the 5 and they are good cigars. Touch of cedar and maybe some pepper. Smokes well, evenly and with a solid draw. A very solid purchase!"
Baccarat Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Good flavor,"I have been a Baccarat cigar fan for a long time. So naturally I wanted to try the new Baccarat Nicaragua. It is a good cigar, if you are familiar with the regular Baccarat cigars they are smooth,mild, and generally burn evenly. The New Baccarat Nicaragua has all the same quality’s and has more flavors present. It smokes just as smooth as the originals all the way to the nub. Here are the reasons I didn’t give this cigar a 5 star. I think they could be packed a little tighter, then I would give them a 95 rating. The other and most important reason is I don’t want them to be too popular, then they will be out of stock.😉 Michael"
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,Top notch service,Top notch service
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,Great quick smoke,"Very tasty, and not overly sweet. One of the only flavored cigars I actually enjoy because the tobacco is more prominent than the infusion."
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,Backwoods,Great
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,Great Taste Perfect Size,Great Taste Perfect Size
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,Always my favorite,Always my favorite
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,Backwoods shipped FRESH! Thanks.,Backwoods shipped FRESH! Thanks.
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,Very mild,Relaxing and smooth
Backwoods Cigars,4 out of 5,"enjoy both , still waiting","enjoy both , still waiting for Cuba Deligths ?"
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,Both GREAT,Both GREAT
Backwoods Cigars,3 out of 5,Backwoods,"It’s really hit or miss, on if they will be smokable."
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,Everybody likes the smell of,Everybody likes the smell of me cigars. Great for a quick smoke.
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,backwoods,I really enjoy these cigars
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,My husbands enjoys these cigars.,My husbands enjoys these cigars.
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,God stuff,Great cigars great company to buy from
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,Great smoke,These are tasty and good for a quick fix when you don’t have time for a 20 to 30 minute cigar
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,"Smooth, tasty and convenient","Smooth, tasty and convenient"
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,good cigar,smooth and mild great flavor and doesn't taste like candy
Backwoods Cigars,4 out of 5,Will do,"Great cigar to smoke if you work outside, if you drop it on the ground your not that mad."
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,good smoke,it's a nice flavor refreshing
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,puff puff,great stuff
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,Love them,Love them
Backwoods Cigars,4 out of 5,Mild,Nice and mild good taste some are rolled to tight
Backwoods Cigars,4 out of 5,"Nice 20 minute smoke, 2or3","Nice 20 minute smoke, 2or3 out of 40 pack rolled to loose and will not light. Have bought a lot of them"
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,good cigars at a good price,fresh and ready to smoke
Backwoods Cigars,4 out of 5,Not my flavor but I,Not my flavor but I had to try
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,👍👍,👍👍
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,"I've tried others, but always go back",My favorite despite the price.
Backwoods Cigars,4 out of 5,Limited availability,For those who don't know why everyone is out of stock on Backwoods the answer is that there are only limited quantities getting shipped out of south america. Between the damage done by the hurricanes a couple of years ago and the civil unrest throughout south america manufacturing has been effected. This will continue for the the rest of 2019 and perhaps beyond. So if you can find a quantity of backwoods it is advisable to get as many boxes as you can because supplies will run out fast.
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,The Best,i have smoked a number of the different Backwoods and the Honey Berry is my favorite.
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,Great smoke...,Great short smoke.... Iwosh they would keep them in stock....
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,Fast delivery and excellent service,Fast delivery and excellent service
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,Very flavorful,Very flavorful
Backwoods Cigars,3 out of 5,Backwoods,"Good flavor, usually rolled too tight making them difficult to smoke. Quality control lacking."
Backwoods Cigars,4 out of 5,Sweet Aromatic,I like em too. They are good for a short smoke and smell nice. Unfortunately they are out of stock. I just went to Jrcigars.com and placed an order. But I am waiting to get an email saying Out Of Stock
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,not the same cigar ...,"Ive have been smoking Backwood Sweet Aromatic cigars for many years … over the past few years they seem to taste more like a cigarette … the sweet ""chocolaty "" smell is mostly non existent..."
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,Thanks Backwoods.,Very good cigars.
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,Sweet aromatics,"I really like these even though most it seems don't consider them real cigars.
Unfortunately, they are often out of stock not only at CI but local retailers as well, so I guess I'm not alone but have no idea what the constant shortage problem is about."
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,I like Backwoods Cigars,I wish they were always available.
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,"always great , love the","always great , love the aroma"
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,Awesome!,My husband loves these. Perfect for a casual smoke on the way home from work or when he's working in the garage. Bigger than a cigarillo but not as labor intensive as smoking a larger cigar.
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"Love the honey berry, very fresh"
Backwoods Cigars,3 out of 5,"Bought them for a friend,","Bought them for a friend, he sure smokes them a lot!"
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,Thank you. I received my,Thank you. I received my order in just a few days.
Backwoods Cigars,3 out of 5,Backwoods,"Really wanted the Honey Berry but they were on backorder...so got these. Not bad, but do prefer the other."
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,The reason why I got,The reason why I got these was because you are out of the orginals AGAIN!!!!
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,Black N Aromatic,"Can’t say enough good about Backwoods Black Aromatic, I love burning one on the ride home and while on the job site, nobody complains about the aroma either, Best deal thanks to CI"
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,very good will buy more,very good will buy more
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,Favorite. Wish they would be,Favorite. Wish they would be stocked more
Bahia B-Line,5 out of 5,Such an amazing cigar,When you first get the box which is just a stunning bit of presentation. You know your in for a treat. Full flavor but in no way over powering. Just an all around great smoke
Bahia B-Line,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,Nice backyard cigar! Your friends will agree weather BBQing or not...
Bahia B-Line,5 out of 5,Very smooth smoke.,Very smooth smoke.
Bahia B-Line,5 out of 5,Nice,Nice
Bahia B-Line,3 out of 5,Nice.,"Really different flavor then I'm used to, almost reminds be of old parchment. Smoke 'em slowly, or they will get hot. Overall, not bad, and an excellent value. Cool box too, with a magnet clasp."
Bahia B-Line,5 out of 5,Best for the price!,"Just a great, low priced little cigar. Very consistent & the box press is for me. I'll be buying again & again-"
Bahia B-Line,4 out of 5,Great flavor in the cigar.,Great flavor in the cigar. But was a little too loosely rolled for me
Bahia B-Line,3 out of 5,Nicely priced,Hey decent cigar smooth I’d buy it again in a pinch
Bahia B-Line,4 out of 5,Smooth Very Nice,Smooth Very Nice
Bahia B-Line,4 out of 5,Bahia B2,Great everyday cigar and can also be that weekend cigar when you have 30 minutes roughly to enjoy a smoke. Goes great with whiskey/Bourbons.
Bahia B-Line,5 out of 5,My husband loved these cigars,My husband loved these cigars so much we made a second order
Bahia B-Line,5 out of 5,Good cigar slow burn great,Good cigar slow burn great price.
Bahia B-Line,4 out of 5,Nice for a short smoke,Nice for a short smoke
Bahia B-Line,5 out of 5,Great flavor easy pull just,Great flavor easy pull just great all around smoke. Normally 30-45 min.
Bahia B-Line,5 out of 5,Excellent Smoke...,Excellent smoke from start to finish! These are great no matter what your doing and the go nicely with a nice scotch! Ill be ordering more!
Bahia B-Line,5 out of 5,Smooth!,Very smooth medium body cigar that has a good flavor.
Bahia B-Line,5 out of 5,Nice even burn...good volume of,Nice even burn...good volume of smoke...good tasting...Excellent value!
Bahia B-Line,3 out of 5,Good smoke for the money,Good smoke for the money
Bahia B-Line,4 out of 5,Excellent value. One of my,Excellent value. One of my go-to cigars. Consistent and burns well.
Bahia B-Line,5 out of 5,I Loved It!!!,I Loved It!!!
Bahia B-Line,4 out of 5,Buy these,These are really nice mild flavourful smokes and an outstanding bargain.
Bahia B-Line,3 out of 5,Bahiia Bline,average to good
Bahia B-Line,5 out of 5,Solid performer,"This smoke gives enjoyable pleasure consistently at an awesome price,tasting like something costing much more."
Bahia B-Line,5 out of 5,the best,"love the smooth sweet taste, good even burn."
Bahia B-Line,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"Great cigar. Burns well, even and stays lit. Great taste. The description is spot on. I will be buying these again. The would make a great everyday stick for the price they are sold at."
Bahia B-Line,5 out of 5,"smooth ,great taste,burns slow.","smooth ,great taste,burns slow."
Bahia B-Line,5 out of 5,Bahia B-line,Nice smoke for the price - smooth burn and taste
Bahia B-Line,3 out of 5,Bahia orange,"Decent cigar, burns fast, too small."
Bahia B-Line,3 out of 5,Good cigar,"Good taste, smooth....not bad"
Bahia B-Line,4 out of 5,Smooth but loose,An everyday cigar but for the loose roll.
Bahia B-Line,4 out of 5,Bahia,Thought this was a surprisingly mellow and wonderfully tasting cigar at a great price
Bahia B-Line,1 out of 5,Worst,Very bad taste
Bahia B-Line,3 out of 5,Smooth snd good cigar,Smoot cigar with great packaging!...
Bahia B-Line,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Bahia B-Line,4 out of 5,Bahia B-Line,Excellent quick smoke. Good flavor and draw.
Bahia B-Line,2 out of 5,Bitter taste at the finish.....I,Bitter taste at the finish.....I will not repurchase
Bahia B-Line,5 out of 5,Very nice cigar,Pleasant smoke- med- full nice flavo will reorder
Bahia B-Line,2 out of 5,Second time,"Second time not so good, dried out ends fall apart"
Bahia B-Line,3 out of 5,Disapointed,"I love the Bahia line, but this one missed the mark"
Bahia B-Line,4 out of 5,B-Line cigar's,Very impressed with this cigar.
Bahia B-Line,5 out of 5,Michael O Choquette,"nice smooth smoke, even burn, really enjoy them."
Bahia B-Line,4 out of 5,Almost,Good but not great
Bahia B-Line,5 out of 5,Bahia,It was a great smooth smoke all the way through
Bahia B-Line,5 out of 5,What a find,Great cigar great price couldn’t be happier
Bahia B-Line,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke at a low price,Picked this on a weekly deal and was an awesome buy for the price
Bahia B-Line,3 out of 5,This is a good cigar,This is a good cigar for the price. Nice to just have a short stick for the times you just need a smoke.
Bahia B-Line,4 out of 5,Nice smooth cigar,These guys have a nice smooth burn and a med flavor profile. Very Nice for the price
Bahia B-Line,3 out of 5,Probably Won't Do This Again!,"Not real happy with this Bahia....the others are great! Main situation I encountered was, the CAP KEPT PEALING OFF! Almost everyone. No matter whether you punched, cut, snipped, etc., it peeled off! Kept getting tobacco pieces to chew on. Other wise, flavor pretty good, burn not good not bad, lots of smoke.....feel the quality just isn't there. Very little effort went into these."
Bahia B-Line,3 out of 5,Tried Once!,Personally don't care for taste and sharpness.
Bahia B-Line,4 out of 5,Good Smoke,Good smoke all the way through.
Bahia Blu,4 out of 5,My go to Golf Cigar,Inexpensive great tasting mild flavor. Perfect for a round of golf!!
Bahia Blu,4 out of 5,Bahia blu...excellent,My sons & I enjoyed Bahia blus recently and we enjoyed the flavor and the slow burn.
Bahia Blu,5 out of 5,Worth buying a box,"Worth every penny. Got this in a sampler, and found it as fine or finer than much much more expensive options.
Immediately ordered a box."
Bahia Blu,4 out of 5,Great value,"These cigars are truly fantastic for the money. Occasionally one may have a tight draw, or rapper may unravel a little bit, but that's maybe one out of five. This brand is regularly stocked in my humidor."
Bahia Blu,5 out of 5,Delicious and well priced,This cigar has “expensive taste”! This one is constantly in my humidor
Bahia Blu,5 out of 5,Great Smoke!,"Wonderful aroma, great taste! Put together well! Enjoy with Scotch!"
Bahia Blu,4 out of 5,i,"inexpensive stick, mild to medium, good draw."
Bahia Blu,4 out of 5,Great smoke,Now this was a great smoke. Even burn with light draw. I was very impressed with the low cost. Highly recommend
Bahia Blu,4 out of 5,Bahia Blu Churchill,"This cigar is actually very well constructed for the budget priced cigar. Fairly even burn, uneven initially but a second shot with the torch fixed that, no issues the rest of the way down. Very slow and cool burning, with less smoke than other 50 rings I've smoked. The draw is firm but not overly restrictive, with the cigar being fairly tightly wrapped. The aroma is pleasing, but the flavor is odd, not bad, but not the greatest, just kinda odd. The flavor profile is probably not a 2of5 as advertised, I would put it more at 3.5of5. All in all, I would definitely give these a long hard look if I saw them on sale or as part of a 2'fer."
Bahia Blu,4 out of 5,Bahia Blu Churchill,"This cigar is actually very well constructed for the budget priced cigar. Fairly even burn, uneven initially but a second shot with the torch fixed that, no issues the rest of the way down. Very slow and cool burning, with less smoke than other 50 rings I've smoked. The draw is firm but not overly restrictive, with the cigar being fairly tightly wrapped. The aroma is pleasing, but the flavor is odd, not bad, but not the greatest, just kinda odd. All in all, I would definitely give these a long hard look if I saw them on sale or as part of a 2'fer."
Bahia Blu,5 out of 5,Nice and smooth tasting Cigar,Nice and smooth tasting Cigar
Bahia Blu,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Bahia Blu,4 out of 5,Bahia Blu Purchase,Good cigar with good price. Free shipping was the seller for me.
Bahia Blu,5 out of 5,Blu,The Bahia Blu has great flavor.
Bahia Blu,4 out of 5,Very Good Daily Smoke For The Money,They could use some time aging but even right out of the box they are a decent daily smoke. The long leaf filler means I don't have to deal with bits and pieces of tobacco in my teeth when they linger in my teeth.
Bahia Blu,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
Bahia Blu,3 out of 5,OK cigar,This was a ok cigar for the money. It was not as good as the Bahia Brazil which is one of my top cigar.
Bahia Blu,4 out of 5,Bahia blu u700,Over all a good cigar. Good flavor and a long burn. Some uneven burning though
Bahia Blu,3 out of 5,Solid. Very good for the,Solid. Very good for the price.
Bahia Blu,4 out of 5,"Solid ""yard gar""",These big sticks may not be super premiums but they provide a good long enjoyable smoke. I have these cigars sitting on my lawn tractor mowing my large 2 acres of lawn. One lasts the whole trip.
Bahia Blu,4 out of 5,A very decent cigar,I’ve been enjoying around the fire waiting for the endless winter and lockdown to end.
Bahia Blu,4 out of 5,Good cigar but does not,Good cigar but does not always draw smothly.
Bahia Blu,3 out of 5,OK cigar nothing real special,OK cigar nothing real special
Bahia Blu,4 out of 5,Bahia Blu,Good medium body cigar for a good price
Bahia Blu,5 out of 5,Blu,Smooth robust smoke on my list
Bahia Blu,5 out of 5,Nice,Nice
Bahia Blu,3 out of 5,Ok,There ok we had many that were plugged.
Bahia Blu,4 out of 5,"Good, but stronger","I've been buying these for years and it seems this last batch was stronger than usual, still a good smoke but I like original recipe! Otherwise I would give these 5 stars for a good daily smoke."
Bahia Blu,3 out of 5,ok cigar,ok cigar
Bahia Blu,5 out of 5,Excellent value,A very good cigar but at less than $2.00 a stick the bast value ever!
Bahia Blu,4 out of 5,overall pretty good. a couple,overall pretty good. a couple of bad burners in the bundle though.
Bahia Blu,4 out of 5,Great smoke. Even burn,Great smoke. Even burn
Bahia Blu,4 out of 5,A good smoke,A good stick to relax with after a hard day at work. Not too strong just right.
Bahia Blu,4 out of 5,Nice cigars!,"With CORVID-19 our golf/cigar time has been reduced but I have enjoyed 6 Bahia's since I have received them. I found they burn beautifully, they are a bit stronger than my usual but not harsh or hot, great flavor, I really like them.
One downfall is that 2 out of the 6 have come ""unraveled"" (the wrapper has split open).
Not a deal breaker but it occurred 33% of the time. I'll see how the remaining 14 go but I will probably grab them again, especially at the $$ I paid.
Nice smoke!!!"
Bahia Blu,4 out of 5,Great. Value,Pleasantly surprised for a great price. Mellow
Bahia Blu,5 out of 5,Enjoyed them.,Enjoyed them.
Bahia Blu,5 out of 5,Top 5,"This is in my top 5 favorite cigars. Great for the golf course or relaxing with a glass of Bourbon. Smooth smoke with a pleasant, natural flavor. Don't let the affordable price confuse you, this is a hidden treasure."
Bahia Blu,5 out of 5,Nice stick for the $$$$,Title says it all. Enjoy the cigar!
Bahia Blu,5 out of 5,For the price their great!,For the price their great!
Bahia Blu,5 out of 5,Bahia Blu U700 Churchill,"Excellent quality, excellent value"
Bahia Blu,3 out of 5,Ok smoke,Cigars were ok for the price. Wrappers on each cigar roll off easy and don't burn evenly
Bahia Blu,3 out of 5,good,"for the price can't go wrong.
mild, nice size and quality construction"
Bahia Blu,3 out of 5,So-so!,"I buy other Bahia brands, ""Brazil"" for one. This, in my opinion, does not reach the level of others...….."
Bahia Blu,3 out of 5,decent cigar for the money,decent cigar for the money
Bahia Blu,4 out of 5,It’s a good cigar,It’s a good cigar
Bahia Blu,5 out of 5,Cheap Stick,They were inexpensive and had a great taste!
Bahia Blu,5 out of 5,Bahia Blu - U700 Churchill,Very smooth and easy to smoke.
Bahia Blu,4 out of 5,Nice smoke,"I was sitting on my front porch waiting out the pandemic and lit up a Bahia Blu. The breeze was calm and the smoke was good. A light smoke, delicious aroma and a mild, peppery taste made my day. Other flavors I can't adequately describe but It smoked true right to the end. No regrets on this purchase."
Bahia Blu,4 out of 5,Pretty good smoke for the,Pretty good smoke for the $
Bahia Blu,4 out of 5,Some inconsistencies in the burn,Some inconsistencies in the burn and draw but overall a decent cigar
Bahia Brazil,4 out of 5,My first Brazilian cigar,"I have found Bahia in general to produce a good, above average smoke at competitive prices. The Brazil is no exception. I ordered a bundle out of curiosity. This was my first Brazilian cigar. I was quite pleased with my purchase. Burns evenly, draws well and tickles the palate with a good blend of flavor. In my humble opinion, Bahia is underrated, not that I mind. It keeps the prices reasonable and the supply generally steady. If you're looking for a Brazilian cigar, try the Bahia. You won't regret it."
Bahia Brazil,4 out of 5,Pretty pretty good,Pretty pretty good
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,Excellent,Perfect golf course cigars!
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,Excellent flavor and full bodied,Excellent flavor and full bodied A good everyday cigar at a good price.
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,"One of your best ever,","One of your best ever, really enjoy them. Now , I’m out and waiting for you to ship 🤪"
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,good value,I like them
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,Good Smoke,"Subtle open with notes of pepper.
Consistent throughout with bold finish."
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,Great Cigar!,"Smooth, affordable, and stylish. Good before, during or after any meal."
Bahia Brazil,4 out of 5,The OTHER Brazilian out there!,"Though not quite as good and satisfying as it's competitor, nevertheless the Bahia Brazil is a great bargain for those who love Brazilian wrapped cigars. Good smoke!"
Bahia Brazil,4 out of 5,nice cigar.,nice cigar.
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,Very Good Cigar,Very Good Cigar
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,Good Smoke,This is an affordable daily smoke. A little time in the humidors brings the moisture needed to be an enjoyable cigar.
Bahia Brazil,3 out of 5,Bahia Brazil toro,I have smoked this cigar before but this was a gift for father in law ... he enjoys them
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,Amazing Smoke,Great draw every time ... very very smooth stick ... always order a pack regardless of whatever else I put I the cart... 😀
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,"Great CIGAR, GREAT PRICE & GREAT S/H. MAX OF TEXAS","It's a VERY GOOD CIGAR, *WARNING*
ALLOW THEM TO SIT IN U R HUMIDOR A FEW DAYS. I SAY THIS DO TO MY MISTAKE OF NOT LETTING THEM ""MELLOW OUT"" FROM SHIPPING. BUT A GREAT DRAW, NICE BURN & BY WEEK 2 I WAS AMAZED BY THE TOTAL SMOKE, FLAVOR & TASTE OF THESE GREAT HOUSE CIGARS. I WISH I COULD SET BACK A BUNDLE & FORGET ABOUT THEM FOR A YEARS. YOU COULDN'T BUY A CIGARS AS GOOD AS THIS ONE. FOR ME THESE ARE A GOOD SMOKE- CAN'T WAIT TO TRY THE""MADURO""... MAX OF TEXAS"
Bahia Brazil,4 out of 5,For the cost this cigar,For the cost this cigar delivers plenty of flavor.
Bahia Brazil,4 out of 5,You won’t be du,"A solid, medium bodied cigar. Good flavor until the last quarter. I really enjoyed them!"
Bahia Brazil,4 out of 5,Good cigar at a very good price,"I believe Bahia is generally underrated on their cigars. This was my first buy on the new Bahia Brazil. I was treated to a good medium bodied cigar that burned evenly with good smoke, good flavor and at a very reasonable price. I still give a slight edge to the Trinidad, very slight."
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar,Great cigar fo the money.
Bahia Brazil,4 out of 5,My favorite so far!,Smooth even smoke.
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,Superb,Surprised at the punch this cigar has. Will be ordering this again. Flavor lasts for 85% of the burn.
Bahia Brazil,4 out of 5,Both Dark Shark and Bahia,Both Dark Shark and Bahia were a pleasant suprise
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,Excellent,"I have rated these cigars in the past, but i will rate them again since i like them so much. My personal numerical rating for these would be a 95. The only cigar i have ever purchased from CI that i would rate higher is the CAO Brazilia Gordo and Robusto and would give those a 97 rating."
Bahia Brazil,4 out of 5,cigars,good
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,BACKORDERED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,"Please get more of these...that goes for the Robusto size too...i now wish i had ordered more of these when they were in stock. In my opinion, Maduro cigars wrapped with Brazilian wrappers can't be beat. I love the CAO Brazilian wrapped cigars very much too, but the cost of them keeps going up and i can no longer afford them. I hope the Bahia Brazil cigars come back very soon!!"
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,Good,Good
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,One of my favorites very,One of my favorites very good cigar
Bahia Brazil,4 out of 5,Love this cigar!,"This cigar has a deep rich flavor and is well made; not too loose, not to tight. When you add in the price, this cigar may just replace my previous “go to choice”."
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,Great Bundle Cigar,Great bundle cigar. Spicy and strong.
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,My new favorite cigar,"First time I tried them and they became my favorite. Nice clean draw, burns clean and has a medium strength. Highly recommend them."
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,Brazil Bahia,Brazil Bahia smooth draw. Never goes out. Medium body . Great cigar to smoke on the golf course. I like the Red Wrapper Madura cigar also.The Blue Wrapper is to mild for me. The Bahia family ofcigars is what a lot of my friends smoke. Best price in town.
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,A Great Tasting Cigar That Won't Stretch Your Wallet.,"A tasty stick at an affordable price. Some cigar snobs turn up their noses at ""bundle cigars"", but then again they probably have money to burn. I don't, so I'm always on the look out for cigars that please both my palate and my wallet. Bahia Brazil is one of those cigars. Bursting with flavor, this gem will be seeing the inside of my humidor in the future. Buy it and tell me if I'm wrong."
Bahia Brazil,4 out of 5,Nice cigar for the money.,Burns fairly even and slowly. A little stronger than I would normally buy.
Bahia Brazil,3 out of 5,Fair every day cigar,Fair every day cigar
Bahia Brazil,4 out of 5,Nice surprise.,"Bahia brazil was a bery nice surprise, nice flavor profile,clean burn, will definately reorder them."
Bahia Brazil,4 out of 5,Thank You Bahia!,"My first Brazilian cigar. I'm a fan of Bahia Trinidad and Connecticut, so I gave their new Brazil blend a shot. Nicaraguan fillers and a Brazilian Maduro wrapper give it a good medium/full-bodied flavor that I swear includes the occasional delectable taste of dark chocolate. I love one when mowing or working around the house."
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,A fine strong smoke,"These draw well and evenly. Not for the faint hearted - they're strong, but a consistenly reliable smoke."
Bahia Brazil,4 out of 5,thoughts on this cigar,"Nice burn, dark, heavy, lots of smoke....would buy again."
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,Good-consistent tasteful cigar - all,"Good-consistent tasteful cigar - all the way through and doesn't leave you
hang-in'...."
Bahia Brazil,4 out of 5,"Good on the palate, easy on the wallet","Like most Bahia blends, I find the Brazil easy on the palate and wallet. A good combination always for everyday smokes. I pt the Brazil with the Trinidad as one or the other will always be in my box."
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,Good everyday smoke,Good everyday smoke
Bahia Brazil,3 out of 5,Blah Bahia,"Not the worst Bahia, just not great either."
Bahia Brazil,4 out of 5,Cigar,Good quality cigar. Smooth draw and I like the Brazil the best
Bahia Brazil,4 out of 5,This was a great tasting,This was a great tasting cigar after a evening meal.
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,Bahia Brazil,Excellent cigar!
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,And the price is great too
Bahia Brazil,3 out of 5,Tasty smoke,Tasty smoke
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,Great,Nas medium full good burn good flavor I’m sure I will buy again if the price is right
Bahia Brazil,4 out of 5,"Very good value, easy smoke,","Very good value, easy smoke, good flavor, well packed. Fit my need for a smoke while doing yard work and house projects, etc."
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,Great stick!!,Wow! Cant say enough. Has become one of my favorites. Really enjoy this stick. Well made. Flavor profile is absolutely amazing.. Has become my everyday stick.
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,5 out of 5,This is a good smooth,This is a good smooth smoke and very reasonably priced.
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,4 out of 5,Very nice light cigar with good flavor,"Great light cigar. I liked these much better than the Macanudo Cafe, by comparison. The Bahia is creamy with nutmeg, a little leather, some basil and a touch nutty. I would not buy these for me, but would keep some to have to share with someone who is new to cigars, or simply wants to try one. This would be perfect for after breakfast, or with coffee, but would also pair well with a light beer. This is a perfect poker night cigar with friends, or for those times where you want a cigar but don't want to smell like one. My only complaint was that the wrapper dried a bit, and it cracked some, and I could feel it unwrapping toward the end, but I did not let it rest at all."
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,5 out of 5,Bahia Deluxe Torpedo,"Great smoke, consistently a quality cigar"
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,4 out of 5,Great quality at a fair price,"Long lasting, great aroma and taste"
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,4 out of 5,Good stick,good for every day sticks
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,5 out of 5,Great smoke very good price,Great smoke very good price
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,3 out of 5,Smoke em' if you got em'.,"Smooth,but some uneven burning. Great for golf, or yard work. Good price for the smoke."
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,4 out of 5,Bahia Connecticut deluxe,"It,s a nice mild cigar"
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,5 out of 5,Bahia Ct,I love them I’ve been buying them for years they are a fabulous every day smoke
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,5 out of 5,Fine cigar,Had to wait till I got over the winter bronchitis to try it out but I finally got to go on a worthwhile golf road trip and smoke one of these babies. It was great and had a great draw. Thanks again.
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,4 out of 5,Excellent for the price,"As an ""Every day"" mild to medium smoke, this cigar is an excellent value. It is well constructed for the most part, although a few were harder to draw than the rest. For the price - you can't beat it."
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,5 out of 5,review of bahia conn.,Nice mellow smoke really enjoyed them.
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,5 out of 5,Great long filler smoke,"Cut one open, nice log fillers, burns with a firm ash."
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,3 out of 5,Great golf course cigar,Great golf course cigar
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,5 out of 5,Unbeatable for the price,"Mild, great draw, consistent... no competition at this price!"
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,5 out of 5,Bahia Connecticut deluxe,Good everyday smoke
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,5 out of 5,Bahia blu,"Nice burning cigar, my golf best buddy."
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,4 out of 5,Great for the price,"Mild Connecticut wrapper, smooth draw, even burn."
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,4 out of 5,need to get rid of,"need to get rid of short filler and replace with long filler, everything else is good"
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,4 out of 5,Good for the price,Tastes good but one out of ten will begin to unwrap itself as it heats up
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,3 out of 5,Good Every Day Cigar,Burns nicely. Consistent cigar to cigar.
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,4 out of 5,A very good consistent smoke,My every day smoke.
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,5 out of 5,My cigar of choice,"I think the Bahia Connecticut Deluxe is an awesome choice for the money. Easy draw, quite mild and very consistent smoke. This stick works for me."
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,5 out of 5,"Mild,smooth draw,good burning qualities also.","Mild,smooth draw,good burning qualities also."
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,3 out of 5,Just average every day smoke,Just average every day smoke
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,5 out of 5,"smooth,great flavor.","smooth,great flavor."
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,5 out of 5,Smooth and silky...,Smooth and silky...
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,3 out of 5,Good deal,Reasonably priced for an everyday smoke - tends to be a little on the dry side on receipt so store properly
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,3 out of 5,Meh .....,Meh .. Bought a box. Smoked most of them. Most definitely an easily forgettable experience. Won;t go there again.
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,5 out of 5,go to stogie,smooth mild smoke
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,4 out of 5,Good Smoke,"It’s just a good basic smoke! Great taste, and cheap"
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,4 out of 5,Nice everyday smoker,Very nice smoker. I've reviewed other cigars in the past as good but this one really is.
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,4 out of 5,Good cigar,I was pleasantly surprised at the flavor of this cigar. I usually lean towards Madura’s but this smoke was fine.
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,4 out of 5,"Good,pleasant,mild","Mild smoke all the way through, no harshness at the end. On a second box now. The first box came with right moisture,second came a bit moist. Some time in the humidor will fix that. Good everyday smoke and good price."
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,3 out of 5,Bahia conn,good all occasion cigar smoke anytime would buy again
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,5 out of 5,great cigar,My husband loves this cigar!!!!!!!
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,3 out of 5,Not bad,Decent cigar only complaint i have is they are loosely rolled so you are spitting tobacco most of the smoke.
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,1 out of 5,One bad cigar,These Were the worst cigars I ever smoked terrible draw then they unravel bad bad bad smoke will never buy them again
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,1 out of 5,"Poor draw, bitter",I bought a box of these cigars and the whole box is bad. The draw is so bad it’s hard to keep the cigar lit. They also smell like a swisher sweet when you finally get it lit. So bitter you can barely smoke it. Overall one of the worst cigars I’ve smoked in 25 years.
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,5 out of 5,Great cigar for the price.,Great cigar for the price.
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,4 out of 5,Delicious,A nice flavor and smell for a good price
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,2 out of 5,Ok,You get what you pay for. Good flavor but Cheaply made and come apart. Good till about half way down then better off chucking it
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,5 out of 5,Near perfection,"Great cigar, well constructed, easy draw, smokes quite evenly with a few touch ups. This may be my go to cigar, New Cuba is my current go to cigar."
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,4 out of 5,Good Smoke,"This is a good simple Smoke, it’s not very complex but I wouldn’t expect it to be.given the blend and price. My brother seems to really enjoy them and I love em for when we are out fishing or sipping the morning coffee."
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,5 out of 5,Bahia Churchill Connecticut Deluxe!,What a great mild nice burning cigar a good value. I really enjoy smoking this one!
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,5 out of 5,Great smoke for a small,Great smoke for a small price
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,5 out of 5,Nice cigar,These are good every day smokes.
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,4 out of 5,Yum yum,A good mellow smoke
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,4 out of 5,Good all around Smoke,Love these babies and the price is awesome. Great for all occasions- not afraid to smoke 'em anytime. They are constructed a little light- but they draw perfectly for my preference. Love the aroma too.
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,5 out of 5,My favorite,My favorite
Bahia Gold,4 out of 5,Above average,Above average cigar
Bahia Gold,5 out of 5,Wonderful cigars at a bargain price.,"Great smoke. Even, we’ll made."
Bahia Gold,4 out of 5,"Decent smoke, good burn, great","Decent smoke, good burn, great price."
Bahia Gold,5 out of 5,Delicious,Very nice for the price good draw and burn nothing great flavor. 👍👍👍
Bahia Gold,4 out of 5,Bahia Gold,"I like this cigar; but to me it does not reach the quality of it's predecessor, which was one of my favorites and I enjoyed for years."
Bahia Gold,5 out of 5,Great cigars for the price!,"Bought these on a whim. Wasn't disappointed. Great smoke! Very even burn and great flavor.
Would definitely buy these again!"
Bahia Gold,5 out of 5,Great cigars,Have smoked these and will again.
Bahia Gold,4 out of 5,excellent burn and flavor,excellent burn and flavor
Bahia Gold,4 out of 5,Awesome,Awesome
Bahia Gold,3 out of 5,Descent,"ok for the price, burned fast for a 60 ring"
Bahia Gold,5 out of 5,Great smoke at a great price,"These are one of my best steals from CI. I was concerned that at this price point, these would be ""giveaway"" smokes. No way. I normally lean toward medium to medium full cigars, but these guys are PACKED with flavor. A pretty light draw before lighting, but it seemed to tighten up nicely. Second half of the cigar was even better. Just honestly a fantastic smoke. This is one to try!"
Bahia Gold,5 out of 5,Great smoke at a great price,"These are one of my best steals from CI. I was concerned that at this price point, these would be ""giveaway"" smokes. No way. I normally lean toward medium to medium full cigars, but these guys are PACKED with flavor. A pretty light draw before lighting, but it seemed to tighten up nicely. Second half of the cigar was even better. Just honestly a fantastic smoke. This is one to try!"
Bahia Gold,5 out of 5,It was a great gift,It was a great gift to my dad. He love them ❤❤❤
Bahia Gold,5 out of 5,Good cigar at a reasonable,Good cigar at a reasonable price. Shipping was fast and also reasonable.
Bahia Gold,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Very good for the price
Bahia Gold,3 out of 5,Fair...,Fair...
Bahia Gold,5 out of 5,Best Cigar I’ve Had THIS YEAR,"Well wrapped, slow burning,smmmmmmmooooth!
I will be back."
Bahia Gold,5 out of 5,Ghurka Red Skies,Great smoke at a great $
Bahia Gold,4 out of 5,Good value smoke,Smoke these on the golf cours. They burn evenly and if the wind isn’t blowing hard last 9 holes
Bahia Gold,4 out of 5,Good cigars for the price.,Good cigars for the price. Good draw and burns even.
Bahia Gold,5 out of 5,WDM,"It's rare I ever give a 5 star rating to anything. The Bahia Gold Robusto with it's box press is an exception. The strength of the cigar is medium + with a full flavor. It's one of my daily go to cigars. You won't be disappointed. Hopefully, Bahia will continue with this blend."
Bahia Gold,5 out of 5,Way underrated cigar,"Bahia Gold is about my favorite brand. Bought more of these boys than any other; probably 20 boxes over the last few years. I've noticed that the corona runs more full bodied, but the robusto and torpedos are medium, maybe medium plus. Complex, sophisticated taste. Can't go wrong."
Bahia Gold,5 out of 5,A definite go-to cigar,"I have been smoking Bahia Gold rabustos for years. I prefer these box-pressed beauties for their easy draw, consistent flavor, and medium strength. I find that I always reach for these, even going past the Anniversario, Flor de Los Antilles, and Kuba Kuba, all of which I really love. But the Bahia Gold is a real go-to."
Bahia Gold Maduro,4 out of 5,Bahia Gold Maduro,"For the price point, it can't be beat."
Bahia Gold Maduro,4 out of 5,Bahia Gold Maduro Robusto,"Basic good stick. Smooth, little tight on draw.
Overall I would recommend."
Bahia Gold Maduro,4 out of 5,Good quick clean smoke,Good quick clean smoke
Bahia Gold Maduro,4 out of 5,Excellent value,Generally not fond of box press as they have a tendency to burn unevenly. These did not exhibit any such characteristic. Burned slow and straight. Flavorful medium-full bodied smoke. Very enjoyable.
Bahia Gold Maduro,4 out of 5,Bahia Maduro gold,"Excellent smoke. Easy, slow burn. No bitterness at the end. Aroma was pleasing (so says my wife!)."
Bahia Gold Maduro,5 out of 5,Bahia Torpedos,"These are some of the best cigars I've bought from CI. If you love Torpedos, but this brand now!"
Bahia Gold Maduro,1 out of 5,Barely Okay.,"These don’t taste very good. They burn well and smell okay, so maybe a little time in the humi will settle em down. But I wouldn’t purchase again."
Bahia Gold Maduro,3 out of 5,Good cigar for the price.,Good cigar for the price.
Bahia Gold Maduro,5 out of 5,good,good
Bahia Maduro,5 out of 5,Bahia fan,Great great smoke ... very nice draw (always) nice even burn always on my list when I re-up!
Bahia Maduro,4 out of 5,Good value,Not a bad smoke. Like Bahia's a lot and these guys are a great value.
Bahia Maduro,5 out of 5,bahia maduro ponchos,"smooth slow burning cigar, my favorite"
Bahia Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke for the price.,Great smoke for the price. Should've ordered more when it was on sale.
Bahia Maduro,5 out of 5,Bahia Maduro,"These are great cigars! They're rolled firmly, have a real nice draw and great slow smoke! All for a great price."
Bahia Maduro,4 out of 5,Good every day cigar,I prefer the Corona Gigante size but these did the job ! Nice burn same flavor...
Bahia Maduro,4 out of 5,Very good for the price,Very good for the price
Bahia Maduro,4 out of 5,Jwh,Always enjoy Bahia. Good smokes.
Bahia Maduro,4 out of 5,Good burn,Good burn
Bahia Maduro,4 out of 5,Love This Cigar!,Very smooth and consistent. Great flavor! One of my favorites.
Bahia Maduro,4 out of 5,Well rounded,"Thus stick is just right, 45 to 60 minute smoke. Well balanced."
Bahia Maduro,4 out of 5,I bought these as a,"I bought these as a gift for my husband. He doesn't usually smoke Robustos, but he loves these!! Great purchase!"
Bahia Maduro,4 out of 5,Both are inexpensive enough to,"Both are inexpensive enough to be an everyday, Good consistent smoke."
Bahia Maduro,5 out of 5,Hands Down - one of the best cigar values available.,"My go-to smoke ... often times I grab one of these over other, more expensive and higher rated cigars. Great for every day, or special occasion. Go great with a nice cold one, or a cup of good strong coffee. This is probably the best value I've ever found in a cigar - period. Medium body, and great flavors, along with near-perfect draw. If I had to choose only one cigar for the rest of my life, these would be my most likely choice."
Bahia Maduro,5 out of 5,I just started smoking these,I just started smoking these what nice taste smooth flavorful
Bahia Maduro,4 out of 5,Medium Full Flavor Smoke,My go to smoke for enjoying yard work or cleaning up in the garage. Easy draw and a consistent burn every time.
Bahia Maduro,4 out of 5,Great value!,Good combination of price and quality. What a value!
Bahia Maduro,5 out of 5,great value,"smooth, burn well, maduros"
Bahia Maduro,5 out of 5,"Very good smoke, burns fast","Very good smoke, burns fast though."
Bahia Maduro,4 out of 5,Bahia Maduro,"I’ve smoked these for years. Avg daily , Rite price."
Bahia Maduro,4 out of 5,Go to cigar,Nice cigar for everyday. Excellent flavor.
Bahia Maduro,4 out of 5,Great cigar,For the price you can't find a better value
Bahia Maduro,4 out of 5,Good Buy,Consistent everyday smoke
Bahia Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar great smoke great,Great cigar great smoke great price
Bahia Maduro,5 out of 5,Loved them.,Loved them.
Bahia Maduro,3 out of 5,Decent every day smoke,Decent every day smoke
Bahia Maduro,3 out of 5,Good every day smoke.,Good every day smoke.
Bahia Maduro,4 out of 5,Albeit not a vintage cigar,Albeit not a vintage cigar it meets premium standards ... and the price is a real bargain.
Bahia Maduro,5 out of 5,Maduro,One of the best cigars I've smoked!!!!!!!
Bahia Maduro,5 out of 5,one of the best deals,My favorite for a morning cigar with Coffee.
Bahia Maduro,4 out of 5,Good,Good
Bahia Maduro,5 out of 5,I have been a customer,"I have been a customer for many years and have been very happy with the service.
This model have been B/O for a few months, just wondering when you expect stock?"
Bahia Maduro,5 out of 5,great value,love thisw cigar
Bahia Maduro,5 out of 5,One of my favorites,I have been buying these for the last 5 years or so and I continue to enjoy them. It is an excellent medium to full bodied cigar especially at this price
Bahia Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"These are one of those everyday standbys that you can enjoy every day without being wealthy. The price is reasonable and the taste is dependably consistent. They are medium to slightly right of medium. The finish of this cigar compares favorably to a far more expensive, premium cigar. What I really like about these cigars
(also true of Bahia Blue and Yellow Labels)
I’ve never been a fan of setting a cigar down and coming back the next day, lighting up and smoking the cigar like I’ve just started smoking it. There is usually a bitterness and a terrible mustiness to cigars relighted the next day. Bahia cigars smoke almost just as well the next day. Very little bitterness. They are a medium draw. Very few are badly rolled. They are well made and the binder is nicely oily. I’ve smoked a lot of brands and have many favorites but few cigars I’ve smoked were this great the second day, like these are. What more can you ask?"
Bahia Maduro,4 out of 5,Bahia Maduro,"Nice price, nice cigars, could be 'softer'"
Bahia Maduro,5 out of 5,An excellent cigar.,An excellent cigar.
Bahia Maduro,3 out of 5,Good value,Buy these regularly. Often cut them in half when I don’t have time to smoke a full length Churchill. Great full bodied smoke for a good price.
Bahia Maduro,5 out of 5,Will be buying again,"Excellent flavor, nicely wrapped...doesn't unravel near the end. Will buy again."
Bahia Maduro,5 out of 5,"Wanted to try for a while, I am very glad I did!",Lots of flavor through the whole cigar with a little extra punch of flavor at the end. The cigar had a nice burn and feel to it. Definitely on my list to buy again.
Bahia Maduro,5 out of 5,Delicious Cigars,"good quality, nice and delicious cigars. thanks."
Bahia Maduro,4 out of 5,"Great burn n draw,solid cigar","Great burn n draw,solid cigar for the money
Please send me samples"
Bahia Maduro,4 out of 5,Enjoyable,"Great everyday smoke,good burn"
Bahia Maduro,5 out of 5,Even my fiancé said I smell good after this baby,"Smooth creamy tasty from infinity and beyond.
This is one of the best smokes and by far the best for the price I would easily pay 100 a box and still enjoy every puff."
Bahia Maduro,5 out of 5,Great!,Great!
Bahia Maduro,4 out of 5,put it in your humadore,not bad good second or third choice
Bahia Maduro,3 out of 5,Fair every day cigar,Fair every day cigar
Bahia Maduro,4 out of 5,Good smoke and a good,Good smoke and a good in between size for a shorter party.
Bahia Maduro,4 out of 5,Panchos,Great cigar for the money if the cap stays on
Bahia Maduro,4 out of 5,Great smoke,This is a very nice medum smoke. Nice burn an flavours. Will buy them again for sure.
Bahia Trinidad,4 out of 5,Bahia Trinadad,Several were wrapped too loose and would not stay lit. Had to throw them away.
Bahia Trinidad,4 out of 5,You'll like it!,Great tasting and smooth. You'll like the cigar very much if you're looking for a mid body smoke with pleasing aroma.
Bahia Trinidad,4 out of 5,Good daily smoke,Good daily smoke
Bahia Trinidad,5 out of 5,I’ve bought these a few,I’ve bought these a few times and I enjoy these cigars. Smooth even smoke at a good price.
Bahia Trinidad,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"Great cigar when it's fresh.
I'll buy it again and recommend it to friends."
Bahia Trinidad,4 out of 5,Good cigar for the price !,Tasty cigar would order again...
Bahia Trinidad,5 out of 5,Love the smooth flavor.,Love the smooth flavor.
Bahia Trinidad,5 out of 5,Good smoke-good taste,Good smoke-good taste
Bahia Trinidad,3 out of 5,good,"good daily cigar smoke, I've had these many years ago, I remember they were way better"
Bahia Trinidad,5 out of 5,Husband Approved!,Husband appreciated and is looking forward to enjoying them when the weather warms up.
Bahia Trinidad,5 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth
Bahia Trinidad,4 out of 5,Bahia Trinadad,"This is a nice easy smoke, and the price makes it very affordable.... love these cigars"
Bahia Trinidad,5 out of 5,excellent cigar medium mild,excellent cigar medium mild
Bahia Trinidad,3 out of 5,Smoked well.,"Good roll, good burn, but didn't like the after taste."
Bahia Trinidad,3 out of 5,Not as fresh and smooth,Not as fresh and smooth as desired
Bahia Trinidad,5 out of 5,Very smoith,Very smoith
Bahia Trinidad,3 out of 5,Good fishing stick,Good beach burner while fishing.
Bahia Trinidad,4 out of 5,Good value,Good value
Bahia Trinidad,5 out of 5,These are very mild.,These are very mild.
Bahia Trinidad,4 out of 5,Bahia Beauty,What a consistant smoke and draw.. All 20 of themmmreal dwal!
Bahia Trinidad,5 out of 5,"Good cigar, Great Service","I called to inquire about these Bahia’s.
Ashley Rivera was awesome- answered my questions, sent me addresses of closest stores, and was a great rep for your company. People make a company great, and Ashley Rivera lived up to it. Many thanks....Larry."
Bahia Trinidad,5 out of 5,They are very good all,They are very good all three brands so good
Bahia Trinidad,4 out of 5,Better than expected!,Always a steady burn and ash. A taste and smoke that moves you to at least one a day. Need to see if I can get some more at that price!
Bahia Trinidad,4 out of 5,Excellent Smoke,"I thoroughly enjoy this smoke, great flavor and consistently good construction."
Bahia Trinidad,4 out of 5,Pretty good,Nice for a burner
Bahia Trinidad,4 out of 5,Pleasantly mild and tasteful,"Mild, but tasty! I actually wanted to by the Bahia Brazil’s but they were out of stock. I was pleasantly surprised at this cigar. It makes a great early afternoon cigar."
Bahia Trinidad,3 out of 5,fair..,they are ok. the draw is weak. the blue bands are much better imo.
Bahia Trinidad,4 out of 5,good smoke. good price.,good smoke. good price.
Bahia Trinidad,5 out of 5,There a great cigar but,There a great cigar but they were just a little dried up
Bahia Trinidad,2 out of 5,The best way to describe this purchase was inconsinconsistent,"I had purchased the Blu, and was quite happy for what they were. An i inexpensive"
Bahia Trinidad,4 out of 5,Pretty decent,I like the cigars but they were delivered a bit dried out. When they were ready to smoke you could tell it was a decent cigar but many of them burned awkwardly.
Bahia Trinidad,3 out of 5,Good solid smoke. Oily wrapper.,Good solid smoke. Oily wrapper. Nice construction.
Bahia Trinidad,4 out of 5,good draw and mild .,good draw and mild . my type of cigars
Bahia Trinidad,3 out of 5,Just OK,These seem to be made well and burn good. I bought them based on the flavor description. I don't find them to match that. They aren't a bad cigar. I just find the flavor to not be anything impressive. There are a lot of other options out there in this price range that are much better.
Bahia Trinidad,2 out of 5,Dry?,I was excited to try these at such a good price. But so far 95% of the ones I have tried have split and cracked as soon as I took them out of the wrapper. Other than that it’s a nice smoke.
Bahia Trinidad,4 out of 5,"Good smooth, medium smoke.",I've had about 10 of these and they are consistent and tasy.
Bahia Trinidad,5 out of 5,Love it!,Love this cigar! Not too light and not too heavy.
Bahia Trinidad,5 out of 5,First Bahia purchase,Great burn with nice mild to moderate taste. Will purchase again.
Bahia Trinidad,2 out of 5,Wrappers Dried Out,Flavor is fair but very hard to draw out due to the wrappers cracking and falling apart.
Bahia Trinidad,5 out of 5,Great buy,A very good and cigar with consistent quality. Can not be beat for the price. Will continue to buy while available
Bahia Trinidad,1 out of 5,Too much effort for too little enjoyment.,"The cigars were so tight that they needed to be rodded three times to get sufficient air through it. This was not the only problem, because the wrapper leaf would split in multiple spots or just unravel completely."
Bahia Trinidad,1 out of 5,Horrible cigar,I returned them. The tobacco was bitter and there was no aromatic scent to them at all. Definitely overpriced for what they were supposed to be according to the advertising.
Bahia Trinidad,5 out of 5,Great service!,Good products! fast shipping! thanks!
Bahia Trinidad,5 out of 5,cheap price NOT such a good deal,"The first cigar tasted old and dry. The wrapper fell off half way through the smoke. I won't buy them again. If the deal looks too good to be true, then it probably is!!!!"
Bahia Trinidad,5 out of 5,great cigar smooth,great cigar smooth
Bahia Trinidad,5 out of 5,Yum Yum,Iwas impressed with them. Smooth even smoke. Hope Santa brings me a box.
Bahia Trinidad,5 out of 5,Bahia Trinidad Torpedo and Belicoso,"This is my ""go to"" cigar. When I share them with friends, they cannot believe the quality and taste. Cigars International offers the best pricing, shipping and customer service!"
Bahia Trinidad,5 out of 5,"Tasty cigar,",Good draw and even burn. Trinidad might just be my favorite Bahia.
Bahia Trinidad,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"The Bahia is a great cigar, perfect fit after lunch, good and smoky and nice nutty flavor with hints of cedar"
Bahia Trinidad,5 out of 5,Good golf course cigar,Very nice smooth burning cigar on and off the course.
Balmoral Anejo XO,5 out of 5,A Serious Smoke for Real Cigar Smokers,"Got my first sample via the Little Puff event in DC, and what an incredibly pleasant surprise. Had not heard of the brand, but this is a real cigar not for the faint of heart. Rich, with hints of pepper and leather. It burned evenly, drew easily, produced thick, billowing smoke and held a stable, hearty ash. It packs a nicotine punch akin to that of the Tatuaje cazadore, so if you like a stick that lets you know you are smoking a serious cigar, this one is for you. It quickly earned a permanent spot in my humidor and pairs nicely with a bourbon on those occasions when you are looking for a total experience. This is not an everyday smoke unless you are a nicotine fiend."
Balmoral Anejo XO,5 out of 5,Balmoral Anejo XO Lancero - very smooth and balanced experience.,I prefer maduro/oscuro type of cigars with the sweeter and spicier finish and was very plesantly surprised when tried this one for the first time at my cigar shop. Balmoral Anejo XO Lancero delivered very smooth experience closer to medium finish. Going to get a box for myself.
Balmoral Anejo XO Connecticut,4 out of 5,Great little smoke.,Great little smoke.
Balmoral Anejo XO Connecticut,5 out of 5,Balmoral Anejo XO Connecticut,Well constructed. Very satisfying smoke.
Balmoral Anejo XO Connecticut,5 out of 5,Omg! Very good cigar!,O.g! Very good cigar! Smooth and light woody notes a d white pepper taste!
Balmoral Anejo XO Connecticut,5 out of 5,My new favorite cigar!,"I found this one for the first time a few months ago when a shop owner recommended it to me because I was looking for something that had PA tobacco in it, and when I lit it up, I said ""Wow, this is so smooth!"" I love the mild notes and the creamy vanilla taste. My favorite size is the corona because it smokes cool and flavorful!"
Balmoral Anejo XO Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great smoke!!!,"Great draw, burns slow and clean. Great smooth tasting cigar. One for the Top Shelf. Love it."
Balmoral Anejo XO Connecticut,5 out of 5,Super smooth,Super smooth and flavorful for a mild cigar. Great draw.
Balmoral Serie Signaturas Dueto,5 out of 5,Truly Amazing Cigar,These are amazingly good. Wonderful tangible flavors. Great draw. Wonderful burn. A very special cigar.
Bandidos,5 out of 5,My favorite.,"My absolute favorite small cigar. It feels like Christmas morning when they arrive in the mail. Sweet and smooth, burns nice and slow. Probably smoked 360 of these this year alone."
Bandidos,5 out of 5,good smoke like flavor.need free,good smoke like flavor.need free shipping.
Bandidos,4 out of 5,Bandaids Smooth,These are a nice short smoke. They are tasty and inexpensive.
Bandidos,3 out of 5,First time trying these. I,First time trying these. I find them good for a quick smoke. Not to much sweetness and the price was great.
Bandidos,5 out of 5,Love them on the road,Love them on the road and while working. Great taste. Burn well.
Bandidos,4 out of 5,Bandidos,Pleased with them although some were so loose with holes they could not be smoked. Wanted to order more but you won’t have them for awhile.
Bandidos,5 out of 5,can't beat it for a,can't beat it for a quick hitter
Bandidos,4 out of 5,Good for a quick smoke.,Good for a quick smoke. In joy the flavor of the cigar.
Bandidos,4 out of 5,Great Little Cigar,"I love the Bandidos for a short satisfying smoke while reading or enjoying a quick adult beverage on the deck. I am frustrated of late with the statement, ""Out of Stock"" or ""Delayed for 30 Days."" May check out other vendors."
Bandidos,4 out of 5,Love them,I love these little guys for a working in the yard or shop or best in the boat with a cold beer. A must have for me
Bandidos,5 out of 5,Bandidos,"Great quality, fast shipping"
Bandidos,5 out of 5,Great things in a small package,These little jewels are small and tasty and last just the right amount of time for a short break in the heat! Yes I live in Arizona nothing like a cold glass of iced tea and a stogie on the porch!
Bandidos,5 out of 5,The Best Buy for the,The Best Buy for the money
Bandidos,5 out of 5,"Smooth, just sweet enough, quick","Smooth, just sweet enough, quick and cheap."
Bandidos,4 out of 5,Good overall with a few issues,Generally a good 20 minute smoke. Rarely I will get a bundle that is harsh and sometimes rare cigars tend to canoe. Good draw and sweet taste.
Bandidos,5 out of 5,Love emmm!!!,Love emmm!!!
Bandidos,5 out of 5,Great fine,I spend most my time just chewing on them but they are a great smoke. Not the finest but keep in mind it a burning leaf in your mouth 😀
Bandidos,5 out of 5,cigar,good tasting cigar
Bandidos,4 out of 5,Good short smokes,Good short smokes
Bandidos,5 out of 5,How I like Bandidos,They are not real good looking but I enjoy their taste makes a nice 10 to 15 min break I really 😉
Bandidos,5 out of 5,Perfect little cigar,love these. I smoke a couple a day. Smooth and quick.
Bandidos,5 out of 5,they are good.,they are good.
Bandidos,5 out of 5,Quality,This product is awesome; the only issue I have is the uncertainty of the delivery since I have to find out the product is missing or lost while on transit after two weeks
Bandidos,5 out of 5,Great price,Great price
Bandidos,5 out of 5,My go to quick fix!,"Great smoke when you don't have a lot time. Yes, they're ugly, yes sometimes you get a clunker, but overall they're a great little knock around smoke. Perfect when doing yard work, or wrenching in the garage!"
Bandidos,5 out of 5,I don’t always have time,I don’t always have time to smoke a full size cigar. Bandidos are perfect for a 15- 20 minute smoke. Sweet and tasty!
Bandidos,5 out of 5,Just exactly what I like.,"The band deep roots are tough, mean little cigarillos that do not pack much of a punch, really. They are just what they are. Always smoke smooth, just the exact right amount of time and I'm coming home from work, pain or just right for what I want in a cigarillo. If you are all highfalutin, don't get the Bandido."
Bandidos,5 out of 5,Bandidos Smooth,I have always loved these. Perfect for a quick smoke. I received them within 2 days after I placed my order
Bandidos,5 out of 5,Often plugged by chunks of,"Often plugged by chunks of filler, making for uneven burn and difficult draw."
Bandidos,5 out of 5,nice,always a enjoy
Bandidos,5 out of 5,Bandidos,Really enjoy these cigars for a short smoke
Bandidos,5 out of 5,Small size. Big surprise...,"Bandidos hit the spot any time you need a few
minutes of uninterrupted pleasure..."
Bandidos,5 out of 5,My new go to gar,"I was a little hesitant to order these but figured for the price why not. These have rapidly become my go to gar of choice when I'm working in the yard or when pressed for time. They're slightly sweetened on the tips, burn evenly and have a nice light draw. Just try them already, you won't be sorry!!!"
Bandidos,4 out of 5,Great flavor excellent ring size,Great flavor excellent ring size
Bandidos,4 out of 5,Enjoyed,Tasty little stick. I enjoy this one while driving or during a short work break. This one is a 15-20mins smoke but packs plenty of flavor with a mild strength. Recommend it.
Bandidos,5 out of 5,Great little cigar,Great little cigar for a great price.
Bandidos,5 out of 5,Bandidos. Great little smoke,Great love them. All. I smoke.
Bandidos,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great quick smoke. Really enjoyable. Only complaint is I wish it lasted longer because the flavor is spot on. But love it anyway.
Bandidos,5 out of 5,Love 'em,I've tried several different cheroots. Hands down these are the best. Great for a quick smoke. Always satisfying.
Bandidos,5 out of 5,Bandidos,Great quick smoke!!!!
Bandidos,5 out of 5,Daily Go To,These are perfect for break time and when time is an issue. Pretty well made considering
Bandidos,4 out of 5,Decent quick smoke,Decent quick smoke
Bandidos,5 out of 5,Great 4x a day smoke,"Great smoke for what they are. Some can come a bit unwrapped, sloppy, but that's part of the charm. The flavors are amazing, nice earthy with a tad of sweetness. So glad I decided to try them out for an everyday (every few hours) smoke."
Bandidos,4 out of 5,Good Little Smoke,Bought these as a quick puff and they fit the bill perfectly. They are only a four because the sweet dissipates quickly. All in all they are great for the money.
Bandidos,5 out of 5,they are great cicars,they are great cicars
Bandidos,5 out of 5,Awesome!,Awesome!
Bandidos,5 out of 5,Excellent!,Excellent!
Bandidos,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,Loved the experience.
Bandidos,5 out of 5,Good banditos,"Nice and tight backwoods, Clint Eastwood style cigar. Great for having a quick cigar break"
Bandidos,5 out of 5,great little cigar at a,great little cigar at a awsome price
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,Awesome product,Great little cigarillo/cheroot for the money. Well worth it.
Bandidos Black,3 out of 5,Smaller... meh...,"Original Bandidos are bursting at the seams in the little burlap bag they come in... These Black n' Rich ones are not as plump and marginally shorter on average, so the bag is just sort of meh compared to the originals... Not impressed overall."
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,A very pleasant surprise.,"I'm not a fan of flavored cigars but the slight addition of sweetness gives this little gem another dimension of enjoyment. It's perfect for the afternoon coffee break. Strong but not harsh with good smoke volume. Decent construction, consistency and therefore good cost performance. Sure hope these stay in stock because I'll surely be back for more."
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,Great!,"These are great and for a small smoke deliver a lot of flavor. They aren’t neat but that makes them awesome. Looks like a stick for a pirate. Lighting them is easy, storing them is easy, and so is smoking them. Very well done."
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,Smooth class,Bandidos a relaxing moment in time. Very cool! Thank you!
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,Bandidos Black Dark,Great for when you don’t have time for a larger cigar. Taste great and very smooth. I make sure to always have them stocked up.
Bandidos Black,4 out of 5,Band idols,Band idols
Bandidos Black,3 out of 5,Just Enough,When you want a quiet moment it’s the perfect fit
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,"Yep, Outstanding","Great for a quick smoke, hard to get lately"
Bandidos Black,4 out of 5,A bit skinny and strong,A bit skinny and strong but a real nice smoke.
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,Cigars,Great smoking and chewing
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,nice short smoke,great cigar 4 the coin
Bandidos Black,4 out of 5,Good Alternative,"I like the Dark N Rich Banditos, second only to the Sweet and MIld Banditos which seem to be out of stock A LOT. Dark N Rich are a bit smaller in diameter, so different mouth feel. They ARE tasty little suckers"
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,Great cigar! Perfect everyday smoke.,Great cigar! Perfect everyday smoke.
Bandidos Black,3 out of 5,Ok while on the riding mower...,"I prefer the original Bandidos. These can be harsh and bitter plus almost everyone of them canoes. That said, these are way better than the box of La Aurora Principes I just bought. Those things are gross."
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,Very Nice.,"Nice smoke. Before these I did the Smooth and Sweet ones. I like both. For me it seemed like I got a quicker and harder buzz on these then the others, but that might be because I had a fast paced day today and finally sat down to relax. Seem fine to me. Good aroma."
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,Well Received Gift,I purchased these as a gift for a friend - they love them.
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,One of my new fav's,Great smoke! go's well with bourbon.
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,Rating,I have enjoyed them.
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,Love them,Very enjoyable! Sweet! Great 15min smoke!
Bandidos Black,4 out of 5,Tasty,Tasty
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,Great Flavor!,Very nice smoke with a depth of flavor I have rarely found in small cigarillos. Great for the golf course.
Bandidos Black,4 out of 5,Serves its purpose,"As advertised! A knockout with my ranch hat, could be in Clint Eastwood spaghetti western. Otherwise great 20 min smoke when sun peeks out just long enough during polar vortex."
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,look out humidor meet your new friend,i thought the other bandidos were good.s..t these r great hope u can keep them instock......
Bandidos Black,3 out of 5,sold smoke option for quick smoke,"Tried these for the first time...similar to the regular bandidos, quick smoke..ok give 3 stars"
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,Great little smokes!,Bought these to smoke while I do my chores. Perfect for that. Will order again when I get through these.
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,Nice Short Smoke,"A good little taster for a short golf-course veranda visit.,"
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,MORE FLAVOR,I like these better than the other brand of Bandidos...
Bandidos Black,3 out of 5,OK for the price,The Banditos are much harsher than what I expected. Tips are nicely flavored tho. I will finish the pack but will look for another product next time I want a quick cheroot
Bandidos Black,3 out of 5,Enjoyable quick smoke that wont,Enjoyable quick smoke that wont hurt your wallet. I would suggest if you like Backwoods this is a alternative that might become your go to for a cigar lover with little time.
Bandidos Black,4 out of 5,Good little smoke,Good little smoke
Bandidos Black,4 out of 5,Great little smoke,Great little smoke
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,Great 15minute smoke,Just tried these and love the flavor. Look bad taste great.
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,smooth and tasty,These bandido dark and rich satisfy every need that a regular smoker enjoys. The sweet taste and smooth aroma give me more than one could expect. Please don't tun out of my favorites.
Bandidos Black,4 out of 5,Nice,"Pretty sweet. Smooth. Gets a little bitey towards the end. Good quick, or working outside smoke"
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,Good,Good
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,Bandidos,Great Smoke
Bandidos Black,3 out of 5,Eh.......I'm sticking with the Original version.,"Not rolled as well as the originals. When they did smoke well, it was a good Lil stick. I am sticking with the Originals and just ordered a 2 fer."
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,Great Flavor,Nice and smooth
Bandidos Black,4 out of 5,Don't draw as well as standard bandidos.,They don't draw as well as standard bandidos.
Bandidos Black,4 out of 5,Bandidos - Dark and Rich,good smoke
Bandidos Black,4 out of 5,Nice,Nice
Bandidos Black,4 out of 5,Good but not as good as sweet and mild,Not as excited bout theses as the sweet and milds. A bit harsher and not rolled as well. Am a big bandido fan so will keep some in inventory when the others are on backorder which seems to be often
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,Dark and Delicious,"These little gem's are delicious got the sweetest taste I think these are sweeter than the mild and sweet,perfect burn and all kinds of flavor."
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,Bandidos Black,Not as strong as the original but I like them. I'm ordering more.
Bandidos Black,3 out of 5,"Good flavor, hard draw","These are just as good as their predecessor in flavor. My only issue is most are rolled way too tightly. Out of about a dozen so far, 75% are hard to get a draw on and require some fenessing to be good. That’s the only reason I’m giving it 3/5."
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,Bandidos Dark n' Rich,"A little pricey for what they are, but a pretty good smoke overall. Just a bit sweeter than Bandidos smooth n' sweet"
Bandidos Black,1 out of 5,Not for me...,"Although I bought a few bundles of these since the regular bandidos were out of stock I will not purchase again... I'm smoking on my first bundle but they have an off putting taste, especially about half way thru the cigar... I have more loose tobacco in my mouth than any other brand I have smoked... You might try a bundle to see if you like the taste but I was disappointed in these..."
Bandidos Black,4 out of 5,Okay,"Don't see much difference from the regulars. Still, a good quick smoke at a fair price. I'll probably stick with the regs."
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,Dark n' Rich,These little guys are great tasting quick smokes. Perfect for when you don't have time for a long smoke and still want a lot of flavor. Great price as well!
Belstaff Bond,5 out of 5,Very Enjoyable,Belstaf is becoming one of my favorites! Great flavor all the way to the end with a very firm wrap.
Belstaff Bond,5 out of 5,My new favorite!,Great flavor and an excellent long lasting smoke! Has a really nice aroma and is surprisingly mild.
Belstaff Bond,5 out of 5,Belstaff Bond Robusto,"Great cigar,I just received my second box."
Belstaff Bond,3 out of 5,Good short smoke,"This is a good smoke, nice mild taste. Enjoy it!"
Belstaff Bond,5 out of 5,Belstaff Robusto,"Terrific smoke, easy and consistent draw, nice construction."
Belstaff Bond,5 out of 5,Belstaff robusto,"Good golf course cigar, nice construction, a bit bitey at times but not bad. Great lighter with the deal!"
Belstaff Bond,4 out of 5,A favorable flavor,"This cigar has a very good flavor. But the burn requires constant attention. They have a tendency to go out a little too easily. Aside from that detail, it's worth the price. The flavor is consistant."
BG Meyer Gigantes,4 out of 5,BG Meyer Gigantes 54,I have been smoking this cigar for a while and it has been very consistent with the flavor and construction. The flavors are very unique. Try find r yourself
BG Meyer Gigantes,5 out of 5,Great right out of the,Great right out of the box good even draw
BG Meyer Gigantes,5 out of 5,BG Meyer Excellent,A great cigar. Even taste and burn.
BG Meyer Gigantes,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,Excellent cigar
BG Meyer Gigantes,5 out of 5,Great taste. Very good draw.,Great taste. Very good draw. Nice ash. Good burn. Overall a very good stick.
BG Meyer Gigantes,4 out of 5,"Nice, full bodied cigar. Good","Nice, full bodied cigar. Good value."
BG Meyer Gigantes,4 out of 5,great taste,pleasantly surprised what a taste!
BG Meyer Gigantes,5 out of 5,These won't be around forever...heard,These won't be around forever...heard the blend just didn't have the impact the company hoped - get'em and smoke them while you can (balanced full flavored - A+ addition to your humidor)
BG Meyer Gigantes,5 out of 5,My faves so far,Boom!
BG Meyer Gigantes,4 out of 5,Good smooth medium body,Starts out smooth and stays that way to the end. Light leather nuance to the nose and mild wood flavor.
BG Meyer Gigantes,5 out of 5,Awesome smoke all the way,Awesome smoke all the way to the nub! Will definitely order more of these!
BG Meyer Gigantes,5 out of 5,Would buy again!,Would buy again!
BG Meyer Gigantes,4 out of 5,A favorite smoke,"This has become my ‘go to’ for the golf course, camping 🏕 and the hot tub."
BG Meyer Gigantes,5 out of 5,Great smokes!,I wish I would have tried them sooner!
BG Meyer Gigantes,5 out of 5,Good smoke,"Good price, Good taste"
BG Meyer Gigantes,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,"Nice smooth cigar with a good burn. Very similar to my other favorite, Sitka Signatures which are no longer available at CI."
BG Meyer Gigantes,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
BG Meyer Gigantes,5 out of 5,BG Meyer Gigantes,"My husband thinks these are the best cigars he has smoked in a while, second time I have bought for him."
BG Meyer Gigantes,3 out of 5,Good,Good
BG Meyer Gigantes,5 out of 5,Equal to or better than anything else I've had,"These are now a regular for me, as my ""treat"" cigar. These are equal to or better than anything else I have ever had."
BG Meyer Gigantes,5 out of 5,"High quality, well constructed, flavorful cigar.","High quality, well constructed, flavorful cigar."
BG Meyer Gigantes,5 out of 5,I made a huge mistake.,"I only bought one box.
From the get go this little robusto produced copious quantities of delicious smoke. I had no idea they would be this good. Good looking with a prefect burn. I will buy more. If they go on sale again I will buy two boxes"
BG Meyer Gigantes,4 out of 5,BG MEYER 56,"Well rolled, good flavor, good smoke"
BG Meyer Gigantes,5 out of 5,Pmg,Very good smoke full body with a good price
BG Meyer Gigantes,5 out of 5,Magnificant Gigante Cali,"I bought a box of 20 of the 5 X 54 and have now had them in the humidor for three weeks. Tried one today. Wow!!
Plenty of smoke from start to finish. A hearty but mellowed tobacco flavor. Just a strong great smoke. It was a thumb burner. Did not want to put it down. I will buy ot again!!"
BG Meyer Gigantes,5 out of 5,A great cigar in a cool box!,I ordered a box of these on sale and all I can say is I should ahve ordered 3 or 4 boxes. I have picked up other BG Meyer cigars on deals and every one was a excellent smoke. Well made with a sharp burn and excellent smoke.
BG Meyer Gigantes,5 out of 5,Great little smoke,Great little smoke
BG Meyer Gigantes,5 out of 5,Best place to buy Cigars,I aways have fast and grate service with everyone at CI and fast delivery. thanks again Cody.
BG Meyer Gigantes,5 out of 5,New smokes,"Always like trying something different, this time it was the BG Meyer Gigantes. Was definitely not disappointed!!"
Big Papi by David Ortiz,5 out of 5,Mr. David Ortiz,Great weekend golfing with big papi cigars...
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,I loved them,I loved them
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,great,great
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,Black and Mild Wine flavored wood tipped,"First, it's been difficult finding this flavor in quantity. Fortunately, CI had these in stock. These are my wife's brand and she shares them with her girlfriends. We received them quickly and all were fine. Will be ordering again."
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,Black & Mild,Love Cigar International. Fast service & always fresh inventory.
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,Always get in a timely,Always get in a timely matter thank you
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,Mild Jazz,Smooth & pleasant aroma
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,Black&Mild,"My husband loves these cigars, and I personally LOVE the aroma and a lot of nonsmokers also like the aroma and don't find them offensive."
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,Cigar on hand !!!,"Great on time delivery , continue to strive better"
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,Black and mild wine,great
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,Enjoying,"I like the black & Mild wood tips, I've tried others but go back. A little pricey but still ok"
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,"bought them for my wife,","bought them for my wife, she loves them"
Black & Mild,4 out of 5,Good taste for a quick,Good taste for a quick smoke
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,Very excellent taste,Very excellent taste
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,Good price.,Good price.
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,Great for the price,"Smooth, and long lasting"
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,Great for the price,The best deal ever.
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,A quick treat.,"Tasty, flavorful and satisfying. A quick alternative to a slow smoke. Not too obtrusive in mixed company as the aroma pleases most people who normally object to strong tobacco odor. This cigarillo actually is quite aromatic."
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,The best,Love it!!
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,Fresh,Fresh
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,Best,Best
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,good,Taste good
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,gold and mild,"great cigar. women say they smell like there grandfather pipe. Little hot near the end, but good for 90%"
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,I am a smoker. I,I am a smoker. I enjoy the opportunity to shop without go to town.
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,Middleton wine,Great cigars. Love them!!
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,Middleton wine cigars,They are great
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,Great taste,My husband loves the flavor.
Black & Mild,4 out of 5,Good smooth tasty smoke,Good smooth tasty smoke
Black & Mild,3 out of 5,"Not bad, not my favourites","Not bad, not my favourites"
Black & Mild,4 out of 5,Good Value,Good value for the occasional user with smooth pipe tobacco flavor.
Black & Mild,4 out of 5,Satisfied,Satisfied
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,The best!!!!,They are the best blacks!!!
Black & Mild,4 out of 5,Shipping improved.,Shipping improved.
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,it was great I will,it was great I will order again.
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,Wood tip Black and Mild,"Great little cigar for the times you can’t take to enjoy a full smoke. Easy draw, pipe tobacco is great for a quick smoke."
Black & Mild,3 out of 5,Condor 4.25 inch,it was ok
Black & Mild,4 out of 5,"Black and mild,wine",Smooth taste pleasantly surprised
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,Great,Great!
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,Great,Great taste and great price.
Black & Mild,4 out of 5,Black n mild,"I like to burn one of these during the day, it satisfies my need for a quick smoke and never offends people around me, in fact they really like the pipe tobacco aroma. Can't beat the deal from CI,!!"
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,B & M Jazz,Love the smell and taste
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,LOVE BLACK AND MILDS ORIGINAL CIGARS!,These cigars are very smooth and everyone seems to like them. Even those who smoke cigarettes will ask to bum a B&M.
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,Black and mild,Good daily smokes keep the price low.
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,smooth and tastey,Inexpensive small cigar with rich taste and smooth.
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,KC,All is good.
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,Black and mild,Excellent smoke
Black & Mild,4 out of 5,Black and Mild review,Great little cigar if you want a smoke after a meal or a quick smoke anytime.
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,Black &Mild Wine Wood Tip,"They are a great little cigars. The wine wood tip, are liked by all. Need to order more. Every one likes a small cigar. Great at parties."
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,Middleton Black & Mild,I've been smoking Black & Mild for a long time.Tried other brands over the years but always went back.I love the aroma and flavor.Wish you would go back to the 4 unit discount price.Hope you continue to carry this brand.
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,Awesome service,Received my items on time and in perfect condition
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,BLACK & MILD CHERRY,*****
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,"Really like the cigars, but","Really like the cigars, but shipping cost and tax add 25% to bill. Everything goes up except my paycheck !"
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"Great little cigar, pleasant aroma."
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Good cigar,"Thank you for fast shipment , but I still didn't get my refund from the fist order I didn't get Thank you for being a good company John A."
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Good price and fast delivery.,Good price and fast delivery.
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Best deal,"These are by far the best deal I have found on cigarillos, thanks"
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Good tipped cigar,Seller corrected error in initial USPS delivery and then product received in timely manner.
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Always happy with orders,I know the cigar's are not the big expensive ones but it's what I like and CI always has them and for the best price. Thanks
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Excelent,Very nice cigar
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Owner/Operator,there outstanding
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Love 'em. Keep a pack handy at all times.,"Great daily, while you're working, tinkering or just hanging out smoke. I like the flavor and the aroma of these Blackstone Cigarillos. They're also the first smoke that my wife didn't have loud objections to. This 100 pack is an awesome money saver. I am re-ordering now. And, this will probably be my favorite smoke (aside from the times when I really want one of my more expensive Churchills and some brandy."
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Great Cigarillo,The pipe tobacco gives it a nice smooth flavor easy to smoke
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Not Bad,Good value
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Good flavor,My cigar of choice
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Goodcigars,Goodcigars
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,👍,👍
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,They are a fine cigar,They are a fine cigar for my husband
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,WE LIKE THEM,wWE REALLY LIKE THESE!
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,My Husbands favorite.,We order them monthly great price and service.
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Amazing product,"I have been smoking these for years. Smooth taste, sugary tip, mild. Sometimes you get the occasionally broken cigarillo but other than that, great product."
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Try These,Great Cigarillos
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Cigars,"Great value, for a smoothe smoke!"
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,black stone,There outstanding for short term smoking.
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Great mini cigar at a,Great mini cigar at a great price. Thanks
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Late delivery,Ordered on may 25. This is June 3. Have not received my order.
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,SATISFIED CUSTOMER,Thanks for the many choices of quality products
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,BLACKSTONE CHERRY TIP CIGARILLOS,"THEY ARE GOOD TIP CIGARILLOS FOR MALE OR FEMALES TO SMOKE!
THEY GO OUT IF YOU LAY THEM DOWN IN AN ASHTRAY!
THEY BURN SLOW! THEY DON'T TASTE BAD!"
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Cigar,Vero good service from you.
Blackstone Cigars,4 out of 5,Blackstone Cherry,"Vacationing in Florida, a little slow on delivery. Besides that, it is all good."
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Not what you think,Simple old school cigar
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Nice.,I like them very much. Always good qulity.
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Tasty,Gotta Have 'em.
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Great little cigar,Been smoking these for years as when I smoke one people around me love the smell of them and don't ask me to put it out. I smoke them in my house and they don't stink it up like other cigars or cigarettes do. Great little mild cigar.
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Fast delivery. Good price.,Fast delivery. Good price.
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,A mild cigar,"This cigar has proven to be a mild and non aggressive smoke I have ever experienced.
I gave up smoking cigarettes years ago and started to smoke BLACK STONE CHERRY, IT PROVED TO BE gentle and did not effect my voice its aromatic smell is well received by all who smells it and leaves no lingering foul odor.
I am making an order now."
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,cigars,I purchase these cigars for my husband he enjoys them he has been smoking theses for years I just hate paying for shipping but what do you do!! 5 star
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Cigars,I like the cigars very much ch
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Everything was just fine,Everything was just fine
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Blackstone cherry,smooooooooth.
Blackstone Cigars,4 out of 5,Good taste and aroma,Good taste and aroma
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Blackstone Cherry Tips,I buy this a lot for my friend that is a veteran. He was told by his doctor that these were the best for his health if he was going to continue smoking.
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Blackstone cigars,Very mild cigar great price
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,really enjoy,really enjoy
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Cigars for wife,She loves the cherry flavor cigars and a drink in the evening on the deck weather permitting.
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,A pleasure to do business,A pleasure to do business with. Cheap prices
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Perfect!,Love the cherry flavor and with super fast shipping along with low prices you can't beat it!!
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Repeat Customer,"I have ordered from this company a few times now and have never been disappointed with the quality of the cigars or the fast shipping. The cigars are fresh, packed and arrive without breaks or any delay. Will continue to order."
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Great value,Great value
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Perfect cigar for pipe smokers,These are the perfect cigars for pipe smokers that want a no hassle smoke away from home.
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Casino,You can smoke them in certain casinos in Florida and not cigars
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,BRM,"Great taste, very affordable, perfect size if you don’t have 45 minutes to smoke a cigar."
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,blood red moon,"great price for a great cigar. good draw ,I will be ordering them again."
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,In the morning,"I've been looking for a nice breakfast cigar for a while, I ordered these a month ago and I am enjoying the first one right now it's 6 in the morning. I like a little bit of strength but nothing too overpowering this early in the morning these are perfect that's all there is to say the right size the right amount of flavor great cigar thank you. I will be reordering"
Blood Red Moon,4 out of 5,Short but smooth,Good small cigar for the money!
Blood Red Moon,4 out of 5,Blood Red Moon - Good Small Cigar,"Great for a small size cigar, flavor was very good, nice aroma,the burn was perfect and for a smaller cigar, it lasted quite a long time."
Blood Red Moon,4 out of 5,Connecticut,"Great taste, but burns unequally too frequently, and sometimes wrapped too tightly."
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,great lilltle smoke,nice smoke for the cold days your outside.
Blood Red Moon,4 out of 5,Small size big flavor,I have been looking for a smaller but flavorful Nicaragua cigar. I think I have found one.
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,Great cigars,Great cigars
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,Better than I expected...,These would be good even at a higher price. The maduro may be my new favorite cigar.
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,A Nice Quick Smoke!,"These Blood Red Moon's are a great, quick, and satisfying smoke!"
Blood Red Moon,4 out of 5,Good little smoke,Bought these for my wife but I like them also
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,A real gem,"These little cigars are a great, quick, and tasty smoke."
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,Small and delicious,Great for when I don't have much time for a long smoke
Blood Red Moon,4 out of 5,They are real good at,They are real good at the start towards the end they get a little harsh
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,Great small,Good smoke when time is precious.
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,Nice tasting cigar,Like the taste of this cigar. Good when a short smoke is needed
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,little with big flAVOR,A VERY NICE EASY CIGAR TO SMAOKE.
Blood Red Moon,4 out of 5,Blood Red Moon,Nice even burn and a nice flavor without being to strong. Good evening cigar to relax.
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,Good things in a small package!,I purchased the maduro packs and was pleasantly surprised. I had been trying different smaller cigars to smoke when I go traveling and haven’t long for a smoke…none fit the bill…either too short a smoke of they got clogged easily. This cigar fit the bill…just long enough and smoked perfectly!
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,Great shorty.,"I usually don't go for small cigars, but sometimes I don't have an hour or the weather isn't the best. These are perfect to break out in those times. I first had a five pack as a freebie from CI, but came back to buy a pack later when the weather turned cold."
Blood Red Moon,4 out of 5,Great small cigar,Great small cigar
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,Blood Red Moon Habano,"A nice mini perfecto. Great construction,beautiful draw and great flavor. Perfect when you don't have a lot of time. Would buy again."
Blood Red Moon,3 out of 5,Not Terrible,I bought this to have an inexpensive smoke for the winter time when i don't want to be outside for extended periods. It's not a terrible smoke but it has a peculiar taste. It's constructed well but not sure I'm a huge fan of the taste. I'm not sorry I bought them but I'm not sure i will buy them again. We will see how they taste after they have had a long humi-nap.
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,Cult Blood Red Moon,Very good affordable cigar. Nice tasty half hour smoke in the mini corona. Perfect for tundra winters.
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,"Very Good Smoke, Very Good Price",I have had a couple that were tight / blocked but over all I like then a lot. Have reordered and will again when these are done.
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,Purchase of blood red moon perfecto,Thanks for the order. The cigars were top notch. Thanks again Kevin
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,Great small smoke,Great small smoke
Blood Red Moon,4 out of 5,Enjoyable quick smoke,Had 2 so far better than I expected. Nice for when you don't have a lot of time.
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,Fast and GREAT Service!!!,Exceeded my expectations. I will most defiantly be buying again!
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,Tasty!,Tasty!
Blood Red Moon,4 out of 5,A little to hot.,It does have a maduro taste and starts well but it gets to hot to finish.
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,Love the peppery taste.,Love the peppery taste.
Blood Red Moon,3 out of 5,"Woody,earthy and a hint of","Woody,earthy and a hint of sweetness. One dimensional."
Blood Red Moon,3 out of 5,ok but I'll keep looking,"I was looking for a good lawnmower smoke. The construction quality, and draw were perfect however it did not burn very well and went out about 1/3 way through. Taste also also became harsh early."
Blood Red Moon,4 out of 5,"Good smoke, mostly.","Really enjoy these for a quick (30-40 minute) smoke. The maduro has good, not overwhelming flavor. My only disappointment is in the inconsistent roll, with some packed so tight it's nearly impossible to enjoy. Still, I'll buy these again when they're on sale and overlook the occasional tight wrap."
Blood Red Moon,1 out of 5,I've had better,I was looking for a shorter smoke and thought I would try the Corona. Very little flavor. A number of burn issues. I only bought a five pack and I am glad I did. Would not buy these again.
Blood Red Moon,1 out of 5,Disappointed,"Didn't expect a lot. I knew it was a cheap stick , but it was really bad."
Blood Red Moon,2 out of 5,Other,I much preferred the figurados to the mini coronas.
Blood Red Moon,1 out of 5,Not Good,"I have tied and enjoyed other selections from Cult Cigars, but found no redeeming qualities to Blood Red Moon."
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,Very good I would order again,"I am fairly new to cigars and would occasionally smoke a Macanuda. I found the Blood Red Moon to be full of flavor and a real joy to smoke. The gauge and length were perfect for a half hour smoke, which is about the most my wife will put up with."
Blood Red Moon,4 out of 5,MILD-MEDIUM BODY,"I was expecting an intense spicy, and red pepper bomb. Well, that didn't happen. I was disappointed at first, but the second and third sticks I smoked, I appreciated it more for what it is. A mild-medium body, with mild to medium strength. The primary flavor is red pepper spice, but its not super strong, other flavors of mature tobacco, cashew nut, and a light subtle leather on the finish.
If what I described is what you are in the mood for, then give these a go.
I think this cigar is a good choice for a new, or casual cigar smoker, or someone interested in the lighter side with a little spice kick."
Blood Red Moon,2 out of 5,Not As Good As Advertised,I bought two boxes of these (10 cigars) and will not buy any more...two of them had almost no draw. Several of them got too hot to hold (only half-way down!). The taste wasn't too bad if you discount the harshness.
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,Awesome smoke!,"I love these little gems. Probably one of the best 1/2 hour smoke I have ever tried. I will definitely buy and smoke these in the future. Plus, CI is the bomb, I love you guys and gals that work there. Keep up the fantastic job."
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,A Good Little Cigar,"Small, robust, and even smoking all the way down."
Blood Red Moon,4 out of 5,Strange Name but Good Cigar,"Mild with a slight spice. Nice quality stick, and burns well. Can last up to an hour (if you enjoy it and happen to be locked in conversation about who will win the game). I still don't get the name...."
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,Great small cigar.,Great small cigar.
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,Delicious Little Cigar,This is a favorite of mine for kicking off the night.
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,I want more!!!!!!,"Perfect if you like flavor, these are perfect for an after dinner chat with the family!!!"
Blood Red Moon,3 out of 5,Small cigar with a big punch,These cigars have a ton of flavor
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,Smooth with no after taste,Smooth with no after taste
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Best Cigar for the cost,"I used to get Jose Llopis, another panamanian cigar from cuban seed. However, that was before they sold the plantation. The B2 is the best full bodied cigar you'll get outside of Cuba and better than many Cubans I've had. Worth far more than you pay for them, B2s are the rare gem true smokers look for."
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,B2 Blue Label,Good tasty smoke. Good construction and burn.
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Always good,Best deal available
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Blue Label B2,"For the price, it may be the best cigar in your catalog."
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,My everyday cigar,"These are my go-to everyday cigar and they are awesome... out on the brush hog, or doing some trenching... great cigar and not so heavy I can't function. And I am not heart broken if I have to walk about from 25% due to working circumstances.... buy it all the time."
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,Not terrible,"These are good for ""bulk"" smoke, but they are getting more expensive"
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,CUBAN BLUE WHEEL,EXCELLENT SMOKE. NO COMPLAINTS.
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,this is my go to,this is my go to knock around gar
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,1 out of 5,Extremely hard draw use the,Extremely hard draw use the draw poker and it’s still hard to draw threw 3 away so far
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,I will definitely buy these,I will definitely buy these again.
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,3 out of 5,Eh,Nothing more than an OK everyday smoke. Good enough to give to give friends.....but not your best friends.
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Holy Smokes,Best value in the catalog
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,Good Stick,"Not a bad smoke, has some hints of leather and spice, medium to strong body depending on the stick . Overall enjoyable, will by again."
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,A good everyday cigar,An everyday smoke. A good burn and tasty.
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Fore the price good smoke,My every day smoke Have smoked for years
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,Good Everyday Cigar after a humi nap,A little mild for my taste. Tried one when they arrived. Not Good! Waited two weeks in 75% humi I use to moisten everyday cigars and they are Very Good Everyday cigars. I suspect that the longer you left them in a humi the better. I got them to be everyday cigars and am satisfied with construction.
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Incredible,Great taste and good burn
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,3 out of 5,Easy way to go.,This may become my go to cigar for the golf course. Lasts seven holes which is great. Good flavor and easy draw.
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Great Value,These are a great every day smoke. Nice medium body and you can''t beat the price for a humidor filling 30 cigars.
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,Outstanding everyday smoke,I have purchased this many times and have always been satisfied. Great taste and even better price.
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,BL/Chba Ncrgn,Gr8 deal as alwys.
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,3 out of 5,Blue Label,"Sometimes you feel Blue because they unravel..... but when they stay intact, they are good"
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,loyal customer,good smoke starting to get a little pricey
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,3 out of 5,"Good value, Good smokes...","They're not Brick House, but then they don't cost eight bucks a stick. Very good smoke, but do remember to draw on them slowly or they will run."
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,2 out of 5,Ehhhhhhhhh,"Not a bad tasting cigar, BUT they all have ""holes"" throughout the length of the cigar. I've ordered the wheels before and never had a problem. I deal with this because of the price and it's a knockoff cigar. Can't win them all."
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,3 out of 5,DHD from Pa,"OK , good draw not as good as the regular Blue Labels"
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,2 out of 5,Blue label,So i ordered these cigars qs are litle cheaper smoke to have when out doing outdoor qctivites.. i must say you get what you pay for and i was not impressed from these uneven burn on the cigar or as it may start tunnleing on you . Overall i do not recomend these cigars for ordered.
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,stugotsy,"like the service like the cigars, didnt like ther price this time,"
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,A very good smoke.,This a serious cigar. You have to put these in a quality humidor and let them sit. The critics of an uneven burn etc...probably did not.
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,3 out of 5,Not for me.,A little bitter. Burns uneven and too fast. I will not buy again.
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,great smoke,"Not necessarily the best that CI has to offer, but differently my go to everyday smoke. Smoke well with a heavy peeper accent. For best smoke let it rest for a couple weeks in the humidor"
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,1 out of 5,flavorless cigar no worth your money,flavorless not worth your time smoking. aged them for months. sorry excuse for a cigar
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Always a staple,"Originally purchased this cigar as a golf smoke, cheap and decent. What happened is they end up as one to look for in the humidor. I make sure to keep this smoke on hand."
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,1 out of 5,Don't waste your time or money.,If I could remove the one star and give this none I would. I'm not usually one to give reviews but I had to comment on how bad these are. Don't waste your money. They are so loosely rolled that you have to squeeze them just to get a draw. First time I have gotten anything this bad from CI. Still my favorite cigar site but never will buy these again.
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,B2 Cuban Wheels Robusto,good everyday cigar with easy draw and fine taste.
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Blue label Cuban,"Great smoke, a must try. You will love the way it burns,even and large ash, b/4 you flip it"
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,3 out of 5,Average. Uneven burn on some.,Quite a few uneven burns. Flavor is in though. Price OK.
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,anytime anywhere,great anytime smoke
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,3 out of 5,Burns fast,"Not bad... good aroma, lightly rolled and burns fast."
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Zero complaints,"Good burn and taste, thoroughly enjoyable. I was surprised to see any negative reviews, but to each his own I guess. I'm ordering more."
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Great cigars,"Great cigars. I have been trying these for a few years and they are great cigars with a great price, even with the new labels. Try em."
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,2 out of 5,ok for the price,"They were just ok, nothing great."
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,stogies,"love the double toro, taste is great, blue label a bit dry & don't burn evenly"
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,cigar smoker,good cigar for the value
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,2 out of 5,Don't think I'll get a second time,Based on the first one I smoked this would get no stars. I am letting the others sit in the humidor for a month or so.
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,3 out of 5,blue label,good cigar for the money
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,3 out of 5,Not bad,"A decent daily smoker, good price, pretty good taste. Worst thing is an uneven burn is pretty common."
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,Good smoke,"Good value. Mostly leather and tobacco with spice and power at the end, medium body. Good draw with a few touch ups."
Bold by Nish Patel,5 out of 5,GREAT. Excellent draw & burn. One of my top 5.,Excellent construction. Tobacco one of the best constructed Cigars’s. You will enjoy.
Bold by Nish Patel,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"Excellent job Nish,the construction and burn are excellent. The draw and smoke is perfect. Nice med-full body.I'll be back for more."
Bold by Nish Patel,5 out of 5,One of my Favorites,"The Rocky Patel Bold's are by far my favorite cigar for the price and quality. When I order them, I have to get a few packages at a time because they can be backordered."
Bolivar,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Lots of flavor. Easy draw. Just a real pleasure to smoke.
Bolivar,5 out of 5,Superb cigar! burns great! I wish I bought more!,Superb cigar! burns great! I wish I bought more!
Bolivar,5 out of 5,Bolivar,It's my go-to cigar.
Bolivar,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Very smooth. Full flavored easy draw
Bolivar,5 out of 5,Black and beautiful,"Although it’s nothing like a Cuban bolivar, it is very good. It is very dark and oily, and beautiful construction. It has A very earthy, oak like, and unsweetened dark chocolate flavor. Not unlike a partagas black label. Love it"
Bolivar,5 out of 5,good cigar,"good flavor and taste great, smokes well."
Bolivar,4 out of 5,Bolivard,Bolivard
Bolivar,4 out of 5,Bolivar Gianti,"Unlit the cigar has the Aromas of eucalyptus , loam and forest floor. When lit the flavors of the Aromas continue combined with burning Hickory. The construction of the cigar is extremely good. It burns very evenly, somewhat of a feat given the size of it."
Bolivar,5 out of 5,The Star of the Show,"This year marked the 10th Holy Smoke at Enders Island. An event created by Father Tom, Ed McCabe myself drew 135 people at our Reserva I and this year we had 436! At the Reserva X I introduced the Enders Island Cigar Club, a pre-event for 15 at which I served The Star of the Show. This Bolivar knocked people’s socks off, and at an event where the Cigar Sponsor brought in 5 different premium cigars there were people that were not “in the club” wanting to buy them from me.
A new favorite among the group. Outstanding."
Bolivar,5 out of 5,"Arrive timely, great service, and","Arrive timely, great service, and an excellent cigar!"
Bolivar,5 out of 5,BEST CIGARS EVER!!!,Best cigars ever!! My favorite cigars of all time
Bolivar,4 out of 5,Bolivar Robusto Crystal (tubos),The overall construction was good but a bit tight on the draw.
Bolivar,5 out of 5,Bolivar,"This cigar is terrific, but i am a big Bolivar fan."
Bolivar,5 out of 5,BOLIVAR ROBUSTO TUBOS,"These are fine cigars at a reasonable price. I like that they are packed in the glass tubes. Always a smooth, even-burning smoke right down to the end."
Bolivar,5 out of 5,Bolivar always a favorite.,"I cannot say enough about all of the bolivar cigars, always a favorite of mine, never miss a beat on them. Continual even smoke throughout, great flavor, burns slow and holds everything you would want in a heater ! A must have."
Bolivar,5 out of 5,A Great Cigar,Really enjoy these - a great smoke from start to finish!
Bolivar,1 out of 5,disappointing,"Far, far from its Cuban namesake. I found it to be somewhat bitter and tasted of immature tobacco. The overall construction was good but a bit tight on the draw. Unlike a quality cigar I found there to be thick, hard leaf stems throughout that caused visible bumps on the surface, like warts on a pickle. Don't think I would smoke another one if it was given to me. I've had better bundle/discount cigars"
Bolivar,4 out of 5,Well worth it,Nice consistent flavor. Kind of a rough feel but great savory scent to them. Really liked them. Some burned a bit off. But always a great CI deal!
Bolivar,4 out of 5,Bolivar still a hero,Great puro...too bad 8 tubo boxes are not available. It always on my humidor right by my la gloria cubana black serie .
Bolivar,4 out of 5,Cool and alright,"all is good no biggy, Thanks Cigar International."
Bolivar,3 out of 5,Not as good as the,"Not as good as the price indicates. Uneven burning, definitely mild."
Bolivar,5 out of 5,..i will order again as soon they are available.,wow what a cigar !!
Bolivar,4 out of 5,Bolivar gigante..,Wow..what a tasty cigar..beautiful color..i will order again.
Bolivar,3 out of 5,decent cigar,"Not bad, a bit too long for my tastes but decent flavor. The draw can be a bit tight, burn was good."
Bolivar,5 out of 5,Highly satisfied,No problems. Quick and easier offering experience; fast delivery of quality products. I'm certainly buying my cigars here again!!!
Bolivar,5 out of 5,I Love This Cigar,"One of my favorites. Well constructed, smooth draw, good smoke and tasty. This one should be in your humidor."
Bolivar,5 out of 5,MHS from the home of cigars in Tampa,"Every time I smoke a Bolivar I wonder why I smoke anything else. The Bolivar Robusto Crystal is exactly what a cigar should taste and smell like. Smooth, rich and alluring, it is a must try by all cigar enthusiasts."
Bolivar,5 out of 5,Bolivar cigars,I enjoyed the Bolivar cigars. They have a great flavor without being overpowering. I would recommend this cigar to others.
Bolivar,4 out of 5,Welcome Back Bolivar,"Used to love the Cuban Bolivar's - the domestic version, not so much. Happened across the re-branded version at a cigar bar in PDX recently (it was one of the few decently priced offerings) and was surprised by the smooth, even burning smoke. So much in fact, that I bought a box. The box didn't disappoint and I was able to impress some of my cigar smoking friends with the redeaux. On my list of favorites now."
Bolivar,5 out of 5,Bolivar Churchill,good smoke.
Bolivar,5 out of 5,Just Good Tobacco Flavor!!,"This is not an over- blended, boutique cigar. All Honduran tobacco, nice looking, good construction, good burn and medium draw. You can nub it but you have to take it easy at the end. This cigar could be included in a 10 cigar sampler with: Relic (great), Sancho Panza, San Lotano Habano (not oval) and CAO Extreme. Good tobacco flavor for tobacco lovers!!"
Bolivar Cofradia,5 out of 5,My husband and sons enjoyed,My husband and sons enjoyed them
Bolivar Heritage Series,5 out of 5,great cigar,one of my go to sticks
Bolivar Heritage Series,4 out of 5,"Good, not great!","Good, not great!"
Bolivar Heritage Series,5 out of 5,Bolivar Heritage Series 550,Very flavorful and rich cigar.
Bolivar Heritage Series,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Bolivar Heritage Series,5 out of 5,Search for the perfect Cigar is over,"Gents,
There are no words to describe this cigar but I'll do my best. My search for the perfect Cigar is over. Beautifully wrapped with a pigtail and a shaggy foot, this beauty hits like a champ, the easiest draw of any cigar I've ever smoked. Full volume of rich layed black tobacco smoke. I'm afraid to praise it too much in fear of it becoming scarce."
Bolivar Heritage Series,5 out of 5,Search for the perfect Cigar is over,"Gents,
There are no words to describe this cigar but I'll do my best. My search for the perfect Cigar is over. Beautifully wrapped with a pigtail and a shaggy foot, this beauty hits line a champ, the easiest draw of any cigar I've ever smoked. Full volume of rich layed black tobacco smoke. I'm afraid to praise it too much in fear of too many trying it and then it becomes scarce."
Boss Classic,5 out of 5,Boss is Best,Awesome Cigar
Boss Classic,5 out of 5,boss is boss,a great cigar very smooth from start to finish will be a constant in my humidor
Boss Classic,4 out of 5,Too much spice for me!,"Too much spice for me!
I am in tothe tobacco flavor myself.
Great draw and construction however!"
Boss Classic,2 out of 5,Taste,Not a very good tasting smoke. The aroma not that pleasant.
Boss Classic,5 out of 5,Premium smoke surprisingly affordable.,"A friend gave a me a Classic Robusto last weekend and I really like it. Being an occasional smoker I prefer medium body but still like to get a full flavor experience. Getting both in is often a hit or miss - unless you are willing to spend a fortune. Not with the Classic. Besides the rich flavor - the cigar is beautifully made, burning well all way round. For my taste this is a premium taste experience and all that at an affordable price - much lower than expected for this quality. I will definitely get a couple more sticks."
Boss Classic,5 out of 5,Not an ordinary cigar,"This was my first ""Boss"" cigar ever - and knowing that this blend was created by well-known Kelner Jr's boutique factory I had high expectations. And I was not disappointed. I liked the medium body, smooth taste and rich aroma. Even burn and balanced taste throughout the full hour of smoking the Robusto. Besides tasting well - the label and box are looking great too. A premium cigar - and I will certainly get a couple more."
Boss Classic,5 out of 5,Fantastic Cigar,Best cigar I ever smoked. I bought a box a week ago and so far I smoked 9 cigars. Each one better than the last. I also found out that this cigar was blended by Hankie. I would definitely recommend this cigar for any smoker.
Boss Classic,1 out of 5,Not A Boss,"I smoke this cigar when it first came out. It's a weak cigar and lacks flavor. Yes it's packaged like a Ferari but it smokes like a Hyundai. It's not the real Boss. It's more like the Boss,s assistant. It will never be the Boss."
Boutique Blends La Boheme,5 out of 5,Sublime,"The best cigar I've ever smoked. Perfect draw, great burn, and flavor and complexity for days. Expensive yes. Worth it? Absolutely."
Boutique Blends La Boheme,5 out of 5,very good,very good
Boutique Blends La Boheme,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Nice smoked good tasted good some a little bitter
Boutique Blends La Boheme,5 out of 5,La Boheme,Great stick
Boutique Blends La Boheme,5 out of 5,La Boheme,love this smooth full bodied cigar
Boutique Blends La Boheme,4 out of 5,La Boheme,"Full-bodied, thick heavy smoke, not for the beginner. Great after dinner smoke."
Boutique Blends La Boheme,4 out of 5,Nice cigar one of my,Nice cigar one of my favorite
Boutique Blends La Boheme,5 out of 5,"so far so good, even","so far so good, even burn, great taste"
Boutique Blends La Boheme,4 out of 5,pretty darn good,pretty darn good
Boutique Blends La Boheme,5 out of 5,Great smoke,These are spicy creamy smoke that imho are just as good or very similar to the over priced opus x
Boutique Blends La Boheme Encantador,5 out of 5,Smooth and Bold,"Very satisfied with this stick, I was looking for a smoke that has oodles of flavor and the presence of a strong and stout. Excellent notes throughout, this jewel will not disappoint."
Boutique Blends La Boheme Encantador,5 out of 5,Good cigars,Good cigars
Boutique Blends La Boheme Encantador,5 out of 5,"Sounded likr something I would like, BUT......",lacking in the flavor I have come to appreciate. Patel's Decade and Padron's #35 are more to my liking. Looking forward to an upcoming special!!
Boutique Blends La Boheme Encantador,5 out of 5,great cigar,great tasting cigar and a great price
Boutique Blends La Boheme Encantador,4 out of 5,Great bargain for a good,Great bargain for a good smoke
Boutique Blends La Boheme Encantador,5 out of 5,Very good,Very good
Boutique Blends La Boheme Encantador,5 out of 5,La Boheme Encantador,Excellent cigar. Superb flavor
Boutique Blends La Boheme Encantador,5 out of 5,Awesome,Awesome
Boutique Blends La Boheme Encantador,5 out of 5,Very nice,Goo seegar
Boutique Blends La Boheme Encantador,4 out of 5,Complex cigar.,"Picked this up from a local B&M. This is a beautiful looking cigar with great construction. Very complex flavors. The cigar starts full bodied and full strength. The body mellows after the 1st third slightly. I actually agree that there is a touch of oak, honey, and moderate pepper flavor. This also had lots of raisin/aged tobacco flavors throughout. Nice. Not for the inexperienced palate or on an empty stomach."
Boutique Blends La Boheme Encantador,5 out of 5,Excellent service and follow up,Excellent service and follow up
Brazilian Cream,3 out of 5,"Pretty good, not a bad","Pretty good, not a bad deal for the price"
Brazilian Cream,4 out of 5,Tasty,For the money these are pretty tasty. I would definitely buy them again.
Brazilian Cream,4 out of 5,Every day smoke at a great price,"A great every day value smoke. I had the first right off the truck and wasn't impressed. After a couple of weeks in the humidor, they really evened out and I've been enjoying them thoroughly. Smooth and easy draw with a creamy smoke."
Brazilian Cream,5 out of 5,Excellent !,Excellent taste !! Good draw and puff! :)
Brazilian Cream,4 out of 5,Not bad for a value cigar,"Not Bad for a value cigar. Smooth profile, decent burn. Good cigar for handing out to cigar mooching friends or for doing yard work."
Brazilian Cream,4 out of 5,Brazilian Cream,Good smoke
Brazilian Cream,4 out of 5,End tends to fall apart,End tends to fall apart but overall enjoyable cogar
Brazilian Cream,5 out of 5,I can see how they get their name.,"Even burn, smooth draw and long lasting. When you get to the middle you can really taste the flavor. You can tell it was rolled on the inner thigh of a beautiful woman."
Brazilian Cream,5 out of 5,Nice creamy flavor,I give it five stars for the price plus it is very creamy a pleasure to smoke you can't go wrong with this one thanks CI
Brazilian Cream,4 out of 5,good value cigar just a little short of a great cigar,"quality, construction, blending i give it 4 stars. Where it comes up lacking is the wrapper its an okay smoke but the wrapper needs more flavor. the flavor is good but not great. when smoking this cigar you can tell its once to be a great cigar. but just falls a little short but for the price its outstanding value. i just wish the wrapper was a little fuller flavor. i would buy again knowing the shortfalls."
Brazilian Cream,5 out of 5,my new everyday,tasty little cigar priced to be my everyday cigar
Brazilian Cream,5 out of 5,Try this cigar...you won't be disapointed!,"My favorite budget cigar to date. I primarily lean toward premium cigar brands and I am always on the look out for a great value cigar to moderate costs...this is it! Great burn, robust, and put together perfectly. Pleasnantly surprised!!"
Brazilian Cream,5 out of 5,Pleasant Surprise,"Bought as a special offer; pleasant surprise.
Nice smoke while doing something else."
Brazilian Cream,4 out of 5,Good Flavor,Got them on. CI Special. I’m ordering my third pack.
Brazilian Cream,5 out of 5,WOW!,Excellent cigar at a great price. Smokes smooth down to the nub.
Brazilian Cream,4 out of 5,Good Value,"Was a good value. Taste was decent, some of the had a harder draw. All in all I’ll buy again"
Brick House,5 out of 5,Nice smoke,"Great from the beginning to the end. Even burn , lots of smoke easy draw, very enjoyable."
Brick House,5 out of 5,Wonderful smoke. Lasts about 2,"Wonderful smoke. Lasts about 2 hours with a wonderful and even draw. Wife does not complain at all about the smell and they do not leave an after taste or a morning bad breath smell or taste. I Like the Habana wrappers the best and CI seems to have them in stock over other vendors. I give them to friends who ask where they can obtain them as everyone I give them to enjoys them. Very good smoke for a long, enjoyable cigar."
Brick House,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Great Smoke
Brick House,5 out of 5,Great cigar with a good,Great cigar with a good price
Brick House,4 out of 5,Brick house,"Good smoke, good price"
Brick House,5 out of 5,Long lasting smoke,Long lasting smoke
Brick House,5 out of 5,the best cigar,I have tried all the high rated cigars and some are good some are not so good. Brick house Mighty Mighty has to be my favorite. Flavorful but never harsh. it is the best. I keep returning to it no matter what else I try.
Brick House,4 out of 5,Coffee and chicory flavor,Good draw and adequate flavor for a cheap cigar
Brick House,5 out of 5,Favorable,"Brick House Mighty Mighty is an outstanding cigar, full of flavor and robust.
Scott F."
Brick House,5 out of 5,Love my Brickhouse,Uniqe=ue good flavor. Well made for an inexpensive cigar. Burns well with no flaking or unraveling. One of my new favorites!
Brick House,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke for the money
Brick House,5 out of 5,It's a Brick House....,"It's a Brick House.... Solid med/full bodied smoke. Burns great, tastes great. Will be adding more to my humidor."
Brick House,4 out of 5,Top notch cigar,Nice even burn.A must for your humidor.
Brick House,5 out of 5,Fine Smoke,One of my favorite cigars. Always well made and a great smoke. Also like the 60 gauge size.
Brick House,5 out of 5,What a rush!,"You cannot best the price of this per stick considering the higher quality. The Brickhouse is a great daily smoke for me. It is smooth and the puro packs the punch I need everyday. Wow. Not for the first timer. These are only for seasoned cigar smokers. I'm always on the hunt for a good daily smoke and this is one for me. I judge a cigar by the feel I have afterwards. If I can barely walk, it's my choice. What a rush man."
Brick House,4 out of 5,Full Body Smoke For After Dinner,Very nice after a hearty meal. Full body and lots of flavor. Nice construction good draw. Burns slow cool and even. Its full bodied but stays smooth. Tasted of cedar and espresso. I would not smoke these every day only when the mood strikes for a power smoke.
Brick House,5 out of 5,A Favorite,"Great taste and always good construction. Hard to beat for a 60 ring cigar.
So good that I think I'll have another!!"
Brick House,5 out of 5,Best cheap cigar,"Great smooth medium flavor, not too light, not too harsh, if you can get a decent price on these, you should definitely give them a shot"
Brick House,5 out of 5,Da judge,"My favorite cigar, smooth and tasty"
Brick House,5 out of 5,Brick House,"Hey, it's another JC Newman product, you expect quality construction, nice draw and an enjoyable smoke, this will never disappoint...."
Brick House,4 out of 5,GREAT VALUE!,A WONDERFUL EVERYDAY SMOKE.
Brick House,4 out of 5,Very good after work Cigar,Very good after work Cigar
Brick House,5 out of 5,Try them. Can't go Wrong,Great Smoke.
Brick House,5 out of 5,Who's house,"Great cigar , I enjoyed every puff ."
Brick House,4 out of 5,Great taste and a great,Great taste and a great price
Brick House,5 out of 5,Brick house Churchill,Solid cigar great constructed and good taste
Brick House,5 out of 5,Best buy,"Great cigar , great price ! This is my fifth box. Of Brick House. I like the Toros over the Churchills"
Brick House,5 out of 5,Awesome,A very good cigar for the price. Taste great from stat to finish
Brick House,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"I have been buying the Brick House Fumas so I decided to try the regular Brick House and man what a great tasting cigar, I will buy more this week."
Brick House,5 out of 5,Staple,"I wasn’t sure about purchasing this at first, but I’m sure glad I did. It’s definitely going to be a staple in my humi. Very meaty from start to finish, large bouquet, and a nice easy draw. I was impressed. I will definitely purchase more!"
Brick House,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Brick House,4 out of 5,Mighty Mighty,Great All the way around but a little less hearty than I personally like to smoke... I find these a solid medium body but prefer medium to full bodied at the minimum for my best cigar moments.
Brick House,5 out of 5,Brickhouse,One of the Best Cigars on the market.
Brick House,5 out of 5,A really well made and,A really well made and great tasting cigar!
Brick House,5 out of 5,Brick House Robusto a real winner,"This is by far one of the best sticks in my humidor. When I'm wanting a nice after-dinner cigar, or if I just want to chill-ax on the balcony with a nice bourbon and smoke, this little wonder never fails to enhance the experience. My first box purchase will be filled with these. DMT"
Brick House,2 out of 5,What happened?,"These used to be my favorite cigar. The last box I received has provided flat, tasteless, poorly-wrapped cigars that burn unevenly. I've yet to have a good one from the box. Not sure if I received an ""off box"", but I won't be investing in these any more. Highly recommend Oliva Flor de Oliva Giants as a much more enjoyable alternative."
Brick House,5 out of 5,Brick House Robusto,"Brick House is my go to, everyday cigar. Medium bodied, always burns well, consistent flavor and aroma. Best cigar for the money."
Brick House,5 out of 5,Easy deal,"Checked several sites CI was slightly less. Cigars came quicker than I expected and were exactly what I expected, no surprises. I hate surprises haha. Thank you for the great service."
Brick House,5 out of 5,Awesome cigar,Burns even... Full flavored cigar and for a decent price... A nice go to everyday cigar
Brick House,5 out of 5,Yummy,"I really enjoy the flavor great for a nice drive or relaxing to working on the cars and around the house, it is a nice medium body full of flavor and long lasting taste. Definitely worth every last penny!!!!"
Brick House,4 out of 5,Nice draw,Nice draw
Brick House,4 out of 5,Brick house toro,"A very good smoke, draws nicely."
Brick House,4 out of 5,Full body smoke,Perfect burn full body especially on the finish taste great
Brick House,2 out of 5,Forgetable,title says it all. bo hum
Brick House,5 out of 5,Wii made and tasty.,Wii made and tasty.
Brick House,5 out of 5,She's a Brick House!!,AlwYs a satisfying smoke.thick chewy smoke. Medium to full bodied. Nice after work relaxation!
Brick House,4 out of 5,Good stick,Good stick wrapper tends to flake off at times but a good smoke.
Brick House,5 out of 5,"This Lady's Stacked, and that's a fact, she ain't hodin' nothing back!","Even though I've been smoking cigars for a few years, I still consider myself to be ""learning the ropes"". I do know, however, that the Mighty Mighty is my favorite, most enjoyable smoke. It always burns well, has a wonderful aroma, and the flavor never disappoints, especially when paired with a nice bourbon-on-the-rocks. This is the one cigar that I make certain to have a nice supply of in my humidor. Keep up the good work, guys, and keep those specials rollin'.
Mike Taylor"
Brick House,5 out of 5,Brickhouse cigars,Excellent
Brick House,5 out of 5,There's a Reason it's a CA Top-25,"Brick House. ""She's mighty-mighty, just lettin' it all hang out!"" It has that soft draw of a Nub, perfect burn all the way down. Believe me, you'll want to finish this one. I've resolved myself to smoking only highly rated cigars and CA Top-25's. This one is a total no-brainer."
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great puff to start your,Great puff to start your morning
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great smoke,I say get them! Great morning stick with breakfast and coffee!
Brick House Connecticut,4 out of 5,A really good mellow mild,"A really good mellow mild smoking cigar, two thumbs up."
Brick House Connecticut,4 out of 5,👍,👍
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,My most favorite cigar. Wish,My most favorite cigar. Wish I could afford more
Brick House Connecticut,3 out of 5,Brickhouse,Great breakfast cigar burns good through and through good finish
Brick House Connecticut,3 out of 5,Not a bad smoke,Not a terrible smoke
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,nice,excellent medium body smooth smoke
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,One of the best cigars!,Simply an amazing smoke - it's been my go-to for years
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,Smooth smoke burns great,Smooth smoke burns great
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,brickhouse Robusto,"A mellow smoke , nice for working in garage"
Brick House Connecticut,4 out of 5,"Nice mellow smoke, good burn","Nice mellow smoke, good burn"
Brick House Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good smoke.,Good smoke.
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,BH Ct Robusto,My favorite smoke! Always smooth and just right mix of flavor
Brick House Connecticut,3 out of 5,"had a good mild taste,","had a good mild taste, the cap had split when i took at the rapper but overall it was good"
Brick House Connecticut,4 out of 5,Tasty Connecticut's,both have nice flavor at a tasty price.
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,They’re Mighty Mighty,"Wow, can’t get enough of these beauties! Love em on the golf course in the mornings! Love em on the back patio in the evenings! Love em on the fly fishing floats down the Big Hole River during those lazy Montana Summers!"
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,A Delicious Cigar!,This is one of the best cigars I have ever smoked. Even burn and mild tasting. Very impressive! An enjoyable smoke and well constructed.
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,Brick house for the win,Awesome smooth smoke
Brick House Connecticut,4 out of 5,Not bad at all,Good single dimensional morning stick with a strong cup of Joe!
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Brick House Connecticut,4 out of 5,Smooth and distinctive,Smooth and distinctive
Brick House Connecticut,4 out of 5,Kenny R.,"Smooth, great tasting stick."
Brick House Connecticut,4 out of 5,Decent Mellow Stick,Maybe not the best stick you'll ever smoke but definitely not the worst..Mellow flavor with a decent burn!
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,Excellent,Nice smoke
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,Very fine cigar,Very fine cigar
Brick House Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good cigar,"While not one of my favorites, this cigar has a good draw and good strength. However it is not too strong. The flavor is good, kinda toasty for the most part. Fairly mellow for my taste and a bit one dimensional. Wouldn't mind receiving as a gift but probably won't buy again."
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,One of my favorite cigars,One of my favorite cigars
Brick House Connecticut,4 out of 5,New Brick House,Great Connecticut Cigar that developes from from mild to intense. Will buy again
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,Always a good choice,"The Brick House Connecticut is an excellent smoke. They are my favorite, day in and day out."
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,# 1 Stogie:,""" It's a Brick House."""
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,EXCELLENT,EXCELLENT
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,brick house conn.robusto,good smoke easy draw would get more
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,Brick House Connecticut,"Very well constructed, great draw, and pleasant flavor. Just a perfect cigar."
Brick House Connecticut,3 out of 5,Mediorce Cigar,"I like a mild cigar, but I also like them rolled properly. This one was a little loose which made it a tough draw."
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great taste,"First off this is not a mellow cigar.More medium taste.That said,I loved this cigar.Very firm rolled.the draw is easy.the burn is slow and straight. I bought this for my morning smoke but this is for your afternoon smoke with your favorite drink.You will love this cigar."
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,Excellent Connecticut,Everything you'd expect from Brick House. An excellent milder offering to their line.
Brick House Connecticut,4 out of 5,Was a Whack A Deal,good buy on quality 5 Pack
Brick House Connecticut,1 out of 5,Brick House,"They are terrible, after 4 of them I have tossed them away. They were very dry and burned hot with a smell that was almost like burning cellulose.
I have ordered Rocky Patel now they are back in stock"
Brick House Connecticut,4 out of 5,Brick house cigars,Good cigar for the price.
Brick House Connecticut,3 out of 5,a decent smoke,overpriced
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,Brickhouse,WOW.... EVERYTIME!!!
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,Nice Cigar,"Pretty happy with these, especially for the price!"
Brick House Connecticut,4 out of 5,Brick house,Great all day cigar smooth and plenty of flavor burns down to the nub
Brick House Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good,"3 of the 14 I have smoked so far were impossible to draw.
Big pieces of stems were the problem. I have almost never encountered
this problem with Perdomo Barrell Aged Connecticut or My Father
Connecticut cigars."
Brick House Connecticut,3 out of 5,Ok,Ok
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,Brick house Connecticut,Excellent length thickness and taste
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,Good smoke but light,"Good quality cigar, but just a bit too light for my taste. I'd call it a 'morning cigar', it doesn't hit you very hard and provides a mellow experience."
Brick House Connecticut,3 out of 5,No bad cheap cigar,"The Brick was a pretty good buy for the quality and money, very mild and smooth. I would buy them again, when I am out of them."
Brick House Fumas,5 out of 5,Perfect,Glad I ordered these Brick house cigars they are a good smoke
Brick House Fumas,4 out of 5,Good Everyday,This is a very good everyday smoke. I found something I like a little better but my friends really enjoy these and at the price I don't mind handing them out.
Brick House Fumas,4 out of 5,Not a bad smoke for,Not a bad smoke for the price. My only thought on this cigar is it’s very difficult to remove cigar band. Might seem a little picky but I can’t count how may bands are glued to the leaf and rip he cigar.
Brick House Fumas,4 out of 5,Excellent,"An excellent cigar at an excellent price.
A great everyday stick"
Brick House Fumas,4 out of 5,Hearty cigars. Good from head,Hearty cigars. Good from head to foot. Nice ash. GREAT EVERYDAY Smoke.
Brick House Fumas,5 out of 5,Good cigar.,Nice easy smoke. No spice.
Brick House Fumas,4 out of 5,Brick House Fumas Sixty,"Decent cigar, great price"
Brick House Fumas,5 out of 5,Great Cigar for the Price.,Great Cigar for the price. Good flavor and always an even burn. One of my favorites.
Brick House Fumas,5 out of 5,Bob,"These cigars are excellent, I have bought them before and will definitely buy them again !!"
Brick House Fumas,5 out of 5,Good smokes,Good smokes
Brick House Fumas,5 out of 5,Good product,Good product
Brick House Fumas,4 out of 5,My go-to cigar,"Super friendly smoke. Stays lit, good wrap and density. Flavor is great and on the light side of medium."
Brick House Fumas,4 out of 5,Excellent smoke.,"Great quality, very fresh."
Brick House Fumas,4 out of 5,Okay cigar for the price,Okay cigar for the price
Brick House Fumas,5 out of 5,Smooth,Perfect size and a smooth smoke....
Brick House Fumas,5 out of 5,Great Budget Smoke,I love these Brickhouse stogies. They are a regular part of my humidor. Good wrapping. Great draw. Excellent taste.
Brick House Fumas,4 out of 5,Good deal,"Good flavor,good price. Downflaw,thin delicate wrapper,a lot were wrapped too tight and hard to draw.orer all good smoke,good burn."
Brick House Fumas,4 out of 5,Good flavor. I have had,"Good flavor. I have had a few explode on the golf course. Very disappointing. In general, a fine cigar."
Brick House Fumas,4 out of 5,Good Cigar,For those who smoke daily it's a good cigar for the price
Brick House Fumas,4 out of 5,Brick House Fumas,Good smoke good value
Brick House Fumas,5 out of 5,Good value for everyday cigar,Bought these for an everyday cigar.. very consistent and worth the price
Brick House Fumas,4 out of 5,Fumas $ Finas,Good cheap stick for everyday coughing ... I’ll order more
Brick House Fumas,4 out of 5,Everyday Cigar,"Overall happy with the taste and performance of the Brick House Fumas Toro. The only nit is getting off the label. In some cases, very difficult and slightly damaging the wrapper. I would purchase again."
Brick House Fumas,3 out of 5,Brick House,Draw isn’t great. Decent everyday cigar.
Brick House Fumas,3 out of 5,Not good for golfing better,Not good for golfing better out riding the mower
Brick House Fumas,5 out of 5,Solid 5 for the price and taste,"I give it a five because it was truly surprisingly good. For the price this should get a solid 5. It burns well, nice tones."
Brick House Fumas,4 out of 5,GOOD,GOOD
Brick House Fumas,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Brick House Fumas,4 out of 5,Surprisingly smooth,Surprisingly smooth
Brick House Fumas,4 out of 5,"Try them, you'll be surprised.","Smooth, even burning everyday cigar. Draws well, no unwrapping issues. I would definitely suggest for a try."
Brick House Fumas,5 out of 5,Great everyday smoke!,Great everyday smoke. Burns even and slow. Great price point as well. Smokes like a stick twice the price.
Brick House Fumas,4 out of 5,Great cigar. Was as an,Great cigar. Was as an even better deal!
Brick House Fumas,5 out of 5,great stick for the price,great cigar for the price. this is my go to for yard work or when i’m workin on the truck.
Brick House Fumas,3 out of 5,Ok build hit and miss,Ok build hit and miss
Brick House Fumas,3 out of 5,Not a solid and consistent,Not a solid and consistent wrapper but good smoke
Brick House Fumas,4 out of 5,Brick House,Great everyday smoke
Brick House Fumas,5 out of 5,STRONG SMOKE,CIGAR IS GOOD BUT STRONG.
Brick House Fumas,5 out of 5,Great,Love these for an everyday smoke
Brick House Fumas,5 out of 5,Solid smoke,"Enjoy these as an economy smoke. Mild flavor and a bargain. Prefer the Maduro Fumas, but these are pretty solid as well."
Brick House Fumas,5 out of 5,Brickhouse Robusto,Great Cigar smooth and burns even
Brick House Fumas,5 out of 5,Very nice cigar,Very nice cigar
Brick House Fumas,5 out of 5,Brick House Fumas Robusto,I find the Brick House Fumas Robusto to be a very smooth and flavorful smoke at a Great value.
Brick House Fumas,5 out of 5,Worth the buy!!,"Bought the 20 pack to fill some space in my humidor. With cookout season coming, these are good for the yard or grill as you don’t have to pay much attention to the smoke itself. Also good to share with non smoker friends who wanna burn one with you. I’ve made the mistake of passing out pricier cigars that don’t get the respect they deserve. Definitely worth the buy and I plan on keeping some of these on hand"
Brick House Fumas,5 out of 5,Built like a Brick House,Absolutely my favorite everyday smoke. I tried a sixty gauge in this recently and I wasn't as fond as this gauge. Goes great with coffee or Makers Mark. Very consistent from cigar to cigar.
Brick House Fumas,4 out of 5,Built like a Brick House,These are pretty good everyday smokes. Just my opinion but I found some inconsistency in the burn and ash on a few of them that I did not see on the smaller gauge. Maybe being a sixty was the issue with that. I have smoked these in the smaller gauge and I was very pleased. Not against these but I will stick with the smaller gauge.
Brick House Fumas,4 out of 5,is a great cigar for,is a great cigar for the price
Brick House Fumas,5 out of 5,Nice lfavor,I've had luck with Brick House in the past and these Robustos did not disappoint. Nice flavor and nice burn.
Brick House Fumas,4 out of 5,Nice stick,Good cigar when on sale.
Brick House Fumas,4 out of 5,Good smoke I will continue,Good smoke I will continue to purchase them
Brick House Fumas,4 out of 5,The Brick Houses,"They are a mild cigar, burns well and even. Great value"
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,5 out of 5,Good smoke for the price!,Good smoke for the price! Have one every morning
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,4 out of 5,Great smoke for the money!,Great smoke for the money! Has a good start with a slow burn
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,5 out of 5,The Brick,Great smoke.
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great every day cigar,Great every day cigar
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,4 out of 5,A solid value,"This nice cigar is in my top seven for cigars ever smoked in this price range.
After two 20-‘gar bundles, I find very few are “challenging” to smoke. (... mainly from a tight bottleneck rolled in to it.)"
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,3 out of 5,"Not bad, but not very engaging either.","Not too bad, for the money, but the flavor just isn't as complex or as layered as the premium sticks. A one dimensional stick, for a great price."
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,4 out of 5,They’re a good everyday smoke.,They’re a good everyday smoke.
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great Value,Really nice cigar and for the money you can’t beat it
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,4 out of 5,Bought these as an inexpensive,Bought these as an inexpensive casual smoke. Arrived in good shape.
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great,"A great daily cigar, burn, draw, taste excellent !"
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,4 out of 5,good cigar for everyday smokes,good cigar for everyday smokes for the price
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great smoke,One of the smoothest mellow cigars I’ve had. Very nice from beginning to end. Will be buying more.
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,4 out of 5,Very solid stick,"I needed an inexpensive stick to share with others who aren't big cigar smokers, or to have as a chaser after a bolder smoke. This fit the bill very well. They are well constructed and the cap doesn't come off during smoking (I typically use a plug cutter and other caps tend to fall off after a while of smoking). The wrap is tight but not too tight, creating an easy draw. The flavor is mild and pleasant, as I was hoping for. Overall, great value on a very solid stick."
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,4 out of 5,my review,not bad at all; just not my ring size I'd prefer 60 ring; it is what I am used to buying.
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,5 out of 5,Excellent value,Good to smoke. And good to chew. Sorry for that very bad habit. . .
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,4 out of 5,Enjoyable,Easy smoke with a pleasant flavor. I liked the first order enough to place a second one.
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,3 out of 5,Hit and miss on how,Hit and miss on how tight and consistent the cigars are rolled.
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,4 out of 5,"Well made, not as good","Well made, not as good as some but not as bad as others"
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,5 out of 5,Very smooth and tasty,Very smooth and tasty
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great smoke.,What an excellent cigar. A real smooth tasting cigar and it will become my cigar of choice. The price was good.....
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,4 out of 5,Brick House Fumas,"Good cigar, but with a difficult draw!"
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,5 out of 5,Brick House Connecticut Fumas,"Very satisfied, good daily smoke, great flavor, mild. Good smoke with even burn, good draw. Will be ordering more of these."
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,3 out of 5,Very average,"I don't hate them or love them, they are ok. I wouldn't buy the CT again, I'd try the maduro. Flavor is too faint and the stick has a low draw so it makes it hard to taste. I'd get them if they were on sale to about 35 to 40 for the pack..."
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,5 out of 5,Awesome,Great cigar nice and smooth.
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,4 out of 5,"Burs good,nice smoke for the","Burs good,nice smoke for the money!"
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,3 out of 5,Good flavor but they draw,Good flavor but they draw about as well as a preschooler
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,3 out of 5,"Good news, bad news...","Good smoke that I've now purchased 3X, HOWEVER the labels on these things are so friggen tight and hard to get off that you're more likely to tear the wrapper than get the label off. Too bad because it's a decent smoke for the money, just not worth the wrestling match."
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,5 out of 5,Brick House Fumas,"Excellent ""every day"" stick and dealing with Cigars international has always been a pleasure"
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,5 out of 5,These are the deal!!!,"I usually never review products, but am making an exception here. Just rec'd a bundle of these Fumas Connecticut. Great construction, fine draw, medium body smoke. Why anyone would spend the $$ for the hundred dollar boxes vs these is beyond me!! This is the deal.
I also ordered the other Fumas....same cigar construction but stronger smoke. Another deal."
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Good Smoke!,"Nice size, cood construction and wonderful flavor. What else need be said?"
Brick House Fumas Maduro,4 out of 5,"Good mellow taste, consistent ash","Good mellow taste, consistent ash and burn, however I am sorry that I didn’t purchase a longer lasting Churchill!"
Brick House Fumas Maduro,4 out of 5,Great smoke,Never had these before but great draw and flavor
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,A great cigar!,A great cigar!
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"What a Brick House, full of flavor to the very end"
Brick House Fumas Maduro,4 out of 5,Very Smooth.,Very Smooth.
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,great cigars,great cigars
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Brickhouse Maduro,Smooth taste and burned even a real bargain
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Very good cigar for the,Very good cigar for the price was very happy
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Brick House Fumas Maduro Gordo are a great everyday cigar. Not too mild or full flavored. I will buy again.
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Very good cigar for everyday,"Very good cigar for everyday smoking
Will buy again
Jerry F"
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Good smoke for a good,Good smoke for a good price!
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,"Great taste, very smooth","Great taste, very smooth"
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Brick House Maduro,Great smoke - excellent price!
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Brick House Fumas Maduro Robusto,Brick House Maduro Robusto is a great smoke. The draw and taste is perfect. I always keep some Brick House in the Humidor!
Brick House Fumas Maduro,3 out of 5,A little uneven burn but,A little uneven burn but good taste and price
Brick House Fumas Maduro,3 out of 5,Not bad for the price,Not bad for the price
Brick House Fumas Maduro,4 out of 5,Good new discovery,"Decided to try them and glad I did. Good flavor and draw, right ring size, a little inconsistent on burn but overall good cigar and I would buy again"
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke. I call it,Great smoke. I call it my breakfast stick. Great with morning coffee
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Great everyday smoke!,Excellent everyday smoke!!! Even burn all the way through. Great flavor!! These will be the new staple in my humidor.
Brick House Fumas Maduro,4 out of 5,Very good smoke. Burns and,Very good smoke. Burns and draws well. Solid flavor.
Brick House Fumas Maduro,4 out of 5,4,nice smoke.. smooth
Brick House Fumas Maduro,3 out of 5,brick house,"Not bad, not mighty mites but a good everyday smoke"
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Looking Forward to More!,"Great cigar for the price! Fabulous flavor, easy to light, even burn and smooth throughout!"
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Cigar for the money!,Very pleased with this cigar. Great size and smokes well right out of the box. Can't wait for some humidor time!
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Update from 1st review,"Update to last post: after receiving shipment let these sit in the humidor for about 15 hours and lit another one up, much better. No unraveling, burned uneven at 1st then evened out about a 1/4 of the way in. Decent smoke from there on. Could taste all the flavors, not overpowering, nice medium smoke. If the rest are like this stick, good everyday smoke"
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Awesome,Very great taste and favorable you won’t be disappointed
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Yummy!,"This cigar has got what it takes!Great flavor,good construction,easy draw,and a very even burn.Combine all that with a great price,and you can't lose.I fired one up as soon as the bundle arrived and it was very good.After a few days in the humidor they were excellent.A great everyday maduro."
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Yummy!,"This cigar has got what it takes!Great flavor,good construction,easy draw,and a very even burn.Combine all that with a great price,and you can't lose.I fired one up as soon as the bundle arrived and it was very good.After a few days in the humidor they were excellent.A great everyday maduro."
Brick House Fumas Maduro,4 out of 5,thanks,love them
Brick House Fumas Maduro,3 out of 5,Some good some ehh,Out of the bundle I bought 1/3 were tight and hard to draw rather frustrating. 2/3 drew nice and had a earthy taste very enjoyable.
Brick House Fumas Maduro,4 out of 5,Pricey for a fuma,A little pricey for a fuma but its a great cigar. I use these as a back up for my everyday smoke to enjoy when relaxing.
Brick House Fumas Maduro,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Price point is spot on! Great flavor and draw on these fumas. I have and will continue to order these for my everyday smoke.
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,New Favorites!,"Love these babies! Officially became my favorite go-to cigar. Gonna stockpile a lot of these bad boys to enjoy when the light is right. If I could buy 20 cases, I would. Highly recommend."
Brick House Fumas Maduro,4 out of 5,Good tobacco. Construction variable -,Good tobacco. Construction variable - some don't smoke well due to soft spots.
Brick House Fumas Maduro,4 out of 5,Awesome smoke!,Awesome smoke!
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,great medium cigar,great medium cigar
Brick House Fumas Maduro,3 out of 5,Brick House Maduro Toro,Decent smoke for the money.
Brick House Fumas Maduro,4 out of 5,Not bad,"Bought these on sale. Good fermentation on the leaves good, flavor. They aren't the prettiest but a heck of an every day smoke for the money."
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Consistent quality,Never had a disappointing stick in three years smoking them.
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,stogies,great cigar
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Great value,Great taste and great burn. Highly recommended
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Brick House Fumas,Great Cigar!! Awesome flavor!
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,These cigars are one of the smoothest ever.,I love these cigars. I think they are one of the best value I have ever bought. I buy a lot of cigars. I do tend to buy more of one kind when I find a good one and I think I’ve found my new daily cigar.
Brick House Fumas Maduro,3 out of 5,Nice to try other brands,Nice to try other brands
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Smoke.,Excellent cigar. Smooth burn with great flavor.
Brick House Fumas Maduro,4 out of 5,John,Enjoying them. Great deal
Brick House Fumas Maduro,4 out of 5,Brick House,One burned funny on Sunday but it is only the second one I smoked so far. Good flavor and enjoyable.
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,"Great golf course cigar, smoked","Great golf course cigar, smoked great.dmt"
Brick House Fumas Maduro,4 out of 5,Brick House Maduro’s,Good smooth flavor from end to end.
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,Aaron’s review,This is definitely my new go to cigar. This is an absolutely top rate smoke.
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,The best,The best
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,Cigars were delivered on time.,Cigars were delivered on time.
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,Definitely one that’s worth a,Definitely one that’s worth a try..... then you’ll get a box . One of my favorites
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,Perfect,Great taste great cigar perfect buy
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,EXCELLENT MEDIUM-BODIED smoke for the price!!!,"great medium-bodied stoge. Great price point, burns even, nice earthy flavors, silky smooth wrapper.
Can't go wrong. Gonna buy a box soon!"
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,EXCELLENT MEDIUM-BODIED smoke for the price!!!,"one of my FAVORITE cigars!! Nice, smooth draw, stays lit, nice earthy palate. Would order a box in 💓"
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,Brick House Maduro,Great cigar with a smooth draw and rich taste.
Brick House Maduro,3 out of 5,okay,Had a rich tobacco taste. No interesting flavors to report on. Construction was very soft and light in the hand
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,👍,👍
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,Brick House Maduro,"Smooth,mellow. My new everyday smoke. Just purchased more."
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,"Awesome smoke ,one of my","Awesome smoke ,one of my favorite cigars and great price"
Brick House Maduro,4 out of 5,Good value.,Good value.
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar they were a,Great cigar they were a gift
Brick House Maduro,4 out of 5,"Good, simple smoke at the","Good, simple smoke at the right price."
Brick House Maduro,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good everyday cigar
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,brick house,very nice smokes
Brick House Maduro,4 out of 5,Good cigar,I liked the taste of this cigar. nice and smooth.
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,Love these smokes,Love these smokes
Brick House Maduro,3 out of 5,Avg cigars,Avg cigars
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,Mighty Mighty Good,"These Brickhouse Maduro’s I feel are the best smokes around. They feel good in your grip, firm, tight. Burns slow and even but best it’s Goodall the way to the end, not like some other large cigars. This Smoke should’ve rated a 97."
Brick House Maduro,4 out of 5,Nice,It's a smooth cigar will buy it again
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,Great taste,Like the taste of the Brickhouse all there cigars are top of the Line.
Brick House Maduro,4 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,Zoom,Great cigar for the price
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Brick House Maduro,4 out of 5,"Good cigar for the money,","Good cigar for the money, good draw. I enjoy brick house cigars."
Brick House Maduro,4 out of 5,Brick house,These were a little strong for me
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,Brick House Maduro,Always a nice cigar and a hearty smoke. Arrived fresh and in fine condition.
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,Great stick,Great stick
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,Brickhouse,"My husband loves this cigar, in fact I've all ready re-ordered them!"
Brick House Maduro,4 out of 5,Nice,I enjoy it nice smoke
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke,This is my favorite go to cigar.
Brick House Maduro,4 out of 5,Rich dense and delicious.,"I have smoked several of these as well as the Maduro Robusto size.
Nice smooth Brazilian wrapper is one of my favorite wrappers and always delivers great earthy taste along with mild spice.
Firm dense roll and perfect draw result in great volume of medium velvet smoke with a relatively even burn.
Does require some touch up and relights if neglected for a few minuets.
More of a medium body rather than a full body flavor profile but smooth through out, and had no bitterness even down to the last third of the burn. An excellent choice to enjoy with a rich Stout or a good Bourbon."
Brick House Maduro,4 out of 5,Nice draw and great finish.,Nice draw and great finish.
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,Brickhouse Maduro,"Excellent cigar, burns smooth and nice flavor."
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,Brick house maduro,Great stick!!
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent,A very good cigar full of flavor and well rolled
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,You cant go wrong,Consistent quality and a very enjoyable smoke.
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,Nice,Nice stick
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,Perfect every day,Great flavor just big enough to have on a drive to the airport but yet won't take up your day. Had to buys a box because they are my favorite all around for a good any time cigar.
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar,The Brick House Maduro in my opinion is one of the better smokes that I have had the pleasure to sample.
Brick House Maduro,2 out of 5,Uneven burn,Inconsistent they burn down the middle leaving the wrapper untouched
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.,"Such an awesome smoke. From Start to finish. Creamy mellow smoke melts so smoothly. The flavor is not too harsh but just right. Paired with a 15 yo Rum, was perfect."
Brick House Maduro,3 out of 5,Ok....,Ok....
Brick House Maduro,4 out of 5,Like the taste. After 4,Like the taste. After 4 I noticed that a burn hole below ash has lit
Brick House Maduro,4 out of 5,Solid,Solid
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,Brick house,"Nice burn start to finish
Well rounded flavor"
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,"Reliable, tasty smoke.","This is without question, my #1 golf course smoke. Plenty of flavor, girthy, and never seems to get dry. If it gets wet, you'll need a flamethrower to keep it going. They are very reliable and always a great smoke. I have recommended highly to several friends. If u like this, i also recommend MUWAT by Drew Estate."
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,BH,Smooth and nutty!!!
Brighton's Best,4 out of 5,Ordered because Vanilla was out,Ordered because Vanilla was out of stock. But enjoyed these and have ordered several times now.
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,How I figure these are,These are indeed similar to what might very well be the smoking of coffee beans
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,Good sweet flavored cigar,Good sweet flavored cigar. Vanilla is a really nice flavor that lasts to the end of the cigar. Looking forward to trying the chocolate flavor.
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,What it is that I presume,Burning one of these is almost literally smoking coffee beans
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,"Pleasant smoke, first time to","Pleasant smoke, first time to try"
Brighton's Best,4 out of 5,Pretty good,A nice coffee flavor mild and great with a mourning cup
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,Perfect short flavor smoke,Short smoke but a very good stick i will but again
Brighton's Best,4 out of 5,Like the taste,Like the taste
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,Amazing taste and very smooth
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"The tastiest cigar I’ve ever smoked,they don’t always burn evenly but still the tastiest I’ve ever smoked 2thumbs way up.👍👍"
Brighton's Best,4 out of 5,Brighton are one of the best,Brighton Bests chocolate flavored cigars have a rich sweet taste. The flavor stays with you for about 80 percent of the cigar but gets a little bitter at the end. Still an amazing flavored cigar.
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,Best,I have bought many boxes
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,"A Great Smoke,Probably My Favorite","A delicious cigar,great after dinner with coffee or after work with a Troegenator beer👍👍👍👍👍"
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,Great,Great cigars smooth draw and nice taste
Brighton's Best,4 out of 5,Good short smoke.,Nice cigar for those wanting a mild cigar for 30 minute outside activities.
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,Great bargain and relaxing smoke when you want a smooth stick.,Real smooth stick. Great buy for the money. Go's great with my morning coffee. It is a pretty good coffee flavor.
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,Delicious...,"I love these cigars. Perfect size, perfect flavor. Nice and relaxing..."
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,Very smooth and just the,Very smooth and just the right touch of vanilla flavor
Brighton's Best,4 out of 5,Easy smooth cigar,Easy smooth cigar
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,A nice smoke,A nice smoke
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,cherry cigars flavors,"this tipe of cigars, are ranked 4 * becouse the falverore its not like the greateasts bluberry and the terrific chocolate flavor i hope try watermelon other time but 4 star for this one now thank you fellas!!"
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,Brighton,The cigars are very smooth and the taste is appealing.
Brighton's Best,4 out of 5,Sweet !!!,Great taste and smell
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,Inexpensive flavored cigars,Tasty cheap flavored smokes
Brighton's Best,3 out of 5,not bad good price,not bad good price
Brighton's Best,4 out of 5,Easy draw. Nice soft chocolate,Easy draw. Nice soft chocolate flavor. Construction is the only flaw.
Brighton's Best,3 out of 5,Brighton Best,"Short cigar, OK taste, slightly hard to draw. Didn’t expect much for the price"
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,Brighton cigars,Shipped quickly and great value thx
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,First time,I have never tried coffee infused cigars-what a great surprise-really good!
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,good,good
Brighton's Best,4 out of 5,Cigar nut,Out of the box you can smell the vanilla. The flavor goes away fast when you light it. It ok for a quick smoke when it's cold.
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,The Best Cigars,Burn great awesome smell good price very satisfied
Brighton's Best,4 out of 5,Nice tasting cigar...Perfect size...Can't beat,Nice tasting cigar...Perfect size...Can't beat the price either...
Brighton's Best,4 out of 5,Just ok,The flavor smells good right out of the wrapper but it is gone after a few puffs. Good for the price for a quick smoke in the winter when you don't have long to smoke outside and not worried about smoking the whole thing and wasting it.
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,Great!!,Great!!
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,Great price,Good short aromatic sweet cigar for the money.
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,Arrived quickly and are smooth,Arrived quickly and are smooth and amazing
Brighton's Best,3 out of 5,Good Sticks,"Bought these for my wife . She is a Drew Estate fan ( Blondie ) . She wanted some thing a little less expensive . We got these , and they are just ok for a change . Good for a quick cocktail , or cup o joe ..."
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,Brighton Churchill Cherry,Brighton Churchill Cherry
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,Taste and smell,The taste and smell were both impeccable despite the smell being on the mild side
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,Love this baby,"What a surprise, my wife loves them. I tried it and it's a good mellow cigar that burns well. Don't raise the price"
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,Short smoke,"I like flavored cigars. This is a sweet cigar and I love it. This is the coffee flavor. I just ordered the chocolate flavor. Well made and burns even.
I may order the larger sizes too."
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,terrific cigars prices delicious flavors,"terrific cigars prices delicious flavors when you feeling in you mauth inigualable flavor of them deam, such amazing & best cigars two thump way up of the invantors making & company workers associates tabacco industry"
Brighton's Best,4 out of 5,Brighton's Best Robusto -- Vanilla,Smooth. Nice burn. Slight vanilla taste that's just right.
Brighton's Best,3 out of 5,Reliable,"These machine mades are inexpensive, are reliable and consistent in taste, draw and burn! A lot more than I can say about many of the handmades in the catalog."
Brighton's Best,3 out of 5,Taste,"Taste doesn't last very long, but they seem to burn good"
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,Nice and mild.,Sweet and refreshing
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,Brighton’s Best,"Bought A box of the coffee and the chocolate. Burns well,the aroma pleasing to my wife and shared them with my golf foursome.
Smooth and mellow even when one of the guys forgot to take off the cigar ring!"
Brighton's Best,3 out of 5,Brighton cigars,Not bad for a machine made cigar
Brighton's Best,3 out of 5,Good smoke for the money,Good for a quick smoke at a small price
Brioso Bundles,5 out of 5,I enjoy these cigars on,I enjoy these cigars on the weekend when working around the cottage...
Brioso Bundles,5 out of 5,My new fishing choice,Great draw. Pleasantly surprised. Good flavor. Will be my new go to for fishing.Great construction and burn.
Brioso Bundles,5 out of 5,My new fishing choice,Great draw. Pleasantly surprised. Good flavor. Will be my new go to for fishing.Great construction and burn.
Brioso Bundles,5 out of 5,Awesomeness,Fantastic smoke and fantastic price. Truly a great work smoke or anytime.
Brioso Bundles,4 out of 5,Good cigar for the price.,Good cigar for the price.
Brioso Bundles,4 out of 5,Brioso,Great bargain
Brioso Bundles,5 out of 5,Brioso,Excellent smooth smoke
Brioso Bundles,5 out of 5,My favorite cigar,My favorite cigar
Brioso Bundles,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Everything everyone else said except the guy who said they were stale. He needs to make sure his humidifier is working.
Brioso Bundles,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Brioso Bundles,3 out of 5,okay cigar,"Not a lot of flavor, but what is there is okay. decent construction. burn has been okay for a budget cigar. try it, buy it, I did!"
Brioso Bundles,4 out of 5,"Great smoke, enjoyed them a","Great smoke, enjoyed them a lot..."
Brioso Bundles,5 out of 5,Brioso Maduro Gigante,"Been awhile since trying these but they are still a satisfying I'd say daily go to cigar. A medium not very complex blend but quite flavorful. A mouthful of cool tasty smoke for the palate, easy draw, and no problem burn."
Brioso Bundles,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Great taste and draw. Loved it
Brioso Bundles,3 out of 5,Little on the dry side,Had them with some friends and we all agreed they were a little on the Stale side.
Brocatus,5 out of 5,Go to,Always dependable
Brocatus,5 out of 5,Burns well. Draws well. Mild.,Burns well. Draws well. Mild. Great price.
Brocatus,4 out of 5,Brocatus Robusto,A GOOD SMOKE
Brocatus,3 out of 5,Some burn better than others.,Some burn better than others.
Brocatus,4 out of 5,"""",Unbelievable Smokes. Price very affordable.
Brocatus,5 out of 5,Best smokes,Among your lower price cigars these are the best ones money can buy.
Brocatus,5 out of 5,One of the great cigars,One of the great cigars of smoke mail
Brocatus,5 out of 5,Good cigar,Very good cigar have enjoyed them very much
Brocatus,4 out of 5,I was surprised. This was,I was surprised. This was a really good cigar and a really good price. I’ll order these again.
Brocatus,5 out of 5,good concrete cigar,this is a good one!
Brocatus,5 out of 5,good concrete cigar!,great one!
Brocatus,4 out of 5,Good Value,Pretty good cigar for the money
Brocatus,4 out of 5,Brocatus Churdhill,"My late evening smoke with a glass of bourbon , nice way to end a day ."
Brocatus,4 out of 5,Brocatus Robusto,"Nice, even burning and a perfect early afternoon smoke"
Brocatus,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Brocatus,4 out of 5,Good cigar for the price.,"I am by no means a connoisseur, but I find the Brocatus in any configuration to be a flavorful smoke without the harshness of other lower priced cigars. There is the occasional too loose or too tight a roll, but overall the quality is acceptable."
Brocatus,5 out of 5,"A very good cigar, smooth","A very good cigar, smooth draw& mild, no bitter aftertaste."
Brocatus,4 out of 5,wS,Great cigar. Draws good burns great this is my second box expecting to buy morr
Brocatus,5 out of 5,Good smoke,"Nice taste, no bite, enjoyed on the lawnmower"
Brocatus,4 out of 5,Nice Robusto,"Strong build, flavorful and a nice aroma"
Brocatus,4 out of 5,An honest cigar.,"You're never going to confuse it with a Macanudo, but, at this price, you can't beat it. Perfect for dog walking or any other activity where you don't want to smoke an expensive cigar. It is a true bargain. Mild flavor with long filler. I have spent more and gotten far less. My daily smoker for dog walks and ramblings outside."
Brocatus,5 out of 5,Low $,"I know people use this cliché all the time, “ a good cigar for the money “ and it is."
Brocatus,5 out of 5,All around great stick!,"Great Stick, love them, burned two last evening while working. Perfect burn, awesome flavor, long burn time, I got 2.25 hrs. from each both outstanding!!! Recommend for anytime smoke am or pm, love them ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️"
Brocatus,4 out of 5,Brocatus Robusto,"This was my first order and taste trial of this cigar. I enjoy a mild smoke in a 5 by 50 size when on the golf course. I enjoyed the taste, the smooth even burn and consistency of the cigar through the entire length. I also ask my golf buds their opinion of the aroma and it received favorable comments. For the price and quality it meets my expectations. Will purchase again."
Brocatus,4 out of 5,Hate the shipping charges.,Hate the shipping charges.
Brocatus,4 out of 5,Real good Cigar,Great everyday Cigars love them for the price
Brocatus,4 out of 5,Good stuff!,Very well rounded taste.
Brocatus,5 out of 5,Light and nice,Extremely nice and pleasant smoke. Flavor is nice and light cedar. Excellent for a day on the water or even a relaxing day at the pool. 10/10 would recommend for a nice inexpensive smoke.
Brocatus,4 out of 5,Good buy,Solid cheap cigar —-even burn —slightly over mild —-great bargain cigar
Brocatus,5 out of 5,"Want a relaxing cigar, try Brocatus","Totally enjoy the Brocatus Robusto cigar, mild with a great flavor, been purchasing this brand for a while now, I suggest you try it too."
Brocatus,4 out of 5,They were better.,They were better.
Brocatus,4 out of 5,Decent Churchill Smoke,"Fine smoke, I find Quorum Shade Churchills a better option myself, but this is a decent smoke."
Brocatus,3 out of 5,Good everyday smoke,A good choice for an inexpensive everyday smoke. Not much depth but a decent taste and burn. A good smoke for working in the yard pr when you do not have enough time to fully enjoy an expensive stick
Brocatus,5 out of 5,Smooth,Very nice and smooth
Brocatus,5 out of 5,Great smokes for a low cost,These cigars burn so good. They are consistently great. I buy these over and over
Brocatus,3 out of 5,Good,Good taste burn fine would buy again
Brocatus,5 out of 5,Brocatus robustt,Excellent smoke
Brocatus,4 out of 5,Great smoke,This is not the first time I tried these. A great value.
Brocatus,4 out of 5,A Happy Discovery!,I hesitated at first. Then decided to take a chance. Very happy that I did. A very enjoyable smoke. Would buy again.
Brocatus,3 out of 5,Not bad,Not bad
Brocatus,4 out of 5,Great price for a good,Great price for a good cigar
Brocatus,4 out of 5,Good buy,Good cigar I will buy again
Brocatus,5 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
Brocatus,3 out of 5,Ok,You are what your rating says you are!
Brocatus,5 out of 5,brocatus,I think eliminating the two-fer was just an excuse to raise the price.
Brocatus,5 out of 5,a great cigar,a great cigar
Brocatus,4 out of 5,"Smooth flavor throughout, even burn,","Smooth flavor throughout, even burn, great price."
Brocatus,5 out of 5,Great Value,For the price I don't think you can beat these cigars. They have a good taste to them. I think I've had a couple that have burned unevenly but that's the only negative thing I have found with them. I plan on buying more.
Brocatus,5 out of 5,"Great cigar, amazing service from Cigars International!!!",Thanks for the great service
Brocatus,5 out of 5,As good as it gets for the money.,"Nice even draw, solid wrapping, most burn evenly. Good value."
Brocatus Anejo,4 out of 5,Great cigar for the price,Great cigar for the price
Brocatus Anejo,4 out of 5,Cuz I'm great smoke however,Cuz I'm great smoke however get smoked too fast
Brocatus Anejo,5 out of 5,Brocatus does it again,"I have been buying the original brocatus for years and they are always consistent in quality and flavor. It's one of the better bargain brands. This new anejo is stronger than the original. It is medium to full bodied with prominent black pepper notes. It is similar to the original man o war cigar in flavor. If your looking for a stronger cigar at a good price, this is it."
Brocatus Anejo,4 out of 5,Fantastic!,"The first scents I noticed when I unwrapped one drew me towards spice, rich elegant leather with hints of chocolate paired with black pepper. The draw was fantastic, stayed that way until the end and I could hardly wait to light up another. Even paired well with a 15 year single malt and I will be buying several more boxes."
Buffalo TEN,5 out of 5,You cant bet it for the price!,"For the price, this was an amazing cigar. Very flavorful with hints of spice and chocolate. I have purchased cigars that cost twice this price and were terrible. I am a Padron 1964 Anniversary smoker, but this cigar is a great substitute for an everyday smoke. The only negative I can say is it doesnt always burn super even, but usually corrects itself."
Bugatti Ambassador,5 out of 5,Smooth!!!,Very smooth with a good aroma.
Bugatti Ambassador,5 out of 5,A true ultra-premium!,"Outstandingly consistent, flavorful medium body cigar. Slow to burn with lots of smoke. Quite enjoyable!"
Bugatti Ambassador,5 out of 5,Great cigars,Great cigars
Bugatti Ambassador,2 out of 5,bugatti needs a tune-up,"bought a box of these and i must say they did not meet my expectations at all. they were not not the worst cigars i have smoked,but find that they were loose in their costruction asd burned unevenly snf tended to have a loose ash that ""flowered"" at the end ; rather looke a bit like an exploded cigar from a three stooges skit. they had a rather nice buzz factor for a medium strength cigar that i tend to like in a cigar that i smoke, but this was not enough to make up for all the other short-comings. the box and presentation is awesome and if one could smoke the attractive box it likely would be the best cigar on the face of the earth. the namesake makes one think that these are high-end. however, if the the motourcar had all the failings of this cigar, it it would be on the back of a tow truck all the time. i recommend to stick with your favourites and not spend your money on this highly-touted cigar; better to drive a lesser brand that gets you from point A to B than to have something that is showy but falls short on delivering the performance and fails to get started started at all."
Bugatti Medio,5 out of 5,Very pleased,"I got these cigars on one of the promotions , I was pleasantly surprised , I will definitely put these sticks in my rotation."
Bugatti Medio,3 out of 5,I found the wrap to,I found the wrap to be a little bland and the cigar to be a mild rather than a medium. Good burn and a GREAT cigar for the price which I got them for.
Bugatti Medio,4 out of 5,Very Nice Smoke,"When I first received the cigars I lit one up. It was mediocre and had a hard draw. So I threw them in the humidor and hoped for the best. Just finished smoking one a month later,and I'm really impressed. Just a great mild smoke that came to life. Will be buying more."
Bugatti Medio,4 out of 5,Bugatti 5 pack,"Very good smoke! Good draw, good construction, medium to full flavor!"
Bugatti Medio,5 out of 5,Great smoke! Great price!,"I was a big skeptical at first. I tore into the package the day I got them in the mail and lit one up. Hmm. Not great. I thought I had become victim to the ""cheap smoke"" again. But 2 weeks later, after being in the humi, Wow! Are these the same sticks I put in there? Great flavor. Balanced spice with that earthy leather fullness that is so pleasing. Not to mention that there is just that faint bit of sweet undertone starting about a half inch in. Very enjoyable. Very recommended."
Bugatti Medio,4 out of 5,Bugati Cigar Review,"Very good smoke! Medium to full flavor, good construction, even burn."
Bugatti Medio,4 out of 5,Really good,"I’m gonna try them again 1 day soon.
Luke"
Bugatti Medio,4 out of 5,Good Cigar,"Purchased these because of an amazing special they had going and honestly wasn’t expecting much. Jokes on me, definitely some nice quality cigars with great flavor. Wish I had gotten more of them. Highly recommend."
Bugatti Medio,3 out of 5,Okay smole,I found this cigar to have a very slow draw
Bugatti Medio,4 out of 5,Good taste,Smooth and taste good
Bugatti Medio,3 out of 5,nice cigar,"nice cigar,nice smoke. the only draw back had to touchup a couple of tjmes"
Bugatti Medio,5 out of 5,Smooth,Great smoke Great burn. Will buy again
Bugatti Medio,5 out of 5,Smooth burns nice even,Smooth burns nice even
Bugatti Medio,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,This was a pleasent experience. Great cigar to try at a bargain price!
Bugatti Medio,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,Great smoke!
Bugatti Medio,4 out of 5,Nice Everyday smoker,Its a pretty tasty everyday stick if you choose to smoke daily. I enjoyed it for the low cost. Would recommend.
Bugatti Medio,5 out of 5,good value,good value
Bugatti Medio,4 out of 5,Solid,"As the title implies. Solod, but not special in any way. Well made, easy draw after punch. Worth a few bucks a stick."
Bugatti Medio,4 out of 5,BUGATTI MEDIO ROBUSTO,"I found half were hard to light and keep lit. Took a hard draw to keep them lit.
However, I took a tooth pick and inserted it in the end I put in my mouth as far
as I could. And now the draw was easy and the cigar was enjoyable.
Bill"
Bugatti Medio,4 out of 5,A little stronger than advertised,The cigar started out strong but shortly in smoothed out to a medium body smoke. I'm going to let the rest relax in my humidor. I enjoyed the one I smoked and would buy again at the right price.
Bugatti Medio,3 out of 5,Not bad at all,"This cigar was pretty good, and for the price there are no complaints.
Thank you"
Bugatti Medio,4 out of 5,Bugatti Good,"Recently purchased five Bugatti Medio Robusto, They were better that I was told. Long easy even burn and great flavor."
Bugatti Medio,4 out of 5,Easy smoke,"General all around good cigar, definitely not disappointed with purchase."
Bugatti Medio,4 out of 5,Not a bad stick...,Surprisingly a good puffer. Nice taste and draw.
Bugatti Medio,2 out of 5,Decent little smoke,Decent little smoke
Bugatti Medio,5 out of 5,Bugatti media noch,"Very nice medium smoke to me, thoroughly enjoyed it!"
Bugatti Medio,5 out of 5,Bugatti,Good smoke
Bugatti Medio,3 out of 5,Decent smoke,Great buy for the price.
Bugatti Medio,3 out of 5,Not bad,1 our 5 plugged other than that their not to bad. Nothing fancy.
Bugatti Medio,4 out of 5,Decent Smoke,I got the Bugatti in a five 5 pack special they offered. Excellent smoke excellent pull excellent taste. Decent smoke for an everyday smoke.
Bugatti Medio,4 out of 5,Nice smoke very mellow,Nice Smoke
Bugatti Medio,2 out of 5,"Full flavor, tight draw","Full flavored, but not necessarily in a good way. Acrid and dry, when the tight draw allows for a decent taste."
Bugatti Medio,5 out of 5,Great buy,Good cigar for the price.
Bugatti Medio,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Enjoyed this cigar. Smooth draw.
Bugatti Medio,5 out of 5,Nice smoke,"A great smoke. When I saw 5 for a dollar, I of course figured these would be awful. Far from it. Looking forward to smoking these again."
Bugatti Medio,3 out of 5,A little bite a decent,A little bite a decent cigar
Bugatti Medio,3 out of 5,Bugatti,Fair
Bugatti Medio,5 out of 5,Bugatti Medio,"I thought since they were so cheap that it was going to be a bad smoke. I was definitely mistaken. It had a nice burn, great draw and the flavor wasn’t half bad. It wasn’t excellent but definitely a repeat smoke"
Bugatti Medio,5 out of 5,yummy,nice smoking cigar
Bugatti Medio,4 out of 5,Not Bad,"Good construction, great price"
Bugatti Medio,5 out of 5,Good and strong,This was a good cigar
Bugatti Medio,3 out of 5,Nice clean and even burn...Will,Nice clean and even burn...Will put in humidor to age a little....not a bad stick.
Bugatti Medio,5 out of 5,A good smoke,It was a very full taste and good till the end.
Bugatti Medio,3 out of 5,Bugatti,Bugatti
Bugatti Medio,4 out of 5,Outstanding,I receive 5 for a discount price and it would have first time I ever had them they burn good smell good overall a good smoke
Bugatti Medio,5 out of 5,Bugatti medio,Excellent cigars and service!
Bugatti Medio,4 out of 5,Good medium bodied cigar!,Good medium bodied cigar!
Bugatti Medio,3 out of 5,Good everyday stick,Good everyday stick
Bugatti Medio,4 out of 5,Burning Bugatti,This stick is surprisingly good. Nice & even burn. Smooth on the palate & easy on the pocket! Definitely recommend.
Bugatti Medio,3 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Bugatti Potere,3 out of 5,Bold Flavor but leaves more to be expected,I've enjoyed these cigars as a quick smoke with bold flavor. It does leave a little bit to be expected but is a good bargain.
Bugatti Potere,4 out of 5,A good drive,Although not my favorite Bugatti this is a good smoke . A little on the stronger side from the Ambassador you should enjoy this cigar. I usually smoke it in my BMW 128i with the top down which seems to let it taste better
Bugatti Potere,4 out of 5,A real nice ride at Chevy prices,The podere is the mildest of the 3 cigars offered. I liked them all but this was my favorite. Price makes it a great value as well. I wish I had a Bugatti with top down to smoke it in but I'm afraid my BMW 128i will have to do
Bugatti Potere,5 out of 5,"Great cigar. Smokes smoothly, stays","Great cigar. Smokes smoothly, stays lite has a nice aroma."
Bugatti Potere,5 out of 5,Enjoyed the mellow taste and,Enjoyed the mellow taste and flavor. Had a nice even burn .would purchase again
Bugatti Potere,5 out of 5,Smooth taste,I was surprisingly pleased by the smooth taste.
Bugatti Potere,5 out of 5,TASTE GOOD & I like,TASTE GOOD & I like the size.
Bugatti Potere,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
Bugatti Potere,4 out of 5,Solid Cigar,The cigar had very body and a perfect burn. The only downside was the band adhesive was also on the cigar causing part of the wrapper to pull loose.
Bugatti Potere,5 out of 5,GREAT CIGAR,Nice cigar for the everyday smoker
Bugatti Potere,5 out of 5,Chill’n,A nice evening smoke for the price. I paired it with a peated smokey scotch.
Bugatti Potere,3 out of 5,Puff was OK at best,Not a great puff. Couldn't pull good flavor out of the cigar. Wish I would not have bought a box. Will give these to others to enjoy. A good share with others cigar.
Bugatti Potere,5 out of 5,Bugatti cigars,"At present the cigars will be in my large humidore, but I have smoked Bugatti before and found them to be an excellent cigar at a great price and could not resist ordering them again"
Bugatti Potere,4 out of 5,Good cigar for the money,"This cigar is stronger than you think. It should be listed as a medium-strong. That said it has decent peppery flavor, consistent draw and a strong finish. A couple were hard to keep lit. The friends I shared with all thought it was a decent smoke."
Bugatti Potere,2 out of 5,Never again,They are a somewhat harsh with inconsistent draw. I had to throw several away because of hard spots in the middle that could not be softened for a good draw.
Bugatti Potere,4 out of 5,They were great for the,They were great for the price.. would love to buy them again if the price is right..
Bugatti Potere,3 out of 5,Very even smoking cigar,Very even smoking cigar
Bugatti Potere,4 out of 5,"Winner,winner...chicken dinner!","Got these on sale, and they are some tasty morsels...plus no burn issues!"
Bugatti Potere,4 out of 5,A few did not have,"A few did not have very good draw!!!
Other than that I will get them again."
Bugatti Potere,4 out of 5,Bugatti,I think this is an attempt to use a famous name to promote a mediocre product.
Bugatti Potere,4 out of 5,Nice,Good mild daily smoke...
Bugatti Potere,5 out of 5,The best cigar I’ve had in years.,"Absolutely perfect, smooth draw and every cigar is the same. I’m ordering more of them."
Bugatti Potere,3 out of 5,My only issue with the,My only issue with the cigar was the glue that was used on the wrapper on some remained once the wrapper was removed and turned the taste and smell to burning plastic.
Bugatti Potere,3 out of 5,Bugatti sticks,Expected better but not terribly disappointed at the price point.
Bugatti Potere,3 out of 5,Some are and others not,"I feel that the quality control is very hot or miss with these cigars. Some draw well and others a horrible. When they don't draw well, the flavor is off and I just throw them away. I am pretty disappointed with my purchase."
Bugatti Potere,5 out of 5,Bugatti,"Smooth smoke, even burn would buy again"
Bugatti Potere,4 out of 5,good cigar reasonable price,"I had my tester buddy try a Bugatti he agreed with me very good cigar.
I paid a reasonable price as well"
Bugatti Potere,1 out of 5,"Too earthy, grassy.","Too earthy, grassy."
Bugatti Potere,3 out of 5,Decent cigar,First buying a box. Most were ok especially in the morning with coffee. Flavor draw and burn were average. Probably will it buy again.
Bugatti Potere,5 out of 5,Bugatti,Excellent every day smoke. Smooth mild flavor. Would definitely buy again.
Bugatti Potere,4 out of 5,very good,very good
Bugatti Potere,3 out of 5,So so,Doesn’t burn even..
Bugatti Potere,2 out of 5,Bad Choice,"I was very disappointed with these cigars. Vary hard draw and an uneven burn.
I will never buy them again."
Bugatti Potere,2 out of 5,Not very good at all,Not very good. Very tough draw. Not much flavor. Nothing really good to say about these. Very disappointing.
Bugatti Potere,1 out of 5,boo gatti,not even a good every day cigar they should have charged for the free % pack and given away the box will never buy again
Bugatti Potere,4 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth
Bugatti Potere,5 out of 5,A well made and well priced smoke,A very tasty yet mild smoke. Lovely !
Bugatti Potere,5 out of 5,BUGATTI-THE CIGAR,"I got them on special. Bugatti Potere Churchill. Been smoking cigars over 50 years, looking for MY cigar, mild with a really nice taste that I could afford. I FOUND it after all these years. but my funds are limited. so I'll watch for specials. If you're looking for what I was try it."
Bugatti Quattro Claro,4 out of 5,Bugatti Quattro Claro Toro,"Four stars... Full flavor , medium strength with notes of bitter-sweet chocolate and mild damp earth.The burn was a bit wonky and uneven reaching just before the half-way mark and the smoke output could have been more but all and all an excellent cigar."
Bugatti Quattro Claro,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Bugatti Scuro,4 out of 5,Love it.,Very nice smoke. Good draw. Great flavor. Fantastic aroma.
Bugatti Scuro,5 out of 5,Bugatti is great.,"Great cigar just did not realize how small it was going to be. Full of flavor,easy draw."
Bugatti Scuro,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,Excellent smoke
Bugatti Scuro,5 out of 5,Nice,Great smoke
Bugatti Scuro,5 out of 5,Fell in love with these strong cigars at 1st light.,"These cigars are a keeper for those of the dark wrapper. Burns evenly and is good for after a meal. Try a 5 pack if you like to try competing cigars like this. This Bugatti for me is a go to for the mudoro cigars. This one will keep you coming back for more. ""Light em up!"""
Bugatti Scuro,5 out of 5,"Very smooth draw, great aroma,","Very smooth draw, great aroma, nice tast."
Bugatti Scuro,5 out of 5,Great smoke for the price!,Very happy with this purchase.
Bugatti Scuro,5 out of 5,Cooler than the other side of the pillow,This a very smooth smoke I usually share a smoke with my mailman this time I didn't I gave him a pretty good cigar just not the Bugatti
Bugatti Scuro,4 out of 5,Quality smoke,I was pleasantly surprised! This is not a novelty cigar.
Bugatti Scuro,3 out of 5,Drew Estates,"There sitting in my Humidor, waiting for them to get Happy. Every box of cigars I purchase will always end up in the humidor. When they've been in there long enough, than I'll post a review of a cigar"
Bugatti Scuro,5 out of 5,Nice,The Bugatti Scuro is very similar to a Drew Estate Undercrown for less money.
Bugatti Scuro,5 out of 5,One of the best cigars,"One of the best cigars I've bought at CI
On promo it's a great value
Great draw,fine burn,can smoke down to the nub without getting hot or losing flavor
Bugatti is one of my go to cigars
Please send a complimentary pack"
Bugatti Scuro,4 out of 5,Tasty little sucker,I was surprised that it would taste that giid. I gave a couple of co-workers one.
Bugatti Scuro,5 out of 5,Bugatti,"Nice cigar, Great price"
Bugatti Scuro,5 out of 5,Bugatti oscuro,"Good deal on a good cigar with a solid draw that burns nice and even, not to mention an awesome taste"
Bugatti Scuro,5 out of 5,GOOD CIGAR GREAT DEAL,GOOD CIGAR GREAT DEAL
Bugatti Scuro,4 out of 5,Short on size but not on flavor...,"My favorite cigar is a Churchill. But every now and then I like a smaller cigar; and while this Robusto is smaller in size , it measures up in flavor."
Bugatti Scuro,4 out of 5,Not bad,"Not a bad cigar for the price, I bought a box of them and most had decent Construction. Had a toasty chocolate taste throughout, with some coffee and wood notes. Medium body."
Bugatti Scuro,4 out of 5,Bugatti Scuro,"The cigar had a chocolate caramel flavor.
Had problems keeping it lit.
I smoked it out of the package.
I will allow a few more weeks in the humidifier,
Good initial smoke"
Bugatti Scuro,4 out of 5,Bugatti Scuro Robusto,A decent stick at a decent price. I'd buy them again when they're on sale.
Bugatti Scuro,5 out of 5,I love them nice even,I love them nice even burn great taste from start to finish
Bugatti Scuro,4 out of 5,Decent smoke for the money,Decent smoke for the money
Bugatti Scuro,3 out of 5,Bugatti,More like a Chevy
Bugatti Scuro,4 out of 5,Very good cigar Enjoy the,"Very good cigar
Enjoy the cigar
Will buy again"
Bugatti Scuro,5 out of 5,Pleased with these,I'm really grooving on these Bugattis. Very flavorful full-bodied smoke. Chocolatey goodness. The box they came in is a beautiful bonus. Will buy again.
Bugatti Scuro,5 out of 5,Bugatti,"This cigar surprised me!!
A buddy of mine gave me one and I bad it on the back porch and was really amazed! Liked it so much I bought a box the same day!!!!!"
Bugatti Scuro,5 out of 5,Pure garbage!!!!! They need to,Pure garbage!!!!! They need to change the name to “Bu-Got’em”….
Bugatti Scuro,4 out of 5,BUGATTI SCURO TORO,"OPEN THE BOX NICE SCENT, WHEN SMOKE HAD A GOOD TASTE, HOWEVER IT SEEMS ITS MISSING SOMTHING, IM KEEP WAITING FOR IT TO GET BETTER,"
Bugatti Scuro,5 out of 5,Enjoy,Great cigar
Bugatti Scuro,5 out of 5,Nice smooth full body cigar,Nice smooth full body cigar I’m glad I try it.
Bugatti Scuro,4 out of 5,Bugati,Good strong reasonably priced smoke
Bugatti Scuro,4 out of 5,Good Smoke,Overall it is a good smoke for the value
Bugatti Scuro,4 out of 5,"Gordon E. - Wichita Falls, TX","This is one of the better cigars I've smoked in a long time. I was pleasantly surprised with the quality of the cigars, especially at the price. You sent me a box of 20 for under $50.00 including postage. If you have the same deal, I'd buy another box."
Bugatti Scuro,3 out of 5,Good construction just not a lot of flavor,These are really good for the money. Burn and construction was great just not a lot of flavor.
Bugatti Scuro,5 out of 5,A cigar befitting th name,"Great roll, great draw, even burn, good ash, mellow flavor that belies its power. Great cigar."
Bugatti Scuro,5 out of 5,One hell of a great cigar they've taken the number one spot in my listing,I have found a new number one for my tasty relaxing cigar and that's the Bugatti definitely will buy again multiple times over
Bugatti Scuro,5 out of 5,Take a walk on the dark side,"I absolutely love dark wrapped cigars. The smell, the tase. With a bonus 5, great deal."
Bugatti Scuro,4 out of 5,OK SMOKE,A LITTLE ON THE SPICY SIDE
Bugatti Scuro,3 out of 5,Decent cigar,No overwhelming flavors but a good stick for the price. They do burn good
Bugatti Scuro,4 out of 5,great smoke,great smoke
Bugatti Scuro,4 out of 5,Bugatti,Nice smoke. Good flavor.
Bugatti Scuro,4 out of 5,Bugatti Scuro Toro,"Good even draw, great looking construction and smoke."
Bugatti Scuro,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Bugatti Scuro,5 out of 5,Son Buenos voy a comprar,Son Buenos voy a comprar de nuevo
Bugatti Scuro,5 out of 5,Bugatti Rules,Excellent smoke - medium + and great with afternoon coffee.
Bugatti Scuro,3 out of 5,Bugatti,"I personally liked the Maduro best out of the 3 that they offer !
I would buy them again as long as they’re on sale"
Bugatti Scuro,4 out of 5,Butgatti,Nice cigar good smoke and smell for the price wrapper is on the thin side and burns uneven in the beginning
Bugatti Scuro,5 out of 5,Very tasty,Very tasty
Bugatti Scuro,4 out of 5,kind smoke,"Was not sure when I purchased what I bought. Certainly a good surprise. A week in my humidor
and they smoke excellant, burn has been perfect to. Flavor 5*****"
Bugatti Scuro,3 out of 5,Nice stick,"good smoke for the price. Not overly flavorful, but good for golf course or party when sharing may come into the equation."
Bugatti Signature,1 out of 5,Disappointed,"I bought the five pack to treat myself. What can I say? Only one cigar was perfect at this kind of money. The taste was not consistent, draw was dismal, and burn uneven. I wish there could be a second chance-ain't happening with my money."
Cabaiguan by Tatuaje,4 out of 5,Great mild smoke,Great mild smoke
Cabaiguan by Tatuaje,5 out of 5,One of my all time,"One of my all time favorites. Rich, smooth smoke. Cigar burns beautiful Pleasant after taste. I rate this a 10/10 for my taste"
Cabaiguan by Tatuaje,5 out of 5,Excellent,"Not a big fan of light wrappers, but this cigar is unbelievable.
The Nicaraguan filler gives it body without it becoming overpowering, and I find myself smoking them until I can't hold them any longer.
I taste nuts, with some pepper, and no bitterness whatsoever.
If you're a maduro man like me, and want a change of pace, give this cigar a try."
Cabaiguan by Tatuaje,5 out of 5,Outstanding,"I'm a maduro guy, but this cigar is outstanding.
My only regret is that I didn't buy more, but I'll rectify that soon enough.
Expensive, but worth it."
Cabaiguan by Tatuaje,5 out of 5,Awesome mild smoke,"Not a mild cigar fan by any stretch. Tried one at one of my local shops on a day when I craved a mild smoke, and I'm very impressed with the smoothness of this smoke.
It has enough flavor to let you know that it is a serious cigar, but it's smooth to the point of making it an effortless, thoroughly enjoyable smoke.
If you're a maduro man like me, and you feel like you want to change it up, I highly recommend trying one.
Nutty flavor that gets richer as it burns down. You won't want it to end."
Cabaiguan by Tatuaje,5 out of 5,Gread mild to medium smoke,"I think I really disagree with the other reviewers on the appearance of this cigar. To me it felt flawless; smooth, a bit of a shine of oil, very little veins. First draw brought a bit of cocoa, light spice and a good taste of wood. The second half is really where this guy shines. The flavors really come together and gave just a little more flavor to really satisfy a smoker with a taste for mild. I do agree for those that like a more full bodied smoke this isn't for you. But as a mild smoke goes, it's one of the best smokes I've had."
Cabaiguan Guapos by Tatuaje,5 out of 5,One of my all time,"One of my all time favorites. Rich, smooth smoke. Cigar burns beautiful Pleasant after taste. I rate this a 10/10 for my taste"
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,5 out of 5,Cafe Creme,Excellent small cigars.
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,3 out of 5,I'm still sampling different cigarillos,"It was worth trying them. I prefer a longer, larger cigarillo as it turns out. More like a cigarette, not really for me. I've found better values on CI, that I am buying now."
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,5 out of 5,Cafe Creme,The Cafe Creme is an excellent taste and the delivery service was great
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,4 out of 5,Cafe Creme,Smooth little smokes. I enjoyed them.
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,5 out of 5,excellent flavor and reasonably priced.,excellent flavor and reasonably priced. some people don't like the size (too small) but for me they are fine.
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,5 out of 5,I noticed that they are,I noticed that they are staled. That cannot continue to be. And they had spotting GREEN like a fungus. I NEED FRESH cigars
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,5 out of 5,Smooth natural flavor,Smooth natural flavor
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,5 out of 5,If you dont have enough time,Always a delicious taste! Perfect if you don’t have enough time!
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,2 out of 5,no 'flavor',"with a name like 'cafe', I expected a slight coffee flavor like my last purchase of these...it wasn't there..."
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,5 out of 5,Cigar Bar at Wedding,We bought these for a cigar bar for my daughter's wedding. Perfect for those that wanted to join in!
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,5 out of 5,Cafe creme,A great little smoke. Perfect when you are short on time.
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,4 out of 5,Pretty good,"They're okay , need to be sold in a tin ."
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,4 out of 5,Buying more for my hubby,"Hi Sweet tooth Lady here my hubby loves these, but as I said before they are too small for me. The pack we have has great smooth flavor and as long as my hubby is happy I'm happy. I will buy more for him. So it's safe to this is buy again. They don't have a sweet flavor but it mellow and creamy. He's a happy guy ;-D."
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,2 out of 5,Harsh taste,Harsh taste as compared to others flavors offered.
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,4 out of 5,Too tiny 4=cigarillo 8=cigar,"2 Puffs and done! They are smaller than I thought I should have paid attention to the measurements. They are mild and smooth but they are not what I would call a true sweet cigarillo. I like them but it's not enough for me I need 4 of these to feel like I had a cigarillo, and 8 for a cigar. They are good and good for none smokers to try. I'm not sure how I could live on these lol. I feel like they are for a gag joke. Sorry to say I can't buy these for my birthday party. These will be good for my hubby he's not a smoker but he still might need 3-4 of these to feel like he's had a smoke. This is too funny to me they are sooooo tiny. X-D!"
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,5 out of 5,Easy Smokin,"These are tasty little cigarillos and CI has them for the lowest price anywhere. They're a great 5 minute smoke and if you haven't tried them, do it."
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,3 out of 5,Cafe cremes,Not as good as bacarat
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,5 out of 5,Mild blend,This is a good mild blend . And the size is just right for when you want a cigar but don't have a lot of time
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,3 out of 5,Cigar tryouts,I was looking for another small smoke like Shrapnel sweets. These burn a bit hot & harsh in the middle. Good fishing smoke.
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,1 out of 5,Not exactly what I wanted.,"Nice smoke, wrong flavor."
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,5 out of 5,Very good,Excellent Service
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,2 out of 5,Meh!,Nothing to write home about
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,5 out of 5,Cafe Creme,Great 3 minute smoke while taking a break from yardwork.
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,5 out of 5,Excellent!,"I get what I order and it arrives earlier than than expected.
Thanks you guys!"
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,4 out of 5,Good little cigars for a 5 minute smoke break,"Nice mellow flavor, very well priced lottle smokers for quick breaks."
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,4 out of 5,"Malty somewhat creamy, not very flavorful towards end.","To start, I am only recently getting into cigars so take this review for what that is worth. These Cafe Creme Mild's are very refreshing at first. They begin with a nice soothing flavor that reminds me of a coffee with extra cream that is quite relaxing.
Where these cigs lose their lore is towards the end. As you get closer to breathing in the hot smoke it looses almost all it's flavor. With this being a mild cigar it isn't surprising that it teases the taste buds with a glimpse of creme, however as you get closer to the burning end this infatuation meets a hot ashy unpleasant end.
Overall I would say great priced, decent flavor (at first), good for casual/beginner smoker."
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,4 out of 5,"Matthew A Judson Colonel, Aviation, USAR","Awesome customer service. Whether on the ""road"" or at home. Unparalleled products."
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,5 out of 5,Awesome service,Cigars International is the best value when it comes to online cigars store. The offer a great customer service at a competitive price.
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,5 out of 5,My wife loves them!,I was buying a bunch of cigars and my wife included these on the order. They are a quick smoke for her and she loves the flavor!
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,1 out of 5,no taste and too small,no taste and too small
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,5 out of 5,Great Customer Service,Great customer service and fast delivery.
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,5 out of 5,It was a good cigarillo,I enjoyed it very much
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,3 out of 5,They're ok,"Weak flavor, but okay for the price."
Cain by Oliva,4 out of 5,Bold,Good cigar start to finish
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,Sweet Christmas!,"The habano tubo is the perfect format to represent this tasty ligero heavyweight. The freshness is evident and undeniable. Strong, smooth, and flavorful with an interesting metallic sweetness. This is an amazing value. Sweet Christmas!"
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great flavor & Strength,This is my daily smoke. I have yet to find a cigar that tastes as good.
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,Cain Habano,Great 👍 cigar love em will always have some in my humidor
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,Cain 660 maduro,"Full bodied, smooth and consistent."
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,Cain maduro,Best cigar I ever smoked.
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,Customer,Honestly prefer the nub size Cain but the robusto is not so bad. The blend is extremely good. Smoking them repeatedly it could be a trend!
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,Cain 'F',"Expertly shipped. Even after shipping, perfectly humidified cigar. Cain 'F' is on my list of my top two favorite smokes!!
Full-bodied, extreme richness & power-packed flavor! Never disappoints."
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,Recent Purchase of Cain F Habano Robusto,I recently purchased the Cain F by Oliva which is one of my go to cigar brands. My order was delivered within a few days and was packaged very well and the cigars arrived safe and sound. The cigars were fresh however one in the pack of five was defective as the wrapper was split and unraveled which is unusual for this brand. I intend on making regular purchases from CI for all my smoking needs. Highly recommended.
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,Does not disappoint,"My experience is with the Robusto Maduro. This cigar has not disappointed yet. Great bold taste and strength. So many cigars start out with a great taste and then turn bitter, these DO NOT. Perfect draw and good enough burn. Not razor sharp on the burn but no troubles at all. I only wish they would pack these in a more appropriately attractive box. These sticks deserve that much."
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,Cain by Oliva Best Smoke,Most excellent smoke have been enjoying them for years. I highly recommend them.
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,Cain is able.,"A very good smoke, I prefer long slender mild smokes and this is one"
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,"Excellent. I had never even heard of this cigar but I bought one today and it was an outstanding smoke. Very even, cool burn, with an excellent flavor. Considerably more expensive than most cigars I smoke but I would have to say it was worth the price. I recommend."
Cain by Oliva,4 out of 5,Great stick. A little tight,Great stick. A little tight on the draw.
Cain by Oliva,3 out of 5,Bold!,Too bold for me but I finished it...
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,"Try them, you'll like them!","I was surprised by this stick. I had a Cain or two. I picked this up in a new shop and thought, well, it's worth a shot. Wow! I am way sorry not to have tried this before! Great taste, great construction, easy smoking. This will be my next box buy! AWESOME!"
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,Louis Hesselt-van-Din,"Very good smoke. Lots of flavor not harsh at all. Only complaint, not as strong as original issue."
Cain by Oliva,2 out of 5,Not the cigar it was in past years.,"There is a change to the flavor and consistency that are not welcome. They burn somewhat hot rather than the smooth flavorful draw they had in the past. I was very disappointed, especially at the price of these."
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"Full flavor, great construction, lots of smoke. This is a just a great cigar, no doubt about it."
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,An excellent full bodied smoke,Now my favorite cigar by far
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,"Cain ""F"" series","Being a fan of the original ""Cain"" series, I was doubtful of the ""F"" series, thinking that it was a piggyback effort like a lot of the cigar producers,....to my delight this was not the case. The ""F"" series is an improvement on a wonderful cigar, and not a cigar to be taken lightly,...."
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,This was a great smoke. Great from start to finish if you're looking for a full flavor cigar. Will Buy Again!
Cain by Oliva,4 out of 5,Good smoke,"The Robusto F is a good smoke, but not as good as the 660. That is a great smoke."
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,Awesome smoke,It has been one of my favorites since it came out. Wonderful construction and burn and a great smoke!
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,WELL DONE,"From start to finish, a well made stick. Slightly firm yet steady draw with a perfect amount of smoke throughout. Flavor actually trumps strength in the final 3rd. Enjoy with your favorite beverage..."
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,"Winner, from all angles","I love this cigar! Even, consistent burn, big plumes of smoke with a very smooth taste. Satisfying to the palate, and goes well with anything from coffee to Bourbon. I highly recommend this cigar, definitely a winner--I know I will be buying more of them."
Cain by Oliva,3 out of 5,Cain by Oliva 'F' Habano Lancero,I usually get the 660. I love it so much I decided to try the robusto and lancero. The 660 while very full is also very smooth. The lancero not so much. Kind of novel but will most likely not order that size again.
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,Cain F,"Cigars are bold and full bodied! I've been smoking these for a few years and never seem to let me down. Put your ""big boy"" pants on for a great smoke!"
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,Big Daddy Cain,Iv'e been smoking Cain's for a few years one of my favorites
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,ain by Oliva,"Fantastic cigar. Perfect burn, nice pull, pleasant taste. It is now my go to cigar for that post dinner smoke."
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,Cain,Hands down My favorite cigar
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,Excellent!!!,Excellent cigar perfection in all phases. The closer this thing gets to the nub the better it is. Truly a wonderful cigar!!!
Cain Daytona by Oliva,4 out of 5,"My first experience, on a","My first experience, on a golf course, was just ok. However, when I allowed myself to chill and really enjoy this cigar, it came alive. A nice medium-bodied smoke with a good amount of rich flavors."
Cain Daytona by Oliva,5 out of 5,Love them,Great flavor great draw great burn
Cain Daytona by Oliva,4 out of 5,Good every day smoke,Wanted to replace the partagas I’ve grown disappointed in. Nice construction and draw with a similar flavor as partagas. Never bites and price is reasonable.
Cain Daytona by Oliva,5 out of 5,cinnamon red hots,One of my favorites! Tastes reminiscent of those childhood candies.
Cain Daytona by Oliva,5 out of 5,Olivia Daytona,Still one of my favorites
Cain Daytona by Oliva,5 out of 5,Good smoke,No complaints here. Good consistent smoke.
Cain Daytona by Oliva,5 out of 5,Cain daytona,Burns well and is a mild
Cain Daytona by Oliva,5 out of 5,Cain Daytona,"One of my favorites, substantial and not heavy, even and consistent. Yet solid flavor and aroma, clean pull and nice smoke. My go to cigar."
Cain Daytona by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great cigars and a good price!,Great cigars and great service from CI. Oliva serie V is one of my favorite cigars so when I saw the deal on the Robusto I had to go for it.
Cain Daytona by Oliva,4 out of 5,Very nice cigar !!! Smooth,Very nice cigar !!! Smooth and rich!!
Cain Daytona by Oliva,4 out of 5,Tom,Smooth at first draw - stays great - slightly harsh close to end
Cain Daytona by Oliva,5 out of 5,Cain Daytona,"Always dependable cigar. Milder than other Cains allowing a smoke down to a stub. I like to smoke these in the late afternoon, mild enough to handle on an empty stomach."
Cain Daytona by Oliva,5 out of 5,Five stars,Easy pull and smooth finish. One of my favorites.
Cain Daytona by Oliva,5 out of 5,Cain daytona,"Always good, smooth, tasty. Right up my alley."
Cain Daytona by Oliva,5 out of 5,I think this Cain Daytona,I think this Cain Daytona is an excellent cigar. The wrapper leaves are some of the finest I've seen and the construction is excellent. Always a very consistent burn with very little touch up needed. Medium to full bodied with a very nice smooth character. One of my favorite smokes and not too expensive
Cain Daytona by Oliva,5 out of 5,"Cain Daytona, yes!","Absolutely one of my favorite smokes. Some of the knock offs or seconds are similar, but not quite there."
Cain Daytona by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great smooth smoke...,"Cain & Olivia, how can you go wrong? I've smoked these Daytona's for a couple of years and don't plan on stopping anytime soon!
Great start, even burn, smooth draw and nice creamy finish..."
Cain Daytona by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great Service And Shipping,I am definitely going to be a repeat customer. Great prices and service.
Cain Daytona by Oliva,5 out of 5,recent purchase,excellent cigar nice and smooth and a nice even burn throughout the smoke !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Cain Daytona by Oliva,5 out of 5,Cain Daytona,For a medium body cigar these really deliver the flavor!
Cain Daytona by Oliva,5 out of 5,Cain Daytona,One of my favorite cigars. Smooth yet very flavorful. Well worth the price.
Cain Daytona by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great Smoke!,"Well-made, smooth, very consistent, has a wonderful Nicaraguan flavor"
Cain Daytona by Oliva,4 out of 5,"Oliva, Always A Winner","I may not be a connoisseur but I damn well know what I like and the Cain line never disappoints—flavor, a quiet strength that relaxes me after a tough day of retirement. A real go-to."
Cain F Nub by Oliva,5 out of 5,Awesome,"I got a few of these in a multi pack a year or so ago, they quickly become my favorite! Nice smooth full bodied!"
Cain F Nub by Oliva,5 out of 5,Consistently satisfying,"I smoke Cain F regularly - I keep buying the Nub sampler pa ks that in clude them. One of my favorite Nubs. Beautiful wrapper leaf and great constructuion - someone else described the appearance as ""seamless"" and that is spot on. This is a,bold smoke but not a strong one - it is smooth throughout the smoke - rich flavors but not at all harsh or overwhelming. This is a consistently satisfying cigar."
Cain F Nub by Oliva,5 out of 5,Empty Ash Tray!,"Smoked the whole thing with ash fully intact. Not much effort either. If that’s not another example of Oliva’s consistency, what else do you need? Also, it’ll knock your socks off."
Cain F Nub by Oliva,5 out of 5,Truly full bodied,Super cigar in the classic tasty Nub tradition.
Cain F Nub by Oliva,5 out of 5,Cain F Nub by Oliva,"Excellent cigar. Smooth, good burn, long ash."
Cain F Nub by Oliva,5 out of 5,Love it,"Huge fan of the nub line, and have always like a complex full bodied cigar. If you like full bodied ligero with rich complex notes packed in a nub sized package you won't be disappointed."
Cain F Nub by Oliva,5 out of 5,Nub Cain F's are awesome,These stogies are a little stronger than I expected. I have smoked a few by now though and am enjoying each one more than the last. This comes as no big surprise to me because I've smokes several Nubs and never had a bad one.
Cain F Nub by Oliva,5 out of 5,very strong cigar,"Good cigar if you like em strong and dark. Smokes about an hour. good construction, and burn."
Cain F Nub by Oliva,5 out of 5,Nub tastic!!,Great Nicaraguan smoke with taste of leather and spices. The smoke is great from start to finish! Big Bang for for the money!! Nub hit a home run with this one.
Cain Nub by Oliva,5 out of 5,Superb Shortie!,"When taking a long walk, reading the paper or magazine or just watching the world go by - this smooth, rich, aromatic stogie is perfect!"
Cain Nub by Oliva,5 out of 5,My Smokes,One of my personal favorites
Cain Nub by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great stick!!,"Damn, what can I say!! This shorty hit the sweet spot. Explosion on the palate at first draw. Great draw not overwhelming good 1/2 hr smoke with a cup of coffee.."
Cain Nub by Oliva,5 out of 5,Very good,Taste good and smooth burns very well too for the price the package the price is very good
Cain Nub by Oliva,5 out of 5,"wow, great highly recommend it","this was the first time I had the cain habano nub it was great,can't wait for the next one awesome Roger G"
Cain Nub by Oliva,5 out of 5,Cain Nubs,"I really love the line of Nubs,The only downfall is you wish they were longer, ss I dont want it to end, I have tryed cheap immatitons but they dont compair, Keep them coming Thanks, MJF"
Cain Nub by Oliva,5 out of 5,Short Cigars,Recently got a free sampler of Nubs with a purchase. The Cain is bold and flavorful for full fans. A true gem!
Cain Nub by Oliva,2 out of 5,Cain Nub,I thought would try this little fatty because I really like the regular Nub Habano 460. Well this was a mistake. Not close to the same cigar. This one is a little to harsh for me. Will not buy again.
Cain Nub by Oliva,5 out of 5,Cain Nub by Oliva 460 Habano,Great cigar full flavor great when you want a quick smoke
Cain Nub by Oliva,4 out of 5,Cain Nub,Surprisingly more flavor than expected and more satisfying for a bolder taste than the regular Nubs. Also a great size for golf !
Cain Nub by Oliva,5 out of 5,They were great smokes,They were great smokes
Cain Nub by Oliva,4 out of 5,Good things in short packages.,"Great flavors build as you go. Perfect draw, bundles of smoke, and nice even burn."
Cain Nub by Oliva,2 out of 5,Not for me,Not for me. Burn was bad and uneven. Won't buy this one again
Cain Nub by Oliva,5 out of 5,"Skeptical at First, then Blown Away.","I was highly skeptical of the ""nub"" thing at first. This cigar has some DELICIOUS and elegant flavors. Sweet caramel, cocoa, and coffee, offset with just the right amount of spice and leather. I was blown away. Box material for sure and has good aging potential."
Caldwell Anastasia H,5 out of 5,Caldwell Anastasia,Just can't beat a Caldwell and the Anastasia H is another example of blended perfection.
Caldwell Anastasia H,5 out of 5,Become a member.,"I just became a monthly sample member so I only got one of these in the sample pack. New to cigars so not much experience but this cigar is awesome. It has a distinct taste I couldn’t figure out, so it made me look it up. True to the description. Thanks for including it in the sampler CI. Become a member and experience different cigars."
Caldwell Anastasia H,5 out of 5,Excelent,"About the best 1 l have smoked
All the way to the stub ++q"
Caldwell Anastasia H,5 out of 5,GREAT STICK,I really like this cigar. Great Burn. Full of flavor. Very consistent.
Caldwell Anastasia H,5 out of 5,Hidden Gem,This is a great cigar. I consider it the best Caldwell has to offer.
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,5 out of 5,Caldwell doesn’t disappoint I like,Caldwell doesn’t disappoint I like this cigar after a meal
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,5 out of 5,"Rich, rich flavor","Rich, rich flavor"
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,5 out of 5,These are always a favorite.,These are on my repeat purchase list.
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,5 out of 5,Hidden Treasure,Found Caldwell within last year and place them up there withDrew Estates.
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,4 out of 5,Visitor’s Cigar,"I got these in cigar fest. Very smooth, same flavor throughout, I would say it’s a beginner cigar. If you’re looking for different flavors along the way, if you want enjoy more in the middle and thickness of the smoke, that’s not for you. Good for the price that you pay and well worth the value of the cigar."
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,4 out of 5,Very nice,"What a nice smooth cigar. Burns well and even. Nice draw,not too loose or too tight. Ordered 2 boxes"
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,5 out of 5,"Never heard of it, so I tried it.","Smooth, easy draw. Nice, slight hints of spice. Nothing too crazy, but there. Worth giving a try."
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,4 out of 5,Cigar Lover,Received one of these at cigar fest and enjoyed very much so I bought a box. I find this cigar very flavorful and a pleasure to smoke.
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,5 out of 5,Blind Man's Bluff,"This is my favorite non-cuban cigar. Very complex in flavor. Sweet, mild and almost creamy at times."
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,5 out of 5,Just a consistent draw and great flavor,"Very Consistent draw, tastes good to the end. Burns evenly"
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,5 out of 5,Great smoke !,"This cigar is a medium to full bodied and has flavors of coco and is not to spicy,
A great smoke when you just want to relax."
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,5 out of 5,My new favorite!,"Wow! Great cigar. Tried one of these in a CO sampler and fell in love with it. Excellent construction. Very thick, creamy smoke. Notes of creamy coffee, cocoa and caramel, yes caramel after the halfway mark My new favorite stick. You don't even have to retrohale to taste it. Retrohale it to get all the delicious flavors."
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Great smoke. My go to all the time. Def buying again.
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,4 out of 5,Great smoke,Smooth and great body.
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,5 out of 5,One of my favorites,One of my favorites
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,5 out of 5,smokin good,The per-light so nice. Floral old world notes. The draw was effortless beautiful. And the leather and some chocolate and spicy hit the my pallet in waves for smokey delight. A very nice involving cigar. Construction was excellent :-)
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,5 out of 5,Blind Man's Bluff,Great smoke at an awesome price.
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,5 out of 5,Great stick!,"Great taste, even burn and overall fantastic cigar for the price. would definitely recommend it to anyone !"
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,3 out of 5,Just Ok!,"Not what I was expecting from this cigar, very bland no transitions, not worth all the hype it was built up to be in my opinion!"
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,5 out of 5,Caldwell continues to impress!,This is a very enjoyable cigar. Caldwell continues to impress. They are making waves and deservingly so!
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,5 out of 5,Excellent,Nice draw burns great taste awesome!
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,5 out of 5,Consistent to the end,The reason I reordered this cigar is that it stays with you to the end no harshness towards the end like other I have had Nice draw
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,3 out of 5,I'm not impressed.,"Nice construction, beautiful cigar, even burn, but I was not impressed. I've tasted much better cigars from Caldwell, Co. This one left me scratching my head. It was just a flat smoke and very one dimensional. There were no transitions in flavors, which I'm use to receiving from this company. I'll let the others sit for a couple of months in my humidor and see what develops, but I don't think there's much to work with flavors wise for a better profile later."
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,4 out of 5,Caldwell Blind Man’s Bluff,"Great Smoke! Subtle flavor that sneaks up on you. Might be hard for a newer smoker to appreciate the subtle flavors, but a seasoned puffer will really enjoy it."
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,5 out of 5,Blind mans bluff,Always a great cigar
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,5 out of 5,a great smoke,One of the best non-rated cigars I've smoked lately.
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,3 out of 5,Uninspiring and lifeless,"I wanted to love this cigar, I really did. I had heard so many good things. Ultimately, it wasn't a bad cigar by any means. The cigar is was medium bodied, but flat and lifeless. I was hoping for some flavor profile to emerge, but it never did. Just an average cigar that left me unimpressed."
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"It was a smooth, satisfying smoke."
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,5 out of 5,Very good smoke well balanced,Very good smoke well balanced
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,5 out of 5,Blind Man's Gold,"This is a very unique cigar. Very enjoyable! Excellent construction, as well as flawless draw. You get a salted Carmel, spice, cedar, and pretzel flavors on the palette. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a great botique cigar."
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff Connecticut,4 out of 5,A good find,"Bought this at a local cigar shop, knowing nothing about it. I was pleasantly surprised. Smokes smooth and evenly with good flavor. Will definitely order some of these for my ongoing enjoyment"
Caldwell Collection - E.S. Midnight Express,5 out of 5,Great stick,"I have never had this sick before, but I am very satisfied with the notes in this stick"
Caldwell Collection - E.S. Midnight Express,5 out of 5,Really nice! 92-94 rated by me,"Liked them so much I picked up 5 boxes on a sale. Just had one this evening, and enjoyed it more than the last... These things age well. The 7 months I already have on some makes a noticeable difference, I look forward to seeing how they burn in another 2 years! Caldwell makes several multi-box-purchase worthy sticks. The last czar being another one of my Caldwell favs. The corona is the perfect size for this one in my opinion. I usually like a bigger ring gauge, but the 46 suits it well."
Caldwell Collection - E.S. Midnight Express,3 out of 5,Cigars came and they were,Cigars came and they were a little dry
Caldwell Collection - E.S. Midnight Express,5 out of 5,Get em by the box.,"Excellent stick. Good draw and consistency. Mild on the palette yet plenty of kick. Gets really good as the ash gets longer. This, for me, is a finger burner! 80 minutes on a Corona...Yeah."
Caldwell Collection - E.S. Midnight Express,5 out of 5,Choo Choo,"Can't go wrong with Caldwell Collection. Always been a fan of the Long Live the King, Eastern Standard, Blind Man's Bluff and now the Midnight Express has catapulted to the top of that list. Easily one of my favorite sticks!"
Caldwell Collection - E.S. Midnight Express,5 out of 5,Top 5,Caldwell has always provided great sticks with long ash and heavy smoke. The Midnight Express has been added to my Top 5 rotation. Ordered 5 sticks and shared them and wish I hadn't! I will definitely order more...full box next order.
Caldwell Collection - Eastern Standard,4 out of 5,the first 2/3's tho!!,"These smokes are super underrated. might have the best first 2/3s in the game, the only problem I could think of is the last third..for some reason everything that is great about this cigar leaves at that point...IDK. but overall still amazing sticks one of my all-time favs"
Caldwell Collection - Eastern Standard,5 out of 5,Best ever,Best ever
Caldwell Collection - Eastern Standard,5 out of 5,Not your daddy's Connecticut,Great stick perfect construction and draw. One of my favorites
Caldwell Collection - Eastern Standard,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Love this cigar when it comes on the deal of the day
Caldwell Collection - Eastern Standard,5 out of 5,Caldwell eastern std,"Smooth, great taste, accurate med strength, great construction. Its in my all-time top 10."
Caldwell Collection - Eastern Standard,4 out of 5,Caldwell eastern standard,Good smoke. Not too long not too short just right
Caldwell Collection - Eastern Standard,5 out of 5,Great Robusto...,This is one of the best medium body Robustos on the market!! Very balanced with just enough complexity of flavor!! Has become one of my favorite smokes...can’t go wrong with this smoke.
Caldwell Collection - Eastern Standard,5 out of 5,Great Smoke!,Really enjoy this Caldwell cigar! Excellent construction and burn.
Caldwell Collection - Eastern Standard,5 out of 5,Caldwell Eastern Standard,"Showed up right on time, as usual. Great smoke. Mild to medium. Notes of cream and citrus. New favorite morning smoke with coffee."
Caldwell Collection - Eastern Standard,5 out of 5,great,love this cigar A+
Caldwell Collection - Eastern Standard,5 out of 5,Very good truly med smoke.,Very good truly med smoke.
Caldwell Collection - Eastern Standard,5 out of 5,Super Cigar,"I enjoy a number of the Caldwell smokes and this one is very smooth and fairly mild. I don't recommend it when you want a richer experience, but I really like this in warmer weather and definitely on a golf course."
Caldwell Collection - Eastern Standard,4 out of 5,As Expected!,"Good draw, fairly mild smoke. Caldwell makes a great cigar. Not right for those who want a full bodied smoke, but great for a nice experience."
Caldwell Collection - Eastern Standard,5 out of 5,caldwell,Great cigar
Caldwell Collection - Eastern Standard,5 out of 5,These are great cigars!,These cigars are rolled perfectly and the blend of various tobacco make for a very tasty cigar!! Highly recommended!!!!
Caldwell Collection - Long Live The King,5 out of 5,Very nice Cigar,Slow burning cigar with a very refreshing taste.
Caldwell Collection - Long Live The King,5 out of 5,Beyond Good.,Outstanding. Top 10! Need to order a box.
Caldwell Collection - Long Live The King,5 out of 5,Long Live The King-Excellent,Great smoke and perfect burn. I’m a Caldwell fan but I’m really liking this stick which is right up there in the top 3 of the many blends. Spicy which gives it the bite I’m into along with a bunch of flavors that are hard to pin down. I like when my cigar goes through several flavor changes. Medium to full with a razor sharp white ash makes it hard to not chain smoke these babies. Well worth the list price but the diligent eye can ferret out a deal maybe 30% or more lower.
Caldwell Collection - Long Live The King,5 out of 5,Long live the King,Love them!!!
Caldwell Collection - Long Live The King,5 out of 5,Big dog,Thisvis a wonderful smoke that i acquired during the make your own best offer. Delivered in fine fashion as always. Smooth to the finish...buy them by the box
Caldwell Collection - Long Live The King,4 out of 5,Short Churchill called well Long live the king,From the 1st Draw to last very good smoke Even burn throughout Smoked at while playing golf wonderful recommended
Caldwell Collection - Long Live The King,5 out of 5,Why did I wait so long!!!!!,"I'm a medium to full bodied smoker and I have enjoyed some of Caldwell's other medium bodied offerings. I figured this would be a good smoke but wasn't expecting a new top 5 favorite. This cigar is outstanding all the way around tons of flavor with the right amount of oomph. Again why did I wait so damn long to try this.
Get you some."
Caldwell Collection - Long Live The King,5 out of 5,This is my go to cigar,"I am a big fan of Robert Caldwell cigars, this would be one of my favorites. Mild to medium cigars with great flavors of earth, white pepper and black pepper on the finish. Love this cigar."
Caldwell Collection - Long Live The King,5 out of 5,Long Live The King,Awesome stick!!! Never disappoints!!!
Caldwell Collection - Long Live The King,5 out of 5,Fabulous,Worth every pennys
Caldwell Collection - Long Live The King,5 out of 5,one of the best,this is one best cigars on the the market fans of reminds me of opus x and other full bodied cigars a must try
Caldwell Collection - Long Live The King,5 out of 5,Great smoke smoked 5 so,Great smoke smoked 5 so far all perfectly balanced and great draw
Caldwell Collection - Long Live The King,5 out of 5,worth the money,i've smoked over 600 cigars so far this year and this is by far one of the best ones. only found this cigar due to Cigar of the month club I will now buy this as well as the midnight express
Caldwell Collection - Long Live The King,5 out of 5,Mild to medium no pepper great stick,"Great cigar, nowhere near full strength. This is a mild to medium."
Caldwell Collection - Long Live The King,5 out of 5,Amazing,Amazing cigar. Explosion of flavors and very smooth burning smoke.
Caldwell Collection - Long Live The King,5 out of 5,Nothing beats a Caldwell,"Without a doubt one of the best cigars you can buy period. Worth every penny, well crafted, smooth, amazing quality."
Caldwell Collection - Long Live The King,4 out of 5,All Hail to Da' King!,"When it comes to Dominican Puros, I'm on the fence. But ""Long Live the King"" is just that. I gave it a try b/c I enjoy Corojo Tabacco. Smooth but full-bodied with Full flavor. This a great cigar. Very much worth the price point. I keep em' in the humidor. It's become a go to. The wrapper is oily, so I recommend sitting it out the morning if you plan to smoke in the evening."
Caldwell Collection - Long Live The King,5 out of 5,Long live the king,Excellent smoke! A must try!! Shipped quickly in good condition
Caldwell Collection - Long Live The King,5 out of 5,Out of the park,Caldwell right now is putting out amazing gars. The long live the king is a knockout.
Caldwell Collection - The King Is Dead,4 out of 5,Caldwell well called👍,Slow burner.
Caldwell Hit and Run Part Deux (Rip and Dip),5 out of 5,Fantastic,"This is a fantastic Cigar. Great smoke through and through. I tend to find that whenever I smoke new cigars I rarely find them to be as satisfying as this one turned out to be. This has quickly become one of my favorite smokes.
Definitely going to check out more by Caldwell ..."
Caldwell Long Live the King Mad MF,5 out of 5,CALDWELL LLTK M MF,THIS IS DEFINITELY A GREAT CIGAR WORTH MENTIONING!!HAD LET IT SIT IN THE HUMIDOR FOR AROUND A MONTH AND WOW SIMPLY A GREAT CIGAR!! WILL DEFINITELY PURCHASE AGAIN !!! EVEN BETTER WITH A GREAT SINGLE MALT !!
Caldwell Long Live the King Mad MF,5 out of 5,Best cigar,It’s the best cigar I had I love them you will be very happy with this cigar
Caldwell Long Live the King Mad MF,5 out of 5,Another winner!,"I'm a huge fan of just about everything Caldwell makes...but this smoke is something extra special...every bit as strong as the original LLTK line, but just a bit ""rounder"" with tons on chocolate, spice, and an extra pleasant leathery component that intensifies the entire length of the cigar..."
Caldwell Long Live the King Mad MF,5 out of 5,Amazing,This is another amazing cigar from Caldwell.
Caldwell Long Live the King Mad MF,5 out of 5,Top 5,This Stick is definitely in my Top 5 along with the 1st LLTK. I really enjoyed this flavor pack stick from beginning to end. Caldwell did it again!
Caldwell Lost & Found One Night Stand,5 out of 5,Great smoke!!,Great smoke!!
Caldwell Savages,5 out of 5,Very Enjoyable Smoke,"Very nice cigar, with a fruity/ nutty tastes. Some pepper flavors did appear, but didn't overwhelm the taste. Construction was excellent, though I would have proffered a slightly looser draw. First 2/3rds were perfect with natural progression in strength happening in the final third. I gave it a final rating off a 93. I would suggest this stick to those who enjoy mediums to medium-fulls. Smoking time: 1 hour 10 minutes for the Corona Extra."
Caldwell The Last Tsar,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,Very well balanced and enjoyable! Would certainly order again!
Caldwell The Last Tsar,5 out of 5,This was a very enjoyable cigar!,"I am a Liga Privada guy. I smoke the 9 and the T52 on a regular basis but I was given this cigar by my golf partner. I never heard of Caldwell, but I can tell you that this cigar rocked. I really like the Last Tsar. It is a very smooth cigar, mild to full but it was an awesome smoke. Although my order record shows that I ordered a Churchill, I am sure it was a Belicoso, because it was very short about 5.5 inches. Regardless, it was a great smoke, I will order the Churchill the next time, because this cigar burned pretty quickly, about an hour. I was done with it by the 6th hole, but......It was very enjoyable and I will order again. If you want to take it on the golf course, I would suggest you order the Churchill, it will at least get you to the back 9 and beyond. You learn something new every day, especially the fact that Caldwell makes a dam good cigar.......Very impressed!"
Caldwell The Last Tsar,5 out of 5,YUP,Unbelievable smoke
Caldwell The T,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,My favorite cigar to date. Lots of flavor
Caldwell The T,5 out of 5,Great stick....highly recommend.,Well constructed and smooth draw from start to finish. I would say it falls on the medium side for strength. Shared a box it with a large group of cigar smokers and everyone had nothing but good things to say about the stick. Good collabo stick.
Caldwell The T Connecticut,4 out of 5,T is for Try it..,"Smooth connie.. definitely a more relaxed departure from the Original T.
Smooth, Woodsy, faintly sweet cream, with a touch of Hay throughout.
Blue and white smoke
Burn is good
Mild to lower spectrum of Medium
Connie fans may love this one—
Its a great 5 packer all day!!"
Caldwell The T Habano,5 out of 5,One for the humidor rotation,"Had one. It was super. Plenty of flavor, spice coffee and a little black pepper. burn tome was an hour & twenty minutes
I’m buying a box. Try a stick!"
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,First time smoking a Camacho,Great smoke. easy smooth draw. Looks darker thank it tastes. Very Medium
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Smooth smoke with hints of pepper and spice. I like that you get notes of the bourbon but it doesn't over power the rest of the flavors like other infused cigars do. Always keep these in stock.
Camacho American Barrel Aged,4 out of 5,Rich and full of flavor,Rich and full of flavor
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,Awesome sticks,Product arrived a day ahead of schedule. I already loved the undercrown and the American barrel aged so i found this deal and im happy with it.
Camacho American Barrel Aged,4 out of 5,Great for the price!!!,one of my favorite cheaper go to cigars
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,Best so far,The best I’ve gotten so far from CI. Aging in a bourbon barrel really gives a unique and pleasant flavor. I will next get Padron to compare
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,A great full-bodied cigar,"I like most Camacho cigars,but the Barrel Aged are my favorite. Well constructed with a good burn and full of flavor. They definately fit the bill as a no-nonsense full-bodied cigar, one that doesn't disappoint."
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,Love the American Barell Aged,Perfect cigar for pairing with a good Kentucky Bourbon. Enjoy outside on a crisp fall evening.
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,The bees knees,Good stuff
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,Good smoke!,"Great stick! Medium flavor. Even burn.
Only had to light once."
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Great smoke. Tasteful and even burn.
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent cigar. It has a good even burn !!!
Camacho American Barrel Aged,4 out of 5,Camacho,Pleasantly surprised! Nice and fresh with easy draw and a boatload of flavor. Great all around smoke. Gimme some more!
Camacho American Barrel Aged,4 out of 5,Great cigar!,It's a Camacho!
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"Very smooth full stogie, but as all very good cigars...…..out of my price range"
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,One of my husband's top 5 cigars,"And his only ""flavored"" cigar that makes it in the top 40"
Camacho American Barrel Aged,4 out of 5,Camacho,"Started a little harsh, but then blended into a good medium flavor"
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,Camacho American barrel aged,One of my favorite sticks absolutely love the flavor they never disappoint
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,Pleasantly surprised with the taste and burn...,"Nice quality smoke with a smooth, aromatic taste and consistent, slow burn. I highly recommend this cigar..."
Camacho American Barrel Aged,4 out of 5,Camacho barrel aged.,"Very smooth and tasty, cigars draws great. Perfect size too!"
Camacho American Barrel Aged,4 out of 5,Delicious,Smooth draw with all the right flavors
Camacho American Barrel Aged,4 out of 5,good cigar,good cigar
Camacho American Barrel Aged,4 out of 5,Good cigar . A little,Good cigar . A little bit strong
Camacho American Barrel Aged,3 out of 5,dlrbill,"not a bad smoke, but hard on the draw"
Camacho American Barrel Aged,3 out of 5,Just ok. Funky flavor. May,Just ok. Funky flavor. May let the remaining ones age a bit to see how they turn out.
Camacho American Barrel Aged,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Camacho American Barrel Aged,4 out of 5,"Nice draw, good burn, strong","Nice draw, good burn, strong flavor"
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,Best freebie ever!,"Was an add on with a sampler purchase. Great surprise!! Good flavor, mild, and went perfectly with an aged bourbon on th e back porch!!"
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,Camacho American Barrel Aged Robusto,I found this to be a very good smoke.
Camacho American Barrel Aged,4 out of 5,camacho,good smoke
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,Ive bought from you guys,Ive bought from you guys a few times now and im never disappointed. You guys are the best!
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,American ages,Smooth smoke and has me ready to try other Comacho brands.
Camacho American Barrel Aged,2 out of 5,Camacho Barrel Aged,"I was very disappointed with this cigar. I'm not a guy who notices ""woodsy"" or ""cedar"" or ""coffee"" notes. I smoke a cigar and it's either - to me - good or it's not good. This one is not."
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,Camacho American barrel,The best cigar out there I think. I would like to see the price come down a little bit
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,Pairs nicely with a bourbon,Smooth well made cigar that is perfect with a nice bourbon.
Camacho American Barrel Aged,4 out of 5,Flavorful,Good/easy/loose draw. Very smooth/aged/flavorful. They are bold from the get-go and become stronger as you smoke them down so sometimes I put them out with a couple of inches left. Maybe I'm a lightweight.
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,Awesome,"Very good, dark, rich and smooth."
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,Excellent,Great cigar super service. ThNks
Camacho American Barrel Aged,2 out of 5,Decent every day cigar. But,Decent every day cigar. But didn’t peak my interest. I’d go elsewhere
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,Camacho Corrojo great cigar,Great smoke was very satisfying good thick smoke and even burn. A darn well made cigar from inside out.
Camacho American Barrel Aged,4 out of 5,Tasty smoke,"I got this cigar in a sampler pack and was really looking forward to trying it. I generally enjoy robust, full-bodied smokes and this did not disappoint. The burn was even with a nice light ash and a decent amount of smoke. Only trouble was the pack was a little tight so the draw was not perfect. I am hopeful that was the failing of the one I smoked and will not be the norm with the other 4 I have. Looking forward to trying another."
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,Camacho,Sorry to say the wrapper is on the dry side. But I like the taste.
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,Great buy.,These cigars are one of the most flavorful and smooth smokes available.
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,"Nice cigar. Smooth draw and as you smoke you can pick up hints of the Bourbon and oak. Some pepper notes as well. Sit sown and enjoy this one with a nice glass of Bourbon, preferably a Bourbon that is on the sweet side."
Camacho American Barrel Aged,3 out of 5,Disappointed,Was expecting some bourdon flavors but not even a hint. Good cigar but not worth the up charge for the bourbon aging.
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,A very solid cigar!,I found the Camacho to be a first rate cigar. It was exceeding well made and really packed a punch. I’ll buy this one again.
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,Great,"Very good burn, great flavor and strength"
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,A barrel full of flavor,"Can't go wrong with this gem. Full bodied masterpiece from Camacho. Not for everyone, this cigar is only for those who can appreciate a fine smoke sitting back with a great Bourbon in one hand and this beauty in the other."
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,Camacho aged,Cigars was awesome - everything I expected from a Camacho cigar.
Camacho BG Meyer Standard Issue,4 out of 5,Give it a whack!,This cigar is great if your low on time and want to experience a lot of flavor with mellow nicotine. I would honestly recommend this for a newbie. Or a great quick stick! Salud my friends
Camacho BG Meyer Standard Issue,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"Great smoke, hate to have it end...."
Camacho BG Meyer Standard Issue,5 out of 5,My new favorite,My new favorite
Camacho BG Meyer Standard Issue,5 out of 5,Camacho’ Shorties,Great smoke when you don’t have time for a full cigar!
Camacho BG Meyer Standard Issue,5 out of 5,Camacho Tins,Excellent value from a great company! Good tasting cigar that lasts surprisingly long for its size.
Camacho BG Meyer Standard Issue,4 out of 5,nice,nice
Camacho BG Meyer Standard Issue,4 out of 5,Tasty Slackers,"I love these little suckers, great size for a quick smoke while BBQ'g or working outside.
I feel like they lean more towards Med-Mild, but are a tasty little treat!"
Camacho BG Meyer Standard Issue,5 out of 5,New favorite for a quick smoke,Really a good smoke. Burn time is about 30-45 minutes and smooth. Plenty of smoke. I will get more .
Camacho BG Meyer Standard Issue,5 out of 5,"Camacho Slackers,","Wow, what a great smoke for those times when you can't enjoy a full size cigar! Smooth and tasty right till the end."
Camacho BG Meyer Standard Issue,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Camacho BG Meyer Standard Issue,3 out of 5,Slackers,Smoked just one so far out of the tin a bit dry getting them on sale. Has about 1/2 of the Camacho flavor from my experience. Still a good short smoke that should get better with time in the humidor.
Camacho BG Meyer Standard Issue,4 out of 5,Nice,These are a great little smoke for a quick BBQ or to step outside to get away for a second. Smooth with enough taste to make them worth it
Camacho BG Meyer Standard Issue,4 out of 5,"Pretty good, good burn, fair","Pretty good, good burn, fair flavor"
Camacho BG Meyer Standard Issue,5 out of 5,Cigar Review BG Meyers,"I enjoyed these tasty little cigars, they are a mild smoke, well constructed and have a consistent burn. For a short, quick smoke I would recommend them for anyone looking to enjoy a small yet satisfying cigar. And the tins they come in make them convenient for travel."
Camacho BG Meyer Standard Issue,5 out of 5,camacho,nice 30 min smoke at a good price
Camacho BG Meyer Standard Issue,4 out of 5,Nice Break,Nice short cigar for a break.
Camacho BG Meyer Standard Issue,5 out of 5,A Very special time for yourself,This was a good experience. It has a lot of enjoyable flavors very complex. Nice for a quick moment any time of the day.
Camacho BG Meyer Standard Issue,5 out of 5,short smoke,This is going to be my short smoke cigar. I love these.
Camacho BG Meyer Standard Issue,5 out of 5,Slackers,"Great little smoke. Smooth,mild and flavorful. Especially when you don't have a lot of time but REALLY need a cigar."
Camacho BG Meyer Standard Issue,3 out of 5,Not bad for a quick,Not bad for a quick smoke. But not too much flavor.
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,Tasty,One of the best connecticut cigars on the market!
Camacho Connecticut,4 out of 5,Cap crumble d while smoking.,Cap crumble d while smoking. Great flavor.
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,My Favorite Cigar,"Good smoke, always something to go back to."
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke from a class,Excellent smoke from a class company
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"Absolutely hands down my favorite smoke. Great draw , full of flavor and a great aroma all around. I recommend these to everyone."
Camacho Connecticut,3 out of 5,Good smokes.,Good smokes.
Camacho Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,Yummy and excellent.,My wife order Camacho for me as a Father's Day gift. It is Good cigar by all means. As My wife is excellent and her choose was excellent. We doggie Camacho. Don't be deceived by the look.
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,How good? Almost too good to share.,Nice smoke from start to finish. You hate for it to end.
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,Tasty mild smoke.,Very good mild cigar.
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,Well-Crafted,"This cigar is made with perfection. The draw is excellent, with an even burn. The flavor is as described, having notes of wood and citrus. It’s a nice change of pace and smooth to the end. I would buy again for sure."
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,Love at first smoke,Wow!! Love at first smoke. First one I tried paired real well with a Miller lite. Very pleasant mild flavors with a loose draw & crisp burn. Instantly became one of my top 5.
Camacho Connecticut,3 out of 5,You don’t know unless you try.,I was kind of disappointed with these cigars. I was expecting more with the ratings and comments on these sticks. The burn was not even the draw was marginal and kind of had a bad aftertaste. Maybe I just got a batch made on a Friday...
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,"Awesome cigar, price and service!",Super pleased with my recent purchase from you guys. Shipped fast and arrived in perfect condition! I won’t shop anywhere else.
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,"Great fast service, top quality!","Great fast service, top quality! Thank you!"
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,5 Stars,I've been buying from you for a while and have been extremely pleased. Keep up the excellent work!
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,look no further!,You’ve found it! The perfect medium strength cigar. Marry it with two fingers of a single malt scotch for an unforgettable experience!
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,Excellent Smoke,"A Connecticut wrapper a bit stronger than other brands, but very flavorful. I really enjoy these."
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great Cigar!,Excellent smoke - Mild to medium with enough flavor without the hard bite!
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,My favorite cigar,Excellent cigar. Smooth and creamy with an easy draw. Very well made. Highly recommend.
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,"Great smoke, smooth and a","Great smoke, smooth and a fantastic taste."
Camacho Connecticut,4 out of 5,Very nice indeed,Very nice indeed
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,"great flavor, better than average","great flavor, better than average draw"
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,Good service with very good,Good service with very good customer service. Only thing that could be better is bring back free delivery for your better customers
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,A fine smoke,A fine smoke
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,Best cigars ever,"Very good cigar, smooth, not too strong, easy relaxing enjoyable smoke."
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great Deal,This was one of the best deals I’ve bought. Hope they do it again!
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,camacho,yummy
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,Just what you expect from,Just what you expect from Camacho.
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,Camacho,"Great little cigars for walking around town or walking the dog, awesome Cigar . I love this brand ."
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great Cigar! I need another,Great Cigar! I need another box!
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,Top 3 favorite,Smoothest smoke ever had. Definitely in my top three favorite list
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great smoke that is well,Great smoke that is well made.
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,Nice smooth with a twang,Nice smooth with a twang
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,Awesome cigar,Awesome cigar
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,Good smoke,"Like anything you’re smoking, if it’s fresh, it’ll be fantastic. Mine were fresh, and came with a humidity pack. Awesome. It’s a lighter, smooth, relaxing smoke. Not harsh at all, well wrapped, it isn’t falling apart on me. Couldn’t ask for much more, I’ve bought these multiple times."
Camacho Connecticut,4 out of 5,Infamous since 1962,Very good cigar. Construction was firm but the draw was excellent for me. Great everyday cigar or sitting in the mountain with a nice glass of bourbon. Its the best Comacho I've had since the 11/18 I smoked 10 years ago.
Camacho Connecticut,3 out of 5,Medium body average taste,Medium body average taste
Camacho Connecticut,4 out of 5,Nice smoke!,"Smoked the robusto. Usually not a fan of Connecticut Shade wrapper but this cigar was actually quite nice. Bright and aromatic. Starts out like a typical CT cigar with grassy notes, but to this cigar's credit it really kept me engaged. If you are in the mood for a CT I would recommend the Camacho CT."
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,CAMACHO CT,Great cigar. Great taste. Great draw right to the end. Does not bite right down to the nub.
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,I thought I ordered with,"I thought I ordered with yellow label, I enjoy that more, than connettic"
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,One of my favorites.,Great anytime stick.
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,A go to cigar,"Terrific smoke. Smooth draw, easy on the palette."
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,My go-to every day smoke.,"I love these medium strength connecticuts. They have notes of sweetness, cedar and mild spice. Nice draw and construction for the price."
Camacho Connecticut,3 out of 5,To fast burn,Burned to fast. To loosely wrapped. Taste was ok. Not even close to Cohiba
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,A Humidor Staple,"Tasty and smooth, mild with a nice even burn."
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,These are excellent cigars. They have a mild flavor and a very easy draw. One of my favorites.
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,Love it,Very happy with the taste and burn
Camacho Connecticut BXP,5 out of 5,"Strong, smooth and consistent","Strong, smooth and consistent"
Camacho Connecticut BXP,5 out of 5,Love the cigar,Love the cigar
Camacho Connecticut BXP,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,Excellent smoke
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,Delicious Camacho,A very nice medium bodied cigar! Camacho never disappoints
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,Great,Very good cigar-excellent
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,"Awesome smoke, fast shipping","Awesome smoke, fast shipping"
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,Great smokes at reasonable prices.,Great smokes at reasonable prices.
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,JUST RIGHT,"this is the goldy locks of cigars, not to harsh but no to soft....... just right...!!!!!"
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,Great deal Well constructed cigar,"Great deal
Well constructed cigar full of flavor.
Wating for the next special will definitely buy again"
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,one of my favorite smokes.,one of my favorite smokes.
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,Great Cigars,Nice rich flavor
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,Nice vacation cigars,I alway buy these for vacation when I know there won’t be too many places to smoke. The flavor is good and full. It’s a fairly quick smoke and it doesn’t billow in smoke when you sneak a smoke on the balcony of a cruise ship.
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,Camacho Corojo,"Very smooth smoke medium bodied, great draw, starts a bit slow with some distinct flavors and really picks up a quarter way in. A pleasure from beginning to end. Has become one of my two favorites."
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Camacho Corojo,4 out of 5,Camacho corojo.,Good stogie burns and draws great.
Camacho Corojo,1 out of 5,Not a Fan.,"Agree with Reed K.
Usually, when I post a review here, it's to reward a cigar I really like. Not this time.
Though I prefer fullish, cigars, this one leaves me with sensation that I just swallowed a charcoal briquette. Harsh, nasty finish.
About half the Corojos I've tried didn't burn so well, either.
Best thing about it is that since it's so loosely constructed, it burns down quickly. One of those rare cigars that I toss and say ""that's enough of that one"".
FWIW, my comments here do not reflect on other Camacho offerings, some of which are pretty darned good."
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,Camacho Robusto,Excellent taste. Roll and burn quality was smooth and uninhibited. I have smoked five from one box and find the quality is consistent. A great box purchase.
Camacho Corojo,4 out of 5,Corjo,"Very nice spicy flavor.second time I have bought these cigars, will buy again."
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,"Great smoke, full body, not my first time puffing on these Great smokes"
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,Good Cigar,"Good smell, taste. only down fall it does not stay lit"
Camacho Corojo,2 out of 5,Going downhill faster than Bode Miller.,"Ever since they changed the band, these have been getting worse and worse. In the past couple years. I've probably had 15 of them from 10 different samplers and a dedicated 5 pack. All at different times. They all have been a big time disappointment. I really like most of the other labels that Camacho has, which seems to be the weird thing. Minimal flavor and the always seem to canoe. It seems to be just me because they get a lot of a good reviews."
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,winderfully mild smoke. Pleasant in,winderfully mild smoke. Pleasant in every way.
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Great cigar. Great price. One of my new everyday cigars.
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,great smoke,Really a good smooth cigar. To bad their to expensive. Not in my small budget to buy them but if you can buy them.
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,Excellent! Loved it!,Excellent! Loved it!
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,Camacho Corojo Robusto,"I really enjoy these little sticks. They're well made, easy on the draw, very pleasant and satisfying."
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar. My favorite,Excellent cigar. My favorite
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,Nice Smoke,"Good volume with each draw, worth price paid"
Camacho Corojo,4 out of 5,Smooth,Nice smooth pull!!! What I expected from a Camacho.
Camacho Corojo,3 out of 5,Camacho Machitos-Corojo,"Good smoke, however about half way through they burn a little hot."
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,Camacho cigars,"camacho produces a very good cigar and the corojo was very satisfying, the experience was very enjoyable"
Camacho Corojo,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Good / better than a lot of others at the same price point / not my favorite
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,Good smoke. Smooth burn,Good smoke. Smooth burn
Camacho Corojo,4 out of 5,Good little cigar to fall back on when in need,Decent little strong cigar. Not bad at all and decent price. Probably worth keeping around in the humidor for the occasional smoke.
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,My favorite stick.,Always a smooth draw. Well constructed. Smooth from start to finish.
Camacho Corojo,4 out of 5,This cigar suits me. Good,"This cigar suits me. Good draw, great taste,burned evenly."
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,Outstanding,Fantastic cigar. Full bodied powerhouse. Always enjoyable.
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,Exactly what I was looking for,Its a smooth consistent smoke. Exactly what I am looking for in a good Cigar. Another one added to my revolving list of everyday smokes
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"I've always liked Camacho, especially the Corojo. It has such a complete and satisfying flavor. It's rich and deep without being too dark and overpowering. One of my absolute favorites."
Camacho Corojo,2 out of 5,Not a fan,"I absolutely love the American Barrel Aged and the Triple Maduro, but the Corojo was just not to my liking. It's not a terrible stick, just not my thing. Ash would get no longer than 1/4"" before flowering. The smoke was almost acrid at times. No variations in flavor profile, just searing acidity throughout. I wouldn't turn one down if offered to me, but I won't be purchasing this stick again. What's crazy, is I used to LOVE the old Corojo Monarca."
Camacho Corojo,1 out of 5,Like licking a dirty leather couch!,"Might have been a bad batch, but a bad pull, uneven burn and tasted like a dirty leather couch. Eeek stay away!"
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,Great transaction,"As always a great purchase. Easy, good price and fast shipping"
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,You wont be dissapointed.,Just a fantastic smoke construction is excellent burns perfect to me tastes great these are always in my humidor.
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,Camacho Corojo Toro,This has to be one of my top 3 cigars. The Corojo is light enough that it does not over power and strong enough to allow consistent great flavor in every puff. I would recommend this to cigar smokers that have been smoking for awhile if they would wish to experience a new taste.
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,great experience,at first was very skeptical about trying this cigar but was blown out of the water. The spicy flavor really adds to the flavor and make an already good cigar much more pleasurable looking forward to smoking the rest.
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,wow,first time im trying these and wow!!! I have a new favorite cigar
Camacho Corojo,3 out of 5,"Uneven burn, good flavors","Great flavor, but the uneven burn was distracting. I would smoke it again, but I wouldn't go out of my way to find one either."
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,Great every day smoke.,Consistent construction and flavors. Awesome.
Camacho Corojo BXP,5 out of 5,Camacho Corojo BXP,"Best cigar for the price. Flavor and construction are consistant. No suprises, no plugged cigars, even burn."
Camacho Coyolar,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,Excellent smoke
Camacho Coyolar,5 out of 5,Amazing cigar.,"I bought a 5 pack, and fell in love. I had to buy a box. I'm not an aficionado, but to me it had dark flavors, little to no pepper, perfect burn, and awesome smoke output. The box was packed decently. Didnt have any damages. To cigar box itself was immaculate. I'll be keeping it for sure. Try this smoke!"
Camacho Coyolar,5 out of 5,Coyolar Review,Great smoke. Delivery was quick and efficient.
Camacho Coyolar,5 out of 5,Coyolar is back,Coyolar was one of Camacho's best cigars. The new version maintains the quality and strength of the previous ones. It's good that they brought it back
Camacho Coyolar,5 out of 5,Very strong,Loved it!!
Camacho Coyolar,1 out of 5,Not a very good cigar,The cigar was very bitter and to earthy for my taste. The cigar was well constructed as all Camacho cigars are.
Camacho Coyolar,5 out of 5,Good,Good
Camacho Criollo,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,Great cigar!
Camacho Criollo,4 out of 5,Criollo? SI!!!,"A wonderfully flavored cigar, more hospitable than other Camachos. Every time I've given one to a friend, they've raved about it. It's got sentimental value to me, also, as it's the cigar I torched when I watched Trump's inaugural.
Only thing keeping it from five stars is that they're a bit lightly packed for me and burn down too quickly."
Camacho Criollo,4 out of 5,Perfect for a daily smoke.,"One of the first cigars I ever bought after getting into 'the game' and also the first one I'd ever enjoyed enough snd said ""wel that's was GOOD! I think I'll buy a couple more. Just a great medium bodied stoge without sacrificing FLAVOR!
I could easily say this would be a 'daily' smoke for me."
Camacho Criollo,4 out of 5,Excellent venture into Camacho's line.,"I purchased a single (no option was available) at the Texas retail location and was pleasantly surprised. I am a fan of mild profiles, so Camacho - being rather known for strong cigars, was a bit intimidating. Profile was mild at first, increased to fairly full by the end of the first 3rd. Lightened up at the halfway point and was consistent the remainder of the cigar. Ashed very well and burned evenly despite a breeze that wasn't helping.
The plan is to purchase another (possibly 5) to evaluate consistency. This may be the new 'go-to' smoke as the price point was excellent... might be buying a box."
Camacho Criollo,3 out of 5,Lots of flavor,"I expected a lighter cigar with the Camacho yellow label, but this cigar is full of flavor. I like to fill my humidor medium to full cigars.This one falls on the full side."
Camacho Criollo,4 out of 5,Pretty Good!,"Found a stubborn knot in one, but otherwise cap held at the shoulder and draw was ok. Strength was medium. Burn rate was average."
Camacho Criollo,4 out of 5,Camacho is a great smoke,"One of my favorite after work smokes. I'm not sure how my neighbors feel about it, but I love it!"
Camacho Criollo,5 out of 5,"Smooth, consistantly, burns even throughout,","Smooth, consistantly, burns even throughout, very reliable."
Camacho Criollo,5 out of 5,My favorite,Smoke these in Puerto Rico I’m hooked the best !
Camacho Criollo,5 out of 5,Camacho is top dog,"Any style of camacho I buy is awesome, these little guys are perfect for a puff or 2 if you are not looking for a long time engagement with a big boy. Maybe the perfect ""shot and a beer cigar""."
Camacho Criollo,5 out of 5,Great medium cigar,Good flavor without getting too dark. Burn is easy and consistent enough to walk the dog with.
Camacho Criollo,5 out of 5,Great smoke.,Perfect combination of mild flavors. Won’t over power those who like a mellow cigar but also won’t disappoint those who enjoy the full bodied flavor. I have ordered and smoked 50 of these and have yet to run into a problem with the drawl or cracking. One of my favorites on a regular basis
Camacho Criollo,4 out of 5,"small tasty cigar, burns quick","small tasty cigar, burns quick but not hot, lots of smoke"
Camacho Criollo,5 out of 5,Nice surprise!,"Very nice! I got a five pack to try, and have to admit I was holding my breath thinking these were going to be over the top strong. No worries- a just right medium strength with plenty of flavor. Didn't develop any bad issues as it got shorter, unlike so mny others."
Camacho Criollo,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Mild to medium body smoke. Full of nice creamy flavor.
Camacho Criollo,4 out of 5,surprisingly delightful,"wow, distinct taste than other camachos, and was surprisingly a delight to smoke. Would buy again. Burned well and even."
Camacho Criollo,5 out of 5,One of my favorites,"This is a go to cigar for me. Not too strong, yet a spicy cigar with tons of flavor. One of my favorites!"
Camacho Criollo,2 out of 5,Jekyll and Hyde,Flavor profile was good. The wrapper cracked and separated from the cigar. Would not stay lit and eventually burned on only one side of the stick. With the flavor I may try another may not.
Camacho Criollo,3 out of 5,"Great cigar, poor wrapping!","I have had this cigar before and it is one of my favorites. This pack of 5 however had loose wrapping that came apart on all five cigars. It was as if they were dried out, but they weren't hard. Flavor was still great, but the pull was affected from the loose wrapping."
Camacho Criollo,5 out of 5,Camacho Machitos Connecticut,Smooth and highly recommended!
Camacho Criollo,3 out of 5,Unremarkable.,"This cigar was good, not great. A fair value for the money. A good ""every day"" smoke."
Camacho Criollo,4 out of 5,Love these things!,Great Smoke! The taste is there and burns almost evenly. just wished that the Churchill lasted longer than the other sizes but are about the same with burn time.
Camacho Criollo,5 out of 5,Never a Disappointment with Camacho,These are great. Get and smoke anything that Camacho puts on the market.
Camacho Criollo,5 out of 5,Perfect Choice for the Party,"I love Camacho cigars, so I grabbed these to pass out after I got married. They were perfect to hand out because of their mild taste and those who were not smokers could still join in and have fun. I HIGHLY recommend these, and anything else that Camacho puts out."
Camacho Criollo,5 out of 5,Great with Espresso.,This cigar is perfect with either a dark roast coffee or Espresso. Burn and construction excellent.
Camacho Criollo,4 out of 5,"Good cigar, burns quicker than","Good cigar, burns quicker than anticipated."
Camacho Criollo,5 out of 5,Great cigars! Great deal!,"You really can't go wrong with Camacho and CI. Not only do you get to enjoy a tasty, premium smoke, you get to do it without going poor! Thanks CI !!!"
Camacho Criollo,5 out of 5,Execelent!!,Just an excelent Cigar!
Camacho Criollo,1 out of 5,Terrible 1st bad exp,"For the first time i wouldnt recommend a reorder. Cigars cracked upon cutting w cutter, and they wwould not stay lit or draw very well. Couldnt finish one of the five i had ended up throwing them away after try to smoke each one. Garbage"
Camacho Criollo,5 out of 5,great cigars at a great price,Bought 3 boxes for my daughters wedding. Came in on time and were a huge success.
Camacho Criollo,4 out of 5,A quick smoke,When I don't have time to smoke a full cigar I reach for these sweet little things. A 15 minute smoke with full flavor is always a enjoyable break.
Camacho Criollo,5 out of 5,David,"First stick was great. Second, ok. Going to sit on the remainder for a while and see what happens. As always, the customer service was excellent and will keep me a customer of CI."
Camacho Criollo,5 out of 5,One worth stocking,"Great tasting and smooth smoke! The spice isnt overbearing and leaves a great aftertaste. Mixes well with local brewers belgain too! Also, Id like to add that CI had extremely fast shipping especially since I could choose one carrier over the other allowing these sticks to maintain their freshness (not a one falling apart)."
Camacho Criollo,4 out of 5,Go to stick,"No matter what you are doing this cigar should be part, from golf to having relaxing drink on the patio. Smooth draw, great ash, and the same great taste down to the nub."
Camacho Criollo,5 out of 5,A new favorite,"I received a couple of these in an outstanding sampler CI put together, and it is my new favorite cigar! Delicious, medium-bodied, lots of cool smoke in a slow, even burn. Speaking of which, I about burned my fingers smoking it down to the very nub.
I just wish I could afford a box!"
Camacho Diploma Black Special Selection,5 out of 5,Amazing,One of the best cigars I have ever smoked.
Camacho Ditka Game Time,5 out of 5,Da Coach has returned,Had this cigar over the weekend. Great smoke from start to finish. One of the best Camacho has to offer.
Camacho Ditka Game Time,5 out of 5,Going to miss this one!,It's a shame you no longer available. Actually a very good cigar. Draws easy...... medium to full body clean tobacco flavor with a hint of spice on the tongue. A good 45 minute to an hour smoke. Great from lit to end!!
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,My first Camacho.,I have been missing out. Nice.
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Camacho never disappoints. Outstanding cigar,Camacho never disappoints. Outstanding cigar
Camacho Ecuador,3 out of 5,It was an ok burning,It was an ok burning cigar. Not big on this flavor for comacho
Camacho Ecuador,4 out of 5,Great cigar. Very strong,Great cigar. Very strong
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Camacho Ecuador,Nice slow burning cigar.
Camacho Ecuador,3 out of 5,So So,Another palate non exciter. Goid draw though.
Camacho Ecuador,4 out of 5,Nice flavor... well made,Nice flavor... well made
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Long lasting. Great price and great roll
Camacho Ecuador,4 out of 5,Quick,A nice quick smoke.
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,Excellent smoke
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Great 10-pack and awesome price!,"Haven’t found an Alec Bradley I haven’t liked yet, and another nice Camacho with the Ecuador makes for one delicious 10-pack! Fresh upon receiving and great service as always from CI!!"
Camacho Ecuador,4 out of 5,Favorite brand,I like milder blends like Connecticut and Corillo but Camacho is so tasty everyone should be pleased.
Camacho Ecuador,3 out of 5,Good overall,First third was good. Will try a few more to provide a more accurate review.
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Excellent Smoke,My favorite from the Camacho line.. burns even and is strong flavored like I like them.
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Very good but burn was a little off.,Great flavor. Medium to full body and strength. But the burn was a little work. But nothing too bad.
Camacho Ecuador,4 out of 5,Always a good smoke,Always a good smoke
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,One of my favs,"Good consistent burn, smooth flavor, not to dark not to light. Good nicotine buzz. Will buy again."
Camacho Ecuador,4 out of 5,The carpenters review of the Camacho..,The Camacho caught me offguard. It was like buying a foreclosed house to find out all the plumbing was piped in copper. Nice medium to full flavored cigar. But not as peppery as the sandwich my wife packed me and my lunchbox yesterday. I give it 🔨🔨🔨🔨 out of five hammers.
Camacho Ecuador,3 out of 5,Camacho,Not like the taste that much
Camacho Ecuador,3 out of 5,A little to much,I know a lot of people like these but they have a lot of strong flavors for me it's a little to much
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Love at First Puff,"It was love at first draw. A wonderful stick, i had been dying to try this since i heard so much about them. I got a 5 pack of them and was sad and depressed when they were gone. But either way a good even burn, great smoke, and over all wonderful experience. Needless to say i plan on adding a box to my humidor soon."
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Excelent choice,Smooth!!!
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Sampler Satisfaction,"I've been wanting to try these for some time, so I'm glad this sampler deal came along. These feel great in my hand, firm, but still have an excellent draw. The burn is consistently even, and there is plenty of rich smoke. Makes for a very nice cigar moment."
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Great Smoke. Reasonable Price.
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Good smoke,These were great sticks at a good price.
Camacho Ecuador,4 out of 5,Camacho Camacho,I have learned that certain houses have a golden touch. Camacho is one of those. Everything they touch is golden.
Camacho Ecuador,4 out of 5,👍🏼,I received a sampler of camocho they were all excellent I also I also bought a box of liberty 2017 what a great singer I would recommend these tomatoes to anybody!!
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Great deal,Easy smoke at a great price
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,One of my favorites,"This is the first Camacho I ever smoked, and I fell in love. Wonderful flavor, perfect draw every hit, and just all around awesome. Behind the Hamlet Tabaquero, this is my new go to smoke."
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Awesome,This are really good cigars I will definitely buy it again really amazing deal
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Great smokes!,These Camacho cigars smoke very nice. They have great flavor and burn neatly.
Camacho Ecuador,3 out of 5,Not bad,Not bad
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Not a bad stick,Not a bad stick
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Perfect,I love Camacho cigars and this deal was no exception have already smoked half and all perfect.
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Just plain good,Just plain good
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Never disappoints!,"I have tried several Camacho sticks and like them, this one is no different. Great flavor and burn."
Camacho Ecuador,4 out of 5,Awesome cigar!,Great smoke everytime!
Camacho Ecuador,4 out of 5,Camacho Ecuador,A good medium bodied smoke. Good construction. Long burn time. And good smooth flavor.
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Great cigar,These cigars are so smooth and are just full of flavor. They need to put them on sale more often.
Camacho Ecuador,4 out of 5,Good smoke. Even burn. I,Good smoke. Even burn. I would do this over and over.
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Camacho Ecuador,"This is a good medium bodied cigar. It pairs well with coffee. It always has a even burn, smooth draw and has a nice taste of coffee and chocolate. Camacho is one of my favorite brands and this one is among the top choices!"
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Excellent Smokes,"Not my size, but smokes great."
Camacho Ecuador,4 out of 5,Camacho,Smooth for the most part. A little harsh at the end.
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,I bought these for my,"I bought these for my husband. He said, they were really good."". He rated them a 5."
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Camacho,Slightly stronger than I anticipated however a very flavorful stick with slight changes in flavor as you get through it.
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Camacho equador,I love these cigars. Smooth and spicy at a good price. I always keep at least a few in the humidor
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar to enjoy after a long day. Plan to get more.
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Camacho Ecuador Robusto,This is the first time I ordered Camachos. A lot of people have been saying it was a good cigar. It did not disappoint. Burned evenly and had a great flavor
Camacho Ecuador BXP,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Camacho Hard Charger LE 2018,5 out of 5,Wouldn't expect anything less from,"Wouldn't expect anything less from Camacho! The liberty series is my favorite, these guys are right behind it!"
Camacho Hard Charger LE 2018,5 out of 5,The Hard Charger,One of my favorite smokes. Burns consistent with flavor From start to finish. CI continues to be leader in on-line cigar orders. Stick always arrive quickly and fresh.
Camacho Hard Charger LE 2018,5 out of 5,Great cigars and an awesome,Great cigars and an awesome knife. They burn good and a nice flavor.
Camacho Hard Charger LE 2018,5 out of 5,Outstanding cigar and great knife!,"Whoa!Just got a box of 20 on weekly special and what a deal.These are classic Camacho as far as construction,draw,and burn time,full complex flavor,but medium to full body.First inch or two is a clean pepper blast after that the ride begins-the pepper goes away and in comes a swirl of meatiness,earth,and good flavors start dancing around-2/3 gone and I haven't stopped smiling-now the power of this stick is creeping up on me and it's too late!My pride won't ,let me quit!Wheww!Strong clean pepper comes back on the last 1/3,and at this point I'm barely handling the retrohale yes,I'm sipping it at this point because of the final pepper assault which was not harsh or green but powerful nonetheless.I date this cigar 5/5 in all areas of performance.This cigar was named ""Hardcharger""after the U.S.M.C.in which I proudly served.The pocket knife that came with the special is a solid knife and razor sharp.Thanks C.I.as always,Semper Fi!!Goodnight Chesty Puller wherever you are!"
Camacho Imperial Stout,5 out of 5,A beautiful smoke,"A great cigar, probably the best of Camacho's Barrel Aged cigars. A nice medium to bold balance."
Camacho Imperial Stout,5 out of 5,Out of the park!,Hands down one of the best smokes Ive had. Perfect razor sharp burn and an endless amount of flavors.
Camacho Machitos,4 out of 5,Cap crumble d while smoking.,Cap crumble d while smoking. Great flavor.
Camacho Machitos,5 out of 5,Nice vacation cigars,I alway buy these for vacation when I know there won’t be too many places to smoke. The flavor is good and full. It’s a fairly quick smoke and it doesn’t billow in smoke when you sneak a smoke on the balcony of a cruise ship.
Camacho Machitos,5 out of 5,Camacho,"Great little cigars for walking around town or walking the dog, awesome Cigar . I love this brand ."
Camacho Machitos,5 out of 5,Nice smooth with a twang,Nice smooth with a twang
Camacho Machitos,5 out of 5,Camacho is top dog,"Any style of camacho I buy is awesome, these little guys are perfect for a puff or 2 if you are not looking for a long time engagement with a big boy. Maybe the perfect ""shot and a beer cigar""."
Camacho Machitos,4 out of 5,"small tasty cigar, burns quick","small tasty cigar, burns quick but not hot, lots of smoke"
Camacho Machitos,3 out of 5,To fast burn,Burned to fast. To loosely wrapped. Taste was ok. Not even close to Cohiba
Camacho Machitos,5 out of 5,Camacho Machitos Connecticut,Smooth and highly recommended!
Camacho Machitos,3 out of 5,Camacho Machitos-Corojo,"Good smoke, however about half way through they burn a little hot."
Camacho Machitos,5 out of 5,Camacho Machitos Connecticut,Smooth fine and 5 star!
Camacho Machitos,4 out of 5,"Good cigar, burns quicker than","Good cigar, burns quicker than anticipated."
Camacho Machitos,5 out of 5,judge me by my size do you?,i love the Connecticut. this is meant to have that smoke with the same flavor and feeling of a normal cigar in a fraction of the time and this is exactly what the doctor ordered..
Camacho Machitos,5 out of 5,Perfect smoke for those quick,Perfect smoke for those quick moments
Camacho Machitos,4 out of 5,A quick smoke,When I don't have time to smoke a full cigar I reach for these sweet little things. A 15 minute smoke with full flavor is always a enjoyable break.
Camacho Machitos,5 out of 5,Great Deal,"Nice for a quick, quality smoke in the winter months. Love the tin."
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Thourghly enjoyed them. Nice smoke
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,5 out of 5,By far my new favorite cigar !,"I strongly recommend this cigar. Now is the #1 in my humidor. Great flavor, Great burn, I enjoy a lot to smoke this."
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,4 out of 5,TOP 5 FAV,"BOLD, COMPLEX, GREAT TASTE, ALWAYS A STICK IN MY HUMIDOR"
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,4 out of 5,Great Stick,"Very Nice, This is a awesome stick. My new favorite."
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,5 out of 5,Go To,"nice to find your go to stick, lets just hope they keep making them"
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,5 out of 5,Best pairing,The pair of rum barrels and a fine stick are like heaven. Nice to of found my go to stick. Please don’t stop making these
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,5 out of 5,Love these full flavored sticks,Love these full flavored sticks
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,5 out of 5,Amazing,My new favorite
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,5 out of 5,Very Nice Smoke,"Nice morning cigar mild to medium smoke, creamy cinnamon bun flavor with nuanance of vanilla on the finish."
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Enjoyed
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,5 out of 5,Camacho Barrel Aged,"I haven't tried them yet. They are resting in my humidor, and I will get to them in the spring. The construction is flawless, that much I can tell you."
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,5 out of 5,Tasty yet subtle,Very similar to the Camacho Corojo. The rum aging comes through without overpowering. Great flavor & smoke that you'd expect from Camacho.
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,5 out of 5,New Camacho Rum,"Quality as expected, smooth as expected, not quite as strong as the Camacho Bourbon cigars. A++++ Always a pleasure to sit down to a Camacho of any kind."
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,5 out of 5,Camacho At Its Best,"These are full-bodied smokes, even a bit stronger than the usual Camacho."
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,5 out of 5,Very good also delicious the,Very good also delicious the american BBL aged Camacho.
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,2 out of 5,Disappointing.,While very well constructed and simply a pretty cigar. They just don’t hit the taste buds like I’d like. Would not buy again.
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,4 out of 5,Can a cigar be described,"Can a cigar be described as having a ""smoky"" taste? Well That is what I got out of this sample. Very nice full body."
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,3 out of 5,camacho,"Harsh. For me, it is a ""yard gar"""
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,4 out of 5,Another great Camacho,"Flavorful and complex profile, razor sharp burn, and modern presentation make this a regular stick in my humidor."
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,5 out of 5,CAMACHO,"Camacho usually is a quality smoke. This one goes above their norm. Tastes like a full flavor, breathes much easier. This fella doesn’t overwhelm the senses or palate. Great smoke all the way through!"
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,3 out of 5,so/so smoke,"For all the BOLD branding, this was a very milquetoast cigar. Not medium-full by any stretch, and no real development from start to finish. Although I did get a hint of the rum on the nose, I failed to detect any influence of the rum barrel aging in the flavor. No offensive flavors or anything, but again just a rather nondescript experience. One or two of them started to tunnel at the very end, but otherwise construction was fine. I didn't love it, didn't hate it, really 2.5 stars would be most appropriate for this review. If this was a survey, and the statement was ""this was a good cigar"" I would select ""neither agree nor disagree."" I've always wondered why that option was available on surveys, but I think I've finally found a use for it."
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,4 out of 5,Quick throat punch,This little cigar I have found to be like a flyweight boxer...punches a quick punch and then decently smooth. Really decent smoke for the $$$
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,5 out of 5,Good smoke. Nice flavor,Good smoke. Nice flavor
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke smooth burn,Excellent smoke smooth burn
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,4 out of 5,Great Cigar,Nice smoke. I'm no person to rate cigars but this one had a nice flavor and good draw all the way to the end.
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,5 out of 5,Great smoke,The barrel aged Camacho had a smooth even smoke with right balance of flavor. Will purchase again
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,5 out of 5,Camacho rum aged,what an awesome cigar. Not to bad in price. Great flavor. Great pull. Would love to buy them again.
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,5 out of 5,Great taste,Very good cigar. Flavor was exceptional and the burn was perfect.
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,3 out of 5,Ok,Ok
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,5 out of 5,Well made cigar,"Buy this cigar. Key to any cigar is the draw. Excellent draw, beautiful wrapper, delicious medium-full flavor."
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,5 out of 5,Buy this cigar,"Easy draw, excellent flavor. Read all internet reviews -- this cigar is well appreciated. I'm buying a box of 20 robustos."
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,5 out of 5,The Best Barrel Aged Cigar!!!,"This is without a doubt, one of the most flavorful cigars I have ever had the pleasure of smoking. I bought a 5-pack of the 6x60 Gordo, and in this particular size, you get an extremely rich smoke. The smoke is very creamy & has a somewhat buttery note & texture to it as well. You get lots of nice oak & sweet nutty flavors, as well as a distinct rum note from the barrel aging. The construction is excellent, & as I have seen with other Camacho blends in this size, the draw is very light & easy. This is definitely a cigar you want to keep in your humidor!"
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,5 out of 5,Another homerun by Camacho!!,"I believe this is the most unique and complex cigar I’ve ever smoked and that’s a compliment. It’s got a smooth cool draw,burns evenly and is loaded with flavors. The taste of the spice,oak and sweet flavors are very noticeable. For me the NBA is at the top of my favorites beside the Camacho ABA & powerband. Camacho has become one of my favorite cigar brands."
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Smooth taste. Great roll and burn. Terrific flavor to the nub. Love this smoke.
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Great cigars and service,These cigars are great and the service from CI was great as usual. They got here quick and were perfect. I will be ordering more in the near future.
Camacho Powerband,3 out of 5,Good smoke but had to,Good smoke but had to constantly relight.
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Smokes great,"Very smooth all the way through. One of my favorite smokes. I haven't smoked a lot of Camacho's, but this smoke ticked a lot of boxes for me. Great draw, consistent and well flavored smoke after smoke. It burns a little fast, but overall something I'd smoke again and again. The CI price & shipping was fantastic and overall made this a great purchase."
Camacho Powerband,4 out of 5,Bought a box for $80,Great deal at that price! I wouldn't pay MSRP or close though. All 20 had perfect draws.
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Lil spicy but awesome smoke,Lil spicy but awesome smoke
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Put them on sale again.,Great cigar
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Camacho powerband,"Nice smoke, even, tasteful"
Camacho Powerband,3 out of 5,Camacho,It’s an okay smoke
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Camacho Powerband,"Great cigar, fast delivery, very happy.. For anyone who enjoys a well balanced, strong cigar, this is for you. Always consistent in flavor and strength, you will not be disappointed."
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Camacho Triple Maduro,"Just a great cigar ! CI as always was quick and easy to deal with. Highly recommend both cigar and supplier !
Thanks CI"
Camacho Powerband,4 out of 5,Enjoyable,Enjoyable
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Fabulous stick!,Fabulous smoke. Nice draw and great full bodied flavor. Hope these are featured again on sale.
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Nothing's perfect...or is it?,"Rarely give out 5 stars as that means perfect, right? No such thing as perfect. Everything can be improved. Although I'm not sure that pertains to Powerband. When Camacho started making these a few years ago, they were a curiosity in the MasterBuilt series. Slowly, surely, Camacho has perfected them. The burn is impeccable. The draw is exemplary. The flavors are amazing enough that no drink needs to be used for pairing. (Still, have a Glen Livet with them...you'll be glad you did.) If I could have a 10$/stick as a daily, it'd be this one."
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Powerband,My number 1 .....Great cigar
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Very robust and smooth draw.,Very robust and smooth draw. Enjoyable flavor.
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Flavor Bomb,"Just ordered a box. If they are as good as they were, when the released a few years ago, I will be pleased. I remember a nice medium strength, semi-complex, slow burning flavor bomb. It just felt good in your hand and tasted refined. Probably my favorite of the 'new' Camachos."
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Camacho Cigar,Enjoyable good aroma no bitter taste.
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Camacho Powerband,Very good stick. Smooth and stout. Will buy again.
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Big & Bold!,"Better like a strong cigar, cuz this is Camacho Macho Man!"
Camacho Powerband,4 out of 5,Camacho,Absolutey the best flavor roll start to finish. Slow and smooth burn every time.
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,powerband,very nice cigar but it has to be aged at least 6 months
Camacho Powerband,4 out of 5,well made robust cigar,"it tastes like a real cigar, strong, powerful and always good."
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Good smoke,"Construction is great, flavor is off the hook. On sale it's a winner. As much as I like this smoke, I can't afford to buy them unless they're on sale."
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Camacho Powerband,The Powerband Robusto has a lot of spice and full flavor. Good cigar for late in the day or evening.
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,very good,very good
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Camacho Powerband toro,Great constructed even burn flavorful cigar will buy it again
Camacho Powerband,4 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Camacho,"Good cigar, burns evenly"
Camacho Powerband,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
Camacho Powerband,4 out of 5,Great smoke.,I have never had a bad Camacho. Great smoke.
Camacho Powerband,4 out of 5,Powerband,"While the Power Band is a terrific smoke with lots of coffee and spice, it still has a way to go to be a memorable as my favorite the Camacho 11/18. The Powerband is a terrific evening cigar and both the Powerband and the 11/18 do go very well with a craft imperial stout brew.
The Powerband is a quality and well made smoke, that I highly recommend, I just like the 11/18 even more."
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Awesome,Camacho never disappoints ! Another hit
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Good,Good
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Perfect,Can’t ever go wrong with a Camacho
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Thumbs up,"The Power band is well constructed and tastes great. It's a fuller body cigar, only drawback is they burn faster than I like."
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Camacho,Great Cigar at an amazing price.
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,great cigar- flavors change as you smoke- perfect draw,"The perfect draw, best of any cigar outside of Cuba. Closet cigar to a real Cuban you can get from the strength to the construction to the flavor change throughout and consistency of each stick. Worth every cent!"
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Great Smoke..,"Burned with no issues, smooth with notes of coffee, cocoa powder and to me, hints of citrus with a little cream on the retrohale. First Camacho for me but wont be my last."
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Camacho Powerband Robusto,"Camacho Powerband Robusto is a cigar that can compete with a lot of highly rated cigars . It had a long ash , smooth smoke a pleasure to smoke ."
Camacho Powerband,3 out of 5,Everyday smoke,"Not too strong, very smooth, and a nice everyday smoke."
Camacho Powerband,4 out of 5,Camacho Power band,"Stonger than I usually smoke, but good flavor, burns good."
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Great cigars,"I have really enjoyed these cigars. Smooth draw, good construction, medium to full strength. I would buy again."
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Camacho Powerbands,"Good Light, even burn through out, will stay lit and has a earthy and sweet taste. let them sit in the humidor awy and they are a bold grest smoke, especially with a good scotch or bourbon."
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Camacho Powerband,"Good tasting, smooth cigar! Try a box today!"
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,great cigar- flavors change as you smoke- perfect draw,"due to the rolling process, this burns perfectly every time. I enjoy the drastic changes I experience while I burn through the Powerband. This is far from a boring smoke and one of the best cigars I keep in my humidor. These aren't cheap buddy sticks but well worth every cent when you want a high quality cigar."
Camacho Powerband,4 out of 5,Good not great,"Good flavored cigar with great body. Not my favorite cigar, so they have been spending more time in my humidor, but they are enjoyable."
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Awesome,Excellent flavor bomb
Camacho Powerband,4 out of 5,Camacho,Camacho does not disappoint.
Camacho Scorpion Connecticut,4 out of 5,Great mid level smoke,These are a great mild smoke. Good construction. Good price. Mild flavor makes for a good everyday cigar.
Camacho Scorpion Connecticut,5 out of 5,Smooth,Tasty smooth smoke. Enjoyable with a nice coffee in the morning
Camacho Scorpion Connecticut,5 out of 5,I first tired these cigars,I first tired these cigars when I ordered a sampler pack and have been happy with them ever since
Camacho Scorpion Connecticut,4 out of 5,My golfing cigar,This is the scar I take out on the course with me every time. A white delicious smoke enjoy the fresh air.
Camacho Scorpion Connecticut,4 out of 5,Scorpion,Was a great little smoke light to medium burns good good finish little quick on the Robusto
Camacho Scorpion Connecticut,5 out of 5,What a great cigar,"Awesome cigar, great burn, full of flavor... Great bang for the buck! Will be ordering more! Thanks for the suggestion!"
Camacho Scorpion Connecticut,4 out of 5,A great budget find!,"These cigars are money. They are so mellow, with almost a slight hint of honey (credit to my gf for picking that out!), and unlike what I sometimes find with lighter-wrapper cigars, there is nothing offensive about these whatsoever.
I’m burning my fourth stick as I write this (first review ever) (5”/50 robusto), and this one like each of the three before it burns beautifully—perfectly even, and with a tight, light grey ash. These cigars have surprised me with their well done and consistent construction. And their smoke, too, is thick and rich.
Definitely getting a box of these so I always have them in stock. And looking forward to trying the darker Scorpion cigar, too."
Camacho Scorpion Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great choice,"The first scorpion cigar I have ever smoked and was mildly impressed. Well made, even burn with no touch up needed, nice mild to medium taste, and perfect draw. I knew they would be good being made by Camacho but never dreamed they would be this good! A great premium cigar any smoker will enjoy. Try one and you will like it, guaranteed!!"
Camacho Scorpion Connecticut,5 out of 5,"Love this cigar, nice notes,","Love this cigar, nice notes, very smooth great even burn..."
Camacho Scorpion Connecticut,4 out of 5,Great smokes,Great smokes
Camacho Scorpion Connecticut,5 out of 5,My happy place,It's bitter sweet to burn something so perfect !
Camacho Scorpion Connecticut,5 out of 5,Smoooth,"Well made, burns well a very smooooth smoke."
Camacho Scorpion Connecticut,5 out of 5,delicious,great cigar
Camacho Scorpion Connecticut,5 out of 5,Top Drawer Smoke,If you like big ring gauge cigars like I do you need to try Camacho's Scorpion. One heck of a great smooth smoke in a 70 gauge size.
Camacho Scorpion Connecticut,5 out of 5,:),I like the Scorpions.
Camacho Scorpion Connecticut,5 out of 5,Very solid medium cigar.,"This cigar has a smooth and clean taste, good tobacco without being overly complex. It is a welcome respite from my preference of full-bodied smokes that does not leave feeling I have just air/paper."
Camacho Scorpion Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good mild smoke. Even burn. Great price for a Camacho cigar.
Camacho Scorpion Connecticut,4 out of 5,Scorpion,Great smoke! Good go to cigar!
Camacho Scorpion Connecticut,5 out of 5,Super buy,Super buy
Camacho Scorpion Connecticut,4 out of 5,Medium smoke with a pepper,Medium smoke with a pepper taste. Good!
Camacho Scorpion Connecticut,5 out of 5,Very smooth cigar.,"Loved them, I need more. Can you help me out with this?"
Camacho Scorpion Fumas Connecticut,5 out of 5,"Great smoke, mild with a","Great smoke, mild with a nice finish."
Camacho Scorpion Fumas Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great stick,Smooth and flavorful.
Camacho Scorpion Fumas Connecticut,3 out of 5,Not too bad,"Not too bad for the money. It is a little milder than I like, but I bought Connecticut so that was to be expected. The burn is even and the draw and flavor remained the same the whole time."
Camacho Scorpion Fumas Sun Grown,4 out of 5,JTH,Camacho never disappoints. Will definitely buy again.
Camacho Scorpion Fumas Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Thanks,Thanks
Camacho Scorpion Fumas Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Great stick,"A little stronger, but very tolerable, in this smaller size."
Camacho Scorpion Fumas Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Almost Cubans,Good taste. Burn even. Great smoke!
Camacho Scorpion Fumas Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Great,Decent cigar for the price for sure.
Camacho Scorpion Fumas Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Scorpion,Great smoke good price
Camacho Scorpion Fumas Sun Grown,4 out of 5,good daily smoke,Like camacho brand. This cheapie was great for the price.
Camacho Scorpion Fumas Sun Grown,3 out of 5,Far off from Scorpion Sun Grown,The pull is the same ( Which is very good) but the flavor is far off. I cant advise on an everyday cigar because I normally use the Scorpion Sungrown for an everyday Cigar. I rather spend the extra money for way better taste. If you are on a budget then yes buy the Fumas otherwise wouldnt recommend.
Camacho Scorpion Fumas Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Didn't get bit,great smoke very enjoyable
Camacho Scorpion Fumas Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Go ahead it's a pleasent smoke.,"Looks good rolled, firm, make sure you poke it with toothpick, little bit tight puff . Burns even, with corrections here and there. Not big on a flavors, greenish tabacco flavor but it's not overwhelming, and some light roast flavors. Light to Medium strength. It's not bad for fumas series. No harsh aftertaste which is good. Yeah if you want inexpensive stick, this is good. Cigar that I smoke just arrived, so hopefully they will progress in humidor. Don't expect too much it's a still fumas serious, but still better then some avarage cigars."
Camacho Scorpion Sun Grown,5 out of 5,nice,nice
Camacho Scorpion Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Good Flavor,"Good medium cigar
Taste good thru whole smoke"
Camacho Scorpion Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Good mild cigar,Good mild cigar
Camacho Scorpion Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Great Cigars,I like fat cigars. They are flavorful and this one delivers the taste and enjoyment of smoking cigars.
Camacho Scorpion Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Solid smoke,"These cigars are consistently well rolled, easy to light and enjoyable to smoke. My go to for daily smoking."
Camacho Scorpion Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Camacho scores again!,"Camacho always produces a great cigar, this one doesn't disappoint. Great value, flavor & burn."
Camacho Scorpion Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Camacho scores again!,Another great stick from Camacho! Good burn & flavor. Will definitely buy again.
Camacho Scorpion Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Camacho Scorpion Sungrown,Great cigars at a great price coming from a great company! Large amounts of smoke and flavor. This stick has kept me wanting to go light another every time I’ve smoked one!
Camacho Scorpion Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Take time to enjoy.,This is not a lightweight cigar. I made the mistake of trying one two days after 2 day shipping. All I could taste was the chocolate notes. Waited two more days and this has become a favorite.
Camacho Scorpion Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Another great smoke.,Camacho does it again!
Camacho Scorpion Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Camacho Does it Again!!!,Great stick for the value! Great everyday smoke!
Camacho Scorpion Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Wonderfuly smooth,Wonderfuly smooth
Camacho Scorpion Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Nice cigar...good smoke,Nice cigar...good smoke
Camacho Scorpion Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Camacho has another winner!,I am a big fan of Camacho Cigars. That being said I couldn't wait to order and try this new edition to their line up. Very nice aroma. medium strength with bold tastes. Very good wrapper with an even burn. Burn time is about an hour and a half long by my smoking habits.
Camacho Scorpion Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Camacho Scorpion,"Well constructed, tasty gem."
Camacho Scorpion Sun Grown,4 out of 5,late review,"awesome cigar, gonna try the scorpion connecticut next...but only one down side, limited sizes, i like the 7’ by 50 ring guage style. other than that, look’n forward to my next batch."
Camacho Scorpion Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Ashton VSG penny pincher,Almost as great as an Ashton VSG and not as hard on the wallet. A great cigar. I will be smoking thesis again.
Camacho Scorpion Sweet Tip,5 out of 5,Nice Sweet Tip,VERY tasty cigar! I will be buying again!
Camacho Scorpion Sweet Tip,5 out of 5,Satisfied,Good smoke
Camacho Scorpion Sweet Tip,5 out of 5,Enjoyable,Mild and smooth. I can stop trying out others for awhile.
Camacho Scorpion Sweet Tip,5 out of 5,SMOOTH,Nice smooth cigar!
Camacho Scorpion Sweet Tip,5 out of 5,Great smoke,One of the most satisfying blends of flavor.
Camacho Scorpion Sweet Tip,5 out of 5,Sweet smoke.....,"Very nice, well balanced cigar. The tip is not too sweet, gives a great taste to an already great cigar."
Camacho The Original Diploma,5 out of 5,Excellent,"I bought these on a whim. When they arrived, I could not believe the packaging. Whoever designed this box with the coffins deserves a metal. The first one that I smoked did not disappoint – smoked it right down to the nub (which to me defines the best cigars). I immediately ordered a second box. So far I have smoked 4 and given several away (Reviews from others have all been the same – excellent). My experience has been consistent – even burn, easy draw (even using a punch), great flavor – glad I ordered a second box. This is one to remember."
Camacho The Original Diploma,5 out of 5,Some of the best in presentation.,Wow stunning box. Probably the best packaging I have ever seen in a cigar. Something to really impress people that smoke cigars. Nice really nice.
Camacho The Original Diploma,5 out of 5,Extravagence squared.,Wow never saw such a majestic cigar box. You’ll impress anyone who looks at this jewel. The cigars come in individual cedar lined caskets and the cigars are very smooth and burn beautifully. Just ordered another box cause the family is already arguing who’s gonna get the box. Very impressive. Two thumbs up
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar.,Very strong and robust and one of my favorites cigars.
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Camacho always delivers,"Hands down, the best cigar from Camacho's standard line. Great flavor with an amazing burn. The only flaw is that it no longer has the old packaging."
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Camacho Black,Fantastic Robusto flavor!
Camacho Triple Maduro,4 out of 5,Solid Smoke,Nice earth and chocolate present building in strength throughout. A little tight on the draw but not terrible. Perfect ash to the end. Quality smoke. Yet another great buy from Camacho.
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Camacho Triple Maduro,"Love them. The smoothest, almost sweet, Maduro I have had. Just wish they were a little less expensive and I would be smoking more."
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Comancho incredible value,do not miss this !!!!
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Tripple Maduro,Great cigar at a great price
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,The best,I'm a big fan of Camacho and this one did not let me down good burn and very smooth. You have to try these.
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent,Very good
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Bold & Smooth,"Great smoke, burns evenly most of the times. I have been enjoying the Triple Maduro since it came out."
Camacho Triple Maduro,4 out of 5,Triple Maduro,A lot sweeter than I expected and yet very smooth
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Awesome smoke,"I enjoyed this cigar a lot definitely buy some more
Thank you C.I. for the amazing prices and cigars
Thank you"
Camacho Triple Maduro,4 out of 5,Good,Good
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Very Nice,nice
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Great with whiskey!,Great with whiskey!
Camacho Triple Maduro,4 out of 5,Value for the money and,Value for the money and just the right size for me.
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Camacho rocks,I love Camacho. Their cigars are always a treat. I wish they would be on sale more often. Hahaha Keep em coming
Camacho Triple Maduro,4 out of 5,"Excellent flavor, good draw","Excellent flavor, good draw"
Camacho Triple Maduro,3 out of 5,Thanks,Thanks
Camacho Triple Maduro,4 out of 5,Great Cigar,Really nice smoke. Perfect burn.
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Camacho Trippel Madero,Outstanding fully body cigar.
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Best smoke!!,Can't be beat! Always a favorite!
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Unbeatable price on an equally unbeatable cigar,Ci has done it yet again with this amazing deal. Searching stores nationwide for who knows how long I was just about to give up when I ran across this deal. BAM!!! I HIT THE PURCHASE BUTTON QUICK LIKE AND IN A HURRY. Comacho has made the perfect triple Maduro cigar in the form of this gem. I could give you what I taste when I smoke one but instead why not get one and try it!!!
Camacho Triple Maduro,4 out of 5,Steel and Strong,"Very nice dark smoke,
Had a lovely even burn, no pepper spots throughout.
Although very strong steal taste to it."
Camacho Triple Maduro,4 out of 5,Camacho triple maduro,Very dark robust smoke. Strongest flavor I got from it was steel and very powerful that flavor was
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,(Camacho triplemaduro6 60,Great cigar
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke,These cigars are excellent smokes real full flavored.
Camacho Triple Maduro,3 out of 5,Average,Average
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,One of my favorites,This is an excellent cigar. It is smooth and powerful without bieng overpowering. If I had the money I would smoke this everyday. Haven't had anything quite like this one. Definitely in my top 5.
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Distinguish,"Do you want a different type of somke; this Camacho Triple Maduro is the one! Strong taste, complex, earthy, very spicy, very aromatic and some times some fruity notes.
You need to be mentally and physically ready and yiu need to be used to full bodied Maduro tastes before you smoke this cigar as it is really strong. Make sure you smoke it after a heavy dinner to enjoy it the most. Great cigat indeed!"
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Awesome stick,Awesome stick
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Worth every penny!,"Amazing full flavor that you would expect out of a Maduro. Does not overpower or have the harsh pepper notes that some Maduro cigars have. I'd highly recommend this cigar, and all Camacho cigars."
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Great!,"Great cigars. I remember when Camacho's were cheaper, a lot cheaper, and badly made, yet I still smoked them. Excellent flavor as always, much better construction."
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Stunning Stick!,What a great smoke! Full flavor with length and depth!
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,One of my favorite cigars.,One of my favorite cigars. Filled with flavor and bold.
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Score this one high,"This has been a terrific find, and thank you Cigar Of The Month club. If I had not been a member I would have never found my favorite smoke. I have always lived maduros and this one tops the chart"
Camacho Triple Maduro,3 out of 5,Good but not great,"I recently purchased a 5 pack of the Camacho Triple Maduro and on the strength of one cigar I think this is a good cigar; it 's just not a great cigar. Its got all the hallmarks of a great cigar-great construction, cool, even draw, even burn. and good ash. It's just not a flavor bomb. There's a hint of sourness throughout the smoke but I diminishes towards the end. I'm hoping (and believe) a couple of months in the humidor might elevate to a 4 tar rating."
Camacho Triple Maduro,4 out of 5,Yummy,I liked this one but it was a gift for a friend and he likes these because they are real robust but I felt as though they were a little too bold for me
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Worth Every Penny,Full flavor that is very smooth and tasty. This is my favorite maduro stogey and one of my favorite smokes period!
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,"rich flavor, smooth smoke","the rich flavor is full, tasty and smooth. the cigar is well packed and wrapped, one of the best smokes regardless of price"
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent condition and very fast,Excellent condition and very fast delivery
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Reliable Camacho goodness,"You just can't go wrong with Camacho. Have been smoking these for a couple years, and they are always spot on.
Great draw, good burn, and the flavor is fantastic. Ci is the best price, and shipping of course is always great."
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,"Too much, too late",Bought these (special request )for a fine Marine on leave over Christmas. Delivery was too late. Too dark for my taste but will stay in my humidor until he gets back to a garrison life.
Camacho Triple Maduro,3 out of 5,Decent smoke,"I was very excited to try these since I love Maduro wrappers. Not finding any with more than a double wrapper I was excited to get my lips around a triple maduro wrapper. My expectations were greater than what these turned out to be. I wasn't a fan of the flavors and it burned much faster than I expected. Won't pick up any more of these, but not a terrible smoke. It wasn't as full as I would have liked, but I've had worse!"
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Camacho maduro,Excellent
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,"Thank you for taking care of the lighter malfunction issue, with ease.","Over the years, ""we"" have spent lots of money and enjoyed many cigar moments thanks to C.I. Even spent some time at the facility next to Cabela's. Thanks for your support."
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Camacho Triple Maduro Amazing Cigar!!!,What more can I say about his Cigar! Extremely Amazing!! Perfect burn from start to finish and phenomenal taste throughout !!! Always have these in my humidor and enjoy every smoke. Full bodied flavour without the bad after taste. Truly amazing piece from Camacho!
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,"Smooth, straight smooth","To me, it was not necessarily 'full', but it was smooth as all get out to the end. Smoked it with a stout beer while smoking a turkey on cool, windy day, stayed lit while I went in and out of the house. Required one relight near the end of the stick, but I have no complaints with that. Consistent taste from start to nub."
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Loved them,"Great beefy smoke, will be getting more."
CAO America,5 out of 5,Great cigar and timely delivery,Great cigar and timely delivery
CAO America,5 out of 5,great taste!,great taste!
CAO America,5 out of 5,'Merica,Good draw. I've smoked a few already for the 4th but now I'll let them sit in my humidor for about a month and see if the mellow out a bit.
CAO America,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Top notch smoke
CAO America,5 out of 5,Crossing the Potomac!,This is my favarite cigar. Good flaver thru the smoke. A good 45min relaxing smoke and wiskey typeof cigar
CAO America,5 out of 5,Always 👍🏻 great,"C AO 🤩👍🏻 Allways excellent 👌 these are no exception, they are exceptional. 👍🏻 I highly enjoyed& recommend these cigars."
CAO America,5 out of 5,Outstanding,I think this CEO America Potomac is one of the finest cigars I believe I've ever smoked it is a smooth smoke but has a nice bite I will definitely buy these cigars again it's on the top of my favorites list
CAO America,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,These cigars are amazing!
CAO America,4 out of 5,Good smoke but ring gage a little small,The smoke was typical good CAO. For the cost I would expect the ring gage a little larger.
CAO America,5 out of 5,Always have these in my,Always have these in my humidor. Great smoke. Even slow burn. Never lets me down.
CAO America,5 out of 5,Simply Wonderful!,Awesome!
CAO America,3 out of 5,CAO America Monument,"I enjoy the flavor, however I prefer a tighter wrap, it begins to breakdown and separate during the smoke, thus the medium grade. Some good, some bad. Thanks for the awesome service in regards to order processing and shipping."
CAO America,5 out of 5,Awesome smoke would highly recommended,Awesome smoke would highly recommended
CAO America,4 out of 5,Really Enjoyed the NUB Cigars,Really Enjoyed the NUB Cigars
CAO America,5 out of 5,Delicious,My new favorite cigar!!!
CAO America,5 out of 5,Making America smokes great again,A genuine pleasure to sit and spend quality time with
CAO America,3 out of 5,Good ring size. Taste a,Good ring size. Taste a bit sharp.
CAO America,5 out of 5,Awesome,You can go wrong with the CAO brand.
CAO America,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"One of my Favorite Cigars, great flavor all the way through."
CAO America,5 out of 5,Go to cigar,"This is one of the best out there, it’s my go to cigar for a daily smoke. Thanks CI."
CAO America,5 out of 5,Solid Built Cigar,"I found the CAO Landmark to be a solidly built cigar with a good taste. It seemed to be super dense, and burned nicely right to the end. I would highly recommend giving them a try."
CAO America,4 out of 5,Long live America!,"Great packaging and branding. Bought these for the 4th, for obvious reasons. Smoked great and have purchased several times since.
Thanks for quick delivery."
CAO America,5 out of 5,Great,Great
CAO America,5 out of 5,America,Great smoke never disappoints
CAO America,4 out of 5,Great smooth flavor,Great smooth flavor
CAO America,5 out of 5,God bless CAO America,"I thought the CAO America would be all looks and no performance. I was wrong. It looks great, but tastes better. It is now one of my favorites. Just bought a box."
CAO America,4 out of 5,Not bad!,Bold body. Burns fast at the end but long-lasting.
CAO America,5 out of 5,Tasty,"nice, smooth and tasty"
CAO America,4 out of 5,Good everyday smoke,A good everyday smoke for a medium body smoker.
CAO America,5 out of 5,A truly great cigar.,"These CAO, Americas are full of flavor, burn evenly and are easy on the palate. Very enjoyable smoke."
CAO America,4 out of 5,great smoke,great smoke smooth and even flavor
CAO America,5 out of 5,"Flavor is good, but flavor","Flavor is good, but flavor aside for a moment...this has to be the most nicely crafted cigar there is. Extremely solid and firm, perfectly round, the classy and appropriately patriot band, and topped off with the very nice pen stripe."
CAO America,5 out of 5,Love all cao cigars,Love all cao cigars
CAO America,5 out of 5,A true piece of Americana.,A very well constructed cigar with an even burn. And great tastes of pepper and a hint of chocolate. Def one of my go to’s.
CAO America,5 out of 5,Cao America,"Great cigar, just the right size for a winter outdoor smoke!"
CAO America,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Very good smoke...I've tried several CAO cigars and these are the better.
CAO America,5 out of 5,CAO America,Smoked all the way down and never lost the flavor. Did not get hash. enjoyable to the end. Will definitely order again.
CAO America,5 out of 5,America,"Excellent cigar, smooth flavor from foot to head, one of my favorite to have with my morning coffee. You can never go wrong with any CAO cigars"
CAO America,5 out of 5,One of my favorite cigars,One of my favorite cigars
CAO America,5 out of 5,The CAO America Landmark in,"The CAO America Landmark in my view is a very good smoke, good flavor, and I enjoy the band. My only knock on this cigar is a 60 ring guage is a little to big, that issue doesn't stop me from buying the cigar.."
CAO America,4 out of 5,CAO America,If you want my feedback then pay me.
CAO America,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Very consistent smoke.
CAO America,5 out of 5,Captain America (CAO) to the rescue!,"I may be Canadian, but i do like Merica. This is another excellent cigar from CAO. It is always a conversation piece the first time someone sees it, and again when they smoke it. The usual good quality from CAO, granted i have had draw problems from these in the past. If you haven't tried CAO, i guess you are under a rock, then get out in the sun and try this unique cigar."
CAO America,3 out of 5,need in a smaller ring,need in a smaller ring size/
CAO America,4 out of 5,"CAO is great, but this had a tight draw.","I've smoked several CAO's and never had a bad one. These were nice, but more than half I ordered had a really tight draw. I eased this a bit with a poker, but they were still tight. Overall a nice smoke, though."
CAO America,5 out of 5,CAO Potomac,CAO Potomac
CAO America,5 out of 5,Great smoke.,Good burn and flavor. My personal favorite from CAO.
CAO America,4 out of 5,4+,Great smoke. Even burning and great body from beginning to end.
CAO America,5 out of 5,'Merica,"I absolutely love this particular cigar. I like the taste, the stronger than medium nicotine rush. I like the even burn, and the wrapper matches my motorcycle."
CAO America,5 out of 5,CI Nation delivers again,"In the cigar world, double wraps can be a good smoke, ""if they don't fall apart"" but don't worry CI's America series are in perfect shape and the savory chocolate from the maduro wrap enhances the flavor profile. Smooth and delicious sums it up."
CAO Black,4 out of 5,Black gothic,Very nice smoke
CAO Black,4 out of 5,Nice taste,Nice taste smokes evenly and smooth
CAO Black,4 out of 5,Smooth in a nice flavor,Smooth in a nice flavor
CAO Black,5 out of 5,Good cigar,Very good smokes well great smooth taste medium cigar would definetly purchase again
CAO Black,5 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth
CAO Black,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Smooth and great burn not to light
CAO Black,5 out of 5,Smooth but thick smoke for,Smooth but thick smoke for a small cigar with flavors getting more intense towards the last third of it. Great burn from a well made cigar
CAO Black,4 out of 5,Good cigars Great deals,"Good cigars
Great deals"
CAO Black,5 out of 5,Enjoyable!,"Love love love! Tightly rolled for a smooth draw, great smell and taste and just a very enjoyable stick!"
CAO Black,5 out of 5,What can I say about,What can I say about CAO good quality and nice flavor
CAO Black,4 out of 5,very nice smoke,"Tried this cigar for first time. Smooth easy burn, rich deep smoke. Burned even all the way down. Will definitely purchase again."
CAO Black,5 out of 5,i like them,i like them
CAO Black,5 out of 5,Excellent cigars,Excellent cigars
CAO Black,5 out of 5,Love this one!,Love this one!
CAO Black,4 out of 5,Small gauge but nice clean,"Small gauge but nice clean easy smoke, burns slow"
CAO Black,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Very smooth.
CAO Black,5 out of 5,A surprise new favorite!,"Decided to try the CAO Black on a whim, because I haven’t had a CAO I didn’t like, and I am glad!  The mildest CAO I have smoked.  CAO knows how to create a fine cigar with great flavor without being overwhelming (the Brazilia is my favorite, full bodied but always smooth throughout).  Comes with a cedar wrap, which made the pre-light pass under the nose quite nice.  This cigar was a Mosaic (Corona), a bit light in the hand but it was very well made and held the ash for at least two inches.  Disarming in appearance with a very nice Connecticut seed wrapper, the habano binder boosts the flavor very nicely.  There was no significant build up, but was immediately flavorful, creamy mellow with a hint of spice.  Not especially complex, it remained consistent until the end.  A new favorite to be stocked in the humidor! "
CAO Black,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Great smoke.
CAO Black,3 out of 5,Cao Black,OK but not my favorite CAO. Draw is a little tight and flavor does not suit my taste.
CAO Black,5 out of 5,New fav to keepp in stock,"Decided to try the CAO Black on a whim because I haven’t had a CAO I didn’t like, and I am glad! The mildest CAO I have smoked. CAO knows how to create a fine cigar with great flavor without being overwhelming (the Brazilia is my favorite, full bodied but always smooth throughout). Comes with a cedar wrap, which made the pre-light pass under the nose quite nice. This cigar was a Mosaic (Corona), a bit light in the hand but it was very well made and held the ash for at least two inches. Disarming in appearance with a very nice Connecticut seed wrapper, the Habano binder boosts the flavor just right. There was no significant build up, but was immediately flavorful, creamy mellow with a hint of spice. Not especially complex, it remained consistent until the end. A new favorite to be stocked in the humidor!"
CAO Black,4 out of 5,Good consistent smoke,"Each stick has been consistent and enjoyable. Good flavor, good aroma, well made."
CAO Black,5 out of 5,Great quality,"Perfect size smoke for me, great medium taste."
CAO Black,4 out of 5,CAO Black Frontier,Has a good draw. Flavorful.
CAO Black,5 out of 5,Better than I thought,I bought these based on the reviews and was pleasantly surprised what a nice flavour they have. It's a nice mild taste. A very nice smoke
CAO Black,4 out of 5,Nice bang for the buck!,You’ll never go wrong with CAO. Nice cigar mellow and easy on the palate!
CAO Black,5 out of 5,Great taste,Great taste
CAO Black,4 out of 5,Excellent construction as always from CAO,"Very well constructed which has been a constant experience with CAO cigars, and smooth smoking."
CAO Black,5 out of 5,CAO knock out,awesome smoke!!!
CAO Black,4 out of 5,Smooth and light,This is a good daytime summer pontoon cruise cigar. Or sittin round the bonfire
CAO Black,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,Excellent smoke
CAO Black,4 out of 5,Good mild stick,Good mild stick
CAO Black,4 out of 5,"Good cigar, tight draw","Really nice cigar, just a little bit tight on draw, but with some work it’s manageable."
CAO Black,4 out of 5,My favorite brand,I love CAO cigars. And these beauties live up to the CAO name. My favorite are Brazilia
CAO Black,4 out of 5,"Okay, not my best cigar","Okay, not my best cigar"
CAO Black,4 out of 5,"An excellent cigar, never disappoints.","An excellent cigar, never disappoints. Burns great, draw, tons of smoke, burns cool. No complaints"
CAO Black,4 out of 5,my bad. not happy with,my bad. not happy with the ring size
CAO Black,3 out of 5,Small in size and taste.,Small in size and taste. With this bigger is better
CAO Black,4 out of 5,Good,"Smooth draw, even burn. Generally a creamy mouth feel and pleasant taste."
CAO Black,5 out of 5,CAO Black,"The CAO Black is one of my top five cigars. Smooth, balanced, easy draw and wonderful wrapper."
CAO Black,4 out of 5,Pretty Good Smoke,I love the cedar wrapper to light it makes a huge difference if you dont use it
CAO Black,4 out of 5,Really like the smooth taste,Really like the smooth taste
CAO Black,5 out of 5,Great after-dinner cigar. Not too,"Great after-dinner cigar. Not too full, not too light."
CAO Black,5 out of 5,These are really good cigars!,"The description said that they are consistently a favorite, and I don't disagree! These are a really good smoke which I will be buying again."
CAO Black,5 out of 5,Silky,"These CAO Black are some of my favorites. Wonderfully rolled, with a just easy enough draw, these cigars blow smooth, silky rings. For me, they smoke medium to full body strength, with rich flavors of almond, black tea, milk chocolate and a touch of leather. I highly recommend."
CAO Black,4 out of 5,Good Cigar,Good Cigar
CAO Black,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,"I am a medium cigar smoker, so this was perfect. Nice smooth draw, and the longer you smoke this, the better it tastes."
CAO Black,5 out of 5,What's with the tape?,"Lovely cigar. Friendly, tasty, balanced. Very well made. My only problem was the packaging. The cedar is held together with a piece of cellophane tape. Annoying and pointless."
CAO Black,5 out of 5,Top shelf,"A classic, one of CAO's best along with the America and Brazilia"
CAO Black,5 out of 5,good cigar for the money,good cigar for the money
CAO Black,5 out of 5,In a word? Awesome!,"These are some of the best I've had, and I try a lot of cigars. Copious amounts of rich, thick smoke, perfect burn, but what I like the most is the consistency. Every single one is a pleasure. One light and you're done. CAO should give lessons on rolling. No other cigar has given me such pleasure, and that's what it's all about, right? Buy some, you won't be disappointed."
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,CAO Brazilia Gol,Great cigar!
CAO Brazilia,4 out of 5,Both are good cigars,Both are good cigars
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,quality,nice flavor and good quality rolled
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Great,Great
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,My Favorite,I love this cigar
CAO Brazilia,4 out of 5,Full bodied a goo change,Full bodied a goo change of pace for me . This is my 4th 5 pack and I'll be back!!!
CAO Brazilia,4 out of 5,All good smokes,All good smokes
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Good cigars,Good cigars
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Fabulous and satisfying smoke!!,"These are certainly one of my most favorite cigars. Solid taste from beginning to end, ash is solid but air flow is consistent. That strong Maduro taste is heaven to the palette. One of the best attributes is no bitterness at all. Simply smooth and tasty. After a long ride on the Harley there's hardly anything better than this cigar, a few fingers of scotch and a comfy chair under the tree. Highly recommended!!"
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Recommend,"Smoked very well, no issues. Great tasting. Would definitely buy again"
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Good heavy smoke for after,Good heavy smoke for after dinner.
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Nice and fresh,Nice and fresh
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,cigars are great!!,cigars are great!!
CAO Brazilia,3 out of 5,Good flavor,Good flavor
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Awesome,Awesome
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Consistently Good,"These Have become my favorite cigar by far. The taste is consistent box after box. The smoke is smooth, the cigar burns evenly all the time, we’ll worth the price. It is a stronger tasting cigar, but my long time favorites."
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Favorite,"This has been one of my favorites for years, almost 20 yrs to be exact."
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar!,Excellent cigar!
CAO Brazilia,4 out of 5,A well made delicious cigar.,A well made delicious cigar.
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Nice group,The sampler was Excellent..
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,You want be disappointed with,You want be disappointed with this stick.
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Good,Good
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Great Cigars! Great Price!,Great Cigars! Great Price!
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,One of the finest blends,One of the finest blends with an easy draw and a consistent burn
CAO Brazilia,3 out of 5,Every day smoke!,"This is a every day smoke. Good with a sweet tea,coffee, or cognac."
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,good quality,good quality
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Very good smoke!,Very good smoke!
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Great cigars. Thank you for,Great cigars. Thank you for getting them to me so fast!!!
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,CAO Brazillia Gol,"Personally, the best cigar I have ever smoked, been smoking them for years. It is always consistent, well constructed, never disappointing."
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,My favorite cigar!,My favorite cigar!
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Brazilia bomb,Great flavor and aroma but not overbearing for a dark cigar. These are smooth and rich. One of my go to favs.
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,"Good smoke, even draw, leather,","Good smoke, even draw, leather, earthy, subtle black pepper. Pairs well with a good porter."
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Dark beauty Brazilia,"Dark cigar which is surprisingly smooth, thought it would hit harder but it is pleasant to smoke, try it for sure."
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Surprisingly nice...,"Bold flavors, nice burn. Great after a nice steak or roast with a glass of bourbon..."
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Great,Definitely one of my top 10 goes great with a string cup of coffee.
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,One of the tastiest cigars,One of the tastiest cigars no matter how it is rolled.
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Great Cigars,Great Cigars
CAO Brazilia,4 out of 5,"Good but, I had better...","Good but, I had better..."
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,CAO Brazilia Go,"My favorite CAO, its a smooth and aromatic light smoke."
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Great cigar!!,Great cigar!!
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Well made,"Well made cigar that burns evenly, slowly and stays lit throughout the entire smoking experience...almost like smoking a Gordo."
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,CAO all great cigars,"If you have not tried a CAO, buy some with your next order. I have bought a box of each and they just don't disappoint. Great draw, construction and flavor. Love these cigars"
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Great,Love these cigars and love box press as they fit in the humidor so well.
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,All cigars will be a,All cigars will be a good suprise.I was impress with the scorpion
CAO Brazilia,4 out of 5,One of my favs,One of my favs
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Perfection,Perfect as always
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,CAO does it again!!!!!,"This is a terrific everyday or on the golf course cigar. My personal opinion is this is a medium to full smoke, not a full flavor. But, it is rich and smooth that burns evenly and the ash hangs on for a good 2"". I am a big CAO can of the world additions, like America, Italia and Columbian, not to mention the Honor series. Thank you CI and CAO for offering such wonderful sticks for an old golfer like me."
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Goaaaaaaaaal!,This one score a goal with me. Great cigar!
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,Fantastic smooth mellow cigar enjoyed,Fantastic smooth mellow cigar enjoyed it very much😊👍
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,My go to cigar.,My go to cigar.
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,Fantastic,"Quickly became one of my favorites, burns nice and even with a solid but nice flavor not too mellow and not too bold just hit the spot."
CAO Colombia,3 out of 5,Smooth and mild,"This is a good beginner cigar. The flavor profile is milder than I prefer, but very smooth. Great construction and even burn, though. CAO has a good lineup, but this one is the least impressive I've had."
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,Tinto: These just went into my top 5!,"What a pleasant surprise this little cigar was! Great flavors of nutty dried fruit goodness in a smooth smoking, leathery, non-spicy cigar. Dead even burn. Cool, easy draw. Volumous, aromatic smoke plumes. Immaculate construction."
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,One of the best.,"One of the best and smoothest cigars i've ever smoked! It is flavorful without imposing and the draw is wonderful. If time is not an issue, it's a great one to sit back and enjoy."
CAO Colombia,4 out of 5,Love the unique flavors in,Love the unique flavors in this cigar.
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,new one,"Nice cigar, smooth"
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,Nutty cigar,I don’t normally write reviews but this cigar was slapping. I’m a once a week cigar guy I don’t normally smoke the same cigar twice unless I really enjoy it. But I’d buy a box of these things. The nuttiness on this thing was off the charts but not in a bad way if I wasn’t in a dry country it would have paired perfect with a a cold light beer. The smoke tasted like a peanut from Texas Roadhouse. Amazing cigar CAO doesn’t disappoint on this one.
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,Awesome stick,Love this stick. Not the best I ever had but a very enjoyable cigar. Real smooooooth!
CAO Colombia,4 out of 5,"Very good, mild cigar","Very good, mild cigar"
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,Karl G.,Excellent blend of aged tobaccos. It has a smooth draw and an even burn. The Colombia and Nicaragua are tops in my humidor.
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,I could eat the ashes!,"This is my number 1!! Burns evenly, great construction. Blah blah but it tastes amazing!! I feel like I could eat the ashes when I’m done. First time a 5x50 feels small. I need more!! I wonder if anything else tastes like this; I haven’t found any."
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,CAO Colombia Tinto,"This cigar is a winner! Smooth upon lighting, easy draw and stays lit even in breezy conditions. Medium and toasty throughout with a slight sweet after taste. These are right up there with the Flathead for taste - will be buying these again - thanks CI!"
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,Great cigar for the novice smoker!,I’m a complete newbie when it comes to cigar smoking. Got this one in a sampler and enjoyed it a lot. Smooth pull and it didn’t get hot or rough even down to two finger widths. It didn’t make me feel sick or nauseous halfway through like some heavier smokes I’ve had. 5/5 would totally recommend to a novice cigar smoker like myself!
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,CA O My O My,The Colombia robusto is really good. Everything is excellent. Construction and draw check. Slow cool even burn. Smooth medium body. Silky texture of smoke. Delicious. Toasty and nutty and wood with some cherry. And a complex feel on the palate. This was out of a sampler I bought here Joes Daily Deal on sale with free shipping. Give these a try.
CAO Colombia,4 out of 5,Nice cigar at a budget price,"Got one of these in Make me an Offer, and really enjoyed it"
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,Delicious Cigars,"good quality, nice and delicious cigars. thanks."
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,CAO Colombia,I enjoy them
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,Nice and Mild,Very good and mild smoke. Nice quality cigar.
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,CAO,Great smoke
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,Solid Stick,CI's description is dead on.One of my go to sticks.
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,Great smoke at a great,Great smoke at a great price
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,CAO,Very nice
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,very nice,very nice
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,Good Cigar,One of the best
CAO Colombia,4 out of 5,A comfortable cigar,"Take your time, as usual, and enjoy."
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,Great smokes,I gave them to a cigar lover who told me these are terrific!
CAO Colombia,3 out of 5,Hard draw,Hard draw
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,real nice,real nice
CAO Colombia,3 out of 5,Ok smoke,Just ok for the price
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,Cao Columbia Tinto,Awesome cigars!
CAO Colombia,4 out of 5,Very good tasting cigar,Very good tasting cigar
CAO Colombia,4 out of 5,Good cigar,"Nice smooth flavor, good burning and just a delight for an evening smoke"
CAO Colombia,4 out of 5,CAO,I find that CAO cigars are a very consistent and enjoyable smoke
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,Cao sticks,I can say without any reservation this is my FAVORITE 😃👍 very consistent!!!!
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,CAO,"Love them and Cigars International.
Thank you!"
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good everyday smoke.
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,Great Cigar!,"CAO Columbia Tinto, is a great cigar that smokes really well."
CAO Colombia,4 out of 5,Great cigar,This is an attractive cigar. From the color of the wrapper and the Columbia labeling it all produces and smooth and tasty treat
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,Love it!,Love it!
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,Great stick,Great stick
CAO Colombia,4 out of 5,"Smooth taste, not bitter","Smooth taste, not bitter"
CAO Colombia,4 out of 5,Like the taste because it,Like the taste because it is mild. A bit bitter as you get to the wrapper.
CAO Colombia,4 out of 5,GREAT CIGAR,"I received a CAO Columbia in an assortment package, when I smoked it it was a very smooth smoke no harshness at all, lots of smoke and good right down to the nub. I smoked Punch Rothchilds before I tried the CAO and now I am a convert. Thanks CI"
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,One of my absolute favorites,One of my absolute favorites
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,My daily go-to smoke,"Smooth, flavorfull not-too-bold smoke that stays lit throughout. The robusto is a perfect size for me. Highly recommend."
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,Great smoke 😎,Great smoke 😎
CAO Colombia,4 out of 5,Excellent 5 x 50 cigar,Nice smoth mellow taste all around excellent smoke
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,Great,great cigar!!
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,"Nice, smooth draw. Good smoke.","Nice, smooth draw. Good smoke. Enjoyable."
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,Consigliere Soldier,Another excellent smoke by CAO
CAO Consigliere,4 out of 5,Nice,Really nice. Really really nice. Would never turn one down. Would buy again. And I love the name.
CAO Consigliere,4 out of 5,Well worth every penny!!!,Wonderful relaxing stick!
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,"Woke up this morning, got myself a Consigliere...",Tony would be proud. Little Stevie would sing about it. One of my favorites. Great taste and even smoke.
CAO Consigliere,4 out of 5,Cao consigliere,One of my favorite sticks
CAO Consigliere,4 out of 5,My favorite cigars of all,My favorite cigars of all time
CAO Consigliere,4 out of 5,CAO,"I started with Cao and the Consigliereis just one more success that the brand has made, smooth taste, with i nice consistency in it's burn. Keep up the good work! Smoke on."
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,Great after dinner stick.,Excellent!!!
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,As good as they were before!,I was a huge fan of these when they first came out. These are just as good if not better!! Will order more
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,NICE SMOKE,ON OF MY FAVORITE CIGARS FROM MY FAVORITE MAKER. NEVER DISAPPOINTS.
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,Great cigar. One of my,Great cigar. One of my favorites.
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,One of my favorites,A go-to cigar for anytime. Always keep a box in the humi.
CAO Consigliere,4 out of 5,Very nice Cigar,Seems to be pretty uniform form order to order
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,CAO Consigliere associate,"Great cigar, one of my favorites."
CAO Consigliere,4 out of 5,CAO,"Good smoke, even burn, good draw."
CAO Consigliere,1 out of 5,Dried Out Cigars,They arrived and were totally dried out.. I even paid extra for shipping.. Very dissappointed in way it was delivered..
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,Hidden Gem,"Smoke a lot of CAOs, this is probably my favorite. Full of flavor and burns evenly."
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,forgetaboutit !,"Really great smoke, don't tell nobody I said so."" Snitches get stitches"""
CAO Consigliere,4 out of 5,Made an offer I couldn't almost refuse.,"Not a bad smoke at all. Nice draw and great smoke. Smooth flavor. Not bad for a part II of the Sopranos, though a little pricey for the leaf in my opinion. Will go for the Flathead next time."
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,CAO,I was extremely happy to see theses come back after they got rid of the Soprano series of cigars. All I can say is AWESOME!!!!!
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,Awesome cigar and awesome place to get them.,I just started ordering from the company and I have no complaints. The cao consigliere were outstanding. One of the best I have ever had. I don’t know what others are bitching about but I ordered from you five times and no issues. Keep up the great customer service and you will have a customer for life !
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,A Great Cigar with a Great CI Price,Is this a SOPRANO Clone? Without the Great CI price I would still call it a 4-5 star. The Stick is awesome through all thirds. No construction or burn issues. A medium flavorful experience. Its better than some of the 96 rated Olivas I have tried. CAO has some GREAT cigars like the ITALIA and MX2. This ones on the BUY list too.
CAO Consigliere,4 out of 5,Close,A bit off the mark from it's original incarnation but still a solid smoke.
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,very satisfied,"Was not disappointed good draw good even burn great taste with a nice scotch or jameson 12 year old waiting on my next
order."
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,Very. Good. Cigar...,Very. Good. Cigar...
CAO Consigliere,4 out of 5,Consigliere Associate,"Very nice cigar, I’m glad I got ‘em."
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,Good lite up,Even smoke good regular burn and 90 minutes
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,Cao soldiers,I love them glad to see y’all have them
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,So glad CAO resurrected this one!,"I loved the old CAO Sopranos Associate cigar and was sad to see it go, and then it was resurrected in the Consigliere Associate. Great medium to full stick with amazing taste all the way through."
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,Great,Cigar
CAO Consigliere,3 out of 5,Was ok,"I was hoping the were like the sopranos, a little disappointed. Next box will be mx 2."
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,Cigars made for The Boss!,Great cigars! Nice even burn and great flavor. It is definitly a decedinate of the Saprono series.
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,The boss for a reason,"Excellent burn, nice draw, great taste. Happy with my purchase. Definitely one of my favorite CAO"
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,Still a Boss.,"This is a worthy successor of the Sopranos edition of yesteryear. It is a bit mmore loosely constructed, but its flavor is wonderfly true to the Sopranos."
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,Good Cigar,"I normally smoke medium bodied cigars. A friend highly recommended the Consigliere cigars, and I will say that I am impressed! Nice even burn, a smooth draw, and not too overpowering for a medium-full bodied cigar. This is a good cigar!"
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,Consigliere,Delicious first puff to last. Stays lit. Smooth smoke all the way.
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,Consigliere is a winner!,The CAO Consigliere Associate is a medium full cigar with a rich flavor. Smooth burn with a long white ash. Strongly recommend
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Fantastic cigar lives up to its predecessor. Only complaint I have is they came out of the box quite dry
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,very good cigar,"this is a rebranded cigar from the original Soprano cigars, which were very expensive, these are very affordable now and a very good cigar for taste and flavor........I give it a 4.75 out of 5 and really good value now."
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,Consigliere Replaces/Improves Soprano,When the Soprano was available it was about the only cigar I smoked. When it was stopped I looked for something similar to replace it. I really did not find one to my liking. I had read reviews of the Consigliere that compared it favorably to the Soprano. I agree with the previous reviews. The Consigliere did not disappoint.
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,CAO Consigliere,"Surprisingly good smoke. I tend to shy away from cigars that have a “Hollywood” type name. A BnM salesperson recommendation that I try one, said that, I would not be disappointed. He was right, it’s a surprisingly good smoke."
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,What a surprise :-o,I fully enjoyed these. box was gone before I knew. I would recommend these hands down!
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,CAO consigliere,Always a good smoke very dependable.
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,GREAT Cigars,"A good friend handed me a CAO Consigliere, which is now a favorite. Then placed an order with CI and it showed up 2 days later standard shipping. Needless to say I was very happy about that. I'm a little over halfway through the box and everyone has been great, very smooth throughout the entire smoke."
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,Very Nice,Nice wrap even ash tons of smoke and a great finish
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"CAO has made a great cigar. Great taste, good draw and Great construction. An after dinner favorite. Definately a 93 or 94 quality."
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,Return of the Don,"Fantastic cigar! As a fan of the CAO Sopranos Edition, I was disappointed when the blend was discontinued in 2013; it is my favorite smoke. I had a feeling it would be back, and just as good as before!
A nice chocolate & leather start, nutty middle, and earthy goodness to the last inch.
The Sopranos Edition had the unfortunate tendency to have voids that caused uneven burn; I have not encountered that issue with the Consigliere thus far. The Sopranos edition were also slightly ugly w/ veiny wrappers; again, the Consigliere are an improvement over the original.
A sole complaint. The red box of the Consigliere isn't as well constructed as the trunk-inspired box of the Sopranos Edition. When the CI box arrived the first things I noticed about the Consigliere box were that it was more of a typical square box, and the smell of fresh paint. The box wasn't tacky, but it was obviously fresh. The cigars were quickly liberated & stored in a humidor, and a smell test along the way confirms they didn't take up the fresh paint smell. Still, if any of these remain in the box too long, I'd be concerned about it.
The current lineup doesn't have the special Tony Soprano size. I still have one in the humidor I'm saving for a special occasion. Otherwise, the associate size is a darn-near perfect cigar."
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,One of the finest cigars I have ever tried... will definitely order again
CAO Consigliere,4 out of 5,Excellent cigar!,"I love these lil' guys! These have been my favorite smoke blend since originally introduced as ""Sopranos Edition"" in 2005. T'was a shame when they were discontinued in 2013, but I hoped CAO would reintroduce the blend sooner or later. I Still have a couple Associate left w/ the Sopranos band & a single ""Tony Soprano"" sized that I'm saving for a special occasion.
This is a rich smoke, with a leather & cinnamon start, chocolate & nutty middle, and sort of creamy finish. These are a very slow burn, it'll take me about two hours to enjoy one straight out of the box after liberating them from the UPS driver. Taste-test is in progress.
The comparison to the original is inevitable, and the Sopranos Edition were not without flaws. They were a bit veiny depending on the batch, and it tended to get worse the larger the size. I stuck w/ Associate after a while b/c they had the fewest issues, IMHO. Several had inconsistent draw and/or ""voids"" in the middle of the cigar that resulted in uneven burn.
Many cigars gave their lives to bring you this information.
The Consigliere I'm in the middle of ""taste-testing"" is very close to the original; but it lacks some of the depth. That could be the result of my original Sopranos Edition cigars having spent several years in a humidor; these could be fresh & need time to season. However it doesn't have the eyesore issues of the old version, not veiny or over-hard, and the burn has been even to what is approaching the halfway point.
So far I'm quite satisfied, and will be buying more of these in the near future; just to replenish my supply."
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,Very tasty,Will definitely buy again!
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,excellent,excellent
CAO Extreme,4 out of 5,4.5 stars,"In my experience, CAO Extreme consistently delvers a REALLY tasty smoke at a reasonable price. (and sometimes there is a ridiculously good deal!) It burns evenly with plenty of smoke output and the flavors are as pretty much as described, though I don’t get a ton of black pepper. Toast, nuts and oak... just really good! Go for it!"
CAO Extreme,4 out of 5,"Good smoke, full bodied, professional","Good smoke, full bodied, professional grade, not for amatures"
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,Excellent Stick,Excellent stick.
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,Great Smoke!,"These are awesome. They burn really well, I keep trying others and keep going back to these."
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,Going to be hard to beat this one,"Excellent cigar as usual from CAO. Burns good and long. Very strong and flavorful until it gets too hot to hold onto anymore, right down to burning your fingers. Notes of chocolate all the way through, with a bit of salt appearing towards the second half. Very pleasant smoke. Will be buying more."
CAO Extreme,4 out of 5,"Well constructed, good flavor","These are good cigars! My experience has been a good draw and burn, which are important to me--I smoke maybe one cigar a day, and I want it to be a great experience. The flavor is good on these, I'd say medium-plus body, and they are good till you burn your fingers. I will buy again."
CAO Extreme,4 out of 5,A cigar for a real man.,Strong & full bodied. Hint of chocolate & nuts. Great smoke!
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,nice smoke,nice smoke
CAO Extreme,4 out of 5,not too bad,Had nice leather notes with some salt notes on the second half.
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,Little But Mighty,"Great smoke, like all of the CAO line. Good price makes it better."
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,one of the best,one of the best
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,Excellent CAO,These were awesome. I went through the entire box with not one issue. Got them on sale so that was a bonus. Very smooth end to end. My palate is not so refined but these guy's just taste wonderful. No harshness or bitter taste at all and was able to smoke each one down to where I just could not hold it anymore. As far as strength they are a medium-full in my book. I will buy these every time they go on sale.
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,WOW!!,WOW!! is all I'm gonna say. Very smooth and tasty! Will be ordering more!
CAO Extreme,4 out of 5,CAO Extreme,Strong but smooth
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,Excellent.,"Long even burning, white ash, good taste, especially when dunked in your bourbon or brandy drink after dinner. Prefer 50 and above rings 5 to 6 inches long. Not enough time for longer ones."
CAO Extreme,4 out of 5,Good addition to the CAO family,Coffee and nutty. Good overall smoke. CAO as usual does a great job.
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,Great buy!,Great buy!
CAO Extreme,4 out of 5,Ugly wrapper,"Only thing that keeps this stick from being a 5 star is the wrapper. The wrapper kept me from trying it for awhile, but when I finally did...I was blown away. Totally a great smoke ."
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,CAO Extreme,"A very good full flavored smoke. Not overpowering but takes you to flavortown. Great with a cup of good coffee in the morning, as well as an adult beverage in the evening. Looks a little rough but the taste makes up for it.
I've smoked a half dozen from my box purchase and all burned straight and true. For the CI sale price, this robusto is tough to beat."
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,Good solid full flavor cigar,Good solid full flavor cigar
CAO Extreme,4 out of 5,"good burn, good draw, hints","good burn, good draw, hints of pepper...... good smoke"
CAO Extreme,4 out of 5,Cao robusto kudos,Delicious. Full of flavor. Super draw. Outstanding value
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar,Definitely a meaty and spicy cigar. Not too strong but strong enough. Blend produces a nice aromatic smoke that can fill a room with a nice aroma. Overall good construction good draw and very good flavor. At least in my opinion.
CAO Extreme,4 out of 5,Powerhouse,"Great flavor and burn. Draw is a little tight, but these are good cigars. Would purchase again"
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,Excellent,Very good cigar. Maintains flavor throughout
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,Excellent Smoke,Smooth and favorable smoke. Nice long smoke for it's size. Great cigar alone or with a drink
CAO Extreme,4 out of 5,Tasty,I enjoyed it
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,CAO,Great smoke
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,BEST CAO,This has become my go-to smoke. I always have these in my humidor.
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,Extreme!,I smoke one right out of the box and it was awesome. Deep and dark and yummy. One of my top five.
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,Great full body smoke. Got,Great full body smoke. Got these on Joe's Daily at a great priice.
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,Go-To Cigar,Always delicious and solid. Excellent daily value too. I always buy them when they are on sale because you just can’t go wrong.
CAO Extreme,4 out of 5,Happy with this stick,I can’t believe how good this stick is. I have had much more expensive cigars that weren’t as good. At this price you can’t afford not to try it.
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,Really like this one.,"Hard to believe so cheap priced. Chewy. Thick, a knee knocker for sure, but not over the top. Earthy leather core. Notes of Sweet pepper and spice on long finish. Not many transitions until last 4th of cigar, noticed an orange peel note on top of deeper earth flavor. Draw was snug, but not too tight."
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,Great cigar with very lil after taste. Very smoky and doesn't burn.
CAO Extreme,3 out of 5,Nuts.,I've ordered bundles of these cigars before and really like them this bundle that showed up has several cigars so far that are bad runs and burn unevenly.
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,I like my cigars Stout,I like my cigars Stout and this one fits the bill
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,CAO,Great deal !!!
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,Cao does it again,Cao does it again
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar,"The best cigar I’ve had in awhile! Great flavor, smooth with a nice draw. Will be ordering this one again!"
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,Is anyone home?,"I like to know that someone is home when I invest in my stogie time. Rich, full experience always confirms someone's home when I visit."
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,Always great,Full bodied and well rounded.
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,CAO Extreme,Excellent flavor and draw
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,A great smoke.,Definitely one of my two favorites. This and the Brazilia.
CAO Extreme,4 out of 5,CAO ROBUSTO,A great long lasting smoke
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,Better Than Expected,"I had been eying this CAO for awhile and finally bought a box to add into my humidor. After letting them rest for a month I light one up and was very much pleasantly surprised. The first cigar, and every subsequent one I smoked, were exceptionally good. Since trying to denote the flavor profile is subjective to each person, let me just say they are a smooth, medium to full bodied cigar that burnt slow and razor sharp; no touch ups needed, I am now on my third box and will keep them as part of my series of go to cigars."
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,Cao quad 4,One of there best cigars rich in flavor
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,Great stik,Awesome
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,This is a smooth and,This is a smooth and flavorful cigar.
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,Flathead V554,Nothing beats them that I have smoked! My go to cigar and favorite. Very smooth and pleasent. Highly recommend
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,I will be ordering more,I will be ordering more in the future
CAO Flathead,4 out of 5,Excellent smoke,Excellent smoke
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,A wonderful smoke!,A wonderful smoke!
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,Latest Purchase,"Good cigars, Reasonable prices."
CAO Flathead,4 out of 5,Good smoke good value,Have these every once and a while as a change from from drew estate and padron. Consistent quality and a long smoke at a good value
CAO Flathead,4 out of 5,Good burn rate and very,"Good burn rate and very good taste, definitely will be getting more 😎"
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,Cigars that hit the spot,Cigars that hit the spot
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,my 2nd choice,Another of my favorites
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,Robust and last 9 holes,Robust and last 9 holes
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,Best Cigar,Hands down the CAO v660 flathead is the best cigar out there. A full body cigar that's has a smooth draw and exceptional blend.
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,One of my top three,One of my top three cigars. I was impressed excellent full flavor cigar.
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,"Very good,","Very good,"
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,These are my personal favorite,These are my personal favorite cigars. Always burn good and taste great
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,660,My default smoke. Love'em.
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,This is my cigar. The,"This is my cigar. The best I've ever had. Send me some discount emails, the price has increased quite a bit."
CAO Flathead,4 out of 5,Great,Great
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,Excellent cigars. Mellow,Excellent cigars. Mellow
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,CAO Flathead,"Great smoke - well balanced, great shape and pull"
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,Titts,Is everything I expected. A little heavy handed so chill out. Don’t rush anything with it. Enjoy!
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,My all time favorite cigar,My all time favorite cigar
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,V660,The V660 is the best non-Cuban cigar I’ve ever lit!
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,A Great Smoke,Love them.
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,Darn good,"Yeah try these, they are good and flavorful. Burn is even and the taste is full all the way down. Very good smoke"
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,The only complaint I have is this HUGE 70 ring size Monster doesn't fit in my cutter.... Oh well I guess I should get a new trimmer,These are my go to Extended Cigar Smoking Session stick .....flavorful from beginning to end and even burn the only complaint I have is this HUGE 70 ring size Monster doesn't fit in my cutter... Oh well I guess I should get a new trimmer since this has become a regular in my humidor
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,Great selection and great service,Great selection and great service
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,I love them this is,I love them this is my favorite Cigar!!!!
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke!,"On of the best smokes ive had. The price is outstanding for the great smoke you get. An absolute stunner from start to finish!! If you only have a few minutes to smoke a cigar ""THIS AINT IT"". You need to take your time with this one!"
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,Excellent flavor. Excellent burn,Excellent flavor. Excellent burn
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,CAO FH V660,Nice priced smooth stick! Will buy again when ready to reorder.
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,D-dog,"Mellow long even burning cigar with a consistent smooth draw, very good finish."
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,Great Smoking Cigar,"I’ve been buying this cigar for over three years. I tried other brands but none have measured up to this V660. It’s been in my humidor as a main stay. The taste when smoking, the feel in your hand there’s nothing that I smoked with those same qualities."
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,Awesome!,"As a newer cigar smoker I have tended to stay away from the full red profile cigars afraid they’d be harsh, however these are amazing. Flavor, burn, construction were all amazing. I thought the CAO Gold would be my go to as I really enjoy those. Nope, THESE will be my go to from now on. So do yourself a favor and get some of these for your humidor before they realize this and jack up prices! No disappointments here."
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,This is my preferred new,This is my preferred new stick! Great smoke!
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,"Glad I found this, a real spark plug!",Just tried this little beauty. Great stick start to finish. Will be buying a box next time not just the fiver...
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,Very complex favorite,"I usually smoke them with a pour of Whisky l, a very complex smoke"
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,Awesome,Quick ship for an awesome cigar. I really enjoyed these and had to get more.
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,Carb,"Bang for buck, I would marry this cigar. Of course then I’d smoke her and have to marry the next one..."
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,Strong yet smooth,"Not normally a big CAO fan, but the 554 Flathead impressed enough to write review. By far one of the easiest drawing cigars I've had. As described strong molasses flavor and keeps building but smooth. One I would keep in the humidor."
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,Outstanding,Outstanding cigar. I like everything about it and would definitely buy again.
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,Beaus!!!,Great cigar!
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,660,This is a beautiful cigar in every way. Not only big on flavor but pure fun and enjoyment for the whole ride (sorry for the pun). I've also had the 770 and they're just too big IMO. The 660 seems just perfect! A good hour and half or more of pleasure!
CAO Flathead,4 out of 5,CAO Flathead V554,"I got a box of these a few weeks ago. They burn really well, have a great flavor profile, and a nice white ash. My only complaint is that a few sticks in the box had some minor imperfections in the wrapper, which caused them to leak a bit and produce an airy draw. I set a few aside to age in the humidor for several months."
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,Excellent cigars. Great for a,Excellent cigars. Great for a day at the lake fishing.
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,Hit the Carb,Highest rated 60-ring cigar ever for a reason. Go get some.
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,Flathead Carb,"Very good cigar. I have tried a couple of 5 packs and decided to go ""all in"" with a box.
I have not been disappointed."
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,CAO V660,Great smoke with even burn and good feel
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,Great value,Nice smoke for the price bullet punch works great on this
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,CAO Rocks!,Delicious cigar! CAO cigars have become one of my favorite brands. They never disappoint me and this Flathead order was my first. Right out of the box it tasted so good and the construction is perfect. I will definitely be ordering these as a permanent in my rotation.
CAO Flathead Gearbox,5 out of 5,simply the best,"This is my go to smoke, my fave, highly suggest you try if you like full body smokes"
CAO Flathead Gearbox,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Is now one of my favorites.
CAO Flathead Gearbox,5 out of 5,RGR,I have enjoyed the Flathead Gearbox almost as much as I enjoy the Flathead Carb. CAO certainly has some fine cigars and this one continues the fine tradition
CAO Flathead Gearbox,5 out of 5,Nice addition to collection,Great cigar great look very special
CAO Flathead Gearbox,4 out of 5,This one needs to be in every guy's toolbox,"Medium bodied with a good consistent burn. The dark lucious wrapper is appealing and surrounds a flavorful binder exuding smooth, complex flavors with notes of spice, wood, and leather. Definitely as dependable as a 12-bolt posi!"
CAO Flathead Gearbox,5 out of 5,One of the best from CAO,Really good cigars
CAO Flathead Gearbox,5 out of 5,Luv them. Long lasting flavor,Luv them. Long lasting flavor
CAO Flathead Gearbox,4 out of 5,Excellent cogar,"I loved this Flathead and intend to buy other Flathead brands to try. The cigar is constructed very well, not too tight and certainly not so loose that the wrapper came apart. The flavor was excellent, full bodied without so much punch as to knock me back."
CAO Flathead Gearbox,5 out of 5,"CAO Flathead Gearbox 5.5x60,",dope smoke
CAO Flathead Gearbox,5 out of 5,Good flavor!,Got them for a gift. They were smooth and flavorful.
CAO Flathead Gearbox,5 out of 5,Great Smoke !!!,I have smoked several flatheads but this is one of the best The peppery taste is nice and robust ..
CAO Flathead Gearbox,4 out of 5,Excellent smoke and came on,Excellent smoke and came on time...
CAO Flathead Gearbox,5 out of 5,Great surprise,What a great flavor and very tasty will buy again
CAO Flathead Gearbox,3 out of 5,Good not great,Good not great
CAO Flathead Gearbox,5 out of 5,Gearbox,"Excellent part of the flathead line. A bit milder than sparkplug, camshaft and rest but still full of great flavor."
CAO Flathead Gearbox,5 out of 5,Flathead cigars,Very good cigars love them wish they were a better price bit that’s okay
CAO Flathead Gearbox,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
CAO Flathead Gearbox,5 out of 5,CAO has yet to fail,CAO has yet to fail with a good cigar
CAO Flathead Gearbox,5 out of 5,CAO Gearbox,Full bodied. Well constructed. Good smoke.
CAO Flathead Gearbox,4 out of 5,CAO Flathead Gearbox 5.5x60,Good smokes
CAO Flathead Gearbox,5 out of 5,Fantastic,Fantastic
CAO Flathead Gearbox,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,Great smoke!
CAO Flathead Gearbox,5 out of 5,CAO FLATHEAD GEARBOX,A very tasty addition to the Flathead series! CAO never lets me down!!! I will definitely purchase another box!
CAO Flathead Gearbox,4 out of 5,Solid 4 star smoke,"Good smoke, last flavor stage is ok."
CAO Flathead Gearbox,4 out of 5,My first gear head,"At first, I thought it was rather harsh and I was debating ending the experience and moving on to an old favorite. But after five minutes the flavor started to develop and I enjoyed it to the end. I’m looking forward to the next one, maybe tonight."
CAO Flathead Gearbox,4 out of 5,Gearbox,I enjoyed the smooth draw and full flavor. Easily one of my recent favorites
CAO Flathead Gearbox,5 out of 5,Nice smoke at a reasonable price,Nice flavor and aroma. Easy smoke. Burns great from beginning to end.
CAO Flathead Gearbox,5 out of 5,Wonderful,Didn't think the cigar was going to be that good. I'd you like a good cigar try this one.
CAO Flathead Gearbox,2 out of 5,Gears not great!,"These cigars looked great, presentation was awesome, little gears on the cigars was neat. Size was perfect, but and it’s a big but, these would not draw, i did get a couple of them going but then they burned uneven."
CAO Flathead Gearbox,5 out of 5,One of my new favorites,One of my new favorites
CAO Flathead Gearbox,5 out of 5,Great taste and flavor,Great taste and flavor
CAO Flathead Gearbox,5 out of 5,CAO Flathead,Excellent Cigar
CAO Flathead Gearbox,5 out of 5,Gearhead,Great price and just as good smoke!!
CAO Flathead Gearbox,5 out of 5,One of my favorites,"Smooth smoke, one of the best I have ever smoked."
CAO Flathead Gearbox,5 out of 5,CAO Has Done it Again,"These are absolutely delicious. These sticks are well constructed, burn evenly and are everything I wanted from the Flatheads. Get 'em. Smoke 'em. You won't be disappointed."
CAO Flathead Gearbox,5 out of 5,Nice,Good medium full smoke even burn
CAO Flathead Gearbox,5 out of 5,Good Stick,I like this smoke and I like the price
CAO Flathead Gearbox,5 out of 5,Great,Great
CAO Flathead Gearbox,5 out of 5,Cao Gearbox,"Excellent cigar. Rich, full bodied, full flavor. Pairs well with either Islay Scotch or dark coffee."
CAO Flathead Gearbox,4 out of 5,Very pleased,I'm in water there to be saying it's a c a o I found them to be very very pleasing went good with some cognac loved it
CAO Flathead Gearbox,5 out of 5,Good choice,A flathead fan and the gearbox is another good smoke
CAO Flathead Gearbox,5 out of 5,Great deal,Can’t go wrong with CI and the quality of their products and the great prices you get. Been buying boxes of cigars for 2 years from them and I won’t go anywhere else!!
CAO Flathead Gearbox,4 out of 5,Good cigar. Not quite as,Good cigar. Not quite as good as the red flathead but well worth the money
CAO Flathead Gearbox,5 out of 5,Another great CAO,very smooth full floavored cigar with a nice draw
CAO Flathead Gearbox,5 out of 5,Very nice cigar,Not for the feint of heart but if you're looking for bold and flavorful and great construction on this cigar you can't go wrong with this one 😊
CAO Flathead Gearbox,5 out of 5,yep I'm a gear head,I am in love with the flathead 660 so tried the gear head for a shorter smoke ... not disappointed .. same great cigar in a smaller chassis
CAO Flathead Gearbox,5 out of 5,Gear cigar,Great stogie but not as good as the spark plug.
CAO Flathead Gearbox,5 out of 5,masterful blend,These are exceptional smokes. Great with a glass of wine. Very smooth.
CAO Flathead Gearbox,4 out of 5,Bold 60 ring,"This is a full flavored, big bundle. This blend is not for the timid, it can be overwhelming at times, but enjoyable, The wrappers are nice and oily dark, the roll above average. Think of this cigar as a big Cabernet, with high alcohol content."
CAO Flathead Gearbox,5 out of 5,Flat head,Excellent smoke
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,4 out of 5,Bullneck,Always enjoy CAO
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,Great Stick,Great Stick
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,A great smoke.,A great smoke.
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,Great new order.,"Love the taste, the medium to full smoke."
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,4 out of 5,Good Cigar,"Good cigar. I let them rest a few months before smoking them, and they did not disappoint."
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,A good mild not too,A good mild not too strong 💪
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,4 out of 5,CAO flat head steel apehanger;,Great tasting cigar. Plenty of flavor and kick. Rich tobacco taste with just the right amount of pepper. Burns great and long with an easy draw. Give your self over an hour to smoke this one. Another winner from CAO!
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,danger0us,to bad they didnt include the helmet because it is dangerously delious
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Burns nice and even. The taste is smooth and see at the same time. Great smoke
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,A treat,DON'T PASS UP!! Great smoke. Don't let the ranking system fool you. This is a 90+ cigar.
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,Real mans cigar,Flathead series are the most enjoyable right up there with the mos t popular.
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,Awesome!!!!!!!!!!!,Great smoke - very balanced to the end
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,If you like a good,If you like a good full bodied cigar this would be a good choice it’s smooth nice aroma has a earthly taste one of my favorites
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,CAO - never let's you down,"The Flathead line - like all CAOs - is perfect every time. Construction, taste, burn - everything."
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,Road Kill,Awsome smoke with a good whiskey.
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,Pleased,"This was the first time ordering these and I was very pleased. Yes I’m going to be adding these to my regular rotation. Great quality, good smoke and very statisfying."
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,4 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,Excellent,"What’s not too like here, outstanding flavor, damn good smoke. If you haven’t tried them, do not wait another day."
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,Excellent smoke
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,With stopping for this roadkill!!,Good full bodied smoke. Nice length and ring gauge for a lunch or mid afternoon smokers
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,Stellar!!!,"These are a phenomenal two-hour smoke: superbly crafted, even burn, great billows of smoke. It’s my new favorite cigar. The packaging is remarkable - each one arrives in its own individual box, and the big box is itself a fine keepsake. Love these things!!!"
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,Ride the Steel Horse,Really good smoke with nice burn. Flavorful stick that you indulge when you are not in a hurry and want to relax.
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,Steel Horse,Great smoke...ordering more
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,4 out of 5,Steel horse,Love them great taste and good smoke
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,Nicely flavored,Great smoke and nice smooth flavor
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,Great !!nice smoke.,Great !!nice smoke.
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,Monster enjoyment,"This is a flavorful, mouth filling adventure of s smoke. Devote the time it demands. Be prepared for the occasional less than satisfactory even burn. Rolling these perfectly can't be easy, but even the problem sticks weren't that disappointing. This is a prime example of what's enjoyable in the large ring trend; it's terrific!"
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,CAO Flathead Steel Horse,A very outstanding cigar. I really enjoy the taste of this cigar.
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,3 out of 5,Apehanger,Good smoke. Nice draw. Not much change. Picks up intensity on final third. Like it and will smoke more
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,Consistently good,I’ve been a big fan of the bigger version of this cigar for years so decided to try this one. Flavorful and burns even
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,Bullneck,Good long smoke. Even burn. Good to the last puff.
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,Flathead,"Great smoke, great draw and overall flavor. One of my favorites."
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,Perfect smoke!,"The ring guage is perfect for me, not too small, not too big. This makes for a smooth draw of lots of heavy bodied, flavorful smoke."
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,4 out of 5,Apehanger,Cool name...ok cigar.
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,4 out of 5,Need more free shipping deals,Need more free shipping deals
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,Robusto Robert,"Good cigar , nice draw ."
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,Smoth,"Taste great, burns real nice, nice white ash. Very good cigar"
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,Great smooke,Very impressed with this cigar
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,Steel horse apehanger,Great cigar....... my second go to from the carb660 which is my first choice. Would definitely purchase again!
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,CAL Steel Horse,One of my favorites
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,Cao flathead cigars,"Cao hit it out the park with the flathead
What else can I say nice job!!"
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,Good smoke,"If you like a large ring cigar, you will enjoy the steel horse"
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,Love them,Simply superb
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,I love this place.,They are so on top of their game. Great resource to have.
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,Excellent smoke
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,Petfection,Very good cigar
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,Full throttle flavor,"Very good smoke. This tasty treasure took a little bit for me to get going but the flavor was great. Chose a punch cut for the first because of the ""flat head"" and a straight cut for the others. Love them and highly reccomend"
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,4 out of 5,Amazing,A little lighter than the Flathead (barely). Definitely a good smoke and one to try
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,Roadkill!!!!!,"Bought a box of the roadkill. Love this cigar! Great flavor, draw and great smoke out put!"
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,Flathead steel,Good cigar I think that I like the flathead 770 a little better
CAO Flathead V19,5 out of 5,Love em!!!!!!!! 💨💨💨💨💨,Love em!!!!!!!! 💨💨💨💨💨
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,Love love love. 💖,Love love love. 💖
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,Great little cigar,These little cigars have a great flavor and very mild.
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,Nice blend!,Nice blend!
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,Just right,"Great flavor, everyone I gave one to loved them. Perfect for a drive home from work or a short time to relax."
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,"Wife is not a smoker,","Wife is not a smoker, but will puff on these while drinking a glass of wine. Keeps me company when I want to smoke a cigar."
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,Great everyday cigar,Great everyday cigar
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,cao honey corona,Love this honey can smokey it all the way
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,The wife loves this one,The wife loves this one.
CAO Flavours,4 out of 5,Good,"Good for the price, yet value interesting"
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,Love the Smell,I bought these for my friend because they are hard to find in our area. He comes over to smoke a cigar and I just love the smell. He says they are smooth tasting. The only ones he smokes. Thank you for a great product and fast shipping.
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,Great tasting smooth smoke for,Great tasting smooth smoke for a dog walk
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,Smooth & flavorful,Smooth & flavorful
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,CAO Moontrance,Good tasting quick smoke. My favorite of the flavored cigars.
CAO Flavours,4 out of 5,A good short smoke,A good short smoke
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,Luxuriating Experience,"For me, CAO Moontrance cigars accompanied with my favorite adult beverage is just pure luxury."
CAO Flavours,4 out of 5,Buen sabor y agradable olor.,Buen sabor y agradable olor.
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,Great price,Great smoke
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,Flavor,Great flavor with a cool and smooth draw 👌
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,Thanks,Thanks
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,Thanks,Thanks
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,Thanks,Thanks
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,Good taste even burn,Good taste even burn
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,Moontrance Mini,"Great flavor, good draw and very enjoyable for a quick smoke break."
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,Cherrybomb mini,"Great flavor, good draw and very enjoyable for a quick smoke break."
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,Honey Mini,"Very good flavor, good draw and love that they are for quick smoke breaks."
CAO Flavours,3 out of 5,Not Really for me but my wife,Not really for me but my wife likes them is nice when the wife tills me to grab a cigar for her as we Set an on the deck. Back to the cigar is minty on the litter Side.
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,Good flavor and nice aroma.,Good flavor and nice aroma.
CAO Flavours,3 out of 5,👍,👍
CAO Flavours,4 out of 5,Surprisingly nice little smokes,"Surprised by how mild the flavoring was and the quality of the sticks themselves. Was expecting a Backwoods and got quite a nice, well-made mini cigar. Clean wrapper, even burn, no harshness, not too sweet or heavy. Flavor was honest rather than chemical candy. Great value in a 10-pack of minis."
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,Great Cigar!!,Great smoke!! Love the aroma and flavor of this cigar!! It smells and smokes like a pipe!!
CAO Flavours,4 out of 5,nice cigar,"good cigar, mild and short. Not to sweet as I thought it would be"
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,Very nice short smoke,Very nice short smoke
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,My great go to cigar.,My great go to cigar.
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,Wife and I both love,Wife and I both love these smooth and just the right amount to have a drink with!
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,CAO Flavours Moontrance Mini,The wife loves these and think their the best.
CAO Flavours,4 out of 5,Good but not perfect,"Not much of a cherry flavor on the outside wrapper which is disappointing, but overall a nice quick smoke. There is a sweet taste about 2/3 through and the other 1/3 is just a real nasty earthiness which I personally don't look for in a flavored cigar. If you are looking for good high quality flavored cigars I prefer Drew Estates cigars."
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,Just right for that quick smoke,Was looking for a tasty smoke to finish quickly in these winter times in Iowa and these do the job. Great taste and smoke. Highly recommended
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,CAO,"very good taste, mild and soft. it is like caramel."
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,good mini cigars,"it's sweet and mild cigar, good to take some small talking or break something. recommend this thing."
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,Love them,Love them
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,Excellent,These cigars taste amazing and arrived in premium condition
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,"Good deal, great smoke",CAO makes an excellent cigar and CI gives a good deal on the brand.
CAO Flavours,4 out of 5,great little cigars to smoke,great little cigars to smoke when the weather gets cold out.
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,heavenly,love the smell and the taste of this cigar. one of the few flavored cigars I'll smoke
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,Smooth and mellow,"I have been buying these for years. Love, love them. Nice flavor and smooth smoke. Good draw to the end."
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,Nothing compares to Moontrance,"As a new cigar/cigarillo smoker, this was the first one I tried based on others I know enjoying it, and I was not at all disappointed. Since enjoying my first Moontrance cigarillo, nothing else compares. I have tried a variety of different flavors, both from CAO and other manufacturers, but nothing competes with Moontrance. From the first whiff of opening the tin to the last puff, this is a delightful product and I look forward to enjoying it each time."
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,Pleasant surprise,"What a pleasant surprise! I had never even considered this smoke, but it was one of the selections in a sampler that arrived yesterday. So, not knowing what to expect, I fired one up this afternoon. Very smooth, great draw, and nice flavor without being annoyingly sweet. A keeper..."
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,"Smooth, light and flavorful.","Smooth, light and flavorful."
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent 20 min smoke. The burn taste and draw are just like a full size cigar. Nice when you are short on time but want a quick smoke.
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,Sweet ending,"A pleasant, short little smoke at end of the evening. My wife loves them."
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great little cigar,These little cigars have a great flavor and very mild.
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Nice blend!,Nice blend!
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,"Wife is not a smoker,","Wife is not a smoker, but will puff on these while drinking a glass of wine. Keeps me company when I want to smoke a cigar."
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great everyday cigar,Great everyday cigar
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,The wife loves this one,The wife loves this one.
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Good,"Good for the price, yet value interesting"
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Love the Smell,I bought these for my friend because they are hard to find in our area. He comes over to smoke a cigar and I just love the smell. He says they are smooth tasting. The only ones he smokes. Thank you for a great product and fast shipping.
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great tasting smooth smoke for,Great tasting smooth smoke for a dog walk
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Smooth & flavorful,Smooth & flavorful
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,CAO Moontrance,Good tasting quick smoke. My favorite of the flavored cigars.
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Buen sabor y agradable olor.,Buen sabor y agradable olor.
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great price,Great smoke
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Flavor,Great flavor with a cool and smooth draw 👌
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Thanks,Thanks
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Thanks,Thanks
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Thanks,Thanks
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Good taste even burn,Good taste even burn
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Moontrance Mini,"Great flavor, good draw and very enjoyable for a quick smoke break."
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Cherrybomb mini,"Great flavor, good draw and very enjoyable for a quick smoke break."
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Honey Mini,"Very good flavor, good draw and love that they are for quick smoke breaks."
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Surprisingly nice little smokes,"Surprised by how mild the flavoring was and the quality of the sticks themselves. Was expecting a Backwoods and got quite a nice, well-made mini cigar. Clean wrapper, even burn, no harshness, not too sweet or heavy. Flavor was honest rather than chemical candy. Great value in a 10-pack of minis."
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,4 out of 5,nice cigar,"good cigar, mild and short. Not to sweet as I thought it would be"
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Very nice short smoke,Very nice short smoke
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Wife and I both love,Wife and I both love these smooth and just the right amount to have a drink with!
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,CAO Flavours Moontrance Mini,The wife loves these and think their the best.
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Good but not perfect,"Not much of a cherry flavor on the outside wrapper which is disappointing, but overall a nice quick smoke. There is a sweet taste about 2/3 through and the other 1/3 is just a real nasty earthiness which I personally don't look for in a flavored cigar. If you are looking for good high quality flavored cigars I prefer Drew Estates cigars."
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Just right for that quick smoke,Was looking for a tasty smoke to finish quickly in these winter times in Iowa and these do the job. Great taste and smoke. Highly recommended
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,CAO,"very good taste, mild and soft. it is like caramel."
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,good mini cigars,"it's sweet and mild cigar, good to take some small talking or break something. recommend this thing."
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,4 out of 5,great little cigars to smoke,great little cigars to smoke when the weather gets cold out.
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Smooth and mellow,"I have been buying these for years. Love, love them. Nice flavor and smooth smoke. Good draw to the end."
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Nothing compares to Moontrance,"As a new cigar/cigarillo smoker, this was the first one I tried based on others I know enjoying it, and I was not at all disappointed. Since enjoying my first Moontrance cigarillo, nothing else compares. I have tried a variety of different flavors, both from CAO and other manufacturers, but nothing competes with Moontrance. From the first whiff of opening the tin to the last puff, this is a delightful product and I look forward to enjoying it each time."
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent 20 min smoke. The burn taste and draw are just like a full size cigar. Nice when you are short on time but want a quick smoke.
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Sweet ending,"A pleasant, short little smoke at end of the evening. My wife loves them."
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great cigarillo,Great cigarillo
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Moontrance cigarillo,"Cao moontrance cigarillo, so far these are my favorite flavored cigarillo. Great flavor from beginning all the way to the end. Stays lit, doesn't run or overheat. Next, I'm going to try the Eileen's dream."
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Great smoke okay price,Amazing little smoke for on shift. About twenty minutes is the threshold for these. Good flavor and doesn't burn as hot as I would anticipate for a cigarillos. Would've gotten five star but the price is a bit steep.
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great smoke,I really like these for a fairly quick and enjoyable change from the big sticks. Moontrance and Mango are my faves.
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Well worth a try.,This is one of my favorite quick smokes.
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Smooth,"Creamy, chocolaty, bit of whiskyness, not too sweet. You can still taste the good tobacco. Great short smoke. Also pleasant for being around nonsmokers."
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,"Nice flavor, awesome for a","Nice flavor, awesome for a quick, short smoke."
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Good cigars,"Great for a quicker smoke, about 15-20 minutes or so. The flavor is not quite the same as the pipe tobacco of the same ""flavour"", but still very good. Burns fine the whole way through."
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,For the price and flavor,Great cigar!
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,My Favorite,A favorite of mine and my friends. And the price is always great.
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Moontrace,These have become the second favorite outside of the acids by drew estates
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Wow like a great treat,Wow like a great treat at the end of work day
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Excellent service and price,"Fast shipping and great price, love the cigarillos as they are fresh and taste great."
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Lovely Little Smoke,"Well made and delicious. The flavoring is subtle, the construction is very good, and the draw is nice. About a 30 minute smoke...leaves a nice vapor trail, lol."
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great winter smoke,These patanellas are a great way to have a quick outdoor smoke during the cold winter months. Well constructed and great complex floral flavors of spices. Hard to stop at just having one. ;-)
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Not Bad,not bad but not up to my liking
CAO Fuma em Corda,5 out of 5,Excellent Smoke with a great,Excellent Smoke with a great finish
CAO Fuma em Corda,5 out of 5,Perfect draw... medium to bold... never fails,Very good cigar. When ever I see they are available I order several boxes. Am excellent go-to smoke in the evenings
CAO Fuma em Corda,5 out of 5,Great stick,Well worth the price. Quality smoke with hints of dark chocolate and coffee. A great value
CAO Fuma em Corda,5 out of 5,Will buy again,"Definetly a unique taste, but very good. Lasts a long time and stays lit."
CAO Fuma em Corda,5 out of 5,Awsome cigar,I think I may need to buy another box of these. this cigar puts out a lot of smoke and burns even and wow what flavor..
CAO Fuma em Corda,5 out of 5,Released only every 4 years. What year is this ?,"Every 4 yrs/ Cameroon on the inside? Puzzling, but a great stick.
Robusto is the better of the 2. And cost the same when you can find them. Seems to burn much more even. And don't have to commit an hour to enjoy it.
Getting another humidor just to stock up on these."
CAO Fuma em Corda,5 out of 5,Amazon Trilogy,"CAO Fuma em Corda is like a rich cup of coffee. I've also tried and enjoy the 3rd in the trilogy, Anaconda, but so far Fuma holds the #1 spot. I finally was able to locate the 1st in the series, Amazon Basin, and if it's anything like Corda and Anaconda, I will have the pleasure of saying I endulged in the unique flavors of Brazilian tobacco."
CAO Fuma em Corda,5 out of 5,Bold Flavor,This cigar is bold and flavorful. CAO knocked it out of the park once again!
CAO Fuma em Corda,5 out of 5,Love these,Deep and rich flavor. Even burn. Well constructed. Highly recommend.
CAO Fuma em Corda,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"Very good cigar, a little creamy peperie coffee taste good persistent taste Unic taste. Gives off a good amount of smoke with a good smooth draw."
CAO Fuma em Corda,5 out of 5,Cao,Love this cigar very well rounded smooth burning smooth tasting one of my better ones in my cigar case Was very pleased
CAO Fuma em Corda,5 out of 5,Just buy it,"This is a great cigar and if you keep looking at it, just buy it. You won’t regret it"
CAO Fuma em Corda,5 out of 5,Fuma em Cordo,"To think the cameroon is on the inside, was new for me. If you like Cameroon look no further.
Enjoyed the robusto more. Also, the robusto seem better assembled.
After the leaf is harvested, the leaf is tied and left to ferment for 4 years.
My understanding is this cigar, regardless of size is also only released every 4 years.
Get them, while the getting is good."
CAO Fuma em Corda,5 out of 5,Excellent stick,Excellent stick
CAO Fuma em Corda,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
CAO Fuma em Corda,3 out of 5,CAO Fuma em Corda toro,Does not live up to the hype-
CAO Fuma em Corda,5 out of 5,Great Cigars. Great price,The Fuma is a great cigar. The price was great. It’s nice that CI has this product now. Keep getting this product. The Anaconda and Basin is another product from the same tobacco growing area that it would be nice to be able to buy👍👍👍
CAO Fuma em Corda,2 out of 5,Mike Indiana,Cigars arrived very dry. I have them in humidor three weeks hopefully they will rehydrate.
CAO Fuma em Corda,5 out of 5,Awesome Smoke!,This is one of the best CAO sticks I have ever had. Well balanced with a smooth pepper taste and hints of fruit. It gets better towards the middle. So good I bought a second box. I'm going to age them for a couple years. This stick is right up the with the Amazon Basin!!
CAO Gold,5 out of 5,"Perfect after dinner smoke, great","Perfect after dinner smoke, great tobacco, perfect burn."
CAO Gold,4 out of 5,Quality cigar. Smooth flavor,Quality cigar. Smooth flavor
CAO Gold,5 out of 5,CAO Gold mini's (5 packs of 20),"I really like this mini cigar. It doesn't burn hot, smokes evenly, has a nice earthy taste that's not overpowering or sweet, it's packaged nicely, good 10 minute smoke and priced reasonably. Highly recommended!"
CAO Gold,5 out of 5,Dependable and a Good Value,"Inasmuch as I prefer something in the mild to medium range, I find the CAO Golds to be very well rolled, consistent in flavor throughout the box, and with nice nuances of spice (especially vanilla, at least on my palate) start to finish. Holds an ash well and, while not cheap, a good value for the money. Consider them on a par with the Romeo y Julieta Vintage."
CAO Gold,5 out of 5,CAO Gold,I discovered these a few months ago in a sampler. A nice tasting milder cigar.
CAO Gold,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"Wanted to try something new. Great smoke, good draw and flavor. Would recommend."
CAO Gold,3 out of 5,A little light on the flavor,Keep them in the wrapper until it is time to smoke. The ends got beat up quick in the humidor.
CAO Gold,4 out of 5,Good consistent cigar,"Nothing like a good consistent cigar after a long day and a good meal. Good medium body, 30 minute cigar."
CAO Gold,4 out of 5,Cap gold robusto,Good draw on the mild side but overall a nice everyday smoke
CAO Gold,4 out of 5,Great cigwr,"The only issue with this cigar is it burns a little faster than you'd think. Other than that, it's a little over what I usually pay for cigars but it has such a great flavor, even burn and good body to it."
CAO Gold,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,I thought this cigar had a great flavor and was very mild. Wasn't a big fan of CAO cigars but this one is a winner.
CAO Gold,5 out of 5,Cao gold,Smooth and flavorful
CAO Gold,4 out of 5,A good relaxing smoke.,A good relaxing smoke.
CAO Gold,5 out of 5,"Fantastic smoothness, unbeatable price","CAO Golds bring an unmatched smoothness to the table that really can't be beat. A great all around smoking experience unhampered by bitterness or unpleasant tastes, this is a cigar that punches way above it's weight. This stick comes highly recommended with an incredibly well deserved reputation as one of CAO's finest. I will definitely be buying again."
CAO Gold,5 out of 5,Gold Churchills,"Nice mellow smoke...slow burner, no harsh back bite...blends well with any good bourbon."
CAO Gold,5 out of 5,Another Great cigar by CAO!,"Another great cigar by CAO! One of my favorites. Just got my order in, and my first one fresh out of the pack is smoking beautifully. Perfect burn, nice draw, and great middle of the road flavor."
CAO Gold,5 out of 5,Definitely a keeper. One of,Definitely a keeper. One of the first cigars I ever smoked
CAO Gold,5 out of 5,"Mellow delicious smoke, always grab","Mellow delicious smoke, always grab them when on sale"
CAO Gold,5 out of 5,golfing,Awesome cigar mild but tasteful
CAO Gold,5 out of 5,cao gold,excellent small cigar very good for a fast smoke between jobs in the yard
CAO Gold,4 out of 5,"well made, mild/medium with good","well made, mild/medium with good flavors and burn."
CAO Gold,4 out of 5,Tasty mello,Good deal
CAO Gold,5 out of 5,Good cigar. Mild yet flavorful,Good cigar. Mild yet flavorful
CAO Gold,3 out of 5,Nice Flavor,Great price for the sale but the feet keep cracking. I recommend leaving them in the plastic until you are ready to smoke.
CAO Gold,5 out of 5,Birmingham Marine,"These are some of the best stogies I’ve had. Very smooth, no after taste or harsh interactions with my taste buds. Great offering !!"
CAO Gold,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
CAO Gold,5 out of 5,Smooth,"Really enjoy these, smooth enough to be your everyday smoke. These will not disappoint but they do burn fast for some reason?"
CAO Gold,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,"Great smoke for the price, very mellow pull to it."
CAO Gold,5 out of 5,1st time buy on CAO.,1st time buy on CAO. Excellent taste and smooth
CAO Gold,4 out of 5,good burn,good burn
CAO Gold,5 out of 5,Good,Very good
CAO Gold,5 out of 5,Awesome,Good Cigar for a quick smoke.
CAO Gold,4 out of 5,OK ///dry,OK ///dry
CAO Gold,4 out of 5,CAO Gold always good.,Smokes Slow
CAO Gold,4 out of 5,Average,"Wasn't blown away by these. However, it wasn't terrible."
CAO Gold,4 out of 5,one of my favorite brands,one of my favorite brands
CAO Gold,5 out of 5,Great cigar for every day,Great cigar for every day smoking
CAO Gold,5 out of 5,light flavor even burn nice,light flavor even burn nice draw
CAO Gold,5 out of 5,Smooth and flavorful burns slow,Smooth and flavorful burns slow and complete
CAO Gold,4 out of 5,Great mild to medium smoke.,Great mild to medium smoke.
CAO Gold,4 out of 5,Good Cigar,Very smooth and pleasing.
CAO Gold,5 out of 5,Very nice,"Super smooth and mellow. Complex flavors, burns nice."
CAO Gold,4 out of 5,Great churchill,Smooth smoke very tasty during golf
CAO Gold,4 out of 5,Nice smoke,Good smooth smoke. I am a fan and would buy again. If you are a novice - this a not a bad smoke to start with or to keep in your humidor. Smooth / not hard.
CAO Gold,5 out of 5,Super Cigar,GREAT CIGAR…I am spacing out the remaining few between other cigars as a treat
CAO Gold,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Nice cigar - I can count on CAO for a reliable cigar.
CAO Gold,5 out of 5,My Go-to Cigar!,"Mild & delicious, my all-time favorite! I enjoy other smokes for a little variety but I always come back to this one."
CAO Gold,5 out of 5,Great,Great
CAO Gold,5 out of 5,Good Smoke,A smooth cigar that isn't over powering. Burns slow. I bought a discounted box and went back to buy a 5 pack.
CAO Gold,4 out of 5,Smoken,Good smoke
CAO Gold Maduro,5 out of 5,CAO Gold Maduro Corona Gorda,I find these cigars to be very favorable and not at all harsh. They are a refreshing smoke with an easy draw. I particularly like the length and ring size for a longer more enjoyable experience.
CAO Gold Maduro,5 out of 5,CAO for evertday,I have always enjoyed CAO Brazilia but thought a slightly less intense version of that cigar would be perfect for all those more casual/less intense times. This cigar hits that spot perfectly. Outstanding CAO burn quality and depth of flavor for a Maduro smoker. Cheers.
CAO Gold Maduro,5 out of 5,I really enjoy them. Great,I really enjoy them. Great tast! Good price!
CAO Gold Maduro,5 out of 5,Won’t be disappointed,Great flavor glad I bought the box !! Can’t beat the price
CAO Gold Maduro,5 out of 5,So good I'd eat them,So good I'd eat them if it was possible.
CAO Gold Maduro,4 out of 5,Good cigar,It’s a nice cigar worth buying
CAO Gold Maduro,4 out of 5,Nice stick,Nice stick. Love Robusto and this one is no different . Very flavorful. Seem to canoe when burning. Otherwise a great smoke.
CAO Gold Maduro,3 out of 5,Great cigar but,Great cigar but the burn on 4 out of five was very very poor
CAO Gold Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar price could be,Great cigar price could be a little cheaper.
CAO Gold Maduro,5 out of 5,CAO Gold Maduro Robusto,"My favorite cigar is a Maduro, my favorite size is a Robusto. This cigar fills the bill for all my pleasures in a great stik! A mild to med smoke that stays the same from lighting to nub. Great flavor! This cigar is new to me, but you can rest assured, it won't be a stranger to my humidors."
CAO Gold Maduro,5 out of 5,pricing and shipping as always right on target,top 5 of all my orders to date. the robusto size is perfect for the patio and pool. smoke is exactly as advertised. will defintely reorder soon.
CAO Gold Maduro,3 out of 5,Good flavor but burned poorly.,The first cigar I had only burned about a third then got mushy and stop the burning all together. Second one burned well. Has a nice peppery flavor. Hopefully the remaining won't have a burn problem.
CAO Gold Maduro,5 out of 5,dark and mild,I was surprised at how much I enjoyed this cigar. A friend recommended this CAO to me as both a reasonably priced and mild cigar. My impression had been that a maduro would be stronger than i would like. Not the case. This was a smooth smoke with just the right strength. I’ll be keeping some of these in my humidor long term.
CAO Gold Maduro,5 out of 5,Very enjoying cigar.would buy again.,Very enjoying cigar.would buy again.
CAO Gold Maduro,5 out of 5,Cao Maduro,"For myself I like a stronger cigar, but there is no denying the smoothness and favors presented in this fine stick"
CAO Gold Maduro,4 out of 5,Good smoke,This is a good smoke on a relaxing day. Only complaint is it seemed to be a little loose on the overall wrapping otherwise will buy again.
CAO Gold Maduro,5 out of 5,Smooth maduro,"I got a five pack of robusto CAO Gold Maduros two weeks ago and smoked my first one today. A smooth, mild cigar that burned evenly. The wrapper held together and the cap stayed intact - important to an enjoyable, hassle free smoke. The flavor was mild but tasty, getting stronger but never bitter near the end. A great cigar for the price."
CAO Gold Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Great Smoke
CAO Gold Maduro,5 out of 5,Outstanding cigar,I just finished a box of these and was really sad. I think the maduro wrapper on this cigar is just perfection.
CAO Gold Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent,"Yes, these are excellent cigars. I plan to order more and more. Try ‘em and you’ll like ‘em."
CAO Gold Maduro,5 out of 5,CAO Gold Maduro,"I have purchased these for the past 3 years. They are an excellent smoke. Will continue to keep these in my humidor along with other fine smokes. Easy draw, good taste, nice smoke and the ash really tells the story of a perfect wrapped cigar."
CAO Gold Maduro,5 out of 5,CAO Gold Maduro Torpedo,One of my top ten favorites they never disappoint.
CAO Gold Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent Recommendation,A friend recommended the CAO Gold Maduro Churchill cigars and it was a great choice. I am enjoying them and plan to reorder them with my next order
CAO Gold Maduro,5 out of 5,CAO Gold Maduro Robusto,A very nice smoke...will purchase more.
CAO Gold Maduro,5 out of 5,Another 5 for CAO!,Another 5 for CAO. I never have had ( One ) bad cigar from CAO. This one is delicious and of course you get CAO quality.
CAO Gold Maduro,5 out of 5,CAO Gold Maduro Churchill,Excellent cigar and balanced smoke. I generally order a box of 20 every few months and enjoy their easy draw and rich flavor.
CAO Gold Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent!,"Excellent cigar. I am a fan of the maduro wrapper and loved the Cao Gold so I figured this combination is a can't miss. I was correct. Purchased a 5 pack to try them out and immediately purchased a whole box. These are a great buy for anyone. They are a medium, smooth smoke with a touch of spice on the wrapper. Highly recommend."
CAO Gold Maduro,5 out of 5,Totally sutisfied,"Prompt delivery, great prices, high quality, ..., totally sutisfied. Thanks, CI!"
CAO ICON,5 out of 5,"Awesome smoke, nice draw. Long","Awesome smoke, nice draw. Long lasting."
CAO ICON,5 out of 5,CAO Chow Chow,What can I say it’s a CAO..... Instant classic.... of all the ICONs that just appeared the CAO is the best with its dark leathery wrapper you know it’s gonna have some peppery chocolate notes all in a quality wrapper - guess what no disappointment here!
CAO ICON,5 out of 5,You will need a box!,"Bold yet smooth! CAO is my go to and these are right there with Flatheads. Coffee, wood notes, with a tiny sprinkle of floral/fruitiness. These don't disappoint!"
CAO ICON,5 out of 5,CAO Icon,Great smoke! Had my first one from the Whack a Deal after a purchase of my usuals. Next purchase was two boxes of these. Highly recommend.
CAO ICON,5 out of 5,CAO,Awesome as usual!
CAO ICON,4 out of 5,Decent cigar,"I was looking for an alternative to the MX2, and this fills the void between that and lighter cigars. I'm pleased with the medium+ strength and good flavor profile...all at a reasonable price."
CAO ICON,5 out of 5,Took me by surprise,First of all I am never disappointed with Cigars International. Second these CAO Icons are amazing. What a smooth burn and great taste from start to finish.
CAO ICON,5 out of 5,Icon,A very rich and smooth cigar. Much like the Flatheads I always smoke. Well worth my money. I have ordered another 2 boxes of them.
CAO ICON,4 out of 5,I like a tasty medium,"I like a tasty medium to full cigar with a glass of whiskey in the early evening while gazing out at the lights of Waikiki from my balcony and this cigar fits the bill every time, ALOHA"
CAO ICON,5 out of 5,Perfect!,"Perfect!!
CAO Brazilia and Columbia have always been my favorite.
The Icon has now taken over 1st place. If your a CAO fan
I highly recommend you give this one a try!!"
CAO ICON,5 out of 5,Robust and hearty,loved it
CAO ICON,5 out of 5,best smoke I've had this,best smoke I've had this year... Really enjoy the wrap and perfect balance of this smoke
CAO ICON,5 out of 5,Really Like It,Really like this one. It's similar in flavor to the Macanudo Inspirado Black.
CAO ICON,5 out of 5,Worth it. Smokes like an,Worth it. Smokes like an Mx2 with a sweet flavorrd wrapper.
CAO ICON,5 out of 5,Craig c.,Another great cao
CAO ICON,4 out of 5,"Try one, it’s a nice cigar !","I’m not good at flowery descriptions of taste. Suffice to say I get mocha, wood and some spice. In any case the construction is great, burn nice and straight, draw good. A really nice cigar, try it I think you’ll like it."
CAO Italia,5 out of 5,My first,This will always be my first and favorite cigar
CAO Italia,5 out of 5,Excellent price Excellent service,"Excellent price
Excellent service"
CAO Italia,5 out of 5,CAO Italia Piazza. Very nice cigar,CAO is my favorite brand and the Italia is an excellent smoke from start to finish.
CAO Italia,5 out of 5,CAO Italia Cigar,"This is a wonderful smoking cigar, full of flavor, very mild and smooth. Hints of coffee and mild nutty flavors come through, burns mild all the way down. Would highly recommend this cigar to all."
CAO Italia,5 out of 5,Very smooth smokes,Very enjoyable from start to finish! Another superb CAO cigar
CAO Italia,5 out of 5,Wonderful!,"First third: bold but smooth. Deep earth, sweet cedar with some bitter cocoa and leather in the background. Picking up some spice notes as well. Spice notes definitely picked up. All the above playing very well together...loving the flavor!
Second third: Midway spice fades a tiny bit and the sweet wood/grass picks up. Otherwise no changes really which is good because I'm loving the flavor as is! Toward the end a bit of white pepper on the tongue. Cedar picked up just a bit.
Final third: white pepper faded off. An earthy, milk chocolate and mild cedar are dominant early. Midway cedar picks up a bit.
At the end. Cedar has faded a bit once again. Earth and chocolate with a definite sweet grass flavor.
Overall: Fantastic flavor! I'm not sure but maybe even better than the Brazilia. One touch up in the first third and a minor touch up in the final.
A definite buy again!"
CAO Italia,4 out of 5,I was torpedoed,Just got these today I'm not a strong cigar smoker and I usually don't get the full effects of flavor until half way through but this cigar was bursting with tasty flavor from the beginning and just got better a definite four stars plus for me.
CAO Italia,5 out of 5,Viva Italia,One of the best tasting and even burning cigars I've had. I'm extremely impressed by how well made and delicious these are.
CAO Italia,5 out of 5,great smoke,This cigar is mild and a very smooth smoke. I enjoy them greatly.
CAO Italia,4 out of 5,"Well made, decent cigar","I love CAO because they are always so consistent. These Italias are very nice, well-constructed cigars. I usually buy their Brazillia stick, but wanted to try something slightly milder. However, to my palette, these were as strong, if not stronger, than the Brazillia."
CAO Italia,4 out of 5,Medium sweet smoke at a,Medium sweet smoke at a good price
CAO Italia,4 out of 5,Cao Italia,A nice medium body cigar with a smooth clean burn
CAO Italia,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Awesome smoke
CAO Italia,5 out of 5,One of my favorites,"Great cigar, good taste and very smooth."
CAO Italia,4 out of 5,It’s a nice smoke.,It’s a nice smoke.
CAO Italia,5 out of 5,A favorite,Consistent flavor and quality means repeated enjoyment. My father-in-law and I smoke everyday and these are out favorites!
CAO Italia,3 out of 5,CAO Italia,Ok but found the Brasília a more favorable finish.
CAO Italia,5 out of 5,Love them,Love them
CAO Italia,5 out of 5,Love this cigar,"One of my all time favorites. Prefer the Ciao in size, rolled excellent superb draw, even burn all the way through. Quite tasty with just with a little spice which makes it nice. Love this cigar."
CAO Italia,5 out of 5,Delicious!,Delicious!
CAO Italia,5 out of 5,Great Smoke !,Great Smoke. Enjoy everytime.
CAO Italia,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
CAO Italia,3 out of 5,smooth and cheap,decent daily
CAO Italia,3 out of 5,Not bad,Decent daily cigar
CAO Italia,5 out of 5,Italias,My favorite cigar reasonably priced always consistent!
CAO Italia,5 out of 5,"Great smoke, burns well and","Great smoke, burns well and just an overall all great smoke."
CAO Italia,4 out of 5,CAO ITALIA,GOOD CONSISTENT SMOKE
CAO Italia,5 out of 5,This is a can't miss!,This is a can't miss!
CAO Italia,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
CAO Italia,5 out of 5,Years,I've been satisfied with this cigar for about ten years.
CAO Italia,4 out of 5,Well balanced for the price,Perfect for after dinner
CAO Italia,5 out of 5,CAO. Italia,Great smoke
CAO Italia,5 out of 5,Great smoke,These are my new favorite cigars
CAO Italia,2 out of 5,Won't draw,I really like these cigars but after several boxes I find that about one out of four will not draw. It is really almost painful to try to smoke one of these. The last two I just throw away in anger. Looking for another favorite.
CAO Italia,5 out of 5,No,Ok
CAO Italia,4 out of 5,Good cigar smooth no aftertaste,Good cigar smooth no aftertaste
CAO Italia,5 out of 5,One of my favorites,"Great flavor, good draw, always have a few in my humidor"
CAO Italia,5 out of 5,Always CAO,Always CAO
CAO Italia,4 out of 5,Great Stick 4 the price,"CAO Is my go to cigar with the brazila my favorite. Followed by the Italia. The look of the Italia is attractive. The feel is firm. And the aroma before lighting says, I can’t wait to smoke this. The Italia is a full bodied cigar but less bite. I didn’t get that end burn. Has a bit of sweetness. The burn was even and only had to touch it up a few time. The ash was white. For $4.50/$5.00 bucks, it’s a great smoke"
CAO Italia,4 out of 5,Enjoyable with my afternoon drink,Enjoyable with my afternoon drink
CAO Italia,5 out of 5,Cao italia,"I have smoked cao for years, but lately both Italia and America cigars have been sub par. About half of the boxes have suffered from poor construction( tunneling) and have burned canoeing. I have contacted CAO without response in the past. I’m about to give up on CAO cigars."
CAO Italia,5 out of 5,Excellent construct. Beautiful draw. A,Excellent construct. Beautiful draw. A very good cigar
CAO Italia,5 out of 5,Top 5 favorites,Unbelievable flavor and aroma. Adding it to my top 5 cigars.
CAO Italia,5 out of 5,Tasty,Tasty
CAO Italia,5 out of 5,CAO Italia,"Flavorful, unique-love this one! CAO brings it!"
CAO Italia,4 out of 5,Impressed,I smoke a lot of Alec Bradley and Oliva. Thought I would give these a try and have to say an excellent cigar for the reasonable price
CAO Italia,4 out of 5,Molto Bene!,"Wonderful draw. Always well made. Just right in the hand. Balanced spice, strong tobacco notes and lite sweetness on the palate. A consistently tasty smoke...but The CAO America is even better. Get some."
CAO Italia,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,"Strong flavor, smooth long smoke"
CAO Italia,5 out of 5,Rich like a nigaraguan without the harshness.,"I enjoy the richness of this cigar, without the harsh bite of some Nicaraguans."
CAO Italia,5 out of 5,CAO Italia,Great cigar smooth great taste
CAO La Traviata,4 out of 5,Good Special Deal,"Great right out of the box. Slow, tasty burn and perfect draw. Really pleased!!!"
CAO La Traviata Maduro,4 out of 5,Strong Stogie,"Excellent cigar, but I warn you...do not smoke this one on an empty stomach! It is strong. Great flavor, though, and an even burn all they way through. I'm fast becoming a CAO fan. Should have tried CAO a long time ago, but now I'm catching up. Thanks CI!"
CAO La Traviata Maduro,5 out of 5,Nice even burn on every,Nice even burn on every stick.
CAO La Traviata Maduro,3 out of 5,Enjoyable 4 the price,"Box smoked fairly well, a few sticks were too tight. Very chewy until about 1/3 in. It starts to take on a acridic ashtray flavor(without ever being in an ashtray) right about half way unfortunately. The first third is delightful though. I got at a good price, so worth it. Good smoke in the morning with your coffee"
CAO La Traviata Maduro,4 out of 5,Pretty good smoke in a little body,"I bought these for the price and it's well worth it. Nice flavor, body and taste packed into a little cigar."
CAO La Traviata Maduro,5 out of 5,CAO La Traviata,Great stick. Great flavor and a smooth even burn.
CAO La Traviata Maduro,4 out of 5,Not as good as the Opera,"The length and price on this cigar are just right. However,the cigar smokes and tastes average. It has a chemical taste for the first 1/3 and then it settles in with some anise, dark tobacco and coffee notes. It pairs ok with coffee but little else for my taste.
When this opera ends the fat lady doesn't sing."
CAO La Traviata Maduro,3 out of 5,Good,Not as good as the Brasília ... but they were good
CAO La Traviata Maduro,4 out of 5,Nice,Was a good buy.
CAO La Traviata Maduro,4 out of 5,Great,Surprisingly....Awesome!
CAO La Traviata Maduro,5 out of 5,Awesome cigar !!,Awesome cigar !!
CAO La Traviata Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke,If you’ve never tried this cigar you need to right now. Excellent flavor throughout and extremely smooth. Great all the way around and at an amazing price.
CAO La Traviata Maduro,4 out of 5,"Enjoyed it, great cigar for","Enjoyed it, great cigar for the money!"
CAO La Traviata Maduro,4 out of 5,Yum.,"Great smoke. Not as good as Nica Libres, but they'll do. By the way CI, when is that new batch due in? Been waitin' for a while now."
CAO La Traviata Maduro,5 out of 5,Another Great Cigar,Just another great buy
CAO La Traviata Maduro,4 out of 5,Love CAO,"Nice cigar, my size, meaning , shorter duration, my flavor, DARK, burns well. Need some more NICE DISCOUNTS on CAO."
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,5 out of 5,BEST CIGAR EVER,"Best flavor and great draw, burns well smoked these for years.
Do not change a thing. maybe lower the price would be nice."
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,4 out of 5,Underrated,I would rate this cigar at 94
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,5 out of 5,Great value at twice the price.,"This my go to cigar. Phenomenal stick! Flawless burn, effortless draw, tons of flavor. I just can't believe the value.
JoeFlorida's..."
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,4 out of 5,CAO Cameroon,Great cigars in a nice box for a bonus.
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,4 out of 5,"Not fancy, but I sure love them.","Well, you can see all the great ratings, but after years of smoking these, I had to write my own. It's not a spicy cigar, it's not complex... nothing fancy... but they are very tasty, very. And well made. What else could I really ask for? I love these things."
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,5 out of 5,Great cigars at Great price,Great cigars at Great price
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,5 out of 5,CAO,The CAO Anniversarire is my go everyday cigar.
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,5 out of 5,"Perfect combo of filler, binder, and wrapper. Burns and smokes like a $50 cigar","After smoking this to about the middle of the stoggie, I was so impressed I had to bring this cigar inside to inspect it under the light to get a glimpse of the ash color and inside filler. The filler, wrapper, and binder combination used here is as close to perfection as it can get. For an under rated, rather unknown cigar I have to say they did a fantastic job. Picked up another 5 to verify it wasn't a fluke, now moving on to box purchases for these. I really think the Camaroon wrapper adds a great zip to it!
Ed"
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,5 out of 5,Great service and great cigar,Great service and great cigar
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,5 out of 5,CAO robusto,"My favorite stooges, great flavor and smooth to the finish"
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,5 out of 5,Love these,Love these
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,5 out of 5,Great Smokes,I received my order quickly. The cigars were perfectly humid and smoked great. Very pleased!
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,5 out of 5,O.M.G TRY A COUPLE .....PLEASE,"Spices,Spices and more SPICES, GOOD DRAW, GOOD BURN & O.M.G. THE FLAVOR IS ,WELL OUTSTANDING.I RATE THE TOROS 96.. THATS ME!!! MAXOFTEXAS"
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,4 out of 5,Cameroon Paradise!,This smoke has rich and creamy flavor straight through to the end! The perfect finish to a great meal and drinks!
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,5 out of 5,CAO Cameron Wrap,"This is my favorite and only cigar that I enjoy. easy draw great Cameron flavor .
Do not change a thing to this cigar and please continue to carry this cigar for all us that enjoy this mid -smoke"
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,4 out of 5,Good with brandy,"Very pleasant smoke. I had it with a VSOP Prunier cognac and they complemented each other nicely. The mouth is mellow and long lasting. I gave it four rather than five stars because it is perhaps a little too fast-burning. I reached the end after just 25 minutes. Definitely worth the money, though."
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,5 out of 5,Great,One of my favorites. A nice medium bodied smoke.
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,5 out of 5,Rediscovered,Had them once in a sampler took advantage of the great offer for a top shelf smoke!
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,4 out of 5,nice smoke,nice smoke
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,5 out of 5,Very smooth,Very smooth
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,5 out of 5,CAO cameroon,"Great smoke, great price"
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,5 out of 5,cao cammeroon,Exceptional smoke for the money
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,4 out of 5,CAO Cameroon,The Cameroon is one of my favorites. I'd give it 5 stars but I reserve that for only THE best. This is smooth from start to finish. Need I say more?
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,5 out of 5,Best Ever,"I always take the opportunity to buy these, especially on sale! Can’t refuse. My first and best ‘wow’ cigar experience that stays with me."
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,5 out of 5,Mellow with Flavor,Hands down a great smoke for all types
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,5 out of 5,Cao,Very nice
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,5 out of 5,excellent,excellent
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,4 out of 5,CAO,This is a cigar I have smoked for years! It’s one of my favorites. Can’t go wrong with this one!!
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,3 out of 5,Cao,Not a bad stick for a short walk
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,5 out of 5,Anniversary Cameroon,Without a doubt my favorite. The box press and burns great.
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,5 out of 5,Mild taste,Mild taste
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,4 out of 5,Good not great,"Nice cigar burns well, smooth nice flavor at the beginning kind of falls out at the end. Over all good but not great."
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,5 out of 5,"Best bang for the buck, period!","Phenomenal stick! Flawless burn, effortless draw, toms of smoke and flavor. I just can't believe the value. I would buy at twice the price!"
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,CAO Cameroon is one of the best of the CAO's line of cigars. An excellent smoke!
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,5 out of 5,Very Good Smoke,"Firm, even burn, with pleasant taste."
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,3 out of 5,dry,I love the cigar. when I received them they were dry.
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,5 out of 5,Cameroon!,"An awesome milder but tasty treat!
I purchase these whenever they go on sale to keep my humidor stocked!"
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,5 out of 5,Perfect,Perfect
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,5 out of 5,CAO - Cameroon,One of my favorite cigars. always smooth with great flavor. They arrived quickly and fresh and in great shape. These are always on the list for a repeat order. A quality cigar and a great value.
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,4 out of 5,Excellent Medium Bodied Smokes,I have ordered these CAO Cameroon cigars a few times and will continue to do so. There are tasty medium body cigars which are contently well built. These are good smokes for both experienced and new smokers alike.
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,5 out of 5,My Go To Smoke,"Five Stars, These are smooth with no bitter after taste, draw well & burn evenly."
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,4 out of 5,Fore!,This is the perfect Cigar for Golf
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,5 out of 5,Great value,"I haven't opened the box yet, they are a favorite! I would compare them to Fuentes Hemingway. A great price for a great cigar."
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,5 out of 5,My favorite cigar,I love CAO and this is very smooth but potent cigar
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,5 out of 5,I did not receive the,I did not receive the Belliscos I ordered. Received Toros which I previously ordered. Reported and received credit. Cigars are excellent
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,4 out of 5,CAO Cameroon,I was kind of expecting this to be a mild flavored cigar. It’s got kick to it! The last 1/4 was so flavorable it was really hard to put down. Great stick for the price.
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,4 out of 5,Solid CAO,"Got in a sampler, odd shaped cigar but good taste and GREAT burn, thick long Ash but first 1/2 was a very tough draw. Maybe just need some time in the humidor."
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,5 out of 5,Great cigar,One of the best values of high rated smokes out there
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,5 out of 5,Great,Great
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,5 out of 5,A Fine Cigar,"A medium strength smoke that burns evenly, and has a perfect draw for the whole cigar."
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,Good cigar for the price,"Got these because of the alleged connection to the sopranos I read somewhere that this is one the cigars JamesGandolfini smoked On the show, and although that’s debatable the quality is not. This cigar has a smooth draw, good construction and a pleasant flavor great after work with a cup of coffee or a beer! Always burns pretty straight and for me so far have been consistent I would recommend getting as they are relatively inexpensive."
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,4 out of 5,"Good flavor consistent smoke, just","Good flavor consistent smoke, just doesn’t blow my sock off"
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,3 out of 5,"Not bad, just very strong.","A nice pull but I bought a pack of five and have 3 left. Very full and dark. Taste is there but its very strong. Not too much of a fan of the smell neither. Not a bad cigar, maybe I'm just not ready for a full bodied cigar just yet."
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,Luv it!!!,Luv luv luv! Rich dark wrapper med-full flavor has become another new Favorite!!!
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent,"One of the best smokes I've had to date. Smooth, great flavor notes. Easily a daily stick. Disappointed I only purchased the 5-pack and not a box. Fighting myself to not use up the last two. Hands down will be my next box."
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,CAO Anniversary MADURO,This is probably my favorite smoke of all time knocking off the AVO#2 from the top spot. Highly recommend
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Cigar!,"This is the best draw, the best burn and best taste in my humidor! What a great smoke, every-time. Thank you CI."
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,4 out of 5,Solid choice for those darker moments,"A very good, solid cigar. As should be expected from its all Maduro tobacco make-up, this cigar has a pronounced ""deep and dusky"" taste that is dominated by black pepper and dark coffee. There's not much bitterness, but there's really not much sweetness either. Well-constructed and burns pretty evenly. A spot-on medium-full in body and strength without being overly robust or harsh--it smokes reasonably smooth. I tend to prefer some other CAO offerings that better match my tastes, but this is an excellent choice for those darker moments."
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,One of best I love them,Same
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,Great,These sticks are what Madura lovers crave.
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,Old Faithful,"Never lets me down. This Madura is an easy smoke, great flavor and is enjoyable down to the nub...."
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,Don't Overlook These Beauties.,I would enjoy these from time to time but never thought twice about them. Well I happened to leave a few in my humidor for a couple years. The resulting smoke I discovered is well worth the commitment. Buy a box and thank me in 18-24 months!
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,4 out of 5,Very nice cigar,This cigar has become my daily cigar. I recommend it.
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,Benchmark maduro,"Great start to finish. Dark, flavorful and smooth. If there is a better maduro let me know."
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,Very good smoke,You cannot beat these for the money. Consistent great tasting draw.
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,great cigar,great cigar
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,CAO L'Anniversary,LOVE THESE
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,Jeff,CAO Anniversary has become my favorite cigar. They are great from start to finish.
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,Awesome,Is one of my favorites! Reminded me of a 1964 Padron but in a medium body! My top five.
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,3 out of 5,Decent but not special,It’s a decent smoke. But would rate it at the bottom of the rest of the cao flavors/types.
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"One of my favorite cigars, smooth with a great aroma."
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,Great stick,"These are great everyday smokes, great with coffee in the morning, great with tea in the afternoon, or par with your favorite adult beverage at night....."
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,Great,Great
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,unknown,Still haven't received my order yet........ seems to be taking a very long time for this order to arrive. So I didn't select any star's for this reason.
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,CAO Happiness!,A great tasting smooth Maduro 🐾
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,Great service as always. Cigars,Great service as always. Cigars arrived fresh and fast.
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,This is a fine cigar right from the light. Beautiful in the wrapper. Excellent bold flavors with a wonderful draw. Tends to burn a tad uneven but all is forgiven with the taste and aroma from this fine cigar. It's a winner.
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,CAO L'Anniversarire Maduro,Arrived on time in good condition. Resting nicely in the tupador. Going to let them sit for a few months...if I can resist
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,AWESOME SAUCE,All good stuff as usual.....
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,Favorite,Favorite
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,4 out of 5,"One of my favorite cigars,","One of my favorite cigars, set back and smoke"
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,CAO Lives On,"Nice smoke with smooth flavors that intertwine with each puff. This box pressed stick is a beauty and a legend! Sometimes I find that this brand CAO is hit or miss. The Pilon for ex. was a dud!! No credit except for the vein free wrapper. Back to the Maduro review: Construction excellent... Aromas head turning, Flavor tasty, Burn nice and even, Price can't beat it! What are you waiting for?"
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,Maduro Belicoso,One of my favorite cigars but a little pricey
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,New Favorite,"Up until these maduro babies, the CAO Gold Maduro was my favorite cigar. It's even better than the Kristoffs."
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,CAO CAO CAO!!!,One of my Favorite Maduro.. Easy to smoke and smooth..
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,4 out of 5,Excellent Cigar,CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro Toro is at the top of the list for cigars in this price range.
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,4 out of 5,fifty fifty,"First 3 quarters was fine, it then burned a little hot and strong."
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,Love them!!!!!!!! :-0,"Spicy,Rich,Leather,Dark Chocolate. Haven't felt like this about a cigar before. Wish they made these in Cigarillos for those times when I'm super busy I love these a definite in my top 10. Get Them!!!!!"
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,Friday night smoke!,A box pressed toro with a larger ring size than the robusto giving it a nice draw and even burn right to the nub. This is a tasty maduro that you will enjoy without the 'boutique' price.
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,"Great, Classic Maduro","CAO L'anniversaire Maduro was the first maduro I ever had back when I started smoking cigars around 5 years ago. It still is my favorite. Smooth to the core. Beautiful, rich flavors and aroma. The standard of maduros and for a great price. It's great expanding your pallet with different tastes, strengths and flavors, but it's also good to feel at home and that's how it is with the CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro. An easy 5 stars."
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,A great Stick,"The CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro is one of my favorite sticks from the CAO line. It's awesome. FUN FACT: On the show The Soprano's, Tony is seen many time's lighting up one of these sticks."
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,WIFE'S FAVE,"THIS CIGAR IS A 10 FOR ME, AND IT IS THE WIFE'S FAVORITE. I CAN'T AFFORD PADRON ANNIVERSARIOS EVERY DAY, SO THIS CAO IS THE ANSWER. THEY ARE CONSISTENT. THEY NEVER LET ME DOWN. THERE AREN'T MANY THINGS IN LIFE YOU CAN SAY THAT ABOUT."
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"Still a novice but have truly loved these cigars. They have a good draw, a great flavor and burn evenly."
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,Can Madura toro,"Great cigar, tightly packed and smoked well"
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,CAO's L'Anniversaire Maduro is the TOP DOG !,This is my favorite CAO ! I have smoked them for years since getting one as a sample at a cigar fest in Atlantic City. My friend and I received one each from the CAO booth and I was hooked. Wonderful flavor. All of my cigar smoking friends like it too. Perfect size and shape !
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,CAO's Maduro is my Top Dog,This is my favorite CAO ! I have smoked them for years since getting one as a sample at a cigar fest in Atlantic City. My friend and I received one each from the CAO booth and I was hooked. Wonderful flavor. All of my cigar smoking friends like it too. Perfect size and shape !
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"Great flavor, good draw. Great smoke from start to finish. Bought a box."
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Cigar Smooth Smoke.,"I enjoy this cigar. They're smooth, smoke well and keeps its ash in tack. Was in the store over the Mothers days weekend. Met Joe and John very helpful and informative."
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,nice taste,smooth taste and even burn
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,4 out of 5,Good cigar at a great price,Very nice flavor.
CAO Mx2,5 out of 5,Real Nice,They were Everything expected!
CAO Mx2,5 out of 5,Cigars come at a great,Cigars come at a great price
CAO Mx2,5 out of 5,One of my favorites,"CAO is makes some of my favorite cigars and the MX-2 is near the top of that list. I don’t smoke a lot of cigars, generally only while golfing and the MX2 is a great smoke that stays lit and finishes smooth and tasty."
CAO Mx2,5 out of 5,Best Maduro,The MX2 is hands down my favorite! The smooth full flavor can’t be beat!
CAO Mx2,4 out of 5,Perfect for Maduro Lovers,"If Maduro is your thing, these little ones are a nice quick smoke"
CAO Mx2,5 out of 5,Top maduro.,"One of the best maduros ever made.CAO Mx2 and Camacho Triple Maduros are my favorite maduros.These burn very slow and even with great aroma and thick smoke,these are beautifully constructed,heavy in hand,and just plain old fun!"
CAO Mx2,5 out of 5,Awesome smoke!,Awesome smoke!
CAO Mx2,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great cigar. Big on flavor from the start. Smooth draw and flawless burn. Becoming one of my go to’s.
CAO Mx2,5 out of 5,Excellent,Big flavor in a little cigar
CAO Mx2,5 out of 5,Classic Maduro,We joke and call these candy bars they are amazing sticks
CAO Mx2,5 out of 5,YUMMMMY!,WOW! The smoke production from this cigar is GREAT!!! The flavor is pretty good too!!
CAO Mx2,4 out of 5,pretty good,Bold and smooth
CAO Mx2,5 out of 5,Still my favorite smoke,After 10+ years it's still my favorite.
CAO Mx2,5 out of 5,My favorite,My favorite
CAO Mx2,5 out of 5,CAO MX2 Daggers,Fantastic winter smoke. Just the right length for the frozen tundra of northern Illinois.
CAO Mx2,5 out of 5,My go to,"I love the MX-2, full rich flavor"
CAO Mx2,4 out of 5,Cao Mx2,"Good smoke, nice flavor, burned very well"
CAO Mx2,5 out of 5,Great CAO,What can you say always a good smoke. It’s a go 2 cigar that won’t let you down. We said it about 3 to 4 times “what a great cigar” while enjoying it. If you say that at least once your on the right track.
CAO Mx2,5 out of 5,Smooth,One of my favorites. Never been disappointed with these.
CAO Mx2,5 out of 5,Like smoking smoky Coffee,"Great aroma, coffee like taste. Great in the am with coffee to pair. Lots of blue smoke the entire way. Unwrapped a bit at the cut but saved it from peeling with saliva and turning while smoking. No sudden falls of ash. After long period in my humidor the oils blended to a nice white ash with the white specks showing in the ash. Love it."
CAO Mx2,5 out of 5,CAO,Got them as a gift for my brothers b-day and he really enjoyed them!
CAO Mx2,5 out of 5,Great Litte Maduro,These little smokes are a great ~45 min cigar at a reasonable price point.
CAO Mx2,1 out of 5,Do no buy this,Not as good as advertised!!! And also the wrap could be better
CAO Mx2,5 out of 5,You won't be dissappointed,will definitely keep on my short list. Great smoke for the value!
CAO Mx2,5 out of 5,Awesome Stick,"Hands down, one of my favorite smokes. Deep flavors, nice draw, and in my opinion the robusto is the perfect size to enjoy."
CAO Mx2,3 out of 5,Toro,The cigars went over fine did hubbysbday but left with no choice but toro because Gordos were out of stock. He was bummed but they did the job.
CAO Mx2,5 out of 5,Good Value!,Good Value!
CAO Mx2,5 out of 5,Astounding,Great smoke!
CAO Mx2,5 out of 5,MX2 Daggers,Outstanding price and taste for the little beauties
CAO Mx2,5 out of 5,CAO MX2 Tasty Treat,"Fantastic smoke, full body with rich flavor throughout the stick."
CAO Mx2,5 out of 5,A Serious Dandy,"I'm sort of a CAO fan. Have tried most of their offerings, and always have a bunch of Italias, Brazilias, and Blacks in my humidors. Fan of the 660 Flathead also.
And I will tell you, without hesitation, the MX2 is my favorite. I find it a stunningly good cigar, despite its lack of acclaim.
For my palate, it hits all the right notes. It's what a cigar should taste like, smell like, feel like.
Out of a box, I may get one or two to burn unevenly. But given the rest of what this stogie provides(especially at this modest price point), I give it five stars without flinching."
CAO Mx2,4 out of 5,Great little not so short smoke,Bought these for when I wanted a short smoke but didn't want to sacrifice flavor. Pretty close to the taste of the full size but they last quite a bit longer than I expected. Will likely buy the bigger pack next time.
CAO Mx2,4 out of 5,Nice offering from CAO,Nice size and typically a very nice Cigar. Some from time to time burn weird.
CAO Mx2,5 out of 5,Worth a try! - Robusto 5x52,These have quickly become one of my favorite cigars. Rich flavor with good smoke and an even burn. I've seen some complaints about them burning unevenly but I always age new cigars in my humidor for a couple weeks. Have a little patience and you won't be disappointed.
CAO Mx2,3 out of 5,"Great, but tempormental smoke","I love these cigars. Smooth draw, consistant flavor with suttle hints of spice throughout. All in all an excellent 4.5 star cigar... except, as with most CAO cigars I've smoked, these babies like more humidity than all other cigars in my humidor, causing them to unwrap if I dont give them their own 75% and up resting area (humidor). Once highly humidified, they smoke great. As long as you have an extra, high humidity humidor set aside."
CAO Mx2,4 out of 5,Good,Excellent while waiting for a plane
CAO Mx2,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,These have become my favorite cigar. Just perfect for a summer evening outside with a glass of Armagnac.
CAO Mx2,4 out of 5,MX2 DAGGER,"The CAO MX2 is probably my favorite cigar and never disappoints. Double Maduro, medium to full body, with the emphasis on full. Good rich flavor with a hint of spice. The Dagger is the perfect size when you need a smoke but don't have an hour and a half to spare. This little cigar is a great 15 minute smoke has a every bit of flavor it's bigger brothers have. If you like a good quick smoke and you like full body Maduro's this cigar will do the trick."
CAO Mx2,5 out of 5,Smooth,"Good burn, even and nice pull."
CAO Mx2,5 out of 5,CAO MX2,"These are excellent full bodied smokes. The are smooth, flavorful and burn evenly. I recommend these if you want to enjoy a good cigar."
CAO Mx2,2 out of 5,"High hopes, disappointed.","Had high hopes for the dbl wrapper. Slightly tight draw, harsh taste and aroma for the first half of each stick. Draw and aroma mellowed out to a better experience in 2nd half. This pattern repeated for all 5 samples. Removing from my wish list."
CAO Mx2,5 out of 5,What a buy !,"Love, Love, Love these Mx2's. One of my favorite cigars. Dark and smooth."
CAO Mx2,5 out of 5,Seriously Worth A Try,"The Mx2 is another gem I discovered as part of a sampler package. The kind where you find yourself smoking one and say to yourself, ""wow, this is a really tasty cigar! Best stick in the whole sampler! Wonder why I never heard of 'em!""
Rich flavor, well constructed, and easily the peer of cigars costing much more."
CAO Mx2,5 out of 5,Smooth and enjoyable for someone who normally prefers a mild to medium cigar,Even though I typically smoke mild to medium bodied cigars these delivered as advertised on the spicy flavor profile and as usual CAO has put out yet another high quality smoke. They are a more full bodied cigar and I say full bodied because yes they are a stronger smoke than I normally choose but they also have a full flavor that melds together nicely which produced an enjoyable even smoke. So if you've ever thought about trying a cigar on the stronger end these would be a nice choice.
CAO Mx2,5 out of 5,A great smoke!,A great smoke!
CAO Mx2,5 out of 5,CAO MX2,Rich full flavor. Consistent burn
CAO Mx2,5 out of 5,A Great smoke,Full of favor
CAO Mx2,3 out of 5,Hard draw,Hard draw
CAO Mx2,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar. These have a,Excellent cigar. These have a smooth flavorful taste and easy draw. One of the best I have enjoyed.
CAO Mx2,5 out of 5,Cool,The CAO Mx2 Toro is pretty cool.
CAO Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great smoke,nice flavor. even burn. very enjoyable smoke
CAO Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Worth the price,"Bought a box of these through make me an offer. I'm a big fan of the other CAO country lines and these did not disappoint. Have a nice peppery aftertaste, solid burn and construction. Would buy again but not at retail price"
CAO Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Very good smoke.,Very smooth and long smoke. Not too strong.
CAO Nicaragua,5 out of 5,A wrapped up pepper.,"I tend to like spicy cigars later in the evenings and CAO Nicaragua fits the bill perfectly with one caveat; the cigar is so good I want to smoke them morning, noon, and night. If you like spicy full bodied atomic flavor bombs then CAO has got you covered."
CAO Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Very good my buddies loved,Very good my buddies loved them
CAO Nicaragua,5 out of 5,"Mighty good, mighty good","Just like all the other CAOs I've had: ridiculously tasty, packs a mean punch, quality construction, great draw and consistent excellence. I'm glad they added this to their line."
CAO Nicaragua,3 out of 5,CAO Nicaragua Granada,"Good flavor, good burn. I enjoy this cigar but this batch so far have all had a really tight roll."
CAO Nicaragua,5 out of 5,The cigars was great,The cigars was great
CAO Nicaragua,4 out of 5,pretty decent smoke,pretty decent smoke
CAO Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great,Recommended!
CAO Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Whats that taste?,"Well constructed, Almost perfect draw. Perfect burn. Then there is the taste. Has a lingering...tobacco-spice-woody-earthy flavor. Maybe a hint of leather. Overall a tasty smoke. I would buy again."
CAO Nicaragua,4 out of 5,CAO Nicaraguan,Definitely a full-bodied cigar not for the beginner well-constructed great taste I would definitely buy him again
CAO Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Still Testing,Nicely packed. Even burn. I had to try one right away. The rest are resting in the humidor. Reminded me of a cross between a Columbia and a Brasilia. I am a fan of the CAO offerings for medium to fill cigars. I look forward to CI offering a country sampler.
CAO Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Winner winner.,"CAO fan here. Faves are the flathead 660, MX2, Brazilia, Italia, and Black. Have enjoyed two Nicaraguas so far, and this beauty may have leapfrogged the wonderful pack.
Tasted great, burned great, looked great. Nothing to nitpick about."
CAO Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Classic CAO quality,"Quality aside the cigar itself is a solid smoke good flavor from beginning to end. Not too strong, more like medium to medium-full."
CAO Nicaragua,4 out of 5,nice,Smoother then expected with plenty of flavor.
CAO Nicaragua,5 out of 5,The best,Every Christmas season I buy a bundle of 90+ rated cigars for family get together’s. This year the CAO Granada is totally satisfiing all of us😃🎁
CAO Nicaragua,5 out of 5,"Great smoke , start to","Great smoke , start to finish"
CAO Nicaragua,3 out of 5,Too Hot,"Burns good,draws good but too Peppery."
CAO Nicaragua,4 out of 5,savage swede,Very good smoke
CAO Nicaragua,3 out of 5,First one I smoked was,"First one I smoked was OK, second one had such a tough draw I couldn't finish it."
CAO Nicaragua,5 out of 5,top notch,very enjoyable
CAO Nicaragua,5 out of 5,CAO,This is a great cigar. Wonderful taste and good construction.
CAO Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Cao Nicaragua,"Very good cigar, from start to finish!"
CAO Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Very good,Very good smoke and tasty hit the spot by they came very dryed out
CAO Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Amazing Cigar,I have always been a fan of CAO cigars but this is now my favorite. A great smoke from start to finish.
CAO Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Very good,This was an excellent new blend from CAO. I will definitely buy these again.
CAO Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Alan from Virginia,"Great smooth medium full cigar
Another winner from CAO and Nicaragua"
CAO Nicaragua,4 out of 5,a really good full flavored,a really good full flavored stick
CAO Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar,"Another excellent cigar from CAO! Great construction,Great Burn,Great Price!"
CAO Nicaragua,4 out of 5,CAO Nicaragua,Very goood👍🏾👍🏾👍🏾
CAO Nicaragua,5 out of 5,CAO Nic,Great stick!
CAO Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Not so good but ok,Not so good but ok for the price.
CAO Nicaragua,3 out of 5,Not bad,More of a practical angle from the cigar company that I thought was watching to many episodes of Kounting Kars.nice cigar.
CAO Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Best CAO cigar yet!,Best CAO cigar yet!
CAO Nicaragua,3 out of 5,CAO Nica,Good flavors and aromas; poor construction and too tightly rolled
CAO Nicaragua,5 out of 5,CAO Nicaragua,"Impressive as always! I don’t know that I’ve ever had a bad CAO cigar. I’m partial to mostly Maduro textured cigars, but every once in a while I like one that is slightly lighter in taste, and this one fit the bill."
CAO Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Loved it!,I’ve smoked two from the five pack and have been very satisfied with these smokes. Mild and easy to smoke and looking forward to enjoying the rest. Will definitely get more.
CAO Nicaragua,5 out of 5,"It’s a great stick, robust","It’s a great stick, robust flavors, great draw. One of my Favorites from the CAO line! Highly recommend!!"
CAO Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Excellent,Strong. Compared to AVO Nicaraguan. Quality no. This is cheap. We all know about cheap cigars. Hard roles. Bad draws. But when it’s good... oh baby.
CAO Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Love this cigar. Wish it came in a fatter ring size.
CAO Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Another gem from CAO,"CAO just keeps coming out with these great cigars. Draw, taste and burn were fantastic. Can't wait to see what their next release is."
CAO Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Love these!,"These are my new favorite. I normally smoke-LFD chapter 1, oliva v melanio, My Father The Judge, My Father Antillas maduro, cao brazilia etc. These CAO Nicaraguas are On Point! Specially for the price. Always great experience ordering from CI 👍"
CAO Orellana,5 out of 5,Another great Amazon!,Kudos to CAO for another great stick in the Amazon line! Definitely more similar to the original Amazon Basin than the Fuma or Anaconda...but again an amazing smoke with a unique flavor! Must have!
CAO Orellana,5 out of 5,CAO Orellano; Don’t Sleep On It!,"CAO does it again! Absolutely fabulous cigar. The cigar has an amazing look, burns evenly, nice tight construction, first pull gives a light earthy taste with a slight hint of sweetness, medium to full bodied cigar, the smoke that feels the air is light and smells fabulous. Similar to CAO Brazilia but not as heavy. THIS IS A MUST HAVE IN YOUR HUMIDOR."
CAO Pilon,5 out of 5,Great quality,Very good cigar. Far most my the best i've smoked.
CAO Pilon,5 out of 5,Super fresh,Super fresh
CAO Pilon,3 out of 5,First one I tried cracked,First one I tried cracked pretty much as soon as I started. Second one was better but had a hard draw. Hoping more time in the humidor will help.
CAO Pilon,5 out of 5,GREAT DEAL GREAT CIGAR,A fine cigar for the price.
CAO Pilon,3 out of 5,What a friend needs,"Sometimes you just meet a friend you didn't know you needed. Tried these on a whim, now they made it to my fav list. Easy, rich, and packing a punch. Long lasting burn, great value."
CAO Pilon,5 out of 5,I really enjoyed this one,"I decided to try these on a whim because I like some of CAO’s stuff. I’m always looking to try new things as I encourage all cigars smokers to do. I’m really glad I ordered them and will order them again. Give it try, I think you’ll be impressed with this blend!"
CAO Pilon,4 out of 5,Good stick.,Good smoke. Good flavor. Bought smaller size so that I could have a quality smaller and quicker smoke when needed. I’ve had a few larger ones at my local shop.
CAO Pilon,5 out of 5,Chilon with a Pilon,Enjoyed every bit of it. Nice.
CAO Pilon,5 out of 5,Cao,Never had a. So I didn't like. Great price great cigar
CAO Pilon,5 out of 5,Good smoke,"Enjoying this cigar, I think I like this one better then the Brazila"
CAO Pilon,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good medium smooth smoke
CAO Pilon,3 out of 5,Inconsistent Construction,"Love the taste, but too many were rolled tight (cut in half for easier draw) or dry. Hand rolled cigars are hard to get good consistency. I could cut and paste this same review on the Liga #9...even Opus X. The sticks that are good are really good."
CAO Pilon,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
CAO Pilon,5 out of 5,Nice stick,I enjoy this stick when im looking for a 30-40 minutes smoke
CAO Pilon,4 out of 5,Great smoke wish they were,Great smoke wish they were a little larger !
CAO Pilon,4 out of 5,Cao pilon robusto,Love the robusto in the morning!
CAO Pilon,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
CAO Pilon,3 out of 5,CAO Pilon Toro,"This is very good medium bodied stick which I have smoked before but in the torpedo shape. I had no problems with the burn and draw of the torpedos, however, with the toros I experienced very poor draw in approximately half of the sticks in the box. Very disappointed in the toros I received!"
CAO Pilon,5 out of 5,These will be a staple in my humidor!!!!,"I enjoy cigars, I mean they just put a smile on my face. I can't always find all of the tastes I read about on some of these reviews, but I know what I like. So I'm going to barrow a few words from Jeff K's (Staff Review) because it rings true with me:
""when I’m looking for a cigar to unwind with after a long day, I don’t want something flashy. I want something simple and elegant. Enter CAO Pilon, a cigar that’s been one of my post-work go-tos. For my money, it’s unbeatable. The cigar grows in strength as you burn it, and by the end, it certainly has a bit more kick, without being overwhelming. This is a perfect companion to a glass of rum after a great dinner. The balance of this cigar makes me confident recommending it to anyone, and as of now, I’m making sure I always have a few of these on hand.""
The only change for me is a glass of bourbon on ice. Well said Jeff K, and these are definitely a 5 star for me."
CAO Pilon,2 out of 5,"Dry Cigar, Dry Box","I felt there was a problem when the box fell apart after removing the clear wrapper. 1st cigar split when I lit it, 2nd cigar was cracked inside the wrapper. Will not purchase these again. Have requested an RMA."
CAO Pilon,5 out of 5,Wndrfl,Wndrfl
CAO Pilon,5 out of 5,Oh yeah!,And a brandy sniffter full!!!
CAO Pilon,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,Was introduced to the Pilon by a friend. Excellent smoke. Light to Med bodied. Great flavors and a smooth smoke.
CAO Pilon,5 out of 5,A nice full body puff.,"Great size, price and quality smoke"
CAO Pilon,5 out of 5,CAO Pilon,A very nice medium cigar with lots of flavor. Great value.
CAO Pilon,3 out of 5,Not Bad but Not Great,"This cigar has good flavor and is full bodied. It is a good cigar for smoking while mowing the lawn but, so far, 40% or more have been un-smokable because they are plugged...what a shame"
CAO Pilon,5 out of 5,Good cool smoke with an,Good cool smoke with an even burn. Plan on buying again.
CAO Pilon,5 out of 5,CAO PILON,Loved this cigar! Great price too.
CAO Pilon,5 out of 5,I give 5 stars,It taste like heaven
CAO Pilon,5 out of 5,CAO pilon,One of my favorites. Easy smoke. Great taste
CAO Pilon,5 out of 5,Awesome smoke!,My favorite all day every day cigar.
CAO Pilon,4 out of 5,Not Bad At All.,Not bad. Medium-Full per my taste. Occasionally goes on sale so grab them then.
CAO Pilon,3 out of 5,Pilon not a easy draw cigar.,"There is no such thing as a bad cigar. These are the PERSONAL OPINIONS OF A 50+ yr Cigar Smoker. The first cigar out of the box as a challenge. The draw was so tight it crossed my eyes and I had to slap myself on the side of my head to see straight again. Lesson learned was to use my draw opener tool. After that, the smoke was good. I keep humidity at 72%+_. Ash was 2 to 3 inch and smoked cool and taste is as described (good). Got an hour or so out of the cigars. But I would think twice about reordering."
CAO Pilon,5 out of 5,One of my top favorites.,"Let's just start by saying ... this cigar is ""pretty"". The Habano wrapper is slick, smooth, and has a slight sheen to it that makes for a good looking cigar. They are rolled firmly, and the draw is exactly the way I like it. They feel good in hand, and the band itself is useful beyond just decoration - just read it!. I've experienced a great, even burn, nice speckled ash, and don't have to babysit them to keep them stoked up. The first taste I find is spice, coupled with leather and some coffee. They grow in flavor as they burn, hitting the peak at about a third of the way down. Great tastes, but not at all excessive or overpowering. Seems every one of these I burn gets 'nubbed'. I've had better smokes ... but not a lot of them. CAO has hit the target with the Pilon."
CAO Pilon,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
CAO Pilon,5 out of 5,Smooth amazing taste all the,Smooth amazing taste all the way to the nub.
CAO Pilon,2 out of 5,Not a good buy,"This cigar was a less than average smoke. 1. The draw was too firm. On several cigars I had to use a tool similar to ""PerfecDraw"" to create a decent draw. Too much work for a relaxing smoke. 2. Most of the cigars had an uneven burn. The difference between sides was at least an inch. 3. The flavor was harsh as if the tobacco was not aged properly."
CAO Pilon,3 out of 5,Not a consistent smoke,I like the flavor but most often they were hard to draw on.
CAO Pilon,5 out of 5,CAO Hits the Mark Again,"I must admit i am a CAO fan, but the Pilon has found a permanent place in my humidor. It is a great easy smoke and is a go to for me on any day."
CAO Pilon,5 out of 5,Good Job !,👍🏾
CAO Pilon,5 out of 5,Another,Well constructed stick with a feel of sofistication that translates into the flavor. Balanced nutty flavor with a hint of cedar.
CAO Pilon,4 out of 5,Nice cigar,Good flavors on this pilon nice burn really enjoying this one
CAO Pilon,5 out of 5,unique flavor,This cigar is a great contrast for CAO. I mostly smoke the Brazilias and other full body cigars. This cigar ads a little different taste to my variety. Still full bodied but with a little sweeter burn/taste. Overall one of my new favorite cigars.
CAO Pilon,5 out of 5,Viva Pilon!,Distinctively delicious.
CAO Pilon,5 out of 5,Good smoke for the price,Good smoke for the price
CAO Pilon,5 out of 5,Love this Robusto,"This is by far one of my go to favorites. Taste great smokes phenomenal and yes you might burn the fingers, they’re that good."
CAO Pilon,5 out of 5,Nice surprise!,"After I got into this one, I wondered if the Pilon was adopted and not blood relation to the CAO clan. Lots of flavor, a joy to smoke all the way to the end. Seriously.... I was burning my fingers."
CAO Pilon,5 out of 5,Pilón Robusto is one of my go to sticks,"I'm about as big a CAO fan as most of us are I presume. I was offered these little gems as a 5pk. add on for $15 to one of my orders. As soon as I received my order, one of the first sticks I lit was the Pilón. WOW what a flavorful cigar! It has plenty of body and the flavor characteristics are great from beginning to end. I actually smoke these down as far as I can. Needless to say these are now regulars in my orders. Great job by CAO!0"
CAO Pilon,3 out of 5,CAO Pilon,"I purchased 3 sizes. The corona was too small (ring-size) and burned too hot thus affecting the flavor in a bad way. The robusto burned well and had a decent flavor, but too short. The toro was had a good flavor, but the draw was too firm. Three of the five were so tight that I could not enjoy the smoke. A better size would be 6X50."
CAO Pilon,5 out of 5,Friend,"Recommended by a friend, good choice."
Carrington,4 out of 5,Mellow smoke,Really am enjoying this smoke. Perfect for the person that just wants a nice smooth cigars to set and relax with. Will definitely buy again.
Carrington,3 out of 5,Not overly impressed. Nothing stands,Not overly impressed. Nothing stands out about them.
Carrington,4 out of 5,Great bang for the buck!,nice sized mild smoke. Good burn too
Carrington,4 out of 5,Nice mild smoke. Easy draw.,Nice mild smoke. Easy draw. Great smoke for just a few bucks. Most cigars are 10 bucks . This cigar was so much less. Thank you.
Carrington,3 out of 5,3.5 star,"Mild, slightly tight draw. Burn is slow even. Good smoke for a relaxing night."
Carrington,4 out of 5,Carrington Churchill review,"The construction was above-average, but started unrolling about three-quarters of the way down. Other than that, the draw was excellent. The burn was even throughout. I thought it had a excellent creamy smooth taste. Besides the unrolling at the end, I thought it was an excellent cigar."
Carrington,5 out of 5,Smooth,"A great first morning cigar. Smooth, balanced, and no bite."
Casa Cuevas Habano,5 out of 5,One of the best I've,One of the best I've smoked
Casa Cuevas Habano,4 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent in every category. Construction burn and especially flavor worthy of a full box to age in the humidor
Casa Cuevas Habano,5 out of 5,Casa cuevas,I ordered the pack of 5 Connecticut (blue band) to try it out and it did not disappoint! I smoked 3 of them and all were great. I also let two of my buddys smoke the other two to see what they thought and they were also impressed with them. Reasonable price for a great cigar! Would buy again. Casa Cuevas will have a place in my humidor.
Casa Cuevas Habano,5 out of 5,A True Premium Cigar,"Very well constructed with a nice draw and even burn from start to the nub. Great flavor down to it's peppery finish. As with the Connecticut and Maduro, the Habano does not disappoint. Not only a great stick, very reasonably priced. Casa Cuevas will always be ""In The Mix""."
Casa Cuevas Maduro,4 out of 5,Good flavor and smell .,Good flavor and smell .
Casa Cuevas Maduro,5 out of 5,Amazing Cigar,A every day cigar that won’t let you down.
Casa de Garcia,4 out of 5,Casa dr Toro,"Mild, good for occasional smoke"
Casa de Garcia,5 out of 5,Great daily smoke,These very affordable cigars are perfect for a daily evening walk.
Casa de Garcia,5 out of 5,Great smoke.,Great smoke.
Casa de Garcia,4 out of 5,Good every day smoke,I usually smoke these while tinkering in the garage or mowing the yard. A solid every day smoke that wont break the bank.
Casa de Garcia,5 out of 5,Casa de Garcia,Great cigar for the price
Casa de Garcia,4 out of 5,My every day stick,"Great smoke for the money. Some issues this time, with construction. A few have been too tight to smoke, but, all in all, a great taste and easy burn most times."
Casa de Garcia,5 out of 5,Best intersection of price and,Best intersection of price and quality for an everyday smoke.
Casa de Garcia,5 out of 5,Good Value,I think it is a very good every day smoke fore the price.
Casa de Garcia,4 out of 5,Dont think there's anything better,Dont think there's anything better for the price.
Casa de Garcia,4 out of 5,Good every day smoke,"Good construction, mild flavor, good price. Will buy again."
Casa de Garcia,4 out of 5,Casa de Garcia Toro,Plane and simple ! A GREAT yard cigar
Casa de Garcia,5 out of 5,Easy draw. Great taste,Easy draw. Great taste
Casa de Garcia,4 out of 5,Very tasted,Very mild and just the right size
Casa de Garcia,5 out of 5,How To Relax,"Nice mild, mellow cigar, easy on the draw, smooth burning"
Casa de Garcia,4 out of 5,"They are good, but I am trying to quit",good cigar for the price.
Casa de Garcia,5 out of 5,Very good value,"Good smoke for the money,. Been buying this brand though not this particular stick for a while now and never been disappointed. Always an even burn, rarely any raveling and very pleasant taste and aroma. Highly recommend as an every day smoke."
Casa de Garcia,4 out of 5,Casa de Garcia Robusto Maduro,"Tough on the drawl at first but smooth, thick draw throw out. Got hits of dark chocolate, oak and coffee notes. Great construction and good burn. Amazing cigar for the awesome price. I will definitely keep my humidor stocked with the Maduro cigars for just every day smoke."
Casa de Garcia,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Very good cigar.
Casa de Garcia,5 out of 5,A Great Burn,This is a great mild smoking cigar! I have been smoking the Corona version but switched to the Churchill - at first because the Corona was back-ordered but have since stuck with the Churchills because they provide the same mild smoke and last just a little longer. A Great bargain for a great cigar.
Casa de Garcia,4 out of 5,"“A Great, Every Day Smoke!”","My “special” cigar was a ring that costs much more than I am looking to spend on my every day smokes. The tobacconist I patronized said he had a ring he thought I’d enjoy, as he knew the length, ring size & wrapper I enjoyed. He gave me one of these C de G’s & I was blown away! A mild, yet flavorful smoke in a CT wrapper, at an affordable every day price that can’t be beat! My only reason for a 4 star & not a 5 star rating is that some of them have an extremely hard draw. But, as I order regularly in bundles of 20 from CI, these get set aside to enjoy when I have a longer time to leisurely smoke them. I’ve been savoring these cigars for over 4 years now & highly recommend them to my fellow officianados!"
Casa de Garcia,5 out of 5,Nicely rolled good smoke at,Nicely rolled good smoke at a great price if you aren't a cigar snob
Casa de Garcia,5 out of 5,The Best,Great flavor
Casa de Garcia,5 out of 5,"Outstanding buy, good flavor, great","Outstanding buy, good flavor, great price. Very enjoyable everyday smoke"
Casa de Garcia,4 out of 5,Like the torpedo shape,Like the torpedo shape
Casa de Garcia,5 out of 5,burn is excellent,good cigar and the burn is excellent i can put it down for 5 minutes and it stays lit
Casa de Garcia,5 out of 5,"Mild, smooth, consistent","I was greatly pleased to find Casa Garcia Toro Connecticut here. It had become my cigar of choice before I found CI and now CI will be my prime source for this great cigar. It is a mild, smooth, easy burn and I will continue to order this from CI."
Casa de Garcia,4 out of 5,Great everyday smoke!,Great everyday smoke!
Casa de Garcia,5 out of 5,Good smoke,"Rarely does one burn bad, it happens but not often. Good taste for buck a sticks"
Casa de Garcia,5 out of 5,Great mild cigar,I ordered the belicoso Sumatra. Great cigar even burn. Very mild in the beginning. My new favorite cigar!
Casa de Garcia,4 out of 5,"Nice draw and mellow, satisfying","Nice draw and mellow, satisfying flavor."
Casa de Garcia,5 out of 5,Great bargain!,If you like laGloria or Diesel cigars this is a great everyday alternative. Great smoke at any price try a pack you wont be sorry.
Casa de Garcia,4 out of 5,All the cigars were excellent except one,All the cigars were excellent except one. Overall a great deal.
Casa de Garcia,5 out of 5,"Um...ya, this is an impressive smoke.","How do you give a buck-fifty cigar a top flight rating? You just do. I've never been one to take into account the cost of a cigar when reviewing it. Sure, it's not as tight as a Sancho Panza Double Maduro box-pressed. So what. Few cigars can match that stick for under $10 bucks. In the pure enjoyment of a great cigar to smoke category, these Casa de Garcia's do They have a classic cigar hand-rolled look, taste and burn. One of the first things I do when trying out a new cigar is open one up and consider the leaf. My impression from the aroma and composition of the leaf in the 2 bundles I've received (my first go with these) is that they are of a very high quality. On par in fact with far more expensive smokes. Does it rate a 90. No, but then again maybe. It's darn close. I've smoked 90's not this good and smoked cigar's of the year not this enjoyable."
Casa de Garcia,4 out of 5,CASA DE GARCIA,"Excellent aromatic flovor, very slow burn."
Casa de Garcia,5 out of 5,Amazing! Great smoke for the,Amazing! Great smoke for the buck! Montecristo can't go wrong
Casa de Garcia,5 out of 5,Great!!!,"Great cigar! Have purchased these little guys many times previously, and have been happy each time."
Casa de Garcia,5 out of 5,Casa De Garcia,Great every day cigar. Smooth taste and easy on the wallet.
Casa de Garcia,5 out of 5,Casa de Garcia Robusto Sumatra,Berst buy for my money
Casa de Garcia,3 out of 5,Good every day cigar,Not great but good the smooth sumatran has very even flavor note of the everymans cigar. Earthy and silky it gives great flavor throughout. This is outshined by a butal wrapper job and inconsistent draw. This while tasty was the one that would canoe regularly.
Casa de Garcia,4 out of 5,Good cigar for the price,Good cigar for the price
Casa de Garcia,3 out of 5,smooth taste but fast burning,I tried this brand and I found it quite smooth but it burned quickly for my taste
Casa de Garcia,5 out of 5,Casa de Garica,It’s a good tasting cigar for the price.
Casa de Garcia,4 out of 5,Good Value,"Some of the Casa de Garcia Maduro's are rolled too tight. and the draw is difficult. Usually at least one in ten. But the price is great The rest are fine. A good cigar to smoke when doing yard work, golfing, or taking a long walk."
Casa de Garcia,4 out of 5,"Very nice smoke so don""t","Very nice smoke so don""t raise the price"
Casa de Garcia,5 out of 5,perfect,perfect
Casa de Garcia,3 out of 5,Casa de Garcia Toro Connecticut,OK for the price.
Casa de Garcia,3 out of 5,OK,"A CHEAP FILLER CIGAR, A COUPLE WENT BAD, .., IT HAPPENS
,I'M NOT MAD..JUST THOUGHT YOU SHOULD KNOW."
Casa de Garcia,4 out of 5,Casa Dr Garcia Maduros - good smoke,"Good smoke for the price. Some were wrapped a bit too tight but no worries.. just pinch tool the stick between your fingers and that loosens up the tobacco leaves which improves the draw. Taste is good. No nausea. Well made and even burn, no canoeing."
Casa de Garcia,5 out of 5,Mild easy smoke,great mild cigar that is priced right
Casa de Garcia,5 out of 5,Casa de Garcia,Excellent cigar for the cost. burned great (no canoeing).
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Smooth and very mellow. A great cigar for the beginner. Great value too!! 😁
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,4 out of 5,They are a good every,They are a good every day cigar.
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Los mejores para mi,Los mejores para mi
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Good Smoke,"Good smoke with good price per ""stick"""
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great cigar at a great,Great cigar at a great price
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Casa Garcia Nicaragua Robusto,the cigar is the best value for it's price as a everyday cigar. been smoking them for 5 years and i have no complaints.
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Good Cigar on the cheap,"Great cigar for kicking around the yard or the golf course, one of the better cheap cigars at CI in my opinion. Been buying this brand now for seveal months and have never gotten a throw away. Hard to top for the money."
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Casa de Garcia,I have loved these cigars ever since they were made available.
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,3 out of 5,Great smoke,"For the price this is a great smoke, burns even, nice smoke and ash. I would put it next to some costing twice as much. The Guys at CI are tremendous to work with. Have bought these a couple of times and will again."
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Great easy smoke,"Bought these to share at social events, everyone novice to really enjoyed these!"
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,4 out of 5,not bad for $$,its a discount smoke but pretty robust burns good
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,3 out of 5,"Medium body, great looks","Tried 1 stick while golfing 3 days after receiving 20 pack. Cigar is well constructed and looks great (nice medium dark brown). Ok taste, nothing complex. Definitely not full body though. Maybe medium. Draw is on the tough side. My main issue however is the burn. Kept having to relight throughout the golf round. May need to put in my humidor to see if they improve. Overall not a bad stick for the price."
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Pleasantly surprised,"Bought a 20 count bundle of these to try as a daily. Didn’t expect much for the price, but i was hoping that it would be a nice smoke since it was Nicaraguan. I wasn’t disappointed. This is a great smoke if you wanna go inexpensive. I’d recommend you try a couple before judging."
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,3 out of 5,Casa de Garcia,I found these cigars an acceptable fill in for in between the pleasure of relaxing with a better cigar. they smoked well and burned an even ash.
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,5 out of 5,You get what you pay for,"Not a premium cigar, but a great work time stick for the money. slightly tight and does not burn even, but has a nice leathery/cedar taste. This stick is worth the price. A very good everyday budget smoke."
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,3 out of 5,Not bad. Not great. Worth the price.,"So. This isn't a terrible stick. It certainly is NOT full-bodied, though. It's a very mild smoke. I have to say, I'm not mad at it for the price. It's a fine BBQ, golf course, lawnmower, tuesday-night-in-the-garage smoke."
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Nice every day smoke great,Nice every day smoke great price. Happy new year .
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,3 out of 5,good tasty. perhaps a little,good tasty. perhaps a little tightly packed but good.
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,3 out of 5,An ok cigar...,An ok cigar...
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Casa de Garcia,Very nice cigar for the money. Cigars International is the best place to buy cigars & I wouldn’t buy anywhere else. 5 stars
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,4 out of 5,A very good every day,A very good every day cigar.
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Very good cigars.,Very good cigars.
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Nicaragua classic,"Good cigar, nice burn, good drag."
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,5 out of 5,For the price...few are better,For the price...few are better
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great cigar for the value.,Great cigar for the value.
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Cigar smokes like a $5.00,Cigar smokes like a $5.00 plus cigar. Great value.
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,5 out of 5,"thenks, I don't smoke ,but","thenks, I don't smoke ,but it is a good gift ...."
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Casa Garcia,"This entire line is great from the Con, Mad, and Sum. The Nic is my favorite. Great flavor, decent strength and a great price. Expect to run into construction and burn issues but at these prices just chuck it and grab another one."
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,3 out of 5,CASA DE GARCIA NICARAGUA,"My first exposure to this brand. Most of bundle smoked well except for 4-5 cigars that just didn't meet my standard. But, overall, a good daily smoke just need better consistency in rolling and packaging."
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,1 out of 5,Cigar Review,"Worst cigar ever to try to smoke, it was wrapped so tightly you would turn blue trying to draw on this stick. And it didn't matter how far back you cut it you just couldn't smoke it. Tried several attempts with different ones and had same results. Ended up throwing them away..."
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,4 out of 5,a good smoke for the price,"a good smoke for the price, very well made and consistent flavor. I've smoked several bundles and I've been very pleased with the cigars."
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Fine Little Cigar,"I purchased these robusto-size cigars by mistake. I really wanted the toro, but stuff happens. This cigar is excellent when you want a quick cigar with great taste and construction. Haven't had a runner or canoe in the lot. Will order these again."
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Banging smoke,"Smoked my fifth of the box today and just like the four before, it was banging! Nice, even smoke with hints of leather and vanilla. Will repurchase!!!"
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Nice anytime,Good everyday cigar that won't break the bank.
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Good cigar for the money.,"A good everyday cigar. They're coming off the tables that produce Monte Cristo and H Uppman, so you know they're going to be good. Good value."
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,3 out of 5,Not bad!,Convenient cigar and well balanced.
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Casa de Garcia Nicaragua - Churchills: Surprisingly good smoke for the money!,"These are inexpensive and CI kept them well humidified, which makes all the difference... Thanks CI!!"
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Great every day smoke. A,Great every day smoke. A must for my humidor.
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Mello,"Great everyday cigar, as I usually smoke about 4 of these a day"
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Happy Camper,They were well constructedan even burn and more flavor than expected. Casa de Garcia Nicaragua didn't disappoint and I'll be ordering more.
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Daily,The perfect daily smoke.
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great cigars for the price.,Great cigars for the price. Been ordering these for years on top of some higher rated cigars. 100% recommend a try.
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Great cigar for it's Price !!!,Nice middle of the road cigar taste. Dang decent quality tobaccos used in it's making. A few might have a somewhat tough draw but not bad enough to be a consistent nuisance. A very good value cigar in it's price range.
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,3 out of 5,Don't drive your tractor while smoking these,A third to half of these had iregular fillers that burned crooked.
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Very smooth and mild smoke,Very smooth and mild smoke . My kind of morning cigar.
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,3 out of 5,They seem to be rolled,They seem to be rolled a little tight
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,3 out of 5,Not bad for the price,Far from some of the better smokes on the market but if your on a budget or low on funds they're not bad.
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great Cigar!,"I definitely have a Nicaraguan preference, though I do like to mix wrappers. This cigar has a steady burn, easy draw and great flavor especially for the money!"
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,5 out of 5,casa de garcia,It was a so-so smoke.......sorta mild....
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,5 out of 5,casa de garcia nicaraqua,"did not like. Very short even for robusto. Also, did not burn evenly. Will not order again."
Casa Fernandez Aganorsa Leaf,5 out of 5,Flys under the radar and that's good for prices!,I agree with one of the other reviewers that this brand flys under the radar. This is an excellent cigar along with the Miami Reserve & the Miami Reserve Maduro. All 3 get a 5 plus star rating from me. You can buy more expensive cigars but not to many are better.
Casa Fernandez Aganorsa Leaf,4 out of 5,One of my new favorites.,I never write reviews for cigars. Heck this might be my first one I can’t remember. But I have to say this cigar is one of the best medium aromatic smokes I’ve ever had. Just the right amount of sweetness. I burnt them all down to the nub and I only do that with AF Don Carlos cigars. Hope these are still coming in because I plan to buy a box when they are available.
Casa Fernandez Aganorsa Leaf,4 out of 5,Good corojo,"I like corojo cigars and I'm not surprised that I like this one. Burn and draw are excellent and the wrapper is pretty. When I first got them I wasn't impressed. But like many cigars, they need a little humidor time (at least my experience). I agree with their being classified as medium bodied. Very flavorful, spicy on the tongue."
Casa Fernandez Aganorsa Leaf,5 out of 5,Best kept secret,"I tried one of these when I first received them didn't care for it at all, but now after 60 days in the humi its the best cigar I've had this year absolutely fantastic."
Casa Fernandez Aganorsa Leaf,4 out of 5,Not as good as the regular Miami,"Excellent in every respect. Build, smoke, ash....but the taste wasn't as good as the regular Miami. I've had the Flor De Valle which was much better combination. Still a good smoke."
Casa Fernandez Aganorsa Leaf,5 out of 5,Best cigar of the year in my book...,"this is one of the best cigars I have tried this year.. Reminds me of a Perdomo 20th anni. Great draw, great flavor.. Lots of smoke output and very smooth... I don't buy many boxes but this one is box worthy.. The draw is flawless like a padron 40th and the price is just right. Could pay 10-12 a stick for these easy.."
Casa Fernandez Aganorsa Leaf,5 out of 5,Under The Radar,"These Aganorsa Leaf cigars by Casa Fernandez fly under the radar, big time.
That's a good thing for me!"
Casa Fernandez Aganorsa Leaf Maduro,5 out of 5,Phenomenal!,"This cigar is world class with flavor profile that's thick, chewy, & chocolaty. Been smoking these for 4 yrs and still an unbelievable smoke!"
Casa Fernandez Aganorsa Leaf Maduro,5 out of 5,The Best,I love the fact that my cigars are always fresh and they get to my house in 2- days. Love it. Mike I Long Island
Casa Fernandez Aganorsa Leaf Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent Smoke,"This is not for the novice. It is full bodied and full strength, but really good. Great cigar with a good small batch bourbon. Highly recommend it."
Casa Fernandez Aganorsa Leaf Maduro,5 out of 5,"High quality, great taste equals a perfect cigar!","With a large collection of cigars in my humidor which includes many high end and Cubans. This is now in top 10!
Truly excellent quality that treats you with a long even burn, which is expected by high end cigars. The flavor is a meaty smooth. As a med to full body cigar guy. This one easily checks off all needs! Definitely will be buying more as soon as it is back in stock!"
Casa Fernandez Aganorsa Leaf Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar.,"this is one great cigar, it so good I'm lost for words, perfect in every way."
Casa Fernandez Aganorsa Leaf Maduro,5 out of 5,PERFECT IN EVERY WAY.,"This is the best stick I have ever smoked, WOW, last night I smoked three of them, I could not get enough of that great taste, perfect in every way."
Casa Fernandez Aganorsa Leaf Maduro,5 out of 5,GM Lopez Scrap Metal,"excellent cigars,"
Casa Fernandez Aganorsa Leaf Maduro,5 out of 5,Surprised by how much I enjoyed this fine cigar.,"I got one of this brand in the high rated sampler. This cigar is well outside my usual pick. I'm a diehard mild stick puffer. I was very surprised by this cigar. The taste was very strong of chocolate, spice and pepper. What was a surprise to me was that the taste was not harsh or strong at all. Was a very easy draw with lots of white smoke. Decided that I need some of these in my box along side of my MACs."
Casa Fernandez Arsenio Serie Oro,5 out of 5,Epic,"Although I have enjoyed the entire Casa Fernandez line, the ORO is 1 of my top 3. With little to no humidor time, they are excellent. Even on the day the postman or postwoman delivers."
Casa Fernandez Miami,1 out of 5,Bad cigar !,"Way over rated , purchased a box of Toro
Placed in my humidor which l have over
Two thousand cigar as old as ten years old
After three weeks I decided to try one I noticed
All the cigars have split and cracked , called
CI they were very nice about it and they replaced the box
The box the same thing happens to the second box , I would
Never purchase another Casa Fernandez cigar again , way
Over rated and nothing special about this cigar and also they need continuous attention and to be lit, never again .
Mr Fernandez."
Casa Fernandez Miami,4 out of 5,Quality Cigar,medium filler and flawless Connecticut wrapper
Casa Fernandez Miami Reserva,5 out of 5,Cubanesque cigar,"outstanding example of what a cigar should taste like,excellent construction and a good draw The brand is one of my favorites"
Casa Fernandez Miami Reserva,4 out of 5,A good cigar,Not fantastic but a very good cigar. Will buy again when on sale but not at regular price.
Casa Fernandez Miami Reserva,5 out of 5,great,great
Casa Fernandez Miami Reserva,5 out of 5,Mr. Ron,"Perfect, burns great almost full. Just the strength I love length 54 ring X 6inch."
Casa Fernandez Miami Reserva,4 out of 5,CF Miami Toro,"This was a great blend full, chewy smoke with a rich allspice and citrus impact on the palate. The construction was good, but not fantastic. I would recommend this stick as an excellent end of day treat"
Casa Fernandez Miami Reserva,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,Great cigar!
Casa Fernandez Miami Reserva,1 out of 5,Very boring cigar,"Very bland and tasteless cigar. Extremely light draw. Burn was fine and even, held the ash pretty well, but just an extremely boring tasting cigar. Did get a bit peppery at the end, otherwise almost no flavor throughout. Pretty disappointed in these."
Casa Fernandez Miami Reserva,5 out of 5,My All-Time Favorite,"Perfect draw, billowing smoke, oily wrapper, smooth full flavor."
Casa Fernandez Miami Reserva,5 out of 5,Casa Fernandez Miami Reserva,"These are really fine cigars. Bought the box to share with my friends through the holidays and everyone had the same opinion, great smokes!"
Casa Fernandez Miami Reserva Maduro,5 out of 5,A must try!!!,30 years of smoking cigars this rates number 1 with me. For an everyday smoke or for special occasions this one won't disappoint.
Casa Fernandez Miami Reserva Maduro,5 out of 5,This Miami is a Vice I'll vote for,"This is a good one. Fits my palate for flavor & savory indulgence. I smoke my stogies down to the mini-nub and this one lasts about 2 hours. I've had another brand's ""Miami"" and was not impressed. In the Casa Fernandez line that was offered in the CI catalogue, this one intrigued me , , for who knows what reason. No matter. I always look for new discoveries in the hopes of finding a treasure and to my pleasant surprise this one hit the mark. Seems only logical to try some of the other line to find who's #1 in the CF's line-up."
Casa Fernandez Miami Reserva Maduro,5 out of 5,A Game Changer,"Without going as far writing a review, I will say it's a game changer. I read Casa Fernandez is a small batch. Ed Fernandez creates with the intention to produce Quality over Quantity. 1 of the best Maduros I've smoked. Each flavor is distinct. The flavors are consistent. The flavors in this cigar move with a perfect flow and balance. A must try for All."
Casa Magna Colorado,5 out of 5,Been one of my favorites,Been one of my favorites for years!
Casa Magna Colorado,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,one of my favorites!!
Casa Magna Colorado,5 out of 5,Bold and smokes well.,Bold and smokes well. In line with Olvia V
Casa Magna Colorado,5 out of 5,Choice!,"Every once in awhile I will get a tough draw, other than that outstanding taste and smoke."
Casa Magna Colorado,5 out of 5,My go-to cigar,This is my go-to cigar. Excellent draw and taste. My humidor will never be lacking this cigar.
Casa Magna Colorado,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"Very smooth and flavorful. I truly enjoyed this cigar and have made it my ""go to"" pick."
Casa Magna Colorado,5 out of 5,Go-to Cigar,Great full body cigar. Slightly sweet hint of cocoa wrapper that Tate's great to the end.
C'est La Vie,4 out of 5,C'est La Vie (it's life) - It's Also a Decent Smoke for the Price,"I've been smoking more cigars lately and ordered these to fill my humidor without busting the bank. After smoking several of these I've been pleased. As to be expected, there is a little inconsistency with how tightly they are rolled. But so far the burn has been even. The wrapper is mildly sweet - much less than other ""sweetened"" smokes I've had. The cigar itself is on the mild side. The wrapper is very thin and if you're not careful the wrapper will tear and the cigar will break down. I've found that my usual punch will destroy the cap, so I go with the cutter. However, I would not hesitate to purchase these again."
C'est La Vie,5 out of 5,great cigar great price,easy draw smooth flavor
C'est La Vie,5 out of 5,A big flavor for much less then you should expect to pay!,"Got my 2nd order of of 40 of these today and just enjoyed one out on the pool deck this evening. As usual no disappointment at all! Smooth and favorable and not just for the the money, but for much less to what you would expect to pay! Try them. You will not be sorry you did."
C'est La Vie,5 out of 5,Love them,"Easy, everyday smoke."
C'est La Vie,5 out of 5,"Very, very mild smoke!","My first order of these just arrived today and I must say that I am very impressed and will buy them again. A very, very mild and smooth smoke that is perfect for a quiet time smoke in the evening in the back yard or any other time when you just want to relax. No bite, not bitterness at all! Try them and you will not be disappointed."
C'est La Vie,4 out of 5,C'est La Vie,"I LIKE THESE CIGARS. THE FLAVOR IS SMOOTH ENOUGH TO MAKE THIS AN EVERY-DAY CIGAR, WHICH CAN ALSO BE USED AS A: ""STEPPIN' OUT"". THE PRICE IS ALSO SOMETHING THAT KEEPS ME COMING BACK. AT A BUCK PER STICK, YOU CAN'T GO WRONG."
C'est La Vie,5 out of 5,I will buy again,"Great Cigar
My favorite"
C'est La Vie,5 out of 5,Try then you will like it!,you need to try this cigar. very easy on taste
C'est La Vie,4 out of 5,c’la vie,Nice! Enjoyed them!
C'est La Vie,4 out of 5,Smooth and sweet,A good every day cigar. Stays smooth 'til the end and doesn't burn hot
C'est La Vie,4 out of 5,"Good smoke, cheep!","Good everyday cigar, to cut the grass, wash the car or just a afternoon cocktail."
C'est La Vie,5 out of 5,good,good
C'est La Vie,4 out of 5,"Great deal, nice smoke","These are nice for an everyday smoke. Initial burn is a bit off but it straightens out after an inch. I’ve smoked about 20 and so far I’m not disappointed. They develop all the way to the end. I suppose there is a bit of sweetness there but it’s in the smoke not the tip, which I like. Not harsh at all. Do yourself a favor and buy 2 bundles to rotate. I’ll keep buying. These are now my everyday smoke. What a deal!"
C'est La Vie,4 out of 5,Nice cigar for the price,Great smoke for that drive home after work
C'est La Vie,4 out of 5,Chest La Vie,Very good cheap cigar. Good to smoke when your in the garden or on the river bank.
C'est La Vie,4 out of 5,Order review,"Good cheap cigar. If you like mild cigars, like I do, you will like these.made well also."
C'est La Vie,5 out of 5,Guide,"Very Good, cheap cigar."
C'est La Vie,4 out of 5,Not bad for the price,"A fine economically priced cigar and while it doesn't have the taste and nuanced flavors of a more expensive cigar, it is well worth the price as an everyday smoke."
C'est La Vie,2 out of 5,"Some were good, many were not","When you get a good one, they're decent everyday smokes. But too many in the pack of 40 would fall apart or turn to mush. Even at this low price point, it became too frustrating to deal with all the bad ones to get to a good one."
C'est La Vie,4 out of 5,Price vs burn,Good every day smoke great taste sometimes doesn't smoke straight but for the price you couldn't ask for a better stick
C'est La Vie,4 out of 5,Excellent stick,All im going to say is this is an excellent cigar price very cheap its not made cheap nothing bad i can say about its very mild if you like a strong stick you may not like this one.
C'est La Vie,4 out of 5,What a deal,"Love the robust natural , First bought them for mowing or working at bench in garage now I go to them more often than my (good) cigars just wish they could keep them in stock I'm out and ci is too"
C'est La Vie,4 out of 5,WOW..........YOU'LL NOT GO WRONG WITH THESE !!,"WOW............ Just got my delivery of these, and They Are WINNERS !! Easy draw, even burn, a firm white ash, & a very mild taste with nuances of cream, light coffee, and toast. These sticks I got a single 20 on a CI sale, and thought I'd give them a go. I AM NOT DISAPPOINTED AT ALL. These are an excellent all round daily smoke for your day's activities. I'm certain to be back for more of these when I deplete the supply. GREAT MILD STICK !!"
C'est La Vie,5 out of 5,What a deal,Love em bought some for doing lawn and cigar vulture friends but now I keep more on hand than I do the so called better cigars humidors hold other more expensive brands but this is my favorite
C'est La Vie,5 out of 5,i take these golfing with me,"These guys are a staple in my book. Easy to smoke, good draw and great flavor. I get a little over 5 holes per smoke on the golf course."
C'est La Vie,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
C'est La Vie,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Great Smoke!
C'est La Vie,4 out of 5,Buy these,"Very happy with this stick. Great flavor. Very consistent stick after stick. Friends like it also. Can't beat the price. A bit of an uneven burn,but I can live with it. This will be my every day go to cigar."
C'est La Vie,5 out of 5,C'est La Vie Churchill Sweet 2-fer,"Good smoke! Draws well, and has a very pleasant initial bitter/sweet taste that becomes slightly sweeter after the first few puffs. I find this cigar to be of exceptional value."
C'est La Vie,5 out of 5,Geat Smoke!,"I have bought these before, now they are my go to smoke! Excellent!"
C'est La Vie,5 out of 5,c'est la vie rubusto sweet 2-fer,good everyday smoke! keep them in stock
C'est La Vie,5 out of 5,inexpensive but good,"One of the best inexpensive cigars I've ever had a wonderful everyday smoke, holds ash well burns even not bitter."
C'est La Vie,5 out of 5,good cigar,great
C'est La Vie,5 out of 5,Nice,Mild on your wallet as well as on your taste buds
C'est La Vie,3 out of 5,Mixed Bag,"Some have been good and some have been plugged but a good light smoke when you can draw it,"
C'est La Vie,5 out of 5,Great place!,Great place!
C'est La Vie,5 out of 5,Buen cigarro,Buen cigarro
C'est La Vie,5 out of 5,Good Cigar,Good Cigar
C'est La Vie,5 out of 5,Good,Good
C'est La Vie,5 out of 5,Good everyday smoke,"Mild draw and good finish,recommend for a all around smoke"
C'est La Vie,5 out of 5,Mild and Sweet,"Just got my smokes today and enjoyed one wright off the bat. It was just as stated, mild and smooth with a little bit of sweetness. Perfect for every day smoke."
C'est La Vie,5 out of 5,ANOTHER Good Deal,A good everyday smoke at a GREAT price. It's the reason I shop only CI!
C'est La Vie,4 out of 5,Nice Smoke,"Easy draw. Mild mannered, no harsh relights. Good price point."
C'est La Vie,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Loved the order.
C'est La Vie,3 out of 5,Just ok,The cigars taste is fine but they seem to be packed unevenly and one side almost always burns faster than the others. Still can't beat the price.
C'est La Vie,3 out of 5,C'est LA vie,Great cigar great price. Much better than I expected. I'd buy again.
C'est La Vie,5 out of 5,The natural,Smokes fine for price not a great smoke but a good all around cigar
C'est La Vie,5 out of 5,Excellent,Exceptional quality and service
C'est La Vie,5 out of 5,Another Order,I like this cigar.
C'est La Vie,5 out of 5,Cool inexpensive smoke,"Love a cigar that stays lit
this one does!"
Charter Oak,4 out of 5,Under valued cigar,This is a quality cigar at a very fair price.
Charter Oak,5 out of 5,Great Sale Purchase,"A stronger Connecticut, with high quality construction based on burn and ash. Great smoke output.
You are not denied value for the money; a can’t miss when on sale around $5/stick."
Charter Oak,5 out of 5,"Mild, flavorful and cheap!",Excellent smoke at around $6 a stick! Very mellow and easy to smoke but packs a lot of flavor. One of my favorites.
Charter Oak,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke!,Excellent smoke!
Charter Oak,4 out of 5,Charter oak toro,"Great for the price, mild-medium good smoke time."
Charter Oak,5 out of 5,Nice and taste,Very nice
Charter Oak,5 out of 5,Very Nice,Very very taste Not bitter
Charter Oak,5 out of 5,Good,Good and very Bitter
Charter Oak,5 out of 5,Nice!,Very nice 10/10
Charter Oak,5 out of 5,Charter Oak Smoke,Excellent cigar which they would be able to keep them in stock
Charter Oak,5 out of 5,Outstanding,"Smooth, solid tasting from the get go!"
Charter Oak,4 out of 5,Good Early Morning Smoke,Nice smooth smoke.
Charter Oak,5 out of 5,Worth 3x the price,"Best stick for the price, you literally cannot beat the price on these. Fantastic smoke, both the Connecticut and broad leaf varieties are just great flavor."
Charter Oak,5 out of 5,Charter Oak: The best keept sectret in cigar enjoyment.,"I stumbled on this magnificent smoke at a cigar shop in Key West while vacationing in the Florida Keys this past summer. I asked for a robust 60 ring Maduro with an edge and a smooth finish. The gar doesn't bite and has a strong hint of oak (not surprising) and a hint of mesquite along with a smoky feel. Great when barbequing and campfires. A perfect match at an affordable price. Also comes in a nice wooden box. My ""go to"" gar! My trip to the Keys payed off in more ways than one."
Charter Oak,5 out of 5,"Smooth, easy-going smoke","Great relaxing smoke, easy draw, nice even burn and great taste. Has become my go to cigar"
Charter Oak,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Charter Oak,5 out of 5,Charter Oak hits a home run. And out of the park at that!,"This very nice offering from the good folks at 'Charter Oak' has at least one new fan. Me! The initial bitterness of the Connecticut wrapper gives way to a nice light sweetness on the lips as well as a light leather feel in the mouth. The spice does not kick in until about 1/4 of the way into the cigar. Some woody under tones are present with light cocoa bitterness as well as some pepper. This is a cigar that will satisfy any medium cigar smokers taste and would make a great, next step up for the beginner cigar smoker wanting something a little stronger in taste. Not over powering in any one way. Very well balanced. As I write this review I am having one of these cigars and I am now down to the last 1/4. It is still very pleasant with no bitterness. It burns nice and even with no runners. This is a 'Nubber' ladies and gentlemen, and a very nice one at that. Well done 'Charter Oak'. High marks indeed."
Chillin' Moose,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Great smoke for Bachelor Parties or Hanging out around the Camp Fire..
Chillin' Moose,5 out of 5,the moose is loose,excellent smoke for after dinner chillin
Chillin' Moose,4 out of 5,Great smoke for the price,"Love the cigar, love the taste"
Chillin' Moose,4 out of 5,Good work around the house cigar,Nice cigar for when your outside do your honey do list
Chillin' Moose,4 out of 5,Decent,Nice smoke
Chillin' Moose,4 out of 5,Chillin' if yer willin'.,"Very smooth, light hint of leather and pepper. Smoked very well, and didn't hang heavy on me the next morning. The wife is also a fan!"
Chillin' Moose,4 out of 5,Very good,Very good
Chillin' Moose,5 out of 5,Price Can’t Be Beat!,"Nothing better than the price and quality of this cigar. Perfect everyday smoke that you can afford. Every Chillin’ Moose that I’ve smoked has been consistent, perfect burning and it’ll hold an ash the whole time!"
Chillin' Moose,5 out of 5,Good cigar. Easy smoke. Good,Good cigar. Easy smoke. Good price.
Chillin' Moose,5 out of 5,Wow,A very surprising cigar. Nice & mellow & goes well with my favorite scotch. Will definitely get these again.
Chillin' Moose,5 out of 5,Great Smoke Great Price,"Nice medium bodied smoke. Right up my alley. Great flavor perfect with a scotch. As a matter of fact, I think i'll have one of each right now!"
Chillin' Moose,5 out of 5,Taste and Value,"The original Chillin Moose is just the ticket if you are looking for great value in an every day smoke. The Moose has a dark oily wrapper, is densely rolled without sacrificing draw, and is smooth and tasty from end to end."
Chillin' Moose,5 out of 5,WOW!,Bought them based on the description and rating. I was blown away!!! These are an excellent low cost sub for when you can't afford an Ave Maria.
Chillin' Moose,5 out of 5,Second best cigar,I usually smoke cao but for a yard work cigar believe me these are great for the price
Chillin' Moose,4 out of 5,Spicy,Rolled tight but super long burning. Nice spicy flavor and smooth draw. Good everyday cigar and the price is right.
Chillin' Moose,5 out of 5,This cigar is not the very best but I thoroughly enjoy it,I enjoy this cigar
Chillin' Moose,5 out of 5,Great tasting cigars,Great tasting cigars
Chillin' Moose,5 out of 5,Hardworking Blue Collar Dream Smoke,"The Chillin Moose is one of the best cigars around in the mainstream brand genre. In fact, I put these bargain smokes right up there with CAO's Flathead Deisel. The Moose is wrapped tight and smoke long and good. Pound for pound, and dollar for dollar, it the best smoke for your money. Unless you ahve more money than sense."
Chillin' Moose,5 out of 5,Awesome,This is one of my favorite cigars
Chillin' Moose,4 out of 5,Chillin,Great everyday smoke
Chillin' Moose,5 out of 5,Great smoke for the money,Great smoke for the money
Chillin' Moose,5 out of 5,Great cigar for the price,"This is not a super premium cigar. The wrappers are not perfect. However, this is one of the best cigars for the price out there. It is a really mild smoke that is consistent throughout the whole cigar. Great everyday smoke."
Chillin' Moose,3 out of 5,good smoke!!!!!,good smoke!!!!!
Chillin' Moose,5 out of 5,"Really, Really, Really like it!","Really, Really, Really like it! Been telling all my cigar enthusiasts friends; 5 of them are buying it consistently! Great Cigar"
Chillin' Moose,5 out of 5,Great everyday smoke,I've found this cigar to be very mild with an easy draw and fairly even burn. Very good value and highly recommended.
Chillin' Moose,5 out of 5,Excellent mechanics,"One of the best rolled, best drawing, and best priced long leaf filler smokes I've ever had. Consistently. That said, it's strong and they don't have a milder version with a Connecticut shade wrapper. They should, because this baby is an industry-wide winner at this price point."
Chillin' Moose,5 out of 5,Chillin moose,Fresh on delivery.. always
Chillin' Moose,3 out of 5,Given to me by a friend,"Given to me by a friend as I was learning about the different tastes of cigars, a stepping stone in a way. Not a bad smoke for the money."
Chillin' Moose,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Best cigar for the money.
Chillin' Moose,5 out of 5,Highly recommend it,Awesome cigar. A relatively mild smoke for a great price.
Chillin' Moose,3 out of 5,Simple bonfire smoke,Not a bad every day mowing the lawn or sitting by the bonfire smoke. Mild and smooth with little flavor though.
Chillin' Moose,3 out of 5,"mild, smooth, and CHEAP!","Pretty mild. Not my type of cigar, but can't beat the price!"
Chillin' Moose,5 out of 5,Chillin moose,I belong to a cigar lounge and cigars international was recommended by my friends.I love looking at all your cigars .I would not say I ‘m a cigar expert and I’m very much influenced by price..
Chillin' Moose,5 out of 5,Great price and great flavor,Great price and great flavor nice even burn
Chillin' Moose,5 out of 5,Great cigar,I used a shuriken cutter and this smoked excellent. Smooth mild long lasting would highly recommend
Chillin' Moose,5 out of 5,Chillin moose,"Great cigar, nice gauge, mild smoke a good daily stick."
Chillin' Moose,4 out of 5,Good Flavorful Smoke,"A good smoke. It has a spicy but mild flavor. A bit too much of an aftertaste for me, but don't let that stop you from trying this excellent cigar."
Chillin' Moose,4 out of 5,Very nice cigar. A little,"Very nice cigar. A little strong, but good"
Chillin' Moose,5 out of 5,A great smoke,"I keep buying it, so i's a good smoke."
Chillin' Moose,4 out of 5,Good smoke,I don’t have all the fancy words and descriptions. I know what I like and I like how this cigar smokes. The box and the bands are a reminder of why I smoke cigars - coz it’s fun and enjoyable.
Chillin' Moose,5 out of 5,Decent smoke,Very decent smoke and the price was even better. Burn has been really even. Great after work stick
Chillin' Moose,4 out of 5,Nice every day cigar,Nice every day cigar
Chillin' Moose,3 out of 5,CM,It's a good cigar.
Chillin' Moose,5 out of 5,Chillin moose,Great cigar for every day smoke .
Chillin' Moose,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Chillin' Moose,4 out of 5,Nice mild cigar.,Nice mild cigar.
Chillin' Moose,3 out of 5,stronger than labeled,stronger than labeled
Chillin' Moose,4 out of 5,Good smoke for the price,For the everyday cigar smoker this is a good cigar for a good price
Chillin' Moose,4 out of 5,Good stick,Good stick
Chillin' Moose,5 out of 5,Excellent value,Excellent value
Chillin' Moose Too,5 out of 5,don't try them to hard to find,money aside cannot bet this cigar excellent
Chillin' Moose Too,4 out of 5,Moose 2 is shipping muse too,"Nice cigar, that's why it's backordered and you cant get them on time and never get a response from the shipping agent or carrier. POD"
Chillin' Moose Too,5 out of 5,Good cigar,Good everyday cigar I by a box every month and the price for them just can’t beat.
Chillin' Moose Too,5 out of 5,Great Value Smoke,These cigars are awesome for the price. They are Spicy and very consistent. The regular Chillin Moose is also very good too
Chillin' Moose Too,4 out of 5,Good everyday cigar,Good everyday cigar
Chillin' Moose Too,5 out of 5,Very enjoyable,A enjoyable treat!
Chillin' Moose Too,5 out of 5,A Giante Deal!,"Discovered this brand at a shop in Kingsport, a couple years ago, been smoking it ever since. Bought it at the Hamburg Mother Ship and on the web, by the case. Great Prices. Strong and smooth, if you haven't tried one, you owe it to yourself."
Chillin' Moose Too,5 out of 5,Burns even. Great smoke for,Burns even. Great smoke for the price.
Chillin' Moose Too,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Great cigar with an even better price. I really love this cigar
Chillin' Moose Too,5 out of 5,CM2,Outstanding cigars
Chillin' Moose Too,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Chillin' Moose Too,5 out of 5,moose,Excellent cigar for the money
Chillin' Moose Too,5 out of 5,Chilly moose,"Got these babys for a friend and we loved them. Even burn ,light smoke ,great taste"
Chillin' Moose Too,4 out of 5,Good for the price,Good every day stick.few veins wrapped tight even burn most of time ! Good everyday stick for the money ! Will buy again !
Chillin' Moose Too,4 out of 5,Great choice,"I've smoked these for a few years now and I truly enjoy them as my evening smokes, smooth with a hint of sweetness. I highly recommend, you won;t be disappointed that it's not a big name but the tastes sure is."
Chillin' Moose Too,4 out of 5,Bigwue69,"Smooth, mild with a spicy wrapper, and inexpensive."
Chillin' Moose Too,5 out of 5,Outstanding cigar,Great Smoke. Burns well and has a great taste
Chillin' Moose Too,4 out of 5,I like these cigars for the money. Good flavor!,Good flavor for the price
Chillin' Moose Too,3 out of 5,"Good, quality priced cigar.","Good, quality priced cigar."
Chillin' Moose Too,4 out of 5,Good cigar for the price,Good cigar for the price
Chillin' Moose Too,4 out of 5,Good,My every day smokes.
Chillin' Moose Too,3 out of 5,Try it.,Okay smoke.
Chillin' Moose Too,3 out of 5,Not what they use to be!,"I have been a big fan of Chillin Moose regular and these, but I hate to say the quality seems to be suffering now that they have grown in popularity. These were my every day smokes but frankly I won't be ordering again for a while. I will try again in a few months and see...."
Chillin' Moose Too,5 out of 5,Foundry chillin moose two,Good every day cigar for decent price
Chillin' Moose Too,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Great smoke for the price
Chillin' Moose Too,4 out of 5,Chill’n Moose,"Little skeptical initially, once lit chilly came around . Smooth draw , nice smoke , and pleasant flavors made for a surprisingly enjoyable smoke .
Definitely a great smoke for the price!"
Chillin' Moose Too,5 out of 5,Great daily smoke,Great daily cigar. Good burn and full flavor.
Chillin' Moose Too,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Had to humidify them for a few days but they are tasty and rich
Chillin' Moose Too,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Chillin' Moose Too,5 out of 5,Very Good,"Smooth, even, smoke. Aptly named."
Chillin' Moose Too,4 out of 5,I like it!,Good stuff at an affordable price!
Chillin' Moose Too,3 out of 5,Not feeling the burn,"Bought one these cigars while visiting the Hamburg, PA store (incredible store BTW) and loved it....In fact, ordered a box after returning home to Florida. Problem is they don't seem to have the flavor of the original one, smell great but little flavor. Hopefully giving them a few months in the humidor will help."
Chillin' Moose Too,4 out of 5,Great everyday smoke..,Great everyday smoke..
Chillin' Moose Too,5 out of 5,My Go To Cigar,"These competitively priced cigars rival AJ Fernandez's creations. Bold flavor, consistent construction, and excellent draw. Highly recommend."
Chillin' Moose Too,5 out of 5,Would you give a moose a cigar...?,"Happened to find this in the CI catalog. Out of the Chillin' Moose variants, this one is my favorite. Has some nice flavor and not a bad cigar for the price!"
Chillin' Moose Too,5 out of 5,Moose,One of my favorites good taste and burn
Chillin' Moose Too,4 out of 5,"Not a bad smoke,, some","Not a bad smoke,, some are rolled hard"
Chillin' Moose Too,4 out of 5,Very interesting smole,I really enjoyed this cigar. Mild to medium. Can become a ittle strong at certain points. Still a good smoke.
Chillin' Moose Too,4 out of 5,Great priceline !,Very good medium body cigar for under $5.... It's a great smoke to add to a four cigar day that we all sometimes have without killing your pocket
Chillin' Moose Too,4 out of 5,Chillen moose,They smell great and tast great and ain't to expensive
Chillin' Moose Too,5 out of 5,great price for an every,great price for an every day smoke!
Chillin' Moose Too,4 out of 5,Chillin’ Moose Too,Priced right. Good flavor. Keeps well in the humidor. Would recommend to a friend.
Chillin' Moose Too,4 out of 5,Very pleased,I actually enjoyed the cigar had a good taste and it actually didn't bite
Chillin' Moose Too,4 out of 5,The Chillin Moose Too,"The Chillin Moose Too is one of my favorites, I do prefer the gigante over the corona though, may have misspelled something.."
Chillin' Moose Too,5 out of 5,One of my favorites,A very good smoke at an every day price!
Chillin' Moose Too,5 out of 5,Awesome,Great cigars
Chillin' Moose Too,5 out of 5,No issues,Burns slow. Great taste.
Chillin' Moose Too,4 out of 5,Warming up to Chillin' Moose Too,"I had purchased one Chillin' Moose in a cigar store and enjoyed it. Seeing a sale price on CI I decided to try a 20 cigar box for a more extensive trial. I am very pleased with the Chillin' Moose Robusto. It is smooth smoking, fairly mild, flavorful, and a good value for the quality. It will be one of my regular golf course cigars."
Chillin' Moose Too,5 out of 5,Can't Go Wrong,Great smoke. Very smooth and gives off a great aroma.
Chillin' Moose Too,4 out of 5,So far I have had good luck with these.,The cigars that I have smoked have all burned fairly even. The flavor starts out a bit on the bitter side but then quickly mellows to a good smoke. I would buy these again.
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,4 out of 5,A good buy,A good buy
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,4 out of 5,They're good,They're good
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,5 out of 5,A mild yet robust enjoyable,A mild yet robust enjoyable smoke. I highly recommend it .
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,3 out of 5,The Churchill,"These are my go to cigars, they are a good draw most of the time have a mellow taste that is not overwhelming. I have experimented with different humidors lately because they have been drying out and then you are spitting tobacco constantly. They are one of the only cigars I have found that are individually wrapped. This I appreciate because I always can keep a few in my truck."
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,4 out of 5,Great quality at a fair price,"A mild , smooth cigar with great aroma."
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,4 out of 5,Fine cigar for it's price..,"Nice cigar, especially for it's price! I'd like to buy more. Simple, yet good taste, and pretty stout, too! 4.5 out of 5, at least!"
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,3 out of 5,For the casual cigar friend,"Good stick to keep a few of for the friend that's not into cigars but wants to smoke one with you. Very light smoke, but doesn't really 'wake up' until nearly the last third."
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,4 out of 5,Churchill Deluxe,"For a inexpensive cigar, this cigar really good. Burns even and has a good flavor."
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,4 out of 5,👌,"Very good substitute until you get Dominican Cream Robusto in stock again. My friend and I share orders, and we are considering ordering both cigars brands at times. Only found a few that were hard to draw so far with this brand. We like them."
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,4 out of 5,A good cheap cigar,A good cheap cigar
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,4 out of 5,Good taste for the price,As long as you unwrap them and let them dry a little they burn quite well.
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,1 out of 5,Partially plugged,Just a terrible cigar. I thought I was getting a great deal but this cigar is hard to draw through and I even aged them for over 6 months. Not worth the $. Give to your (not so close) friends... :/
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,4 out of 5,Better,"I had stopped buying these cigars last year because burned terrible, tasted terrible and ran down the side. I gave them another try and they are much better like when I bought over the past many years"
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,3 out of 5,"MILD,TASTY,NICE DRAW","MILD,TASTY,NICE DRAW"
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,2 out of 5,Disappointed,"Very hard smoke. The cigars did not burn evenly, were hard to keep lit, and very irregular to the touch. I will say when lit they did have some taste."
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,5 out of 5,Must put on my favorite list,"When I called as to why my order for Country Man cigars was back ordered, your representative told me that she didn't know how long it would take. I then asked her if there was a comparative cigar that she could recommend and she turned me on to the Churchill Deluxe. They happen to be a fantastic cigar, smooth drawing without a tongue bite and lasts for about little over an hour. I am sooo glad that my original choice was back ordered because I found another favorite choice."
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,3 out of 5,Average cigar due to plugs,A great deal if you handing out cigars to peeps that do not smoke cigars. Many are plugged and canoe a lot while burning.
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,3 out of 5,Affordable.,Not the best but good enough for the price.
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,1 out of 5,An unflavored cigar that’s wrapped,"An unflavored cigar that’s wrapped loose, burns harshly and torpedoes."
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,5 out of 5,Just what I ordered,In my humble opinion the are a nice medium yet aromatic cigar that are individually wrapped and invite a nice enjoyable draw and for the most part burn evenly. The price is reasonable and they keep well. You can not go wrong with these if your relaxing with your favorite scotch whiskey or working in and around the yard.
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,3 out of 5,Deluxe Caribe,"Good everyday smoke, better to use cutter rather than punch, wife likes the aroma."
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar for a cheap price. This is an everyday cigar that provides a long mild smoke. I haven't found a better cigar for the price.,Right cigar right price
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,5 out of 5,Always efficient and professional,"I have been completely satisfied with over a decade of doing business with CI. They are perennially efficient, courteous, and timely; with prices that simply can't be beat anywhere I've searched."
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,3 out of 5,OK,Would like better but pretty good for the price and I can't afford much more.
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,2 out of 5,Churchhill Deluxe gone bad,"the quality of churchill deluxe had gone way down hill. they have become difficult to smoke, always going out."
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,1 out of 5,Transace,"Poorly packed uneven burn , hot boxes easily, difficult to re-light. Overall rating zero"
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,1 out of 5,Very poor. The cigar did,"Very poor. The cigar did not smoke well and did not taste good,"
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,3 out of 5,Churchill Deluxe,A good cigar at a great price! I have purchased these several times and have not been disappointed.
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,3 out of 5,Humidor stuffer,"I had problems with these cigars not staying lit and with the wrapper sticking to my lip and peeling away from the cigar. This was not a problem with all the cigars in the box, but enough to warrant this feedback. Other than that, they made a ok everyday smoke. They had a good draw and decent flavor."
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,2 out of 5,No very good,Won't stay lit and hard to draw.
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,5 out of 5,GREAT CIGARS..ENJOYED SMOKING THEM..,GREAT CIGARS..ENJOYED SMOKING THEM..
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,3 out of 5,Good cheap cigar.,"It's a decent, inexpensive cigar if you smoke 4 or 5 a day. I save the $10 to $15 smokes for one an evening. When I'm playing golf I don't really think about my smoke so I appreciate a decent cheap cigar. The customer service at CI mid first rate and, really, that's what keeps me coming back."
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,2 out of 5,Deluxe by Caribe,"I always thought this was a good golf cigar. This box was disappointing, the roll was not tight enough and the burn was sloppy."
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,4 out of 5,1876 Churchills,Good bargain and a decent smoke
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,2 out of 5,Didn't Burn even,Good cigar for the money but did not burn well at all !!!
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,2 out of 5,All of them did not,All of them did not burn even
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,5 out of 5,Good value cigar.,Great for yard work or the golf course.
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,5 out of 5,Great buy,I like these cigars for several reasons. They. Taste good. They draw easy while they last a long time. I haven't found a better buy for the money.
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,5 out of 5,Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,"Best cigar for the price, I have ever smoked."
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,4 out of 5,Good every day smoke,"Good smoke for every day. Inexpensive and a great mild taste. Some draw issues exist, but for the price this is a good cigar for a reasonable price."
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,5 out of 5,A great everyday smoke,"These are well rolled, although wrapper occasionally is a bit dry. Can be relit without getting acid..my everyday smoke for as long as they are available."
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,3 out of 5,Churchill,Not as tasty as Cuban Delights
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,4 out of 5,great price 4 a good cigar,"try it!!! ,a good smooth smoke"
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,5 out of 5,Long time customer eval,Always first rate product @ most reasonable price anywhere.
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,1 out of 5,We're more like cheap cigarettes,I tried one than traded the remaining sticks for two cohibas. I was going to just throw them away.
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,4 out of 5,good smoke for cheap,I buy these to smoke while I'm driving around for my work. Good value . Always consistent.
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,4 out of 5,Good cigar for the price,"Mild cigar, good burn. Gets a little hot in the final third of the stick. Season them in the humidor for several days upon delivery. They came to me a bit dry. Almost every one cracked upon cutting. After proper humidification, that became less of a problem."
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,2 out of 5,Churchill Deluxe by Caribe Churchill Deluxe,"Cigars were not fresh ---- very dry. Also, many are not rolled well, resulting in poor burn characteristics."
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,5 out of 5,Bang for the buck,For the price these cigars are great. Always remember to store properly though as to not let them dry out.
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,5 out of 5,Churchill by Caribe,Excellent cigars for the money - Best deal available!
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Very nice stick,Very nice stick
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,Rolled Cuban,Best value out there.
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke for price point.,Excellent smoke for price point.
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Nice Smoke...,"These are NOT shabby knockoffs. Very well constructed from quality materials. Delightful draws of delicious flavor throughout the entire burn. Truly enjoyable!,,"
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,CI Fresh Rolled Cigar,"A consistently smooth taste time after time.
I always enjoy this mild tasting cigar.
Thank you for ensuring the product quality!"
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,"A great smoke,especially for the","A great smoke,especially for the price!"
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Perfect smoke at a perfect,Perfect smoke at a perfect price!!
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Good everyday cigar,Good everyday cigar
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Good product,Good product
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,A good cigar,A good cigar
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Best Buy for the money,Best Buy for the money spent
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,"Great smoke, great price, great","Great smoke, great price, great everyday cigar."
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,An excellent Cuban blend cigar.,An excellent Cuban blend cigar. Can’t beat the price and taste of this cigar.
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,3 out of 5,These cigars are mild and,These cigars are mild and affordable daily smoke and will not cause you to be upset if the cigar is destroyed or lost.
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Great deal !,So far not a bad one in the bunch . keep them coming as long they stay in stock
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,"Good, for the price.","Good, for the price."
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,Not a bad smoke!,"Nice cigars with a smooth taste, along with a nice burn. Not bad at all! Will buy again, plus the price wasn't bad for a pack of 40 cigars."
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,Good cigar at a fair,Good cigar at a fair price
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,Good Smoke,Potent cigar and quality wrapper. Can't beat the price!!
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,Bargain,"Fresh, well rolled"
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,Great value,Great value
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,Anytime Cigar,Very surprised given the price. Usually burned cool and evenly. Nutmeg and pepper flavors. Very enjoyable. 😊
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Fresh rolled,I love to take these to work. Perfect smoke for the job
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,Good everyday cigar,"Great everyday, dog walking, lawn mowing cigar. occasional loosely packed cigar (1 of 40). good draw and taste."
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,Good cigar but burning uneven,I do like these. Very fragrant with nice draw but through 4 now and they aren’t burning evenly. I will definitely buy more as these a a great everyday smoke.
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,3 out of 5,CI Fresh Rolled,"They are a good buy for the price, but they are kind of strong. If they were a little smooter, they would be rated among the best !"
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Great Buy,Very consistent long smoking mild cigar. My go to cigar.
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,I love it,I love it
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Great,Great
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,3 out of 5,Nice,Burns unevenly !
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Great bargin/ Really good everyday Cigar,"For the money, have not found a better cigar. They are no Ashton's but a good everyday cigar for sure. You can't go wrong in my opinion."
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Good cigars,Good cigars
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,My everyday smoke.,My everyday smoke.
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,not bad for the price,not bad for the price
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,Ez smoke,"Nice n easy , good burn for the price"
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,3 out of 5,CI Fresh-Rolled Cubans,Several of them were hard to draw on. Kept want to go out. Finally gave up and threw away. However most we of good taste and easy to draw.
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,best buck and half cigar,best buck and half cigar ever..
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Great smoke at a great,Great smoke at a great price
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Light and full of flavor! Must buy!,"These are FANTASTIC. Super enjoyable smoke with a light body. Doesn't linger very long and has caramel notes. Very, very subtley sweet and not obnoxious. I would recommend pairing with a light or blonde iced coffee during the summer with a touch of whole milk."
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,Will be ordering more soon,Will be ordering more soon
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,Good cigar for the money,Good cigar for the money but you really must have a severe problem with your supply chain. A lot of your products are out of stock almost more often than thet are in stock. This has been going on for a couple of years so it isn't a pandemic issue.
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,"Excellent smoke for the money, great draw mild to medium body. Very smooth please do not raise the price. This is my go to cigar"
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,For the price you can’t go wrong!,"These cigars are an absolute deal! They burn true, and taste real good. Occasionally one is a little tight on the draw, but generally they’re packed well. I’ll order these over anything else when they’re available."
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,CO Cuban wheel Churchill,"I normally don’t smoke a Churchill of any brand, but I thought, “what the heck.” It is a good cigar. It draws well, burns evenly, and is very satisfying either on my front porch with bourbon or on the golf course. I’d get them again."
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Enjoyable,Very nice cigar for out on the golf course or boating
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,3 out of 5,Rosado wraps better but out,Rosado wraps better but out of stock. These were kind of mushy
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,A great cigar for the,A great cigar for the price. Really appreciate Veterans discounts. Thank you.
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Great Buy,The cigars are awesome!!!
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Wondreful everyday cigar,"These are my go-to for when I'm going my outside chores, A great everyday cigar."
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,Outstanding smoke,Love the taste and smell. Smooth. Wish it would burn longer. Seems to burn a little faster than other top brands that size. I buy these often and keep some always stocked.
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,Great Value,"I got these cigars to take on a two week fly fishing/camping trip to Montana and Idaho. They did not disappoint. Well constructed and medium bodied, every one was good. Pleasant smoke with my morning coffee or relaxing by the campfire after a day of fishing."
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,Price is right!,"Only draw back I see, is the cigars have a tendency to unravel a bit. But, that may be to my poor caring for them in an appropriate humidor. A very mellow smoke and an exceptional price"
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Always excellent service,Always excellent service
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,GREAT,GREAT
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,"My ""Go To""",I stock my humidor with these tasty beauties every chance I get. Great even construction and fantastic taste. You will have trouble finding better for the money.
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,Good,Good
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado,great cigar at a great price!
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,3 out of 5,Good everyday cigar,Good everyday cigar
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,This is a great cigar.,This is a great cigar. I’ve tried others and keep coming back and it’s Affordable
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Rosado Cuban Wheels,I am retired now so I was looking for a good cigar that fits my fixed income budget. I was very surprised. The cost of these cigars are so low and I didn’t expect that they would be so good. They burn great. Wonderfull aroma and taste.
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,a good cigar,I have a limited budget and a unlimited like of cigars. therefore Have sought out good cigars at a price I can afford. The rosado cuban wheel fits perfectly into my WHEEL HOUSE. good cigar. good price don't tell anybody else or the price might go up. DO I GET A PRIZE FOR A TRUTHFUL ANSWER.
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,Great Value,"Well constructed, consistent, flavorful, great draw."
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Great everyday stick,Good cigar for everyday.
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Great smoke. Great price,Great smoke. Great price
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,Good every day smoke. Consistent,"Good every day smoke. Consistent burn, good draw. Never disappoints. Great value."
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,Great value,Great value
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Practically Perfect,Great cigar for my summer camping trips! The low price only makes it better. Thanks C.I.
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Awesome everyday smoke!!!!! Really great,Awesome everyday smoke!!!!! Really great deal!!!!!
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,value,"Good cigar for the price
Maybe a little more consistency"
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Great smoke for the money,This is a good cigar that I will definitely purchase again.
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Tasty treats,"My everyday go to cigar. Great smoke, great value, keep them coming CI."
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Rosado Cuban Wheel,Best cigar for the money.
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Great Cigar. You won't be dissapointed. A true bargain.,"Folks, we have a winner! I like trying to find true bargains and wow is this one. This should be easily twice the price. They are well constructed with compact roll that has burned razor sharp and had a good draw on every smoke i have tried. The flavor is great, offering a medium bodied smoke with leather, earth, cashews and nutmeg. This is the first house cigar from any company that has been worth smoking. It will definitely become a go to purchase."
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado,Great deal
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,CI Cuban wheels Churchill wrapper,I purchase them because you were out of the Connecticut wrapper I've been buying them The last couple of years I find them a fantastic cigar I've only tried the roserio when you're out
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Am I getting it or not? Was scheduled to arrive by July 2?,What is the situation of my order?
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,"Good flavor, great value, some","Good flavor, great value, some are rolled a little tight!!"
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Excellence on a low budget,"An inexpensive, mildly strong, good tasting, even burning cigar. This is a really great deal for the money."
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Good cigars for the price,Good cigars for the price
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,3 out of 5,Rolled too tight,"I very rarely complain, especially about construction problems. But I have to say this was my first order of ci fresh rolled and I think my last. About 25% of the bundle were rolled tighter than a frog's behind. Couldn't fix those and that's too bad. It's an OK stick otherwise."
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,Cuban wheel,consistant smoke.
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Relaxing smoke,Very nice cigars
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,My go to smoke!,My go to smoke. They always light and burn perfectly. I am telling you that you cannot go wrong with a wheel of these cigars
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Great cigar if you can find it in stock.,"This is a great cigar at a reasonable price. However, it is often out of stock very often for long periods. They should order more."
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,good every day smoke for,good every day smoke for the price.
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,good smoke for the price,These are good daily smokes. Seldom do I have any issues with construction or draw.
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,3 out of 5,good,good daily cigar
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,good cigar,"nice mild smoke good all the time, would buy again."
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,3 out of 5,They smoke fine ! Been,They smoke fine ! Been smoking them for a long time !
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Cigar love,"love these baby's, earthy, spicy, pepery great burn. KEEP UM COMMING!!!!!"
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Cigars,Good cigars
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Nice smokes,Great value for an everyday cigar
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,"Tasty, even burn, good value."
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Low pricedmdynamite,"Can't beat the price and quality. It has become my everyday smoke,"
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Go to everyday cigar,"When I can get them, my everyday go to cigar, nutty and leathery"
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Awesome value and taste!!,Awesome value and taste!!
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Best daily cigar!,I have bought many wheels and never been disappointed!
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Love it!!!!,Nice cigar. I'll buy it again
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,GREAT DEAL GREAT CIGAR,I give it a 5 because of the quality for the price. It is the second time I got them. This time they needed to spend some time in my humidor. 2 weeks later they were great
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,5 out of 5,"Great flavor, easy smoke","Great flavor but not overwhelming, easy pull, quick smoke, very consistent."
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,5 out of 5,Home Run!,"Literally my favorite cigar! I could have this in the morning with my coffee, in the afternoon during a long break, or after dinner after desert. Literally my go to stick and I can enjoy with any drink even with the coffee flavor. Comes in a pack of 20 so you cant go wrong. Absolutely love these! CI you hit a home run with this stick!"
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,5 out of 5,My favorite cigar,"This is my favorite of all that I smoke. The flavor and burn are the beat I've had. When buying I would suggest buying it in large bulk becuase they constantly run out, but if you like a smooth, easy draw, nice blend to enjoy with a drink that's not over powering this cigar is for you"
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,5 out of 5,Bad Choice,The cigars were fine like all the products from CI.......but I don’t like coffee flavored cigars.........I ordered incorrectly..........CI is great to order from and I will continue to do so
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,5 out of 5,Coffee Corona Knock Offs are the BOMB!,"Great flavor, even burn, solid price. You can't go wrong with the Coffee Knock Offs. I am not a coffee drinker but I absolutely love these sticks. Paired with a good bourbon, they can't be beat. I keep a good supply in my humidor for guests and have to reorder regularly. My friends always ask if I have any of those ""coffee flavored"" cigars left. My wife even likes the sweet smell emitted from an enjoyable smoke on the deck. Do yourself and your friends a favor and order a package or two-the price is right and you son't be disappointed."
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,4 out of 5,I have smoked them before,I have smoked them before and am always pleased. Just happy I received my entire order and nothing was on backorder
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,4 out of 5,Coffee what a nice surprise!,CI Knock-Offs nice job. One of my new favorites...
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,5 out of 5,Great Cigars!,"These cigars smell and taste wonderful, these are the only ones that I smoke now"
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,5 out of 5,Fantastic coffee flavored smoke!,"THese babies were awesome the first time I had ever tried them. Great coffee flavor. good, even burn all the way through and for the money....these cannot be beat! I will buy again and again!!"
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,4 out of 5,Great Buy,"Very happy with these! Smooth smoke, firm, very nice taste. Great smoke in the morning!"
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,4 out of 5,coffee toro,Very flavorful you will not miss the coffee in this one!
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,3 out of 5,Just ok,Was disappointed thought they would have little more flavor. They are smooth and burn even.
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,5 out of 5,great cigar,Best cigar for this price never a problem with quality
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Awesome flavor and great smoke
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,5 out of 5,A regular in my humidor,"Never a flaw! I try to keep two boxes in backup. Lots of aromatic smoke, too."
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,5 out of 5,Shocking taste,Shocking taste
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,4 out of 5,Better than I thought,Good flavor and nice burn
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,5 out of 5,coffee toro,good mild smoke.
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,5 out of 5,They taste greaTT,They taste greaTT
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,5 out of 5,Well Worth It!!,"Wow... really flavorful, and a great smoke for any time of the day. I am buying more."
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,3 out of 5,Brittle,"Wrappers seem a little dry..they are tending to peel, B
but my girlfriend loves the way they smell!"
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,4 out of 5,Enjoy,Great flavor! Some don't burn evenly but we still enjoyed.
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,5 out of 5,"My favorite. Great lingering taste,","My favorite. Great lingering taste, easy to smoke and last well."
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,5 out of 5,Great Smoke!,A buddy of mine gave me one yesterday and it was one of the best smokes I've had. I knew I had to get my hands on some more.
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,5 out of 5,Surprisingly good,"It doesn’t have the aroma of expensive cigar, but still very good"
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,5 out of 5,If You Are Wondering?,Best cigar I have smoked in years. Bar none!!
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,5 out of 5,smooth,This is a good reasonable smoke for a good price . After dinner smoke .
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,5 out of 5,Great cigars,Great cigars
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,5 out of 5,Feedback,Love the smooth taste and quality throughout the entire smoke.
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,4 out of 5,Great smoke!,"I usually hate hard flavored things, but these were really good! I gifted a few to my friend who doesn’t smoke but was willing to try something that wasn’t harsh. Long story short, he LOVES these!"
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,5 out of 5,GOOD VALUE,"Drew Estate Java $240 for 20 sticks. Tabak $170.00 for 20 sticks. CI Coffee Knock-Offs $40 for 20 sticks.
Although not as good as the previously mentioned brand name cigars, they are 1/4 of the price. Good stick for the price if you enjoy infused cigars."
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,5 out of 5,Excellent smooth flavored cigars.,Excellent smooth cigar for those seeking a flavored but also mild cigar. Significantly well priced also.
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,4 out of 5,Good Cigar,Good everyday cigar. Would recommend.
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,5 out of 5,Smoke around the wife cigar,"If you have a wife that hates the smell of cigars like my wife does. This is what I call “my smoke around the wife cigar”
I truly enjoy smoking these. The flavor is very noticeable and I really enjoy them. Plus it brings a mellow and sweet smell that people around you will enjoy as well. Plus the price is amazing."
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,5 out of 5,Give them a try!!!!!,Great smoke in the morning with coffee or after dinner as a dessert smoke. Surprisingly great flavor. Could hardly put them down. Will purchase again. Thanks CI
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,5 out of 5,Best choice!,Best choice!
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,3 out of 5,Coffee,"Sweat and good smelling, a good smoke for the money"
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,5 out of 5,"Great stick, great price",Surprisingly good stick. Would buy again. Great price
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,5 out of 5,Nice flavor,THere is a spice-filled draw that really grabs my attention. Love the smaller ring size as well. Great cigar for folks like me that like infused cigars.
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,5 out of 5,Good everyday cigar,Good everyday cigar
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,5 out of 5,Outstanding Construction and Consistent Quality!,Consistent construction and even burn. Outstanding smoke for the price!
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,4 out of 5,Coffee Knock offs,Good coffee flavor with a hint of sweetness.
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,5 out of 5,Good stuff,"Great cigar, good flavor, great smoke, easy drag.. excellent price.. total win"
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,4 out of 5,Coffe lovers smoke,"Wonderful coffee flavor, smooth rich leathery cigar"
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,4 out of 5,Great second,"Rich coffee flavoring throughout, great cigar"
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,4 out of 5,Ballpark of Tabak,"I find this product to be within the ballpark of Tabak (My favorite Cigar) at 1/4 the cost. I will make this observation. When I first got the cigars I found them a tad bitter. I saw a review on here about letting the Cigars season a bit in a Humidor. I let my batch sit for about 3 months before I tried again and the smoke was very much improved. It is within the ballpark of my favorite cigar which is to say not quite as good, but the price difference makes me not care, especially if I have a drink with it."
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,5 out of 5,Can’t Beat It,"Very good smoke with a great price point. These tasty cigars seem to sell out pretty quickly, and for a good reason. Will purchase again... very soon."
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,4 out of 5,"I recommend buying this cigar. Compared to irish cream, this is nothing short of cohiba.",this is coffee
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,5 out of 5,Worth every penny!,Excellent every-day smoker...very smooth and consistently-burning. I will def be getting more of these in the future!
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,4 out of 5,Good value,Mild with a hint of coffee.
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,4 out of 5,Nice mellow cigar,Nice mellow cigar. Good flavor.
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,4 out of 5,Tasty smoke,"For the price, you can't beat them. Burns well, constructed fine, nice smoke, nice draw, doesn't start getting bitter until down to about 2 inches. Better than the coffee knockoffs, which surprised me."
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,4 out of 5,Well worth it,"While these are not the top end cigar, their flavor is great and a smooth smoke."
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,4 out of 5,Less flavor than the smaller,Less flavor than the smaller cigar knockoff.
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,5 out of 5,Good cigar. Plan to continue,Good cigar. Plan to continue smoking them.
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,4 out of 5,Not bad for a knock-off,Not bad for a knock-off and will be ordering again once these are gone.
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,4 out of 5,"Tasty even smoke, only reason","Tasty even smoke, only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is that they burn a little fast."
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,4 out of 5,Sweet and dreamy,Sweet and dreamy
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,4 out of 5,Great smoke for a small,Great smoke for a small price
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,4 out of 5,Value and quality.,"Good smoke , for a good price. Smooth and tasty the whole through. Burned even , and had consistent flavor throughout smoke."
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,5 out of 5,"Knock Offs are great, very","Knock Offs are great, very smooth - however, I didn't like paying shipping on an order over $125, and it was the first time ever, that I had to pay a tobacco excise tax."
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,4 out of 5,Pleasantly Surprised,"Great favor, nice burn and smooth finish."
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,5 out of 5,Great easy smoke,"Great flavor, quick smoke, easy pull 5/5. The coffee knock offs are amazing too."
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,4 out of 5,CI Knock-Offs Irish Cream Great Value.,If you're looking for a mild cigar with a great aroma. CI Irish Cream is a great choice and even better value.
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"I love this cigar for flavor, taste, and cost. The only draw back is that they are constantly out out stock."
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,4 out of 5,"Sweet, whiskey good and yummy","Sweet, whiskey good and yummy"
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,4 out of 5,Very good cigars,Very good cigars
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,4 out of 5,Chicory (fake Coffee),Actually pretty good....a bit too sweet for me but an enjoyable smoke on the porch after a hard days work....more like a dessert than a meal.
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,4 out of 5,They were a little dried,They were a little dried out when I received them. Other than that they were very enjoyable. Nice aroma and smooth taste
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,5 out of 5,Nice easy smoke,mellow smoke that doesn't break the bank!
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,4 out of 5,Vacation,Bought as a vacation cigar for myself and cousins/uncles. Cigar was a success. Everyone liked them. Good flavor. Good aroma. Good price. Definitely buying again.
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,4 out of 5,Nice cigars I like the,Nice cigars I like the coffee ones better but these are a good mild stick
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,4 out of 5,"Good, enjoy them","Good, enjoy them"
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,5 out of 5,Excellent Flavor!,Flavor is smooth and not overbearing. The slightly sweetened tip and creamy flavor lasts through the entire smoking experience. 👍🏼
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,4 out of 5,Nice Knock-offs,"Nice flavor throughout, burns evenly (a little quick in my opinion). But well worth the price...will definitely buy again!"
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,5 out of 5,A little flavor for the day,Great everyday smoke
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,5 out of 5,The cigar burned great all,The cigar burned great all the way throw and it had great flavor the hole time I was smoking them. The price is great and I would recommend that you try these cigars.
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,4 out of 5,Sweet Smoke,This is a very mild sweet tasting cigar. It is even smoking to the end.
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,5 out of 5,Excellent,"A smooth, flavorful smoke. It's my go to. I'll definitely buy again."
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,4 out of 5,"Good, OK flavor","I purchased these after trying the CI Knockoffs- Coffee flavored, even though these don't rate as well. I can say now that the coffee ones definitely had better flavor and the end caps fell apart on the Irish Cream when smoking. Good overall cigar and decent flavor but I'll stick with the coffee ones from now on."
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,5 out of 5,A good cigar,The cigar Burns really nice and it’s nice and smooth
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,4 out of 5,What a smoke!,Smooth with a touch of sweetness.
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,3 out of 5,Good cigar for the price,Good cigar for the price sweet flavor
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,3 out of 5,Hit or Miss,"Honestly its hit or miss with these bundles. I have had packs that tasted and burned great and I have had a pack that went directly to the trashcan. Pleasant taste, even burn, decent construction when you hit or a very green slightly bitter taste with poor construction when you miss."
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,5 out of 5,Great Deal...,"Very nice draw (or pull), burns evenly/medium speed, taste great, probably medium/mild, and smells okay to others. That's how I rate my sticks."
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,5 out of 5,Low Priced Everyday Cigar,"5 Star For an everyday knock-around cigar. Quality construction, even burn, good taste, and priced well enough."
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke if you can get them
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,5 out of 5,"A mellow smoke, especially in the evening.","I have bought them several times and will continue to buy them again. Even friends who do not smoke anything at all have commented on the enjoyable smell of them when I am smoking them outside on my pool deck. They are smooth and very sweet and favorable. They are a treat anytime of day, but I especially like them in the afternoon or late in the evening as a mellow finish to my day."
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,1 out of 5,Knocking them,"Bad, strong taste. I gave them away."
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,4 out of 5,Great tasting cigar,"Bought these a week or so ago, and great tasting cigar. Very mellow smoke.
However I did notice today that my morning cigar the wrapper was flaking, so I'm hoping it was just the one. Other than that great smoke burns good taste good what else do you want or need?"
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,4 out of 5,Great daily cigar!,The CI Irish Creams are great tasting cigars. An excellent value for a quality flavorful cigar. Excellent choice with a good cup of coffee. I’ve share these with many friends and all of the love this cigar.
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,5 out of 5,CI knockoff,"Received, placed in humidor for a week, good smoke"
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,5 out of 5,Great smoke the price.,Great smoke the price.
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,5 out of 5,A late night snack.,"Don't let the ""Knock-offs"" fool you. These are excellent smokes to end the day with in the evening in the backyard. Sweet and mellow. Sort of like a late snack before bedtime."
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,3 out of 5,Nice cigar for car ride,Nice cigar for car ride
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,5 out of 5,good cigars,"I had good smoking with this excelent cigar, creamy, mild, very good flavor. but little bitter ending"
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,3 out of 5,They fall apart,They fall apart
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,4 out of 5,Tasty,"A pretty good cigar,some tasting better than others,but still a very good smoke."
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,4 out of 5,Very nice for the price.,I like them. Smoke real good . Very nice yard work for the price.
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,5 out of 5,Wow,"High quality smokes! Smooth easy draw, full-bodied flavor. With the market uncertainties and increasing cigar prices, the CI Knockoffs are a new staple. Big on everything you want, reasonable on price!"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,3 out of 5,Not a bad smoke for,Not a bad smoke for the price!
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,4 out of 5,"Not bad for a cheaper,","Not bad for a cheaper, quick smoke when you don't have time for the real thing. Some were packed a little too tight that made the draw inconsistent. Flavor wasn't bad. I would buy again."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,5 out of 5,Nice smoke,"Great value, will definitely order again."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,3 out of 5,Good Cigar,A very enjoyable cigar for the price can't beat it very pleased.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,5 out of 5,CI Knock Offs,Good cigar good value
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,5 out of 5,CI Knock-Off Pequenos,I prefer coronas and petite coronas. I very much like these cigars. I give them at least 6 months in the box. They burn and taste better with a little age.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,5 out of 5,Great cigars.,Great cigars.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,3 out of 5,Good decent smoke,Good decent smoke
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,3 out of 5,CI Knock-Offs,Good for price paid; trouble is they are often on backorder.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,5 out of 5,An excellent cigar bundle for,An excellent cigar bundle for a very low price
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,5 out of 5,A Great Dog-walker,"You can't beat this little stick for the price.
Good draw, good construction, even burn, and it has a really good flavor.
I will be getting these again."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,5 out of 5,CI Cohiba Pequenos. Knock-Offs,"Very good smoke,full bodie"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,5 out of 5,Cohiba Knock-off,Not a bad little cigar for the price!
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,3 out of 5,These are a good smoke,These are a good smoke
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,5 out of 5,Good cigars,You can't beat the price for these CIs. Will buy again.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,4 out of 5,Great,Burns good some were dry and burned funny over all good everyday smoke
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,5 out of 5,Easily one of my favorites,"Smoke them down to the nub, an excellent cigar"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,4 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke although leaves are a little loose on some.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,5 out of 5,It's worth a try,"Smooth draw, great taste, great price"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,4 out of 5,Inexpensive and Enjoyable,"I'm not a cigar expert by any stretch of the imagination. I enjoy a stogie or two on the golf course. So my review must be taken with that in mind.
I've really enjoyed these. They're fairly light in flavor, but I don't want to get all buzzed up on the course anyway. They arrived shortly after I ordered them, and they're fresh and burn evenly."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,4 out of 5,Good small cigar,"I have bought these in the past and for a while they stopped having them in stock. Good flavor and the construction and draw is as consistent as any small cigars I have tried. I also smoke Punch bolos, and I think these CI s have a more consistently good draw."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,5 out of 5,CI K/Os vs Cohiba,"Great smokes, especially for the price!
Ordered more!"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,4 out of 5,Not bad,"For a knockoff not bad at all, will re-order."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,5 out of 5,"Awesome cigar,as a result,Always Back Ordered 😕😕","Great cigar , great price. Love All the Vitolas & while they are about as close as I've found to the Real Deal,IMHO the Closest in flavor to a Genuine Cohiba are the Pequenos. I have Only One Problem with them. They've been back ordered for a Very Long Time. More than 6 months. I've made an agreement with myself to Not Buy Anything from CI till they are back in stock. If you check my past order history,you'll notice you're missing a Lot of business because of this. Please re stock"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,4 out of 5,Toasty,"Smooth, with hints of toast and leather, never any bite"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,5 out of 5,Great smoke at a great price!,Great smoke at a great price!
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,4 out of 5,good stick,"good yard stick, i smoke these in the yard while doing yard work, Yard Stick!"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,4 out of 5,Best smoke out there for,Best smoke out there for the price
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,5 out of 5,Nice,Excellent...will but again
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,5 out of 5,A Great Value Smoke,"I'm not about to give up cigar smoking, but I have given up the genuine Cubans. And while I'm not about to say these are as good (they're not - my brand of choice was Cohiba Siglo Type II), I can afford these. And they come in a robusto size (my preferred). The wrap is alawys well done and the cigar burns evenly. It smokes at a higher price value than what it costs and I order them regularly. Service from this company (Cigars International) is as good as it gets so I'm happy."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,5 out of 5,not bad for $$,really nice smoke no compalints
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,5 out of 5,Thanks CI,I've have smoked many good pricey cigars but I am very impressed with these I will be trying more of these Knock offs thanks CI because average smokers can still enjoy good quality
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,3 out of 5,Nice day to day,Nice day to day
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,4 out of 5,Great smoke for the money,Great smoke for the money
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,5 out of 5,great smoke,great every now and then smoke
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,5 out of 5,Will definitely buy again,"I was hesitant to buy these and have been pleasantly surprised. It's a great short smoke (when time is limited), flavorful and an easy draw. I'm planning on trying some of the others. Can't do much better for the price."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,4 out of 5,Nice cheap smoke.,Nice cheap smoke.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,5 out of 5,Terrific value!!,Love them!
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,5 out of 5,RMC2,"I get these cigars on occasion and they are great, in taste, flavor, and all around good smoke."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,4 out of 5,Worthy,Very good taste and burn for the buck. I will buy again.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,4 out of 5,Good taste and value,Good taste and value
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,4 out of 5,On a budget,"Can't afford to be smoking Cohibas every day and these Knock-offs are a great, inexpensive substitute. They hold together well and have a smooth, mild flavor. This allows me to save my Cohiba smoking for special occasions and events."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,4 out of 5,Decent cigars,"I’m no cigar expert but I liked them, good smoke. Will buy them again!"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,4 out of 5,Try them!,Good value but inconsistent pack. Sometimes hard to draw. Good taste
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,5 out of 5,Knock offs cohiba,Smooth tasting cigar
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,5 out of 5,You won't be disapointed,These are great. I've had them in pequenos and robusto. Best tasting inexpensive cigar I've had. I will always have these in my humidor.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,5 out of 5,Great value,best cigars and great customer service ..thank you
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,4 out of 5,CI Cohiba Knock Offs,Good deal for the price. Decent smokes which I'll order again.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,5 out of 5,For the price,for the price you cant beat it. Good hand rolled sticksthat have a decent draw.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,4 out of 5,very good smoke well worth,very good smoke well worth the money
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,4 out of 5,Excellent.,Excellent.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,4 out of 5,Generally a consistently good cigar,Generally a consistently good cigar
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,4 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,5 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,5 out of 5,Cigar smoking Villain,Way better than expected!
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,4 out of 5,Decent cheap stick,Overall decent smoke. Didn't like the uneven burn
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,5 out of 5,Great products,Great products
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,5 out of 5,Great smoke stays lit easy,Great smoke stays lit easy draw
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,5 out of 5,Great value cigar!,I have been getting these cigars for a few years now. I enjoy the consistency from order to order. I always know what to expect. These cigars smoke evenly and are definitely worth the price.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,5 out of 5,La Glorious...,Great knock off!
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,4 out of 5,Good to go for being,Good to go for being seconds 👍
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,4 out of 5,Partagas are a little better,"I like Partagas better,but they are always on backorder"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,3 out of 5,Very dry,"The cigars came to me very dry, causing splitting when the end was clipped. Needed to leave in humidor for a week before I was able to enjoy the smoke."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,5 out of 5,Very good,Very good
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,5 out of 5,Good smoke especially for the price,Good smoke especially for the price. Burn even for the most part consistent flavor. Will definitely buy them again.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,5 out of 5,Good smoke for the money,Good smoke for the money
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,4 out of 5,Very good. Worth the money.,Very good. Worth the money. A good everyday smoke.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,5 out of 5,CI LGC Knock-Offs,Can’t beat them for the price! Perfect everyday cigar.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,5 out of 5,Great buy,"Good flavor, even burn without touch ups. Consistent through pack of 20."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,5 out of 5,Great,Great
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,5 out of 5,Bravo CI!,"All I can say is BRAVO CI! I will never pay the price for the original again! Great even burn, great full body and flavor! In all honesty, I think these are better than the original! These are the real deal folks! Again, bravo CI!"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,5 out of 5,Enjoy,"Enjoying smokes while helping my wallet.
Tough times now but still enjoying the smokes."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,4 out of 5,Greg Blake,Good solid 6x60 smoke. Good quality at a bargain price.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,4 out of 5,LA gloria corona Knock off,Good cigar for the price.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,5 out of 5,Best cigar AND best price-pleasantly surprised!,"OMG! The best cigars that I have bought and for this price- it makes it even more amazing! If these were offered as samplers, they would not keep them in stock!"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,5 out of 5,Best cigars for the price.,Best cigars for the price. Can’t be beat. My go to source for quality cigars!!
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,3 out of 5,Daily Smoke,Not bad sticks for everyday smoke after work.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,5 out of 5,Worth much more then the price being asked.,I read all the negative comments before posting and I can honestly say they must not like the taste of a good cigar. I have been ordering these 20 packs for over a year now and I keep coming back. These LGC Knock Offs are an amazing smoking experience in my opinion. I like a bold flavor and this one delivers 100%. I am hooked!!
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,5 out of 5,"Great, tasty cigar",Love these cigars. Have a great flavor to them for a decent price. Will become a go-to for me.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,4 out of 5,Great cigars,Great cigars
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,5 out of 5,Everyday Cigar,"An excellent everyday cigar. Well made, easy draw, and strong."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,5 out of 5,Great value,These cigars have become my every day smoke. I consider them great value for the price.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,4 out of 5,KO,Nice smooth smoke great price
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,3 out of 5,Good deal,Good deal
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,4 out of 5,Knockoffs,"I have purchased these several times....while not a premium cigar, I've had premiums that don't smoke as well as these. Altho you get a ""clunker"" once in awhile, they are for the most part pretty consistent. The burn and draw are much better than some knockoff smokes.
I will buy them again."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,3 out of 5,LA Gloria Knock-Offs,Makes a good smoke if your doing some yard work.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,4 out of 5,Worth the try,A little bite on front end but after that this was an excellent one hour smoke . Even burn and easy draw. It will be good on the golf course.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,5 out of 5,Value,A tasty smoke that meets the stronger profile it has been given. A great value that has a consistent burn and smooth draw.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,5 out of 5,One excellent cigar,"I honestly did not know what to expect when I placed my order. I was pleasantly surprised. Good smoke, good ash. A good way to start the day with coffee or just to unwind with friends."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,5 out of 5,Well done. A great comparable to the real thing.,Even burn and good construction. This stick has some strong flavors and pairs well with a glass of whiskey.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,5 out of 5,CI Knock-Offs,Good cigar. Very similar to La Gloria
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,5 out of 5,Spectacular smoke,"Was very pleasantly surprised to find this smoke to be so good. Nice, slow burn, no canoeing, robust kick. For those who are looking to find a surprise pleasant to the palate. All this and the price? Unbeatable."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,5 out of 5,Outstanding purchase.,Great flavor and ash. Good construction as well as flavor. This stick is a tasty homerun.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,5 out of 5,you wont be disappointed,"heavy body, smokes burns very very well"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,4 out of 5,CI Knock-Offs,It was a medium plus with smooth draw and good finish.Flavors of earth and leather and coffee.Good value and good smoke.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,5 out of 5,Good Value,Awesome for the price. But unfortunately the cigars go downhill after smoking about 15 minutes into them. The first two inches are outstanding. Then its kind of eh.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,3 out of 5,Great,Great
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,5 out of 5,Great cigars!,"Very good cigars, made very well, burn great, taste is amazing. All around good daily smokers. I only had one cigar that was rolled too tight but I was able to fix it! Can’t go wrong with these"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,5 out of 5,Great tasting cigar and a,Great tasting cigar and a great value and would certainly purchase again
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,3 out of 5,OK,"These cigars are good for the price, but they do not compare to the La Gloria as advertised."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar for the price.,Excellent cigar for the price.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,4 out of 5,Nice smoke,Nice smoke
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,5 out of 5,CI KNOCK OFFF,Good for a cheap cigar only problem is they tend to burn uneven and freshness has been an issue at times but still enjoyable
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,5 out of 5,My choice,I always buy these when they are available. I smoke two a day. These a pleasure to smoke and reasonably priced.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,4 out of 5,Good everyday smoke,Burns even and good draw
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,5 out of 5,Best buy for the bucks.,Best cigar for the price. Smoke mine on the golf course. Makes for a great day.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,4 out of 5,"Great Smoke, Reasonable Price","Enjoy the smoke. Good, rich flavor and burns well. Good for the golf course or on the patio."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,5 out of 5,Just as good as the,Just as good as the regular Macanudo. Burns evenly and easy draw.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,4 out of 5,Great little cigar!,These are great everyday cigars for golfing or working around the house.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,4 out of 5,Paul,Good everyday stick. Not a long burn but good to relax with after work with a beer.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,4 out of 5,Nice surprise.,Excellent daily smoke without breaking the bank.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,4 out of 5,They are very good for,They are very good for the price
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,4 out of 5,Macanudo knockoffs,Great smoke.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,5 out of 5,Not Macs But,"You know they are not Macs, but they are close and very easy smoke. Will buy again"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,5 out of 5,mark p,good cigars at the great price nice for an everyday cigar
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,4 out of 5,Most were tobacco packed fine,Most were tobacco packed fine but there were a few soft cigars
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,4 out of 5,Knock-Offs,"Good cigar. A bit pricey considering their ""stuff""."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,4 out of 5,Surprisingly good for the price,Surprisingly good for the price
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,4 out of 5,Good cigar!,Good cigar!
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,4 out of 5,Not too bad!,"For not wishing to spend bigger bucks for the genuine article, these cigars aren't too bad. Will probably order again. Very disappointed in shipment time. I know that most cigar tobacco comes from Central America and the Caribbean, but eight days for shipment two states away? This parcel didn't need to go via banana boat through the Yucatan. You can do better than that."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,4 out of 5,Everyday Champ,"The price made me try it and I am not disappointed! A good everyday smoke even in the morning, especially on the golf course. You can even trade with your friends who smoke other brands. I will buy them again when I'm out."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,5 out of 5,VERY SMOOTH,VERY SMOOTH
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,4 out of 5,Excellent every day smoke,Excellent every day smoke
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,4 out of 5,Nice mild flavor,Nice mild flavor
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,4 out of 5,Not too shabby....,Good cigars! Just found a couple in the pack that must have been rolled to tight.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,5 out of 5,Very good cigars at a,Very good cigars at a very good price.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,5 out of 5,Awesome affordable cigars,I love this cigar. Excellent price n free shipping n smokes great! I will buy more!!!
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,5 out of 5,Better than I expected,"Very pleased with the speed of the delivery and overall flavor of the cigars.
Would buy them again."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,5 out of 5,Love Them,Love Them
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,5 out of 5,Love these cigars. Wish you,Love these cigars. Wish you always had them in stock!
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,4 out of 5,Very good,Can't beat them for the price
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,5 out of 5,great cigar love them,great cigar love them
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,5 out of 5,Great deal,Was very shocked the taste came so close resulting in an incredible value purchase
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,4 out of 5,Tasty daily smoke!,"Good cigar, similar to the MAC without the price!"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,5 out of 5,Good for the money,Really good smoke
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,5 out of 5,Real bargain,Nice smoke. Mild and has a great flavor good buy for the money
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,3 out of 5,They are OK,They are OK
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,5 out of 5,"Good smoke ,","Good smoke ,"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,5 out of 5,Smooth,These are very smooth and enjoyable while sipping some whiskey !
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,5 out of 5,Macanudo KO,Great value!
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,3 out of 5,"Tight draw, good flavor",Great flavor but most of mine had an exceedingly tight draw. Had to work way too hard to keep it going.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"Loved each and every one, so great for the price!"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,5 out of 5,Great cigar for the price,"Great cigar for the price, not always in stock but pretty good deal when available."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,4 out of 5,Nothing Missing Here!,Enjoyed these babies would buy again
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,4 out of 5,CI knockoffs,good cigar to smoke on golf course or sitting in boat on hot day trying to catch your first walleye very mild
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,4 out of 5,About half of my bundles,About half of my bundles seem to be wrapped to tight
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,5 out of 5,"Great cigars, love the knock","Great cigars, love the knock offs"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,5 out of 5,Great,Great
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,5 out of 5,great smoke,really good!
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,5 out of 5,CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo Churchill,"The only difference that I see, is the price, it's a great cigar."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,4 out of 5,Not a bad smoke.,Not a bad smoke.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,4 out of 5,Again nice smoke,"Great construction, lots is smoke, nice flavor obviously in the realm of montecristo just milder"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,4 out of 5,Not bad,Not bad
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,5 out of 5,A little tight at the,A little tight at the torpedo end. Roll it a bit. It delivers a smooth draw
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,5 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,5 out of 5,Great every day,Great every day
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,4 out of 5,A real good cigar,If you can’t afford Montecristo’s the knock off is the next best thing
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,4 out of 5,Great golf cigar,Great everyday smoke. Very popular on the golf course.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,4 out of 5,A bit inconsistent in wrap,A bit inconsistent in wrap and filler but good flavor. Would buy again.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,4 out of 5,A smooth taste,A smooth taste
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,4 out of 5,Great smoke for the price,"I hesitated at first to get these, but I was very surprised how good this was. All the guys in my foursome loved this smoke."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,5 out of 5,My every day cigar,It has been hard to find another cigar for the money that is smooth and mild and burns great every time. The Churchill and Robusto are my every day cigars.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,4 out of 5,A good smoke for the,A good smoke for the money
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,5 out of 5,Great cigar for the price,Great cigar for the price please keep them in stock when you run out it takes months till now come in
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,5 out of 5,Knock Offs --- Knockouts!,"Excellet smoke for the price! Good taste, even burn, solid construction. Positive scale on all counts. Will buy again!"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,4 out of 5,"Good Smoke, Great Value",Very much enjoy this cigar. Very affordable and comparable to the name brand Monte Cristo. A smooth and easy smoke.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,5 out of 5,a great value!,a great value!
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,5 out of 5,CI knock-offs,Since I’m a “rookie” cigar smoker I have not tried Montecristo cigars so I can’t compare the two . I enjoyed smoking the CI knockoff cigars. They burn evenly and had a good taste. I wish I could give a better review but like I said I’m a rookie and have not really had the opportunity to enjoy different cigars.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,4 out of 5,Price should be a few,Price should be a few $ less.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,4 out of 5,knockoffs,Very enjoyable
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,5 out of 5,CI Knock-Offs,"Good every day smoke. Burns even most of the time.
A Mellow Smoke."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,4 out of 5,Good every day cigar !!,Good every day cigar !!
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,5 out of 5,Excellent everyday and golf cigar,"Excellent everyday and golf cigar
Love it!!"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,5 out of 5,They Work for Me,I got what I paid for and will purchase them again.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,4 out of 5,good value,great smoke for the price
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,4 out of 5,My new yard gar,"Retired and on a budget, these are my new yard gar's."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,4 out of 5,Pretty good knockoff,The only problem I have with the Montecristo knockoffs is that some of them have a very hard draw. To be fair many of the cigars I have received from CI have been that way. Still wont stop me from getting my cigars from CI .
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,4 out of 5,Montecristo knockoffs,good quick cigar...will buy again
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,5 out of 5,Great value.,"Good flavor, steady draw, great price."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,4 out of 5,Like em,Like em
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,5 out of 5,Very Nice,"Great cigar, smooth medium body pleasure!"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,5 out of 5,These were great!,Montecristo is one of my favorites and these are so close to the real deal!!
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,5 out of 5,I love them,I love them
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,4 out of 5,Good cigar at the right,Good cigar at the right price.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,4 out of 5,Very Enjoyable,"I liked these lot.
Smooth taste and even burn with long ashes means no cratering. On my 18th one now and none of them has been a hard draw. They ate tasty and consistent. I will definitely order these again."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,5 out of 5,Nice mild flavor,Nice mild flavor
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,3 out of 5,Good daily smoke for the money,"Only a few sticks in- so we'll see. So many great ratings that I was excited to try them. The few that I've had were inconsistent in flavor stick to stick- some leathery, some earthy and flinty, others had a sweet tobacco tinge. As Forest Gump said, ""You never know what you're going to get."" Despite the inconsistency, I enjoyed them all so far. Consistent for this bundle was the color, well made, a bit tight on the draw- but, nice burn ash to band. Perhaps my hopes were a bit higher than they should have been- like watching an 'OK' movie your friends were raving about.
In the end, though, I'm not disappointed so far. Good daily smoke for the money."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,4 out of 5,Nice change,Very nice smoke. I'm partial to full body but these are a nice distraction from the usual. Well built and a good burn. Well worth the money
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,5 out of 5,Knock offs,"A good every day smoke, burns even and is very mellow.
I give it a thumbs up"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,5 out of 5,A Great Alternative,"When you can't afford to smoke those pricey Montecristos everyday, these knock-offs are a great alternative
Great with coffee or whiskey!"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,4 out of 5,CI knock offs,These are long fill and very enjoyable.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,5 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,4 out of 5,Good cigar for the price,Good cigar for the price
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,5 out of 5,last order of knock offs,Very smooth cigar smokes well and burns well.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,4 out of 5,"GREAT ""golf course"" cigar for","GREAT ""golf course"" cigar for the money and for a ""knock off"" it was also very consistent in quality"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,5 out of 5,Love them!,as good as the real thing.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,4 out of 5,Not bad for a Knockoff,"My 2nd purchase at knockoff cigars and found them better than expected. Not as satisfying as my usual 5Vegas, but pretty good second, and cheaper."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,3 out of 5,fair,fair
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,4 out of 5,Great everyday cigar to keep in the humidor.,"Great everyday cigar. Some of them are rolled pretty tight. Still burns, just takes more work."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,5 out of 5,Really GREAT,I look forward to each one. They are mild and flavorful. Just as good as a Montechristo any day.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,4 out of 5,good everyday smoke,"this a very good everyday cigar, very nice draw and smoke."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,5 out of 5,Great smoke for the money.,"Great smoke for the money. Good even burn, solid flavor all the way through. Will definitely buy again."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,5 out of 5,These are great.,These are great.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,4 out of 5,knockoffs,"good smoke, even burn for everyday stick."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,5 out of 5,Smoooooth,Smoooooth
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,5 out of 5,Great every day stick,"Good flavor, burns nice and evenly. Slow burn and no duds after a few re-orders either. Definitely will continue to order and enjoy."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,4 out of 5,One of my favorites,I really enjoy them. I like them better than more expensive brands.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,4 out of 5,Good value for money - smooth,very good value for money. Smooth for an every day smoke. I enjoyed it a lot.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,5 out of 5,Best ever,"Taste is as good or better than the real Partagas keeps a good ash, had one over 2.5 “ before it came off. The smoke time for me lasted over an hour. You can’t beat the price. I share one with friends all the time."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,5 out of 5,More Please!,I want more! Great smoke for this price and almost any other! Disappointed they are almost always on backorder!
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,3 out of 5,Too Tight,"Tight. Too tight to enjoy, other than that ok. Had to skewer them to smoke at all. Not the way for a cigar to be. I will be trying the Churchill, hope it is better. Taste, smoke OK."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,5 out of 5,Good smoke at ok price,Good smoke at ok price
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,4 out of 5,Great value smoke,"Bought these on sale for a buck and a half a stick, I thought I would try them. Pleasantly surprised by the burn and flavor, great smoke for the price. Might have found my go to cigar for everyday smoke."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,3 out of 5,They're a good smoke for,They're a good smoke for the price.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,4 out of 5,Good...,"Smoke one on the day of delivery. The draw was smooth and flavorful. Looking forward to smoke them after a few months in my humidor. If you’ve had authentic Partagas, this smoke is an surprisingly good second."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,5 out of 5,Great Flavor at a Fantastic Price,These were absolutely awesome and a fantastic price. Will but them again if they ever come off backorder. Highly Recommend these.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,5 out of 5,the best for the price,super good. best taste for the price. hard to tell apart from a partagas.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,5 out of 5,Great Partagas knock off🤙🏽,Great daily smoke! If you like Partagas cigars you’ll like these. Nice Toothy wrapper; looks and tastes like Cameroon. Nice draw with a smooth taste that evolves nicely as you start to reach the nub! Highly recommend!
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,5 out of 5,Very enjoyable smoke. Have enjoyed,Very enjoyable smoke. Have enjoyed them on the boat and the beach. Long smoke and stays smooth all the way.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,5 out of 5,My Secret is OUT!,"Love me some Partagas, #2 and Black are my Fav's however these gems are now my go to everyday cigar. Hand'em out to others that enjoy a good cigar as well. They will love them. Corona is a fast burn but works well to squeeze them in on a busy day. Quit buying them so CI won't run out for me to buy. ENJOY!"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,3 out of 5,A good smoke for the,A good smoke for the golf course.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,5 out of 5,yay..........,"nice smoke, don't buy it ..........leaves more for me ! Hah!"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,5 out of 5,CI Knockoffs,Decent smoke
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,5 out of 5,"CI beats JR Cigars in this area, badly!","Ci runs out of these from time to time. One of these times I decided to get some from JR cigars. I have this to say, “STOP RUNNING OUT!” CI has them beat so bad it’s like comparing a BB to an ICBM! These are a really good smoke. They are a fast burn, but if you want a cheaper alternative for an everyday cigar, this is it. Partega makes a good cigar and I won’t cheapen that fact, but this is a great second. Solution? Stock up when they have them, if you like partisans."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Very good cigars for the price
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,4 out of 5,Nice every day smoker and,Nice every day smoker and great to share.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,5 out of 5,Great comparison,"I've been smoking Partagas for years lots of them, these are close in comparison. I like them alot."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,3 out of 5,ok,ok
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,5 out of 5,excellent for the price,excellent for the price
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,5 out of 5,No better deal!,"My absolute favorite everyday smoke....whether I’m fishing, or sitting in my garage these are my go to sticks."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,5 out of 5,good flavor and nice even,good flavor and nice even burn
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,5 out of 5,Awesome smoke for the price!,Great cigar for the days you don’t want to burn your expensive batch.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,3 out of 5,"For the price, not a","For the price, not a bad stick, much more pepper than Partagas"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,5 out of 5,CI knockoff Partagas,Excellent value. Taste at the beginning has a nice solid earthy tobacco flavor. Deeper in there is more of a pepper flavor. Nice draw throughout. Perfect cigar for me myself and I while I listen to some tunes on my deck.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,5 out of 5,Knock offs,A Good all around everyday smoke
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,5 out of 5,Great,Great price and great smoke for what you buy?
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,5 out of 5,CI Knock Offs - Partagas Robusto,"This has become my everyday go to when I have a short time to enjoy a smoke. They smoke well and are just the medium full body I like. I have bought them twice and plan on buying them again.
Did I forget to mention the great price and value?
There, I did."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,5 out of 5,Excellent,I have been smoking cigars for about 45 years. The taste is excellent with no after juce even when I smok down too an inch or less. Great job CI. PS the price is great
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,4 out of 5,Pretty good,They werepretty good but the seaw was little tough on many of them.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,3 out of 5,CI Knockoffs,Good every day cigar. Not bad for the price
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,5 out of 5,Awesome smoke!,Very robust smoking experience.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,5 out of 5,CI knockoffs,They were right they do compare to partigas. I will continue to fill my humidor with them
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,4 out of 5,Partaga knockoffs,Found them to be quite similar to the real thing and will be buying more in the future...
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,5 out of 5,Better than I hoped for.,"Solid construction, firm but not too tight. Good draw, great flavor. Nice wrapper. Not a Partagas but still a very good cigar. Will purchase more of these."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,5 out of 5,Awesome,Great smoke for the price. An everyday winner!!!!!!
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,5 out of 5,CI Partagas knockoff,Arrived on time and fresh
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,5 out of 5,CI knock-offs,Cohiba knock-offs. No knock-offs. They are the real deal. Top shelf. Pinky up my friend. CI does it again. Tip of the hat my friends!😎
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,5 out of 5,"These are really, really good!","Full of flavor! Sorta spicy, strong, kinda earthy.. these are better than a lot of top shelf smokes I get, I can see why these are backordered all the time."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,3 out of 5,"decent smoke, decent value,would buy","decent smoke, decent value,would buy again."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,3 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar. Not very complex. Cheap. May buy again but I doubt it.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,4 out of 5,Great substitute.,Great substitute.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,5 out of 5,Pretty close,"Nothings gonna beat the real thing, but for the price this comes pretty close to the real thing. Well made, smoke good, no construction flaws. Will definitely buy again."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,3 out of 5,Ok,Ok
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,5 out of 5,Almost as good as the real deal,These R & J knockoffs have a great flavor with a wonderful profile. They smoke much better than their price point would indicate.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,5 out of 5,A Mark of Perfection...,"First off, the CI is very well constructed allowing for an even burn, the mark of a fine cigar. As to the smoke itself, quality in every puff, truly 100% enjoyable."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,5 out of 5,"Great smoke, great price.","Great smoke, great price."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,5 out of 5,Perfect,Perfect
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,5 out of 5,Great smokes,"Save money, buy these,! The draw is good and the flavor is good as well. I will not hesitate on purchasing these again."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,5 out of 5,Great cigars,Great cigars
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,4 out of 5,They were good,I very much enjoyed them
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,4 out of 5,I just ordered this one,"I just ordered this one again after smoking 20 of them. They are very consistent, great burn and a reliable every day stick for me!"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,4 out of 5,Great cigars for cheap,These cigars are great for everyday use
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,4 out of 5,Great,"The Knock offs were very good, especially for the price!!"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,5 out of 5,"Ci knock-offs, Romeo’s","The cigar is tasteful, nice burn, they taste just like the real thing! Great everyday work cigar."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,5 out of 5,CI Knock-Offs,"Excellent value, great smoke, nice draw, consistent from start to finish. Close your eyes, lean back and enjoy."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,4 out of 5,While i don't normally smoke,While i don't normally smoke RyJ these are fine daily cigar
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,5 out of 5,excellent,excellent
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,5 out of 5,Great value!,Great value!
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,5 out of 5,Great taste descent draw great,Great taste descent draw great every day cigar for the price
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,4 out of 5,good,Not a bad stick for knockin out outdoor work. Or everyday messing around. Good with coffee soda whatever. Would buy again.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,5 out of 5,Price is right,"I like all of the CI KNOCKOFFS.
decent qualìty & low cost"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,5 out of 5,"Smooth, Mild, Tasty!","Great smoke! Smooth and mild, but full of flavor. Will definitely be getting these again."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,4 out of 5,This was a good smoke.,This was a good smoke.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,5 out of 5,Nice,Great burn taste great
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,4 out of 5,Very good knock-off from CI,"It's not quite the Romeo y Julietta version, it's very close in my opinion. The savings makes up for the minor difference in taste and smoothness. I'll likely buy these again unless I come across something else I like better at a similar price."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,5 out of 5,Good buy,Good knock off of the Romeo y Julieta Bullys.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,5 out of 5,Tasty,Great smoke 90% burn good some not so go but everyday smoke
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,5 out of 5,USEFULWHEN NEED IT,as ecpected very nice smoke i enjoy it
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,5 out of 5,Miller Time,Great for a daily smoke or two. The price is right.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,5 out of 5,GREAT DEAL GREAT CIGAR,A great cigar for a low price.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,3 out of 5,Robusto,"Just ok.....a few good ones, some dry and cracked, some tight to draw. Not my favorites."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,5 out of 5,Ci knockoffs,This has become my favorite cigar!! I love the flavor and aroma. For the price it’s the best deal-it’s my everyday go to cigar even for company
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,3 out of 5,Good golf stick,Good golf stick
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,4 out of 5,Awesome tasting,Awesome tasting
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,5 out of 5,Great smoke for the price.,Great smoke for the price.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,4 out of 5,Knock offs,Great cigar for the price..
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,4 out of 5,They are a cheap smoke but still pretty good,I didn't give 5 stars just because some of them have a terrible draw but they are still a pretty good smoke for the money and I would definitely recommend them to friends.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,4 out of 5,For the price they are,For the price they are not bad.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,4 out of 5,OK,OK
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,4 out of 5,Vi como to Romeo,Pretty good
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,5 out of 5,my favorite,"tried many different ones, always go back to these. price and flavor."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,4 out of 5,"Awesome cigar, awesome experience","This is a great smoke. Smooth, nice undertones and even burn. This is my daily favorite. Recommended!"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,4 out of 5,Fine value,"These gave a good draw, and burned fairly evenly - so that's all to the good! Only drawback is that the ends tended to fragment, leaving one to spit out tobacco crumbs. Still, the smoke is good, the price is good - I'll buy again."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,3 out of 5,Ok cigar,"It's ok, a little harsh smoke but ok"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,4 out of 5,Excellent cigar for the price!,Excellent cigar for the price!
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,4 out of 5,1875 watch out!,Close..very close to the 1875. For the price this is a very good cigar.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,5 out of 5,"Great smoke, Great price","Great smoke, Great price"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,5 out of 5,Love them,I love these cigars. Almost identical to Romeos but for an amazing price. They’re the perfect cigar for me.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,4 out of 5,R&J Bully Knock Offs,OK for the price
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,4 out of 5,Good smokes,"Almost as good as Romeos, much better price."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,4 out of 5,Great cigar for the price.,Great cigar for the price.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,4 out of 5,Appropriate,Great inexpensive smoke
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,3 out of 5,I didn't know that they,I didn't know that they were torpedoes. But the draw was fine
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,5 out of 5,Great daily stick!,Great daily stick!
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,4 out of 5,Not what I was expecting.,I was expecting a longer larger grade cigar but I was not disappointed with the quality. I'll read more carefully in the future.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,5 out of 5,taste great for the value,taste great for the value
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,5 out of 5,One of the besr,"Great cigar, very mild and smooth"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,4 out of 5,"Great everyday, for a low price","Not a bad one yet, smooth, good burn, nice draw!"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,5 out of 5,CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,"Excellent mid cigar. Smooth draw, even burn."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,5 out of 5,"Smooth ""knock-offs!""","VERY HAPPY with these! Smooth, even burning and a great price...will order these again."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,5 out of 5,Can’t beat it for the,Can’t beat it for the price.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,5 out of 5,Good .05 cent cigar,Good inexpensive smoke
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,5 out of 5,Awesome Cigars,Awesome cigars
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,3 out of 5,"Good smoke, decent flavor, sub-standard wrapper","So I continue to buy these cigars, because I often smoke them while driving road trips, and don't mind if I don't get to finish them for the cost. Flavor is usually good, consistent, fairly mild. Holds a good burn, firm solid head without falling all over the place. My only complaint is the wrapper... They're constantly splitting/peeling about 1/3 to 1/2 into the cigar, on more than 3/4 of the pack, on every pack. I just usually put up with it and keep smoking, but sometimes it gets annoying. I know it's not my humidor, because these are the only ones that happens with. I keep my humidor just about 70%, with the temp rarely getting over 75 degrees.
So, in closing, they're a good smoke, and good value, just don't be surprised if you have trouble with the wrappers. I'd buy them again (and will)."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,4 out of 5,Good Cigars for a Great Price,Great value cigars that are not too mild and have a consistent flavor throughout the smoke.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,5 out of 5,White Label knock offs,Really good smoke - I can't tell the difference from the original!
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,4 out of 5,Very good,"Most knock-offs are just OK. After a little while in the box, these were a pleasant surprise. I will buy again."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,5 out of 5,Very nice everyday cigar,A good cigar at the end of the day.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,4 out of 5,CI Knockoffs,"Really enjoyed smooth smoke, great buy for the money!"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,4 out of 5,Smooth Good Burning,For a Knock Off I was impressed with the smooth taste and the burn has been exceptional. Very good for a round off golf or on the lake bass fishing.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,3 out of 5,Knockoff Quality-White Label,"Have had the cigars for over a week and still can't keep them lit. I buy them to smoke them, not re-light again and again. The cigars should be in a smokable condition upon receipt.
Not weeks later when you finally find the right humidity balance. Won't purchase again."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,5 out of 5,Very good cigar,Very good cigar
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,4 out of 5,Knock off White Label,Every bit as good as the Mac Hyde Park
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,3 out of 5,They are good smokes. Nice,"They are good smokes. Nice draw, medium flavor and very good value."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,5 out of 5,Quite nice cigar for the,Quite nice cigar for the price
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,5 out of 5,Great smoke that I don't mind sharing with friends,"Can my friends tell the difference between this cigar and the real thing? Nope. Can I tell? Ehhh, maybe. Am I going to buy more? Absolutely. I'm also going to order some of the other knock offs."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,5 out of 5,Love these!,"Highly recommend these to anyone who like a mellow body, smooth draw light cigar. I have purchase quite a few samplers and tried quite a few cigars in the past year or so and these i will definitely purchase again. Great buy!"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,5 out of 5,Mild,I've smoked these before and found them very gratifying. They are very mild and have a good ash. They are easy to keep lit and have a good taste to the end.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,5 out of 5,Enjoyable smoke,Enjoyable smoke
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,4 out of 5,Smooth Smoke,This knock off seems as though the only thing keeping it from being a 95 cigar is that there is no label on it. Smooth smoke and burns nicely.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,4 out of 5,Good value,"These are pretty good, although I’ve had a few with tough draw. That happens though, and doesn’t feel as bad as your $15 cigar that won’t smoke right! I think I prefer the montecristo knockoffs a bit more. The pyramide shape is great."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,4 out of 5,Good every day cigar,Good every day cigar
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,4 out of 5,Very good.,Very good.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,"Can't beat any of ""CI-Knock offs"" for the $. Great golf course smoke to share with your buddies and not go broke."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,4 out of 5,They were close but not as good,"Still waiting for,,, CI KNOCK-OFFs Thank You"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,5 out of 5,We liked them,The man thought they were very much like the original and had good flavor
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,5 out of 5,Good cigar,"Sometimes buying a knock-off can be a disappointment. Not in this case.
Draws easily and burns evenly. Great smoke, great price! I will buy again."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,5 out of 5,GOOD BUY !!,GOOD BUY !!
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,2 out of 5,"Good construction, but harsh tasting.","Excellent construction and draw. Evenly burn. However, they were more harsh and full bodied than White label. I did not enjoy them. Bad taste."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,5 out of 5,very good cigar,"well made, good value"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,5 out of 5,Smooth!,Smooth!
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,3 out of 5,As good as expected,They were not as good but a good substitute for a good price
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,4 out of 5,Knock-Off Churchill Cigar was well,"Knock-Off Churchill Cigar was well constructed; nice draw; nice tasting wrapper;
Smoke equally as good as quality as White Label Good enjoyable smoke"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,5 out of 5,Excellent,CI knockoffs has been my every day cigar for many years since a buddy's turned me on to them. I like the macanudos the best but the white labels are very good as well.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,5 out of 5,CI White Label Piramide Review,"I have only smoked one cigar and it was great. Based on taste and quality, had I not known, I would have thought it was the real thing. I love the white label cigars and could only smoke one on a special occasion due to the costs. Now I can enjoy them on a regular basis. Thank you CI"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,5 out of 5,Pleasant smoke,Very enjoyable cigars. Good construction. Long leaf. Great value for the price.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,2 out of 5,Not great,I see no similarities with the white label.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,5 out of 5,Brian M.,Very good smoke. I would recommend to anyone.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,3 out of 5,Good Smoke,Good stogie for the $ and excellent daily smoke
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,5 out of 5,Knock-Offs a knockout,"I've liked several of the knockoffs, I think one was a disappointment, but the fairly recent addition of the White Label knockoffs has become my favorite cigar. Was disappointed that the Pyramide style was out of stock last time I ordered, but tried the Toro, and it's every bit as good."
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,4 out of 5,Good Smoke,Good smoke for the Price . AJ always good quality
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Great 💨,Great 💨
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Awesome,Awesome
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,AJ Fernandez Legends,Great Smoke
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"Smooth even draw. Nice taste all the way.
A favorite."
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Legends by AJ Fernandez,"Truely a smokers choice, long lasting draw with notes of slight pepper and leather, draw nito compex lasting joy knowing your truly smoking one of the finest blends from a master. HK"
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,4 out of 5,Good smoking,Good smoking
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,4 out of 5,Legends,Another excellent mid-bodied cigar by AJF
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,4 out of 5,Beezer,"The cigar is pretty good, but not as good as some others. The legend is not a legend for me"
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,3 out of 5,Have them a try,I have smoked the CI Legends from drew estate and love them. I tried these and they were decent towards the middle. For me they started off harsh and ended the same way. But of course this is my opinion.
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,3 out of 5,pretty good,good. couple wrappers seemed pretty thin and came loose on first two. but didn't let set in humidor. better now....
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,2 out of 5,🤷🏽‍♂️,So so smoke
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,As Good As It Gets,"These cigars would measure up to those costing much more with a name brand on the band. A rich, flavorful beautifully constructed cigar well worth the price."
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,4 out of 5,Not a bad smoke. Burns,Not a bad smoke. Burns well and great taste. Like most of AJ Fernandez cigars.
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Great cigars great price,"Speedy delivery
Great cigars great price"
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,4 out of 5,Good smokes!,Good smokes!
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,4 out of 5,AJ does not disappoint,Nice smoke. Will definitely purchase more.
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Good everyday stick.,Good everyday stick.
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,3 out of 5,Not bad,For the price it's great. AJ always makes a nice blend. A more medium body than anything but still smooth till the end
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,CI LEGEND by AJ,Best value on the planet. Anything AJ at this price is money well spent! Won’t be disappointed!!
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,3 out of 5,Not a bad cigar,Good for the golf course
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,2 out of 5,Disappointed,"Exspected with the AJ name on it be have a better quality....
3 out of 5 were hard to draw..."
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,"C I Legends by A,J, Fernandez",I thought it was a Good Cigar and my son and his Buddies love them. I have seen the Legends from about ten other makers names and had planned to try them all. You can save me some time if you tell me is they are all basically the same.
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Great Cigar!,Overall I think this is a great cigar for the price. It had a nice even burn and was an enjoyable cigar out on the golf course.
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Love them!,"My first time out with these CI Legends (Toro)'s from AJ. It was a good smoke and smooth draw.
Solid wrapper, smooth burn and won't break the bank.
I only bought a 5 pack, wish I had bought more!"
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,4 out of 5,Pretty good stick,"What do you expect from AJ other than a good smoking experience? This works as a good budget stick from the man, the myth, and the legend. So the name is fitting."
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,SMOOTH,"I'm not a huge cigar smoker but I do know what a good cigar is and this one falls into the GOOD cigar category. I have yet to have an issue with the way it burns, taste or construction. Can't go wrong"
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,4 out of 5,A solid stick for the price,"Solid wrapper, smooth burn, and won't break the bank. You won't get some of the flavors that AJ is known for but a solid cigar nonetheless."
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,3 out of 5,Not sure on this one,"Usually I'd give anything from AJ a 5 star rating. These unfortunately didn't hit the mark. I had several with draw issues, even after sitting in the humi for a while. One smoked well, the others so far have been 1 note smokes. Not that I am giving up on AJ, I have enjoyed every other stick from his collection. Maybe I just got a bad bundle."
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,CI Legends by AJ FFernandez,I have smoked these beauties before and they are still fantastic!
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,The Legends continue...,"I am a huge fan of the CI Legends line- and histically have a ready supply of Drew Estate in the humidor. AJ’s expression does not disappoint in ANY way and is a great next step for the cigar smoker who loves a more mild experience, and isn’t into a full bodied Maduro stick yet. I started my journey into cigars within the last year, and have thus far stuck with Drew Legend, Man O’ War Virtue, and Acid Blondie- these AJ Legends and a great stick to put into the rotation. Thanks CI for having so many options and reviews to help guide newbies like me!"
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Luv them,Want to tast more of the different types of legend cigar
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,3 out of 5,"Not my flavor, but good","Good burn, good stick, just not my flavor."
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,3 out of 5,Missed the Mark,"I expected a lot out of this cigar after having AJs New World and Hoyo Amistad. The AJ Legend starts off on a positive note with good flavor and burn. However, halfway through when it is supposed to get better, the flavor drops out and its like smoking a hollow leaf. 2 buddies that shared a smoke with me also confirmed the same thing. I think I'll stick with Drew Estate Legend. Disappointed!"
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,4 out of 5,A good everyday smoke.,"I was looking for something to replace Morro Castle, which for some reason AJ discontinued, these are close!"
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,4 out of 5,Good cigar at a good,Good cigar at a good price
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"I only bought a five pack because I had never tried them. I wish I'd bought more, they are a medium body to start and get full bodied towards the end. Perfect construction."
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Very Good Cigar,"Typical AJ Fernandez cigar. Excellent construction, smooth draw, great flavor"
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Can't beat the price vs. quality,Enjoyable
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,3 out of 5,Good cigar,"Good cigar, a little overpriced for taste."
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,4 out of 5,Tasty sticks,Worth the price. Deeeeelicious! Will buy again soon.
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,CI Legends AJ Fernandez.,What can I say. AJ nailed it again with these. AWESOME
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,"Great cigar for the price. One of my favorites. Smooth draw, sharp burn, billowy smoke."
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,3 out of 5,No too bad,Good smoke but lack flavor.
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Great tasting stick,I have tried about five of the legends this by far my favorite for taste and consistency
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Ciaj Fernandez,An excellent Cigar for the money I am very satisfied with that
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Nice!,"Really nice smoke from Drew Estate, highly recommend"
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,drwe,love them
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,drew,love them
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,CI Legends,This is a great mid range cigar and it's mild a hint of sweetness. Great value
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,"Great cigar, slow, smooth burn,","Great cigar, slow, smooth burn, one of my go to cigars from now on"
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Great everyday cigar..love it,Great everyday cigar..love it
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Awesome,Very smooth with just the right flavor!
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,My favorite drew cigar great,My favorite drew cigar great smoke at any time with morning coffee or evening scotch
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,2nd favorite close to the,2nd favorite close to the Cafe Con Ltchee.
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Nice,Nice
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,"Mild and sweet, good quality. Always a pleasure. People often stop to tell me how good it smells, even people who tell me they don’t like the smell of cigars. I offer one to folks and quite a few take them and note the source."
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,New to the Cigar World,"I bought a CI Legends sampler pack, this was the first cigar out of the pack I tried. I have a sweet tooth for desserts, coffee, liquor, and moonshine, so trying this first was a good experience. I didn't look up any of the cigars until after I tried them, this cigar lived up to it's description. I have since had the Black version and it's just as good. If you enjoy a mild, flavorful cigar, this one you should enjoy."
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Smooth smoke,Great cigar for the price. Very good burn and smooth smoke.
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,great deal,"easy draw with a mild flavor for a great price, can't go wrong"
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Tasty Smoke,I'v been buying these for years. Very tasty smoke from start to finish.
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Good mellow smoke with a,Good mellow smoke with a sweet taste. My kids think Im smoking hot chocolate. This is one of my go to stogies.
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,My favorite,The Copper label is my all time favorite.
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,My All Time Favorite!!!,Drew Estates and CI knocked it out of the park with this one!! Will definitely be back for more!!
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Excellent every day cigar,Excellent medium strength hint of sweetness cigar. My new every day go to cigar.
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,"Good, consistent smoke.","Good, consistent smoke."
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,CI Legends,Great cigar. Definitely my go to smoke.
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Excellent cigars! Definitely some of,Excellent cigars! Definitely some of my favorites
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"The Drew Legend is a fine cigar Moderate strength, good taste all the way to the end, smooth draw and compares to several Cubans I've smoked for three times the price!
MP Sullivan"
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Excellent cigars for the price,Excellent cigars for the price you pay for a box
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Loved these,Loved these
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,EXCELENT,My favorite cigar by far
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
CI Legends by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,My all-time favorite!,My all-time favorite!
CI Legends by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,Very good will be ordering,Very good will be ordering again
CI Legends by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,Nice smoke,"Nice smoke, a little pricey but smokes well"
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Mellow Spoke,A very light mellow smoke with a sweet tasting wrapper. A perfect afternoon cigar.
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Drew Estates Does it Again,"I am a loyal Drew Estates fan since I had my first Acid Cigar many years ago. The CI Legends cigar continues in that tradition of a flavorful, smooth, outstanding smoke. A good 45 minutes from beginning to end. Sweet wrapper, fantastic aroma and a great taste. What more can you ask for ??"
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Good Smoke,fairly inexpensive good flavor
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Fantastic break from the norm...,"Lives up to the hype and has such a wonderful aroma and huge volumes of white floating smoke, burn was consistent and the draw was smooth throughout the length with just enough resistance. Wanna mix things up occasionally? Then Try these."
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Awesome stick,I love the flavor and hint of sweet. Everyone I share with has since bought them also. Great smoke
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,One of the better cigars,One of the better cigars I've had. Great on my deck at night with drink
CI Legends by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,Nice,"I've enjoyed these a lot, mild and not overly flavored, although unlit smell is German chocolate cake. The black version has not fared as well; poorly constructed and wrapped too tight for much draw at all."
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Infused CI classic. Great value.,Infused CI classic. Great value.
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Great as always,Great as always
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Legends,Great cigar for the price. Smokes similar to Drew Estate’s Acid Blue series but cost half the price. Definitely recommend if you are a fan of any Drew Estate cigars
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,True legacy,Very mild And excellent taste it’s a great cigar. I hope they go on sale again.
CI Legends by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,Great construction and taste,Great construction and taste
CI Legends by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,Solid stick,"Well made cigar that smokes beautifully, but you need to be prepared for its sweet, sugar-dipped wrapper. Startling at first, but a nice change of pace."
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,CI Legend review,"Nice smoke, smooth, with a great sweet taste all the way to the end."
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Love them,Great cigar
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Excellent taste and value,Excellent taste and value
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Burns good,Burns good
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Just a great medium cigar,Just a great medium cigar that always burns well
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Legends,Both the legends and legends black are great cigars
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Awesome Cigars,"Really awesome cigars that are smooth and pleasant to smoke. The Legends, have become my EDS. I highly recommend The Legends, to anyone who enjoys an unconventional, infused type of cigar. Smoke hardily my friends...Be Eazy...One!"
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,4 out of 5,Great sticks for the value!,Great sticks for the value!
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,5 out of 5,Good stick!,CI/Drew Estate with another good collaboration. Great addition to the Legends group. Smooth smoke. Highly recommend.
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,5 out of 5,This is my new favorite,This is my new favorite cigar by Drew Estate!
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,5 out of 5,Awesome Cigar,Found this to be my favorite coffee cigar yet and I’ve been smoking cigars for about 15 years. Kind of a cross between Kuba Kuba acid and a Big Juicy natural from Drew Estate. For me the best of both flavors comes through in this new cigar!!! Loved it enough to bye a box the following week to make sure I have them on hand.
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,4 out of 5,Very nice smoke with lots,Very nice smoke with lots of flavor
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,4 out of 5,Nice cigar. Would buy again.,Nice cigar. Would buy again.
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,5 out of 5,Nice touch of sweetness yet,Nice touch of sweetness yet stands up to a glass of WhistlePig nicely
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,4 out of 5,Would buy for beginners that like dark sticks,"Good for what it is
Deep rich infused cigar
Nice packaging
Slow burn
Not the best wrapper construction
Great smells and taste though
Warning, tip is sweet."
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,4 out of 5,Good slow burn and very,Good slow burn and very smooth
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,4 out of 5,"Nice cigar, a little on","Nice cigar, a little on the sweet side but wanted to try it"
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,5 out of 5,"Excellent smoke, will purchase again","Excellent smoke, will purchase again"
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,4 out of 5,Bang for the buck,"This a fairly smooth cigar. Good smoke output, but very mild flavor. Good construction with an even burn. It has a sweetened tip that is pleasant every once an awhile. Definitely not an every day smoke."
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,5 out of 5,"Great tasting cigar, great price!","Great tasting cigar, great price!"
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,5 out of 5,Provided a mellow summer treat.,Provided a mellow summer treat.
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,5 out of 5,Smooth infused cigar. Delicious from,Smooth infused cigar. Delicious from begiining to finish.
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,5 out of 5,Love them,Love them
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,5 out of 5,MDC,Sweet taste. Robust with a good draw
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,5 out of 5,Awesome,"I don't always go for infused cigars, but if you are in the mood for something really different, if you need a shakeup in your stable of cigars, this will punch that ticket. Well made, high quality, even burn, a very unusual but interesting smoke."
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,5 out of 5,Great,Great
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,4 out of 5,That was unexpected!,"As a copper label Legends fan, I was looking forward to a darker, richer version of the copper label. Well it's not anywhere close to the flavor profile, it has the smell and taste very much like the ACID Kuba Kuba Maduro. This is not a bad thing if you're a fan, I was just expecting something more along the line of the original. Still, the construction was great, fantastic smoke output and long burn time, and all in all a good smoke. CIs shipping and packaging is top notch as always and I received my order just days later."
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,5 out of 5,Legends black,Great cigar
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,4 out of 5,This is a awesome cigar...,This is a awesome cigar...
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,4 out of 5,Vernon,"Great smoke, good flavor. I shared with my friends at our thirsty Thursday smoke and all said they enjoyed the cigar. We all had to relight a few times but no big deal.
The packaging is a little tough to get into, but their definitely sealed. I will buy again."
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,5 out of 5,"a smooth smoking cigar, goes","a smooth smoking cigar, goes great with a glass of brandy"
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,4 out of 5,Love them,Love them
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,5 out of 5,liked,easy draw with a mild flavor
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,5 out of 5,Best infused cigar I’ve had.,I’m always in the mood for this one.
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,5 out of 5,Taste Great,"Great flavor, smooth draw, nice and enjoyable cigar."
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,5 out of 5,Been a fan of drew,Been a fan of drew estate legends for years and this black label takes a classic and raises it to another level
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,4 out of 5,Smooth & Flavorable,"Infused flavor is not overpowering, draws well till about have smoked, then becomes difficult to keep lit and draw become difficult. This said I enjoyed the overall experience."
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,5 out of 5,This cigar is truly a,"This cigar is truly a “sweet” surprise. From a much longer smooth burn than expected, to a savory taste and smell which those I have shared with described as a unique. This cigar is worth trying. A great cigar, smooth, long burning and no after taste. A Drew Estate Star. P.S., women love this also!"
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,5 out of 5,Flavored,Love the lions dale shape. Churchill length but not so thick. Flavor as good as Irish Hops.
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,5 out of 5,Great flavor and great smoke.,Great flavor and great smoke.
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,4 out of 5,Great Regular Smoke,Great dark cigar with a full body and good flavoring. I did feel it drew nicely but the last 1/3 it struggled a little to stay lit nicely.
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,5 out of 5,Fantastic,One of the best ever smoked
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,4 out of 5,Good smoke,I really enjoyed this flavorful cigar. It was nice from start to finish. I only wish it came in a Corona or Torpedo size.
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,4 out of 5,Nice flavor,Nice flavor
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,5 out of 5,Drew Estate Black,Great stick ! Nice draw .. nice aroma . Not harsh on the palate at all . Rich and deep flavored like described
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,5 out of 5,Good for the price,Nice burn good taste not to sweet
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,4 out of 5,Tasty smoke,I like the flavor of these but the outer wrapper is poorly constructed on 2-5 sticks in every 5 pack I buy.
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,5 out of 5,A very good an smooth,A very good an smooth smoke
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,4 out of 5,Tasty and smooth,Tasty and smooth
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,5 out of 5,My New Favorite Cigar!,The best new cigar out there!!!!
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,4 out of 5,Tasty and light,Drew Estate has done it again!!!
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,4 out of 5,Legends Black,"Nice mild smoke with lots of flavor.
Burns well for the most part. Sometimes it’s difficult to keep it lit when you are down to the last quarter of the Cigar.
Don’t like that every time I order a box I 4 each 5-paks in cellophane Wrapping"
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,5 out of 5,Good Stick,Don’t smoke a lot of flavored cigars but this one is just right!
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,4 out of 5,nice,tasty
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,4 out of 5,👍,👍
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,4 out of 5,Sour then Sweet,I was so excited to get this I pulled one out of the pack and smoked it right away. To be honest I was somewhat disappointed. It’s very flowery and almost spicy. As I met them sit in my humidor at 73%...The cigar became very smooth and I actually like it a lot. The size throws me off a bit as it is very small in my hands but actually a really good cigar. Just make sure you bring the moisture up and it’s a winner.
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,"First got these as a free shipping item, and reordered more later on"
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,Great cigars. Great service. Great,Great cigars. Great service. Great deals.
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,4 out of 5,Carrillo experience,"A nice middle of the EP Carrillo cigar flavor. Not great , but really good. A nice after dinner smoke."
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,legends,satisfying
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,4 out of 5,Nice tasting Cigar,Nice tasting Cigar
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,4 out of 5,Great value everyday stick.,"Pretty good stick, had some uneven burn around the middle of the smoke but easily touched up. I paired this with a peppery spicy Bloody Mary and it was a great compliment to the beverage. This will be a “top shelf” humidor stick that is a sharer; I keep my more expensive sticks on the bottom."
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,My favorite,The best cigar for my taste.
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,4 out of 5,Carrillo ‘Legends’ Cigar,"Good smoke, though not tightly rolled for me!"
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,4 out of 5,legends,legends
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,4 out of 5,Very nice but not as,"Very nice but not as good as
Drew Estates"
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,Excellent Service Superior Smokes,Thank you for your turn around and delivery time. Your selection is superior and bets any smoke shop in the country.
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,Satisfied Customer,Cigars we're received on time and in good condition!
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,Wish I would have bought more,"Bought these to test them out, ended up being my favorite. I’m not the only one I guess, cuz wouldn’t you know, they are now on backorder. Should’ve bought more. Let me know when they come back in."
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,3 out of 5,Cigars,Only have smoked two first one was good second one not so good burned hot lousy draw could not finish the whole cigar hoping for better results
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,Great Customer Service,"The postal service delivered the package to the wrong house and they never got here, so I explained the situation to customer service and they sent a new package very quickly."
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,4 out of 5,Mild to Medium,I have bought these a few times and construction has been perfect but flavor has varied from batch to batch. They are a decent cigar that starts off mild and hits a nice medium body by the end. Not super complex cigar but not a one note cigar either.
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,Top 3,"I ordered all 9 of the CI Legends cigars to compare them all and the ones by Carrillo were in the top 2 maybe top 3 at worst. Truly nice. Way better than the AJs, Perdomo, and Olivas...crazy huh? Well try them for yourself."
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,1 out of 5,Ones and never againe,"the worst Cigar I ever try to smoke, all stems and no leaves,try to light over 10 times with out luck, I send them to the Wastebasket, not worth a cent,waste of money ,not even ONE*."
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,4 out of 5,CI Legends EP Carillo,Mild smoke that is perfectly constructed. Nice draw and smoke from beginning to end. Picks up a little towards the end but profile stays the same for the most part.
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,decent,decent
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,my favored Cigar,I love my my Cigar with some freshly Ground and brewed Coffee and some fine french Brandy.
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,ci legends ep carrillo,Got these from my wife along with other cigars not a bad cigar to much on mild side for my taste
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,4 out of 5,Good construction,"Fairly well made, but the aroma is not good...kinda stinks. They smoke well other than that, but I would not buy again."
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,Great product,Great
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Excellent draw and flavor. Good value.
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,All Ways A Good Buy,I have yet to be disappointed with any order I've made with CI
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,Great smoke for the price,"I bought these on the MMAO page on the cheap. If I could continue to get these at that price, I would. Good burn, good flavor, mellow, good every day smoke. Consistant."
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,Jeff T,"Easy draw, mellow, no harshness. A good smoke."
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,E P Carrillo,"Whe you're 80, you like mellow-this one delivers! Like several of your other, but this is my go to!!😀😀"
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,4 out of 5,Good deal for the price,"While the pricing makes this a very good deal, I have found these smokes to be inconsistent. One can be smooth and the next one harsh. They are perfect for buddies who are always hitting you up for a cigar on the golf course."
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,E.P. Carrillo,great cigar
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Really liked this one nice smooth draw every stick awesome flavor highly recommend.
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,4 out of 5,CI Legends - E.P. Carrillo,"There's not much I don't like from EPC, and these are no exception. Very consistent in draw and flavor - they fit nicely in the Med to M/F scale."
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,AUTHENTIC!,Not just another knock-off imitation. Great Carillo taste at a price that can’t be beat. Recommended.
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,1 out of 5,Wont buy this lot again,Terrible construction. It was as if the roller used wet tobaccos that wouldn't burn evenly. The whole box. Good flavors as you would expect. But the canoeing made it an unpleasant experience.
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,A Fine Stogie,"Five-stars across the board!
Tight wrap, clean cut, great draw, even burn and flavor to match all of the above. Not too spicy, nor mellow, I found this cigar to be a perfect cap to my week. The full flavor of fresh tobacco leaf is set dancing on your pallet by the perfect blend of crisp spice notes; toasted nut, red and black pepper corn, and a hint of hazelnut.
Pairs extremely well with 'Bowmore' Small Batch Islay.
I highly recommend picking up a set of these beauties to share with close friends and family."
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,2 out of 5,"Review for CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,","Disappointed. Harsh taste for the first 1 inch of the smoke, then mellowed out. No identifiable flavor / taste. Long unpleasant after taste. Not close to the Drew estates Legends cigar. Gave a few away to some of my golfing friends with a explanation. Will NOT buy this cigar again."
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Goes great with a martini
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,E.P. Carrillo CI Legends,Well constructed with easy draw. Tasty medium strength cigar.
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,Carrillo Legends,Great cigar at a great price. My new favorite in the Legends Series.
CI Legends by Graycliff,3 out of 5,Too Sweet,Too sweet for me
CI Legends by Graycliff,5 out of 5,Graycliff CI Legends,Excellent. As well-made and tasty as their higher priced offerings.
CI Legends by Graycliff,2 out of 5,Not worth the money,"Despite the quality cigar companies making these cigars they are poorly constructed and do not burn well.
Will not buy again."
CI Legends by Graycliff,3 out of 5,Good for the money,The flavor is nice but the burn is quick and the construction is lacking. But that's why they are cheaper
CI Legends by Graycliff,4 out of 5,Graycliff,"A good stogie but I prefer the ""Copper Labels"". Please restock them soon!"
CI Legends by Graycliff,4 out of 5,Similar to the 30 year aged but half the price.,"Full of flavor in the Graycliff manner. Little to no black pepper and dark earth, tobacco and cocoa flavors. Nice finish but not too long. Smooth and has nice smoke. Like this cigar a lot."
CI Legends by La Aurora,5 out of 5,Beyond phenomenal!!,"These cigars are some of the best I've ever had. They are smooth, delicious and just the right strength. I look forward to another sale to get them again!"
CI Legends by La Aurora,5 out of 5,Lot of smoke and burned,Lot of smoke and burned well
CI Legends by La Aurora,5 out of 5,"Have ordered them before, nice","Have ordered them before, nice smoke even burn no worries!"
CI Legends by La Aurora,4 out of 5,Better than average,"Burns well, holds up well to chewing, taste is inconsistent (mild or medium in taste) but still good for an everyday cigar. I would like their flavor to be more consistent."
CI Legends by La Aurora,5 out of 5,Good cigar,"Always looking for a well built, good cigar that is less expensive than the brand names. This cigar definitely fits the bill. I have been ordering this line of CI Legends for years"
CI Legends by La Aurora,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
CI Legends by La Aurora,5 out of 5,Very fine cigar----,Very fine cigar----
CI Legends by La Aurora,5 out of 5,Just a awesome cigar. I cannot find anything bad about it.,"Awesome cigar with impecable construction and flavor. Smooth medium body and sweet notes throughout. I rank this up with Partagas Black Label, Cain of any kind and La Aurora Untamed minus the pepper."
CI Legends by La Aurora,5 out of 5,Legends Rule,Tried smoking another disappointment from rocky pater tonight before tossing most of it in the fire before smoking this A+ cigar. Wow what a bargain for half the price!!
CI Legends by La Aurora,5 out of 5,Was awesome thank you,Was awesome thank you
CI Legends by La Aurora,4 out of 5,Decent tasting cigar,Liked the flavor. But loosely rolled and burned too quick. But worth a try and the money.
CI Legends by Oliva,4 out of 5,fine smoke,just what I expected from Oliva
CI Legends by Oliva,5 out of 5,Gift,He loves them. Currently his go to favorite
CI Legends by Oliva,2 out of 5,Disappointed,"So I love Oliva cigars. I have several in my humidor right now. I wanted to check this out to see if they were comparable to “O” series. The flavor was not bad, but the draw was terrible. I was like trying to drink a fresh thick milk shake through straw......like impossible. Then about 10min into the smoke the wrapping starts to flake off. This is not the normal craftsmanship I’d expect from an Oliva brand cigar. I also purchased the Drew Estate Legends cigar. They were much better. It tastes just like a fresh ACID. Smooth and sweet. I was really hoping for something more from the Oliva CI Legends. I would not recommend this product. If you want an Oliva cigar just buy from there normal selection of “o” “g” “v” series or mast blend."
CI Legends by Oliva,3 out of 5,"Good middle of the road, a bit pricey","I lucked out and picked up a box of these on MMAO. Solid cigar, med-full body, good burn (it did tunnel once or twice, but I think that was more my fault than the construction). All in all, I think if I had to pay full price for these sticks, I would opt out, on sale (a sizable sale as MSRP is $160), I'd consider it again."
CI Legends by Oliva,1 out of 5,The Opposite of Legendary,"Thought I had gotten a real bargain to try out two 5-packs on Cigarbid. I didn't know Oliva could make a cigar that tastes this bad. Construction and burn are fine, but the taste is terrible. I've had them resting in my humidor for several weeks, with no improvement. There needs to be better quality control. The cigars I received are not worthy of the name ""Legend."" These are not even worthy of smoking as yard 'gars."
CI Legends by Oliva,5 out of 5,Typical of the Oliva brand;,Typical of the Oliva brand; a great cigar
CI Legends by Oliva,4 out of 5,Smooth - Tasty,Smooth - Tasty
CI Legends by Oliva,5 out of 5,The Best,Excellent cigar. Smooth and easy to smoke.
CI Legends by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,This cigar is one of my favorites as of now. I have introduced this to many of my friends. Big hit!!
CI Legends by Oliva,4 out of 5,Typical Oliva - flavorful and good quality,"Probably my favorite smoke of the Legend series. With a flavor that is typical of Olivas, great burn and construction, and a great size, I enjoy these smokes very much. Quality cigar, at a reasonable price. Thanks, CI, for creating the Legend series."
CI Legends by Oliva,5 out of 5,Ci legend oliva,This a very smooth stick great tasting. As a full body smoker I enjoy smoking this cigar. Would highly recommend.
CI Legends by Oliva,5 out of 5,One of my go-to cigars,"Excellent Oliva product. The burn is even, the draw is easy and the cigar has a nice medium body. Great for the golf course!"
CI Legends by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great smoke...,"You see it ALL the time...."" Brand X"" at a huge discount!!! You buy that fantastic ""Too good to be true"" deal, only to find out it WAS INDEED ""Too good to be true""...............
Well... Fear not! This time it IS TRUE! I bought the Oliva legend and it is a TRUE PREIMIUM Olivia at a GREAT discount. So great in fact that you can afford to keep your humidor stuffed with the baby's!!! Great full body, smooth smoke. Buy a box............ You'll buy another........"
CI Legends by Oliva,4 out of 5,A good cheapie.,A good cheapie.
CI Legends by Oliva,5 out of 5,oliva legend truly is!,"The finest cigar i have ever smoked and i've loved cigars for over 46 years! Smooth, strong flavor with meticulous, attention toquality thru and thru. A true masterpiece of a cigar"
CI Legends by Oliva,4 out of 5,A good buy.,"If you want a good medium to full bodied cigar with a traditional Nicaraguan profile, this fits the bill."
CI Legends by Oliva,4 out of 5,Great golf course cigar,"Nice draw, even burn. Good price will definitely buy again."
CI Legends by Oliva,4 out of 5,By Oliva,"My favorite of the CI Legends line….tips are a little soft on some, but overall it’s a very enjoyable smoke."
CI Legends by Oliva,3 out of 5,CI Legends Oliva,I bought a 5 pack to test the water and was disappointed. 2 were hard draws even after poking 1 kept going out the other 2 were great. I would have expected better from oliva it's a shame because they have a great taste. Try a 5 pack first. The other CI Legends I have smoked I had no issues with.
CI Legends by Oliva,3 out of 5,Great burn and construction.,"Good construction, excellent burn. Had an awful bitter spot after the last half, then it went away at the last third. Not the most complex cigar, but worth the price if that bitter spot didn't show up. A good smoke to have on hand to pass out to your buddies who aren't regular cigar smokers at a football game or such."
CI Legends by Oliva,5 out of 5,C.I. Legends Olive,"very good cigar for the money, I will buy again"
CI Legends by Oliva,5 out of 5,Woa...,"Top notch construction , great,even draw and burn....
Well worth it ,3x over..."
CI Legends by Oliva,5 out of 5,Phils review,Very good cigar. Great value. Would buy them again
CI Legends by Oliva,4 out of 5,Neal Poway Ca,Good cigar great for working around in the yard or on the Golf course. even burn smooth from start to finish. Coffee and peppery
CI Legends by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great Flavor and Taste for a reasonable price.,"Love Oliva's to begin with. This blend is as good or better than their regular brand. Keep up the great work, C.I.!"
CI Legends by Oliva,4 out of 5,macna333,Good value
CI Legends by Oliva,4 out of 5,Oliva Legends are great!,"I pick up a pack of these every year if I see them. As always with Oliva, each stick is consistent from the first smooth draw. The flavor likewise remains good down to the last inch. They are not overly expensive, but they are premium quality for sure."
CI Legends by Oliva,4 out of 5,CI Legends Purchase,I originally wanted to order the Perdomo Legend but it was out of stock. I was very pleased with the Oliva Toro.
CI Legends by Oliva,5 out of 5,CI Legends Oliva Toro,"A solid everyday smoke, excellent taste, burn and value"
CI Legends by Oliva,3 out of 5,Just ok,Price is good but you get what you pay for.Not much flavor just ok
CI Legends by Oliva,5 out of 5,CI Legends by Oliva Toro,"Nice mix of wrappers makes this an excellent value. Cigars were well made, and no lemons in the bunch. Mine are already gone!"
CI Legends by Pepin,5 out of 5,nice,great smoak mild to medium little spice good stick
CI Legends by Pepin,4 out of 5,CI Peppin,Great smoke at a great price
CI Legends by Pepin,4 out of 5,Legends by Pepin,Nice smoke! never had a bad Pepin cigar!
CI Legends by Pepin,3 out of 5,"good smoke, good price","good smoke, good price"
CI Legends by Pepin,5 out of 5,"Very solid smoke, has the","Very solid smoke, has the body and flavor of the traditional Pepin, great price makes it a great value"
CI Legends by Perdomo,5 out of 5,Great smoke👍🏻,Great smoke👍🏻
CI Legends by Perdomo,5 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth smoke and great taste. Draw was nice and an even burn.
CI Legends by Perdomo,4 out of 5,Good I buy again,Good I buy again
CI Legends by Perdomo,5 out of 5,"great taste, burns really good","great taste, burns really good"
CI Legends by Perdomo,2 out of 5,meh,"Perdomo makes some great cigars....however, this is not one of them. The draw was a bit tight, the wrappers split, and they didn't produce much smoke...
Perhaps I got a bad 5pack, but I would not buy them again."
CI Legends by Rocky Patel,4 out of 5,Had a good smoke smell,Had a good smoke smell mild would get some more trying to get all flavors of the legends.
CI Legends by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,a great medium body cigar,a great medium body cigar
CI Legends by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,One of the BEST! With a Great Price for a top end Cigar.,"I love almost every cigar Rocky Patel‘s cigars. The Edge, and all of the different wrappers they have are like smoking a slightly different cigar each time and everyone of them is a home run. I also enjoy the CI legends by Rocky Patel. It it is not as full flavor, but, is perfect right after supper. It also has a better price point then other premium cigars."
CI Legends by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,Good Smoke,Really good smoke
CI Legends by Rocky Patel,3 out of 5,Not as creamy or nutty,Not as creamy or nutty as described but not bad for the price
CI Legends by Rocky Patel,4 out of 5,They ok,They ok
CI Legends by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,Rocky Patel,Rocky never disappoints.
CI Legends by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,Just another great smoke from Rocky,I don’t like writing reviews but will just say my humidor holds 1500 cigars and half of those cigars are from Patel what else is there to say.😊
CI Legends by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,Favorite Rocky!,Set aside an hour to smoke this perfect medium/ full bodied stogie!
CI Legends by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,Great cigar.,"Good solid cigar, burns great , no canoeing. What more can u ask for , for the price."
CI Legends by Rocky Patel,3 out of 5,7/10,"Inconsistent burns , not much flavor."
CI Legends by Rocky Patel,4 out of 5,Very nice. Fairly mild with,Very nice. Fairly mild with a good taste throughout.
CI Legends by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,RP standard,"Perfect after dinner, great to share with friends, or just bring it for a little treat for any occasion."
CI Legends by Rocky Patel,4 out of 5,Legends by Rocky Patel,Really good smoke for the price.
CI Legends by Rocky Patel,4 out of 5,You had me by first smoke! Your go to for taste and quality with out breaking the budget Excellent CI,"Picked up two of these gems while at the local humidor this evening.
First time i have tried a Ci Legend. I am very pleased with the weight the feel the construction quality of blend and wrapper. I love dark and maduro cigars.
I have never found a Cigar that Rocky Patel puts out that i did not like.
i love them all several more than others.
Rocky blend is my go to cigar we seem to have the same taste going on.
for the quality taste and price for this beauty fantastic! who would not pay a few dollars or more to try it. just to see the name alone ought to get your attention and your mouth salivating eagerly awaiting to smoke it asap..
i will be ordering by the box keeping my humidor stocked with this fine line of quality and affordable cigars
as i mentioned when i saw the name and smelled the foot of this beauty in the humidor i knew it was going to be good.
The cigar burns even slow with a nice draw roll it around in your mouth and slowly out your nose and you will be wondering where have i been how did i miss these beauties!
very aromatic tight white ash by the way i have smoked it half way down and still has not flaked or fallen off
i even tried to ash it with care and it stayed put.
one heck of a cigar.
i believe this blend Ci has will be a big competitor for many of the blends Rocky makes
i enjoy more than most name brands
i tend to stock and smoke.
hello beautiful its a wonder smoking time.
hints of cedar smooth creamy nutty with a light pepper hint not much very mild to medium. leaves a wonderful after taste a good hour and half smoke
Take the time to get you a box there priced great and you will NOT be disappointed especially all you Rocky lovers out there you already know what i'm talking about.
for the ones just stepping into the Rocky line you wont be disappointed
i have been smoking Rocky Cigars for years and a customer here as well.
Thank YOU CI"
CI Legends by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,Good smoke ....,"Good smoke - good price. Or should I say terrible smoke - don't buy, so that they do not sale out. I'll order again."
CI Legends by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,Wonderful,It came nicely packaged. Excellent burn.... as soon as I tried one I wanted to buy another box...
CI Legends by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,Rocky Does it Again,A nice sweet flavor with a tint of spice. Slow and even burning from lighting to complete. Even the people sitting near me in the park asked what it was!
CI Legends by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
CI Legends by Rocky Patel,4 out of 5,CI Legends by Rocky Patel,Awesome cigar. Great taste and burn. Love it
CI Legends by Rocky Patel,4 out of 5,Good Cigar,"Love Rocky Patels, this one was a little strong for my taste but all in all a good cigar."
CI Legends by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,Never disappoints.,A great way to enjoy another great creation from Rocky Patel.
CI Legends by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,Awesome sticks!,"Really enjoyed these beauties. Even burn,smooth draw,and very good on the palate. Good smoke for when you need to unwind from your day"
CI Legends by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,Smooth & plenty of nuance,"I'm a fan of most of Rocky Patel's blends: a wonderful mix of flavors, with enough body to satisfy. The CI Legends is no exception. Plenty of aromatic smoke, good tobacco strength without it overpowering, the woodsy, earthy, nutty tones evident throughout. I found myself sad when I finished it--any chance of Rocky producing a Churchill version of this blend?"
CI Legends by Rocky Patel,4 out of 5,CI Legends Rocky Patel (You cannot go wrong),"This is the second time I have purchased the CI Legends Rocky Patel cigars. I like Rocky Patel's overall. I have found the CI Legend brand an excellent way to get a very high quality brand name cigar at a affordable price. The taste if this cigar is very good, to me it is a Medium to full flavored cigar but does lean more to medium. It has a great taste and no poor after taste that you sometimes get in less expnsive cigars, which means both the filler and more important the wrapper is of high quality."
CI Legends by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,awesome,love the cigar rich smoke great flavors
CI Legends by Rocky Patel,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Really good smoke but wish they came in other sizes.
CI Legends by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,Great bargaingm,Great smoke
CI Legends by Rocky Patel,3 out of 5,GOOD BUT NOT GREAT,"I guess for the price I cannot expect too much. On average,they taste good,some were ""hollow"" rolled, and some would not burn evenly. Greatest % were just fine.Rocky is still my favorite smoke."
CI Legends by Rocky Patel,2 out of 5,Last order,"cigars were very dry,wrappers pealing and stronger than I expected"
CI Legends by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,Exceeds Expectations!,Rocky Patel's are hard to beat. Great value!
CI Legends by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,Tipical Rocky Patel.,"I received my CI Legends Rocky Patel order to find once again the great characteristics associated with the Patel brand. Great construction, good burn and draw, I think the burn and draw are usually a good indication of quality tobacco and very well trained and experience rollers. They are a solid medium strength, and combined very well with the coffee I was drinking and dark chocolate I was eating at the same time. I certainly look forward to the same combination and would recommend anyone else to try it and see what they think."
CI Legends by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,My last order.,Got some good deals on good cigars and I am enjoying them regularly.
CLE Chele,5 out of 5,MY NEW FAVORITE,"My New Favorite!
This cigar is well made, draws great, and is box-pressed! From first draw to last puff, this cigar proved to be a WINNER!!
For a Connecticut cigar to have so much flavor is just perfect. You will be impressed!"
CLE Chele,5 out of 5,My new go-to!,"Great all around smoke, a new regular in my humidor for sure. And the prieto has the same filler with a different wrap if you feel like something a little less mild."
CLE Chele,5 out of 5,Move over scent of a woman,"Everything about their cigars is a work of scintillating art. I'd buy these just to smell the wrappers. Great draw, ash, consistent. A to Z topps. Smells old world and really allows the smoker to enjoy it versus working to smoke it which for me is everything."
CLE Chele,5 out of 5,Awesome,"Smooth,great draw,flawless construction.This cigar can be smoked anytime of day."
CLE Chele,4 out of 5,Eiroa does it again!,Great cigar. Medium with nice earthy tones.
CLE Chele,5 out of 5,Good golf course mild,Good golf course mild
CLE Connecticut,5 out of 5,GREAT SMOKE,"Interesting smooth flavorful cigar. Mild AND tasty. Superb construction provides a perfect ash. Also, on relighting it’s almost as good as first lightning."
CLE Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
CLE Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great cigar I have tried,Great cigar I have tried most of cle and they all have a great flavor.
CLE Connecticut,2 out of 5,No,"Not a fan, prefer romeos"
CLE Connecticut,3 out of 5,cle,not too impressed with the cigar. just did not get what i expected.
CLE Connecticut,5 out of 5,CLE Connecticut,"Great smoking cigar with lots of flavor and smooth bellowing smoke, a great buy for a great cigar."
CLE Connecticut,4 out of 5,Smooth smoking cigar,Smooth smoking cigar
CLE Corojo,4 out of 5,CLE Corojo,Good draw with a medium-strong strenght and a smooth taste.
CLE Prieto,5 out of 5,my new #1!,"My new #, this will have a permanent place in my humidor from now on.
Great quality build and taste. This will soon be a staple for cigar enthusiasts everywhere."
CLE Prieto,4 out of 5,Solid purchase,"This cigar looked perfect so I had to snag a box. The Look of it is attractive. The feel of it seemed fresh. I put it in my humidor for a day at 68 degrees and lot it up the next day. At first I was a little worried because I noticed a (very small) gap in the filler. One I was puffing on it for a couple minutes, all my worries went away and the rest of the stick was great."
CLE Prieto,3 out of 5,Excellent.,"I had a Padron serie 1926 this morning before I settled down to do my taxes and had a CLE Prieto when I was done (8 hours later) to celebrate my tax refund. I must say that the CLE Prieto was every bit as good as the Padron (perhaps better), but half the price. I highly recommend these. I'm gonna get more of these. Good draw and burn, buttery, smooth, with coffee and warm ginger bread on the nose."
CLE Prieto,5 out of 5,Just a man with a cigar,"Wow, I'm very impressed with my first try of this really nice cigar. The cigar cave in Medford Oregon Matthew and Jesse have been very good at describing cigars, how they smoke and the recommendations are always spot-on. I have just tried the CLE Prieto, the feel and smell upon taking off the tissue rapper is very nice, dark outer rapper and very tightly box pressed. The first draw was very cool, some resistance which I do like and just a little pepper. I am a relative newbie just getting back into the cigar world and my first thoughts on the cigar or very high, even though I am by no means an expert. I consider myself a man that has traveled extensively, a military career in which I have met many nationalities, cultures, people, and try to live my life with a very open mind and try new things. I feel this line of cigar is very well worth my trying their are other items and I will continue to do so. Thank you so much for really nice cigar that I will continue to have in my humidor."
CLE Prieto,5 out of 5,Really good smoke. Full flavor,Really good smoke. Full flavor
CLE Prieto,5 out of 5,Just One Was all it Took,"Had just one last week.
Guess what?
1. I thought it was a great cigar that hits the medium / full spectrum perfectly.
Lots of smoke, hints of chocolate, coffee with a touch of leather and spice finish.
2. It was picked as the top Robusto cigar of 2016 by CA.
Get em while you can, you won't be disappointed."
CLE Prieto,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,This is a great cigar for the price. I've enjoyed 8 or so of them and so far each one has burned evenly
CLE Signature Series Honduras,5 out of 5,Nothing compares to authentic corojo.,"The only problem with CLE cigars is that once you have one, most other cigars taste very pedestrian. This signature series is among their very best."
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,Great little Cigar,Great little cigar!
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,Go to,These are my go to cigars. Small and a great smoke.
Cohiba Black,4 out of 5,Great with Scotch,Great with Scotch
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,Best small stick when in a hurry,These are perfect when time is short and you a good quick smoke.
Cohiba Black,3 out of 5,OK,Flavor was ok...not great but OK cigar was just the right size.
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,Great,Always the best !!
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,Excellent!,very good Maduro smoke!
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,"Great deal, good smoke","Usual Cohiba experience, good choice when you're short on time. CI price and availability top flight."
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,Cohiba delivery,Took way to long to receive but the cigars were great
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,Good cigar,"Good draw, even burn. Tasty little cigar."
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,I have Found it!,"Gentlemen I have found it! The best cigar made.. With Coffee, Man I love it. I just can't say enough good stuff about them.
These are the perfect cigar for me, any place any time. Very nice."
Cohiba Black,4 out of 5,Still Lookin,a Very Good cigar
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,Favorite small smoke,I've tried dozens of short smokes largely because I live in Wisconsin in winter. These Cohibas make cigar smoking in winter far more enjoyable than all the other small cigar choices out there.
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,Don't let the size fool you,"A surprisingly full bodied cigar for it's size. A great 30 minute smoke that doesn't compromise, will definitely buy again."
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,Black Pequenos,"Regarding the Black Pequenos, they are perfect for a morning smoke with dark coffee and reading the paper. They have enough substance to feel like a true cigar but don't take a long time to smoke. Bold flavor and they hit the spot."
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,Bold Flavors!,Bold flavor!
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,cohiba blacks robusto,great taste with slow and even burn
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,Thumbs up!,Thumbs up!
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,Great smoke with even better tobacco,These Cohiba’s are great quality and have great flavor. Easy on the budget too.
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,;),;)
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,The best!,The best!
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,Thanks,Great cigar for a great price.
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,A love hate relationship.,"After this have lost my taste for a slew of cigars such as macanudos, gurkhas, Vegas gold, medianoche, and even Mark Twain maduro's. There's this salty peppery chocolate coffee taste that I can't stop loving. The only comparables are Cohiba Dominican and Camacho Power Band. Beware."
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,Love these sticks. Really a,Love these sticks. Really a great taste and a slow burn.
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,Beyond Excellence,My favorite cigar. Worth every penny!
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,Cannot go wrong with Cohiba,Cohiba is a cigar I've always enjoyed.
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar,One of the best I have tried. I will be ordering these again.
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,Nice little smoke. Content the,"Nice little smoke. Content the size fool you, it is a full bodied smoke. Perfect for when time is short"
Cohiba Black,4 out of 5,Good little cigar,"Very smooth to smoke, but they seemed to make me dizzy after I was finished."
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,My favorite cigar,My favorite cigar
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,Great short smoke!,Great short smoke!
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,Husband loves these,Husband loves these
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,Cohiba Black Pequenos,what a great smoke!
Cohiba Black,4 out of 5,Cohiba Black Pequenos,"These little jewels were fresh, right out of the box. The strength is med-high, and never bit, all the way to the end. I gave them a 4 out of 5 star review, not for the flavor or burn, but for the price."
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,Best cigarillo that I’ve tried,Best cigarillo that I’ve tried
Cohiba Black,4 out of 5,Mild surprise,"Despite its Maduro wrapper, I found the Black Gigante to be suprisingly mild. The first half has a pleasant aroma but no distinctive flavor profile. The back half starts to pick up floral notes and pepper. Arrived dry, but is improving in the humidor. Well constructed, the draw is a little heavy. Plan on staying a while with this one, it outlasted two fingers of Wild Turkey."
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,Cohiba,Great Cigar! One of my favorites.
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,my go to,"Always smooth & easy, My go to anytime"
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,👍,Great cigar!!! Love them
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,Cohiba,"Very tasty refine cigars ,I truly enjoy."
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,Preferred go to for a,Preferred go to for a quality smoke without 2 hours to burn. Like to have these available at all times if possible.
Cohiba Black,4 out of 5,A great little cigar,Been smoking these little guys for years and enjoy the flavor and burn. Perfect stick for when you have limited time in your schedule. 1 star deduction for consistent draw issues which require some whittling with the cutter. I always have a tin of these in my smokebox and they compliment a small glencairn of Macallan or Talisker very nicely.
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,Cohiba Black,One of the smoothest cigars I’ve tried. Loaded with flavor. Have and will buy again.
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,Bold taste nice,Bold taste nice
Cohiba Black,2 out of 5,Tight Draw,Extremely tight packed. I’ve had concrete ice cream shakes that had more draw than this thing. Flavor was good though.
Cohiba Black,3 out of 5,Hard to smoke,They are nice but hard to smoke when I cut them
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,Love them,Love them
Cohiba Black,3 out of 5,Doesn't draw well,"Didn't draw very well, packed tight and a little dry, but good flavor."
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,Great,Nice and strong
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,Cohiba Black,I wish they could be my everyday cigar!
Cohiba Blue,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Cohiba Blue,5 out of 5,good cigar,nice
Cohiba Blue,5 out of 5,Cohiba Blue Robusto,Very good smoke. Will buy them again
Cohiba Blue,4 out of 5,Enjoyable smoke,"Enjoyable smoke. Easy draw, retrohale is a lot of fun with nutty spicy notes. Beware exceedingly poor reviews. This is a nice stick for the price. I ordered a 5-pack of tubos and didn’t find them too wet or too dry."
Cohiba Blue,5 out of 5,Deliciousness,Deliciousness
Cohiba Blue,5 out of 5,Cohiba,One of my favorites.
Cohiba Blue,4 out of 5,Excellent medium body/daily,"For the price point, the Cohiba Blue packs excellent flavors and a consistent smoke. The draw is a 10/10. Burn is a 9/10 (based on the 5 sticks I had). Great flavor.. I’m no professional cigar reviewer... in fact I often laugh at the “notes” of unique flavors YouTubers say they pick up on.. but I genuinely can say there is a great level of sweetness and cedar present through the whole stick. Not overpowering. Could be a daily go-to. I’ll pick up a box for the humidor."
Cohiba Blue,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar. Sooth draws d,Excellent cigar. Sooth draws d taste. Could be my new fave
Cohiba Blue,5 out of 5,I didn't buy those,I didn't buy those
Cohiba Blue,5 out of 5,Blue,Very nice. Draws well. Enjoyed wth a good beverage.
Cohiba Blue,5 out of 5,Great cigars,Great cigars
Cohiba Blue,3 out of 5,Amateur review,"The draw at the beginning was a smooth inhale. At the finish of the exhale slight burn at the back of the tongue. Cigar was light on Flavor and mostly balanced. Overall a lower end cohiba, but still a good cigar for the price point."
Cohiba Blue,5 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth
Cohiba Blue,5 out of 5,Great. Cigar,Very favorable smoke
Cohiba Blue,5 out of 5,Nice Medium Body Smoke,"I normally like the mellow smokes, but this Cohiba Blue tastes great and as usual for a Cohiba even burn, nice draw all the way to the nub."
Cohiba Blue,4 out of 5,Cohiba Blue,"Well constructed, good flavor and priced right."
Cohiba Blue,3 out of 5,Decent Smoke,Decent Smoke
Cohiba Blue,3 out of 5,No greatness here.,"A good, average smoke. Above average taste and appearance. Less than average draw and construction."
Cohiba Blue,5 out of 5,Excellent,Wonderful smoke.
Cohiba Blue,5 out of 5,Delicious,Very flavorful
Cohiba Blue,5 out of 5,red dot,I enjoyed my first red dot. good cigar
Cohiba Blue,5 out of 5,Delicious and thanks for a,Delicious and thanks for a great deal. Keepum coming
Cohiba Blue,5 out of 5,Great Value,"These sticks are tasty and smooth. Of course, the price was great too. One of the many reasons I'm a loyal CI customer"
Cohiba Blue,5 out of 5,Well made!,"Good smoke, burns even and not hot! 88 rating."
Cohiba Blue,5 out of 5,Cohiba blue,Smooth and satisfying smoke
Cohiba Blue,3 out of 5,Cohiba Blue,"A decent cigar, held its fire for over five minutes while tending the grill. It had an even burn, but a little disappointed with the amount of smoke. I denoted oak and hints of cinnamon near the end. It was also cool to the very end."
Cohiba Blue,4 out of 5,good deal but....,"very good cigars, but two of them did not burn properly....big runs..."
Cohiba Blue,4 out of 5,Cohiba,Good taste and burn.
Cohiba Blue,5 out of 5,Great Deal on Cohiba,It's a never miss with Cohiba and the specials that are available on Cohiba Blue right now are amazing. Will definitely be ordering again!
Cohiba Blue,5 out of 5,Cohiba Blue,"I typically smoke a more full bodied cigar, however I decided to give the Cohiba Blue a chance. It was an excellent cigar. The burn was even and didn't require any touch ups, and the wrapper and construction were top notch. I picked up some notes of cedar/sweet and a bit of nuttiness. The flavor was consistent throughout the burn."
Cohiba Blue,5 out of 5,"Blue Cohiba, very nice","My first blue Cohiba, a great cigar! nice burn, awesome flavor I will be buying more..."
Cohiba Blue,5 out of 5,Supreme,Plesently surprised great cigars
Cohiba Blue,4 out of 5,Cohiba Blue Dot,I have had these before and enjoyed them . I bought. These on a special price and was not happy . The freshness of the cigar was a 3 . Most likely will not purchase when they are on a special . If I had purchased them at the regular price I would have returned them . I have always been happy in the past with the freshness of your cigars. Ty JMR
Cohiba Blue,3 out of 5,Tasty,Tasty
Cohiba Blue,5 out of 5,good,good
Cohiba Blue,5 out of 5,"Yummy,,arrived fresh and ready to","Yummy,,arrived fresh and ready to smoke"
Cohiba Blue,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Have bought several times and am pleased with every order!
Cohiba Blue,4 out of 5,One of my favorites,One of my favorites
Cohiba Blue,5 out of 5,A cigar everyone should try,A cigar everyone should try at least once in their life. Life is good!
Cohiba Blue,5 out of 5,Cohiba Blue Robusto,I shared with my golf foursome. They all thought the cigar was great. Terrific value. Thanks.
Cohiba Blue,3 out of 5,"Not bad, not special","A decent smoke, not much too it, but if you could find a deal they are worth a try, I just like a little more to my cigars"
Cohiba Blue,5 out of 5,Very Good Cigar,"Great cigar. Burns evenly, good smoke and medium body."
Cohiba Blue,5 out of 5,Great stick,Good smokes will definitely order again.
Cohiba Blue,5 out of 5,Best money for a tasty treat,Great smoke for the Money! Nice even burn and taste great.
Cohiba Blue,3 out of 5,"Imo, not as bad as some reviews claim...","A fine cigar compared to a nice average budget smoke. I think the bad reviews are due to people expecting Cohiba Red Dot quality, which this is not. That doesn’t mean it is bad, just not great. I highly recommend letting them rest for at least a week in the humidor. Moderately tight draw, and can have burn issues, but again, both of these issues are fixed by letting this cigar rest in the humidor a while. Flavor wise, not terribly complex but otherwise it’s pretty tasty."
Cohiba Blue,4 out of 5,It's subtly full of flavor.,It's subtly full of flavor. More rich.
Cohiba Blue,4 out of 5,Cohiba Red dot,I enjoy it a great smoke. Still wish it was a cohiba behike but it was and is a great smoke
Cohiba Blue,5 out of 5,Colin’s Blue!,These are GREAT afternoon cigars!
Cohiba Blue,5 out of 5,Amazing cigars,Amazing cigars
Cohiba Blue,5 out of 5,5 stars!,Very good cigars . Thank you very much.
Cohiba Connecticut,5 out of 5,All good cigars,All good cigars
Cohiba Connecticut,4 out of 5,Ok smoke nice flavor,Ok smoke nice flavor
Cohiba Connecticut,5 out of 5,Cohiba Connecticut,This was my first time trying the Cohiba Connecticut and I loved it. I have always been a huge fan of Cohiba's and the Connecticut is a great addition.
Cohiba Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great easy going smoke!,Loved it
Cohiba Connecticut,5 out of 5,Amazing cigar,By far one of the best I've smoked. I mainly stick to the Connecticuts because I enjoy a flavorful smooth cigar. This is a Premium cigar and one I cherish every time.
Cohiba Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great smoke!!!,Thank you for the great sale CI!! I may have never tried these others!! Smooth and long lasting!!
Cohiba Connecticut,5 out of 5,"Solid, Consistent Performer","Cohibas are the best, but often quite pricey. I picked these up as part of a promotion - killer deal for a top-notch stick. Wonderful robust, but not too heavy smoke, great draw, perfect size, long smoke - can enjoy with a couple nice bourbons. I'm still deciding which of the Connecticuts or the Prue Dominicanas I prefer."
Cohiba Connecticut,5 out of 5,Not Cuban. But very close,Not Cuban. But very close
Cohiba Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great Deal,Great Deal
Cohiba Connecticut,4 out of 5,OK,"It is OK, but not great. First two were really bitter. Just plain bad. Then two more were OK, but not as good as they should have been. I'm still smoking the box, hoping that I will find some good ones."
Cohiba Connecticut,4 out of 5,Cohiba Connecticut Robusto,"This is a nice stick to have in your collection! Smooth, with the flavorful taste that is unmistakably Cohiba!"
Cohiba Connecticut,5 out of 5,Beyond phenomenal!!,"Once in a lifetime opportunity to try these marvels of the cigar-makers' art without having to take out a second mortgage. Thank you for making this possible and for making an old man happy, especially in times like these!"
Cohiba Connecticut,5 out of 5,"Great smoke, nice draw and","Great smoke, nice draw and great flavor"
Cohiba Connecticut,4 out of 5,Aweso,Aweso
Cohiba Connecticut,5 out of 5,My New Go-to?,"Truly delicious smoke. Creamy, toffee, mid-mild, great anytime."
Cohiba Connecticut,3 out of 5,Trashman Cohiba CR,"Not bad, I was expecting more out of it."
Cohiba Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great Taste & Draw,Great Taste & Draw
Cohiba Connecticut,5 out of 5,Very nice smoke,Very nice smoke
Cohiba Connecticut,4 out of 5,Excellent smoke,Excellent smoke
Cohiba Connecticut,4 out of 5,Purchased these as part of,Purchased these as part of a Christmas sampler pack. It burns well and I really enjoy it in the mornings.
Cohiba Connecticut,5 out of 5,I bought this cigar twice.,"I bought this cigar twice. After the first box I was so pleased that I decided to order a second box. To my disappointment, I did not find the same taste like the first box, I felt it was a different cigar."
Cohiba Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Start to finish great cigar
Cohiba Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great cigar at affordable price!!,Great cigar at affordable price!!
Cohiba Connecticut,4 out of 5,Cohiba Connecticut Robusto,"nice and neat, mild an tasty"
Cohiba Connecticut,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Smooth even burn. Genuinely a good smoke.
Cohiba Connecticut,4 out of 5,"Not great, but pretty good","Not great, but pretty good"
Cohiba Macassar,5 out of 5,Papas,Our first order got lost & customer service got us a new order right away.
Cohiba Macassar,5 out of 5,A flavor you can't get,A flavor you can't get anywhere else
Cohiba Macassar,5 out of 5,Hey y'all it is delicious!!!,"Cohiba Macassar!!! It is Beautiful, flavorful and strong like my woman. I will order them again. CI's I travel all over the United States and everyone that smokes with me. I tell them about ya'll deals and website."
Cohiba Macassar,5 out of 5,Unique,Delicious. Unique flavors like cinnamon. Flawless construction and burn
Cohiba Macassar,4 out of 5,Cohiba,One of the best smoke I have in a long time
Cohiba Macassar,4 out of 5,Good night,A good smoke with a glass of your choice before turning in.
Cohiba Macassar,5 out of 5,Very smooth!! Best one yet!!!,Very smooth!! Best one yet!!!
Cohiba Macassar,5 out of 5,COHIBA,Love them great cigar amazing price!
Cohiba Macassar,5 out of 5,Tremendous smoke !!!,Tremendous smoke !!!
Cohiba Macassar,5 out of 5,Best cigar I’ve ever smoked!!!,Best cigar I’ve ever smoked!!!
Cohiba Macassar,5 out of 5,The cigars were very good.,The cigars were very good. Price was great
Cohiba Macassar,4 out of 5,Feedback,"Cigars look great, was disappointed they did not arrive in the cigar box like the deal said they would. But overall this was a great deal, just waiting for the right occasion to smoke one."
Cohiba Macassar,5 out of 5,Excellent,I was lucky to catch these on sale!
Cohiba Macassar,5 out of 5,Cadillac of the Cohibas,Very smooth and great flavor. Last 1.5 hours!
Cohiba Macassar,3 out of 5,Tight,Tightly rolled ... have to squeeze ... and relight often ... not really a fan of non Cuban Cohibas but that sale price got me to try again ... but same ol same ol.
Cohiba Macassar,5 out of 5,Not a cigar for sissies!,"This is a bold cigar, flavor for days, and needs plenty of time to really enjoy everything it has to offer."
Cohiba Macassar,5 out of 5,Cohiba Macassar,Great cigar!
Cohiba Macassar,5 out of 5,Highly Recommended,"Very well made, very good draw and flavor."
Cohiba Macassar,5 out of 5,Awesome,Awesome
Cohiba Macassar,4 out of 5,Cohiba Macassar Personal Review,"Starts out spicy good draw, even burn but I had to toss the final inch and a half to 2 inches as it got REALLY bitter and just foul tasting. I tried forging on hoping that it would change but it didn't. I would definitely smoke these again but I will keep in mind to put it out as soon as it starts to go bitter."
Cohiba Macassar,5 out of 5,Cohiba macassar,Damn this is a great cigar
Cohiba Macassar,5 out of 5,Worth it,"Smooth, great flavor, easy draw, awesome smoke."
Cohiba Macassar,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Cohiba Macassar,5 out of 5,Unbelievable,A cigar this smooth and creamy for almost nothing
Cohiba Macassar,5 out of 5,The name Cohiba!,"What do you expect, nothing but pure silky, creamy magical sophisticated smoke. Every draw is delightfully balanced and nothing short of amazing!
This is definitly a bucket smoke."
Cohiba Macassar,5 out of 5,Thank you,Bought these for a great price... would pay a lot more. Hard to find quality like this in a smoke. Highly recommend with jack honey. Even robust flavor not too overpowering.
Cohiba Macassar,2 out of 5,It was to mild,It was to mild
Cohiba Macassar,5 out of 5,Cohiba,Great Deal-one of my favorite cigars.
Cohiba Macassar,5 out of 5,Cohiba massacar,"As good as it gets
Tastes like a Cuban cigar
I got it on sale, so it was great value"
Cohiba Macassar,4 out of 5,Very good,Very good
Cohiba Macassar,5 out of 5,Premium High End cigar,"Very well made, very good draw and flavor. Highly recommended."
Cohiba Macassar,4 out of 5,Good - for the price,"Got these as daily Joe special. Great taste for the price, but rather inconsistent roll and burn. Love 'em, just wouldn't pay top dollar."
Cohiba Macassar,5 out of 5,Very nice cigar,Very nice cigar
Cohiba Macassar,1 out of 5,not so good,these cigars were too tight a draw. the flavor is not remarkable. just average. cant believe the price for a cigar like this wouldnt buy this cigar even if was 3 dollars.
Cohiba Macassar,3 out of 5,only buy these if the price is right,"paired well with whiskey but it was mostly an uneventful smoke with this stick. kinda spicy, kinda leathery but didnt really excite my pallet."
Cohiba Macassar,4 out of 5,Great sticks!,The Cohiba Massagar was pretty good. A bit on the bold side for me but smoked well.
Cohiba Macassar,5 out of 5,Very good.. smooth,Very good.. smooth
Cohiba Macassar,5 out of 5,Awesome price,Awesome price
Cohiba Macassar,1 out of 5,Better off buying an off brand than this,"I should not have to use a draw poker on a top brand Cigar, If I do not use it burn and draw stops 3/4 of the way and once you get to 50% it is impossible to keep lit and relight."
Cohiba Macassar,5 out of 5,5 stars,Great premium smoke
Cohiba Macassar,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Cohiba Macassar,1 out of 5,Cohia,hard to draw.wrapped tp tightnot goog for the money
Cohiba Macassar,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Pleasent surprise with this Cigar.
Cohiba Macassar,3 out of 5,So So Disappointed,Burns unevenly. Some cigars are harsh and hot
Cohiba Macassar,1 out of 5,Cohiba,I'm not happy with the purchase there hard and burn horribly.
Cohiba Macassar,1 out of 5,Strong,to Strong
Cohiba Macassar,2 out of 5,Cohiba,I was very disappointed with this purchase I still have a half a box left they burn terrible I keep thinking they’ll get better I feel like it might be young tobacco I would not purchase them again
Cohiba Macassar,3 out of 5,Rolled tight,Smokes well at lite just a bit heavy at mid to half. Smoke two both had half burn. Not sure of cost. Hard draw even after 2 weeks in humidor.
Cohiba Macassar,5 out of 5,jb's review,Great cigar with before dinner cocktail....
Cohiba Macassar,5 out of 5,These were AWESOME! Nothing else,These were AWESOME! Nothing else needs to be said....
Cohiba Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Perfect for 15-20 minutes,"Fantastic loved every minute of it..... great flavor, great time range, just great all around will defiantly purchase again"
Cohiba Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great little smoke!,Well made. Good draw
Cohiba Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Claudio,Excellent cigar
Cohiba Nicaragua,5 out of 5,New Band,"These new Cohibas are well made from quality tobaccos, but they are slightly more rustic, woody and peppery than the ones I’ve been getting with the old band. Maybe they just need a little age, but they won’t be getting it! Cheers"
Cohiba Nicaragua,5 out of 5,great taste.,great taste.
Cohiba Nicaragua,5 out of 5,love the cohiba nicaragua,"love this cigar, arrived great"
Cohiba Nicaragua,5 out of 5,👍🏽,👍🏽👍🏽👍🏽
Cohiba Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Good cohiba at a good price,"Good smoke, very bold flavors yet still smooth and not harsh! Recommend using a punch cutter. Cohiba does it again. Great size cigar too, an hour smoke. Go with a red dot if you don’t like bold, rich flavor"
Cohiba Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Good cohiba at a good price,"Good smoke, very bold flavors yet still smooth and not harsh! Recommend using a punch cutter. Cohiba does it again"
Cohiba Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Oh Yea Baby!,"worthy of 91 rating! even burn & fair draw. choc, earthy, and other darker flavors are well mixed. 👍"
Cohiba Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Thanks,Great cigar for a great price.
Cohiba Nicaragua,4 out of 5,smaller cigars,"new cigar smoker but, good flavor for me . ordered red dot also cant wait to try them."
Cohiba Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Perfect little smoke on the go,Full flavor and burn time does not to long to enjoy a quality smoke while on the go. Tin is also helpful and pocket size to protect your smokes. I carry two each of all 3 blends.
Cohiba Nicaragua,3 out of 5,Harsh,These are not smooth cigars.
Cohiba Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Very good,Very good
Cohiba Nicaragua,5 out of 5,A Really Good Cigar,"My favorite Cohiba. Rich, well-balanced flavor. One of my serious favorites. I recommend it."
Cohiba Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Quality of these cigars is great.,We have been enjoying our cohibas and dominicans with our friends since we've received them in the mail. Fast and professional.
Cohiba Nicaragua,3 out of 5,Fair...Not Extraordinary,"Cool smoke, nice draw, good burn, nothing to write home about."
Cohiba Nicaragua,5 out of 5,"Deep, rich and delicious.","Smokey, nice burn and a real joy to have on hand for a switch from the Dominicans of the same size. Excellent draw with a heavier taste than the red dots, but definitely not overpowering at all. Good for about a half hour or so of bliss by the fire."
Cohiba Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Definitely worth the $$$,Great little stick!!!
Cohiba Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Awesome Cigar! 😤💯👍,I can't wait till my next order comes in... 👍
Cohiba Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great,Great cigar.
Cohiba Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Wonderful stick,Wonderful stick
Cohiba Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Very good,Very good
Cohiba Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Tasty,I really in joy the tast all most as much as the bandios thanks
Cohiba Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great cigar.,Great cigar.
Cohiba Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Cohiba reddot,Smooth great taste
Cohiba Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Awesome little sticks,Can't go wrong with these
Cohiba Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great little cigar,Awesome!! I give it 10 stars if I could.
Cohiba Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Cohiba Nicaragua Pequenos,"Has a clean, robust flavor. A good slow burn."
Cohiba Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Outstanding services very knowledgeable on your Cigars’s always looking forward to reordering that I like.Great Job.,Great job that your company does never disappointed Johnny on the spot services.FIVE Stars Products.l’ve been spreading how CI is the company has an variety of prices for what there looking for.
Cohiba Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great taste,Good strong solid taste.
Cohiba Nicaragua,5 out of 5,The best little cigar I have smoked,It was a great smoke and very tasteful burns evenly very impressed
Cohiba Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Good smoke,"Like the big ones, youll like these."
Cohiba Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,"I have smoked the Dominican Cohiba in the Past, but I have to say the Nicaraguan Cohiba is more fullfilling than the first. Outstanding"
Cohiba Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Great stick,"This was one of the best Cohiba smoke I have ever tried, just a cut below the original habana blend. I just finish one following a good steak and potato meal and it was the best part of this meal. They will remain a main addition to my humidor"
Cohiba Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Small size...big smoke,Have enjoyed each one when I don’t have the usual amount of time to light up a cigar and Kevin clean back. This is my go to lunch time smoke
Cohiba Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Cohiba,Always a great smoke!
Cohiba Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Cohiba Nicaragua,"Great cigar , bold flavor great draw. Small cigar but smokes like a big one"
Cohiba Nicaragua,3 out of 5,"A rich, powerful cigar--and probably not for everybody.","This cigar reminds me of the Alec Bradley Sanctum and the My Father El Centurion. It is a very rich cigar. If I were only planning on smoking a single cigar, this would be a good option. However, it has a tendency to overwhelm the palate with its richness (It's also pretty darn strong). Unfortunately, this cigar is not a flavorful as the aforementioned blends, so I would rate is lower. I also noticed that it did not stay lit as well as I would have preferred, and the draw was a bit too tight. Not a bad smoke but one I really have to be in the right mood for to enjoy."
Cohiba Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Short and smooth!,Nice quick smooth smoke!
Cohiba Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Good Strong Smoke,"Good strong smoke. Can confirming several complaints of mushrooming and and issues with staying lit at first, but its a very strong tight rolled cigar. Would not recommend for those not fond of full cigars, but it was exactly what I'd hoped for."
Cohiba Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Nicaragua Pequenos,"Like many Cohibas are some of my favorite cigars. Unfortunately to smoke the full size guys in a regular basis is a little bit out of my budget. The Pequenos give me the ability to enjoy them on regular basis, and the Nicaraguas are an excellent example of Cohiba's quality and taste."
Cohiba Nicaragua,5 out of 5,My new everyday cigar!,I buy at least two boxes of cigars a week. This is my new daily cigar. I will not let my humidor go without a box. Along with padrons this stick has everything I hope for. I'm smoking them so fast I ordered two boxes this week so I can get some age on some of them. I rarely write a review but this cigar deserved one.
Cohiba Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great product and fair prices,Great product and fair prices
Cohiba Nicaragua,5 out of 5,A Great Cigar,"A very smooth, long leaf cigar. Good flavor and long lasting. Cohiba Nicaragua are my all time favorite."
Cohiba Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Yes sir!!!!,"Got 5 of these beauties in sampler with some AB Tempus Nicaragua. Wow!!! What a sampler!!! Great smoke,flavor and burn. Would definitely recommend!! Dustin L. Gastonia, N.C."
Cohiba Nicaragua,2 out of 5,Disappointing!,"Terribly disappointed in this stick, especially given the fact that it's made by an industry leader. Glad I only bought a 5-pack. Minimal flavors on the palette, I prefer other Nicaraguan Sungrown cigars much more so, (Rocky Patel) (Alec Bradley)."
Cohiba Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Cohiba Nicaragua n4x45,"Great cigars,great flavor a little pricey. I've had them Stay lit for 3 or 4 minutes after putting them down to go do something come back and start smoking without needing to re-light."
Cohiba Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Good stick,This is a good stick. I actually prefer them over the red dot series.
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,Outstanding smoke smooth and flavorful,Outstanding smoke smooth and flavorful nice slow burn
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,Smooth,Great cigar at the price
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,Puro delight,"I love this cigar, perfect strength and smoke produced, it is one of my top 5"
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke for the price,Really enjoyed these well constructed Coronas.
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,Super smooth!!,"Long lasting and a great burn!!!
Thanks for the great sale!!"
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,Cohiba - not much else to say,"Great smoke, nice robust, full body, great draw - very well built cigar"
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,Great Deal do it again,Great Deal do it again
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,Rare chance to try Cohibas,I never thought that I would have the opportunity to afford my own box of Cohibas. Thanks for this delectable experience without the necessity of having to sell my grandchildren to UNICEF!!!
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,"Always a great smoke, this","Always a great smoke, this time for a great price."
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,First class premium smoke,"I jumped on an amazing CI offer for these cigars, and they did not disappoint! Smooth, great draw, tasty and excellent finish!"
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,Cohiba Puro Dominicans,"I try to keep a wide range of cigars in my humidor for my many moods, lol. Fuentes, cohiba, rocky Patel, just to name a few, and mostly all sun grown wrappers. I bought these Dominican puro’s on sale. They’ve been resting for about a month, and each one I’ve tried has been good smooth cigar about medium to full, slow burning, and an even burn line. It’s a little stronger than the regular cohiba, but sometimes you want a stronger smoke. I’m going to watch for a good sale to pick up another box."
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,One of the most beautiful,One of the most beautiful smokes I’ve had!!!
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,cohiba,great GO-TO CIGAR
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,Great cigar . Great prices,Great cigar . Great prices . Glad I’m part of C.I . International
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,Very smooth great flavor,Very smooth great flavor
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,Great price and a great,Great price and a great smoke. Thank you for all the special offers you give out because it gives me an opportunity to afford them
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,4 out of 5,Very good smoke,Very good smoke
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,Treat,Love the cohiba Dominicans. I try to buy every time they go on special.
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,Best one in last 20 years,Best cigar I've smoked in last 20 years. Rolled tight/solid which will last instead of one's rolled loose that burns fast like a firecracker. Incredible flavor. Stock up on this one.
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,Buy it!!,Great Cigar in fact I put them in my personal humidor! Taste great and I have never had a bad draw or issues with any of the three boxes I have purchased. One of the best cigars you can get.
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,A nice cigar!,"A very nice Dominicana puro!
A well made cigar!🍺🍺"
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,Cohiba,What more do you have to say than.. Cohiba it's an institution. I admit I do still like the Cohiba black better but it's easily one of my top 3 favorite cigars all time. The build quality is second to none.
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,Cohan’s value,Truly fine cigar experience at a great price!
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,4 out of 5,Cohiba Puro Dominicana Toro,nice smoke very enjoyable
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,Nice suprise,I’m a big fan of anything for Cohiba especially Cohiba black. But these were a very nice surprise enjoyed every minute of it nice smooth burn great flavor good draw smoked it all the way down to the nub would order again.
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,4 out of 5,Good,Good
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,3 out of 5,Puro,Burned on the hot side
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,Nice deal,Great cigars at a great price! Plus free delivery
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,Cohiba,Outstanding cigars.
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,The Best Cigar,Great taste and easy draw. Wonderful version of the original puro. Will buy more
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,Cohiba,Cohiba never disappoints
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,Great end of the day smoke,"Had this nice stick just last night. While I typically stay in the medium Red Dot camp, I tried the Puro Dominicano, as I had recently bought some and they were winking at me when I opened my humidor. From the very first pull it was delicious - even a bit nutty - and it slowly came on as stronger yet smooth, spicier but not hot. I took it to the nub and loved it every bit of the ride."
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"Excellent. tight roll, great flavor, and smoke to the tip and never got hot"
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,Great Cigars,Great cigar with a good flavor. Reasonably priced and fast delivery.
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,No Disappointment; A Great Deal,"Having researched this cigar on line and seeing a 3.5 star review from one aficionado, I wondered if I was making a mistake ordering a box of 25. I knew when I first lit the Cohiba Puro Dominicana I found a great deal. The draw is easy and the initial flavor is downright savory-- coffee, chocolate, sea salt perhaps. I was a bit concerned this cigar appeared to canoe as it burned, but this was easily remedied by turning the slow side down, giving it access to more oxygen. I finished this Robusto in about 45 minutes, taking my time. I enjoyed the flavor and its smooth temperament. Very glad I made this purchase!"
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,Quality cigars at an unbeatable low price - what more is there to say?!
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,Great smoke !,Great smoke !
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,Cohiba,Great smoke.
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,"A little small for my taste, but the flavor experience made up for the size. A great smoke from torch to nub. The usual fantastic Cohiba!"
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,Cohiba Dominicana Puro Corona,Loved it. Not for the Connecticut wrapper crowd or the faint of heart. Full of taste with a great draw. I don’t usually go for narrow gauge smokes. I consider this to be more of a lonsdale than a corona. This one is one of my all time faves at this point. Pure dynamite.
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,Cohiba Puro Dominicana Corona,A superb smoke! Smooth tasting. Even burn. Definitely will continue to restock the humidor with this fine cigar.
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,4 out of 5,Cohiba,"Very nice smoke, lots of pepper in the beginning then turns creamy in the second third, can’t beat the price for a box of cohibas! Would buy again"
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,Very good,Very happy with my cohiba
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,3 out of 5,Cohiba Dominican Puro,Burns good but flavor medium not medium full as expected.
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,A great smoke,Nice and easy draw with a great ash
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,Nice smoke,Nice smoke
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,4 out of 5,Good Cigar,"This was a tasty gem and I enjoyed it very much, however it did not burn consistently and went out quite often which changes the taste when you have to relight. Bought it during a major sale and would purchase again."
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,Cohiba,Very good and tasty but I think I may even like the Cohiba Nicaragua even better
Cohiba Red Dot,4 out of 5,I liked them,I liked them
Cohiba Red Dot,5 out of 5,coiba,love the cigar smooth and medium body can't go wrong.
Cohiba Red Dot,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Exceptional cigar. Draws well.
Cohiba Red Dot,4 out of 5,Good,Good
Cohiba Red Dot,5 out of 5,Great smoke. Smooth easy draw.,Great smoke. Smooth easy draw. Mild to medium strength. This can be smoked anytime of the day. Definitely would purchase again.
Cohiba Red Dot,3 out of 5,Good but not my favorite,Good but not my favorite Cohiba
Cohiba Red Dot,5 out of 5,Little cohiba’s,When you don’t have a lot of time or just want a quick smoke these Pequenos are the perfect cigar they have a great flavor and I wouldn’t recommend anything else but these
Cohiba Red Dot,4 out of 5,Nice smoke.,Nice smoke.
Cohiba Red Dot,4 out of 5,good hearty smoke but not,good hearty smoke but not too strong
Cohiba Red Dot,4 out of 5,Not bad for a quick,Not bad for a quick smoke
Cohiba Red Dot,5 out of 5,Always on Piont,CI has been great. Cigars always come on time and fresh!!
Cohiba Red Dot,5 out of 5,These are new to me.,These are new to me. Usually get the Black. Was hoping for a bit less tarry cigar.
Cohiba Red Dot,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Cohiba Red Dot,4 out of 5,Great smoke,"one of my faveriots grerat smoke,"
Cohiba Red Dot,5 out of 5,Quality,Good cigars
Cohiba Red Dot,4 out of 5,Cohiba Does Not Disappoint,"I've had a number of Cohibas through the years, but they'll all been Cubans. I assume the Red Dot is a Dominican - but does not disappoint for the price. Well constructed and smooth. Smoked it down to the nub without experiencing a loss in flavor."
Cohiba Red Dot,4 out of 5,Well balanced really good cigar.,Well balanced really good cigar. Id buy it again.
Cohiba Red Dot,5 out of 5,Smooth,Very good smooth smoke.
Cohiba Red Dot,5 out of 5,Awesome Buy,Awesome Buy
Cohiba Red Dot,4 out of 5,Worth the price,Good smoke!
Cohiba Red Dot,5 out of 5,Very nice,Very nice cigar. Burns evenly & goes well with a variety of drinks.
Cohiba Red Dot,5 out of 5,Great cigar,A wonderful choice for the cigar enthusiast
Cohiba Red Dot,4 out of 5,"Decent Smoke, smaller cigar","Decent Smoke, smaller cigar"
Cohiba Red Dot,5 out of 5,Excellent 20 Minutes,These are high quality cigars made of whole leaf. The excellent taste and aroma give you the same satisfaction as a fine Churchill but when you only have 15 - 20 minutes.
Cohiba Red Dot,3 out of 5,Ok,Ok
Cohiba Red Dot,5 out of 5,"Awesome, one of my favorite","Awesome, one of my favorite"
Cohiba Red Dot,4 out of 5,Big surprise. Can it be,"Big surprise. Can it be this excellent? Really, must check out more."
Cohiba Red Dot,3 out of 5,Just OK,Not a big fan of this smoke. Lackluster taste and an average roll makes for an expensive excursion into the mediocre.
Cohiba Red Dot,5 out of 5,Cohiba's and others,I am an amateur cigar smoker but liked these cohibas very much. Thanks.
Cohiba Red Dot,4 out of 5,mid day smoke,best during lunch or midday smoke
Cohiba Red Dot,5 out of 5,All great cigars,All great cigars
Cohiba Red Dot,5 out of 5,A very good smoke,A very good smoke
Cohiba Red Dot,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Cohiba Red Dot,4 out of 5,I have enjoyed this sampler,I have enjoyed this sampler all three choices work for me
Cohiba Red Dot,5 out of 5,I loved it!!!,I loved it!!!
Cohiba Red Dot,5 out of 5,"strong flavor, great smoke","strong flavor, great smoke"
Cohiba Red Dot,5 out of 5,"C. McFarland, Cohiba Red Dot Robusto",Powerful cigar! Excellent stick for experienced smokers who appreciate a strong stick. Quality with every pull!
Cohiba Red Dot,5 out of 5,Time to Relax,"What is time to sit back, back and enjoy life there’s nothing much better than a cup of Café Mocha and a Good Cigar. Yup."
Cohiba Red Dot,5 out of 5,Enjoyed this one the most.,Enjoyed this one the most. I’m a big Rocky fan but it caught my taste buds by surprise
Cohiba Red Dot,3 out of 5,Not a Bad Stick,It was a good going to smoke it again. Thought it was really to mild almost
Cohiba Red Dot,5 out of 5,Maintains the reputation,Maintains the reputation
Cohiba Red Dot,4 out of 5,"Nice cigars, will buy again.","Nice cigars, will buy again.
Cohiba Red Dot is an easy, fast burning cigar with a nice mild flavor."
Cohiba Red Dot,5 out of 5,Really great cigars,Really great cigars
Cohiba Red Dot,5 out of 5,Great smoke great price,Great smoke great price
Cohiba Red Dot,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Cohiba Red Dot,4 out of 5,great cigar but too pricey,great cigar but too pricey for me
Cohiba Red Dot,5 out of 5,Chohibas,My favorite with whiskey
Cohiba Red Dot,3 out of 5,Bold.,Bold.
Cohiba Red Dot,5 out of 5,Local shops dont have,My local cigar shop doesn't carry these. The red dot reputation holds strong. These are great!
Cohiba Red Dot,5 out of 5,Great cigar for everyday.,Loaded with flavor. Even burn. Must try.
Cohiba Royale,5 out of 5,Awesome Cigars!!,Love these cigars.
Cohiba Royale,5 out of 5,Perfection!,By far the best Cohiba i've ever had.
Cojimar Private Collection Maduro,4 out of 5,Nice Cigar worth the $,"Very solid. Smartly rolled and consistent, robust flavor. Certainly worth the sale price at which I got these. Thanks CI!"
Cojimar Private Collection Maduro,4 out of 5,Was actually a very robust,Was actually a very robust smoke stayed together well and had enjoyed the whole thing
Cojimar Private Collection Maduro,4 out of 5,Cojimar,Good smoke for a decent price
Cojimar Private Collection Maduro,5 out of 5,Amazing quality,Amazing quality
Cojimar Private Collection Maduro,4 out of 5,Good,Good
Cojimar Private Collection Maduro,4 out of 5,Excellent burning cigar,Excellent burning cigar
Cojimar Private Collection Maduro,5 out of 5,As Good As It Looks!,"Very good Maduro Cigar, consistent draw and taste right to the very end"
Cojimar Private Collection Maduro,3 out of 5,"lopsided, uneven burns","I bought a pack of 15, packaged as 3-bundles of 5. This was a new listing, so I decided to give then a try.
So far, I've made it through one pack of 5. I'd give the flavor a solid ""B"". That is, they are OK but nothing special.
My biggest disappointment with these cigars is the burn. 5 out of 5 has severe lopsided, uneven burns indicating shoddy construction."
Cojimar Private Collection Maduro,4 out of 5,mild smooth,mild smooth
Cojimar Private Collection Maduro,5 out of 5,very nice cigar for the,very nice cigar for the price
Cojimar Private Collection Maduro,4 out of 5,Offer was a good opportunity,Offer was a good opportunity to become acquainted with your company and products. I plan to continue to do business with your company.
Cojimar Private Collection Maduro,4 out of 5,A very nice cigar smokes,A very nice cigar smokes very good for the price. Will definitely buy again.
Cojimar Private Collection Maduro,3 out of 5,Just ok,Wasn’t what I had hoped for reading the description. But it’s alright In a pinch.
Cojimar Private Collection Maduro,5 out of 5,My new favorite smoke,"First came across this Cojimar in a Sampler. Loved it, but a little costly for me. Went on sale and I bought my limit. This is one fine smoke, Even though a Maduro, it is mellow and sweet. Burns so even, right down to the final inch. I highly recommend these to every taste. I don't think you will be disappointed."
Cojimar Private Collection Maduro,4 out of 5,Cojimar,Like it.
Cojimar Private Collection Maduro,5 out of 5,OUTSTANDING,"Nice slow burn, bold but not too bold kick. Love this cigar"
Cojimar Private Collection Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar,First time smoking these and I will order again great smoke.
Cojimar Private Collection Maduro,5 out of 5,I'll be back for more,Couldn't find anything not to like. Excellent draw and construction accompanying great taste.
Cojimar Private Collection Maduro,3 out of 5,"Nice cigar, nice price",Have really enjoyed this smoke. Draw was good. Nice flavor. Burned evenly.
Cojimar Private Collection Maduro,1 out of 5,Harsh Conneticut,"I don't usually smoke anything but Maduro or Oscuro, and I found this particular cigar harsh and not very tasty. I got a 5-pack for free as part of a deal, so would never have tried them otherwise. I wouldn't purchase them, and cannot recommend them."
Cojimar Private Collection Maduro,5 out of 5,Looks smooth,Great cigar went beyond my expectations
Cojimar Private Collection Maduro,4 out of 5,Surprised,Nicely surprised with this cigar . Nice draw and great flavor. Went well with the whiskey.
Cojimar Private Collection Maduro,3 out of 5,Cojimar,Ok for price different taste.
Cojimar Private Collection Maduro,3 out of 5,I can only give them,I can only give them a rating of average at this time. I tried one upon arriving it was good but I think after a few weeks resting in my humidor will make a big difference
Cojimar Private Collection Maduro,5 out of 5,Fine stick,Never purchased these before. I was pleasantly surprised by how well they were.
Cojimar Private Collection Maduro,4 out of 5,Nice and smooth,Nice and smooth
Cojimar Private Collection Maduro,2 out of 5,Meh...Set Expectations Accordingly,"I've smoked three thus far. One was plugged and wouldn't draw, the wrapper shattered upon lighting another (and yes my humidor is just fine), but the third met my expectation. That one performed just fine and was one fine maduro. I would recommend for golf/yard."
Cojimar Private Collection Maduro,4 out of 5,Surprise,"I am a Maduro smoker, so this cigar was a must try for me. I like the cigar in all regards: draw, taste, construction = no problems."
Cojimar Private Collection Maduro,2 out of 5,Smokes like diesel fuel,I've had two of these so far and didn't find a sweet spot in either.
Cojimar Private Collection Maduro,4 out of 5,Cojimar maduro grand rubusto,Strong and full bodied...not an everyday smoke for me but a good change of pace. Great taste and even burn!
Cojimar Private Collection Maduro,4 out of 5,Mellow,This is a good smoke for the price. It is not as heavy as some Gurka products seem to be and lights easily.
Cojimar Private Collection Maduro,5 out of 5,Cojimar Private,All around good cigar especially considering the price.
Cojimar Private Collection Maduro,2 out of 5,Can get much better for less ...,Even at sale prices this cigar is no match for lesser priced maduros.
Comfortably Numb by Espinosa Vol. 1,5 out of 5,Comfortably Numb,One of my husband's favorite cigars.
Comfortably Numb by Espinosa Vol. 1,4 out of 5,I like it very much.,I like it very much.
Comfortably Numb by Espinosa Vol. 1,5 out of 5,EXCELLENT MEDIUM-BODIED smoke for the price!!!,Just had to amend my review because I only gave it FOUR STARS on it but orrrr DEMANDS FIVE! LOL
Comfortably Numb by Espinosa Vol. 1,4 out of 5,As near to a perfect 5-star smoke as you're going to get!,"Pink Floyd fans REJOICE! OH, and cigar lovers everywhere as well!😯💨😋 First off, yes, I am a devout fan of 'The Floyd' so, YES, the 'band' (hehe, get it?!) immediately grabbed my attention; but it's not a gimmick. Crafty, cool images and solid advertising on Espinosa's part for sure but that's where THAT ends...and the fun begins!
Upon lighting you're greeted with an AMAZINGLY smooth, easy draw; which continues into and throughout the cigar. Next up is the delicious notes of nutty, somewhat woodsy (oak?). ESPECIALLY on the retrohale. Then I noticed a bit of earthiness with some char that lingered on the aftertaste. VERY enjoyable.
Into the 2nd third now and I'm tasting/sensing a BIT of pepper: first the tingle on the tip of the tongue then, mildly, throughout my whole mouth pairing WITH nut not OVERPOWERING the aforementioned nutty and earthy notes from the FIRST 1/3. It's also seemed, not tip strengthen but to 'fill out' the overall flavors on my palate. Did I mention that it's burning PERFECTLY?! NO touch-ups or re-lights.
Ok, now into the final third: the mild peppery taste is defintely becoming more prominent but, again, is in no eau TOO strong or overpowering Amy of the other notes AMD flavors. On the contrary it seems to positively enhance them. And true to CI's 'strength meter' this stick hasn't stayed from medium at all; it's just a really great MEDIUM flavor AND bodied and smoke.
All in all I'd HIGHLY RECOMMEND these to my fellow medium to medium-full bodied cigar enthusiasts.
He'll, I just HIGHLY RECOMMEND them. PERIOD!
So do yourself a favor and order at LEAST a FIVER of these and won't be disappointed!
MOST DEFINTELY a TREAT!"
Comfortably Numb by Espinosa Vol. 1,5 out of 5,Delightful Smoke,"Delightful, medium bodied, cool tangy smoke with a lot of flavors going on."
Comfortably Numb by Espinosa Vol. 1,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Thomas S. regarding your review and comparison to the A.J Pinolero you are spot on. When I got my fist stick I kept trying to figure out what it was like. After that I ordered two boxes because it was that good. Anyway I also bought everything i could when I heard the Pinolero was going to be discontinued. I have one box left in my long term storage and that may make it till next year. Comfortably Numb is a great cigar and glad that i tried it.
Comfortably Numb by Espinosa Vol. 1,5 out of 5,You won't regret trying this,One of the best smokes I've ever had. Recommended to multiple aficionados and they love it too!
Comfortably Numb by Espinosa Vol. 1,5 out of 5,The New Pinolero?,"Almost 3 yrs. ago I was fortunate to get 2 boxes of Pinolero by AJ Fernandez before they went out of stock at a really good price (thanks, CI). Since I know I can't get any more I've been smoking them sparingly and still have 15-20 left. They have aged just awesomely and I'm blown away every time I smoke one. What does this have to do with Comfortably Numb? I got a box 5 months ago and they are great. I just finished one minutes ago and noticed that these are eerily similar to Pinolero in appearance, flavor, and smoking performance. I will have to get another box so I can see if these age as well as Pinolero. Those who remember Pinolero, do not be fooled by Comfortably Numb's funky artwork. This is an awesome traditional smoke at a pretty awesome price."
Comfortably Numb by Espinosa Vol. 1,5 out of 5,Espinoza,One of my best cigars
Comfortably Numb by Espinosa Vol. 1,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"My new favorite smoke, at this price point"
Comfortably Numb by Espinosa Vol. 1,3 out of 5,Good,Good
Comfortably Numb by Espinosa Vol. 1,5 out of 5,Almost perfect burn,Great smoke. I ordered two boxes. I can't recall a better cigar.
Comfortably Numb by Espinosa Vol. 1,5 out of 5,Excellent draw!!,"I am new to the cigar game, just purchased and seasoned my humidor, I would say tried 60-70 sticks, this so far is my top!!great draw consistent flavors from start to nub, not over powering, beginner or not, for the price I would highly recommend!!"
Comfortably Numb by Espinosa Vol. 1,4 out of 5,Comfortably Numb by Espinosa vol. 1 Toro,"Nice draw, even burn and great taste. A very good cigar!"
Comfortably Numb by Espinosa Vol. 1,4 out of 5,Surprised!!,This is actually a very nice smoke - and the label is a reminder of my “hippy” daze!!!
Comfortably Numb by Espinosa Vol. 1,4 out of 5,Great cigar for quite a,Great cigar for quite a value! Creamy with a spice to it.
Comfortably Numb by Espinosa Vol. 1,5 out of 5,Smooth,Great flavor for me. Smooth will purchase again.
Comfortably Numb by Espinosa Vol. 1,3 out of 5,Ok smoke.,Starts out a little bitter but settles into a decent medium bodied cigar. A little nutty and a little pepper. Pretty much one note throughout.
Comfortably Numb by Espinosa Vol. 1,5 out of 5,Good,Smooth and a good smoke to the end
Comfortably Numb by Espinosa Vol. 1,5 out of 5,Awesome,"Got 5 to give them a try , I’ll definitely be getting them from now on taste great real smooth and burn good"
Comfortably Numb by Espinosa Vol. 1,4 out of 5,Good Cigar,Good Cigar
Comfortably Numb by Espinosa Vol. 1,5 out of 5,Freaky Good,"These cigars are made very well, easy draw, good ash and taste naturally good consistently throughout all phases of the cigar. High quality, unique packaging that is cool if you can let go of tradition."
Comfortably Numb by Espinosa Vol. 1,5 out of 5,Nicely numb,I didn't know what to expect but was delightfully surprised. Nice smoke and consistent smoke. Will be ordering a box because the 5 pack just won't do.
Comfortably Numb by Espinosa Vol. 1,5 out of 5,great smoke,my newfavorite
Comfortably Numb by Espinosa Vol. 1,4 out of 5,Pleasantly Surprised,"Good flavor and burn. Given the name of Comfortably Numb, I wasn’t sure what to expect. I was pleasantly surprised."
Comfortably Numb by Espinosa Vol. 1,4 out of 5,👍🏻,"Maintains an ash with a good flavor. I prefer full flair cigars, but enjoy the amount of smoke."
Comfortably Numb by Espinosa Vol. 1,5 out of 5,Comfortably Numb Cigar,"Smoking the Comfortably Numb is excellent, would go great after Breakfast, or for dessert stick. Very tasty, lots of smoke output, flavors are spot on, ash held for almost 2 inches, and construction is flawless. I highly recommend them !"
Comfortably Numb by Espinosa Vol. 1,4 out of 5,Comfortably numb,These cigars were fairly tasty However I like my infused cigars better I would buy Again though
Comfortably Numb by Espinosa Vol. 1,5 out of 5,Comfortably Numb,Big fan of Eric Espinosa. great cigar-similar to Alpha Dog.
Comfortably Numb by Espinosa Vol. 1,5 out of 5,Great Smoke!,Another wonderful offering by Eric Espinosa. A little spice in the classic Habano style
Comfortably Numb by Espinosa Vol. 1,5 out of 5,Amazing,Yet another great cigar from Erik Espinosa I would highly recommend
Comfortably Numb Vol. 2,5 out of 5,Very nice draw and very,Very nice draw and very enjoyable with a Little Single malt
Comfortably Numb Vol. 2,5 out of 5,Cool smoke,"Me and my friend love these, thanks"
Comfortably Numb Vol. 2,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"Very good cigar. Great burn, construction and flavor."
Comfortably Numb Vol. 2,5 out of 5,Good stick and very consistent,Good stick and very consistent
Comfortably Numb Vol. 2,5 out of 5,Enjoyed,Enjoyed
Comfortably Numb Vol. 2,4 out of 5,Nice all round cigar,Good smoke. Nice body a go to cigar can't seem to keep enough of them in my humidor.
Comfortably Numb Vol. 2,5 out of 5,Worth the price,Worth the price
Comfortably Numb Vol. 2,5 out of 5,Espinosa Hits The Mark,This cigar has quietly become one of my favs. Burns evenly and has great flavor
Comfortably Numb Vol. 2,3 out of 5,Nice clean smoke,Nice clean smoke
Comfortably Numb Vol. 2,5 out of 5,Great cigars...great deal *****,Great cigars...great deal *****
Comfortably Numb Vol. 2,5 out of 5,Wish I bought more,Should have known to trust the Brand for a quality stick
Comfortably Numb Vol. 2,5 out of 5,Great every day cigar,"Good draw, easy on the pallet, nice smoke on a warm day with a beer. Definitely a great addition to The Espinosa line."
Comfortably Numb Vol. 2,5 out of 5,Very good,Very good
Comfortably Numb Vol. 2,5 out of 5,Comfortably Numb 2,Great!!
Comfortably Numb Vol. 2,3 out of 5,Too peppery for my taste...,"I received this cigar as part of my Cigar of the Month subscription. While it burns superbly and bears an effortless draw, the peppery notes of the cigar are overwhelming even for a guy like me who loves fuller-bodied smokes. The cigar improves as you smoke it, though - once the leather tones kick in, the pepper balances out a bit. If you love peppery cigars, this is the smoke for you."
Cornelius & Anthony Aerial,5 out of 5,Love It!,Outstanding cigar!
Cornelius & Anthony Daddy Mac,4 out of 5,A very good smoke,A bit on the strong side but a high quality smoke
Cornelius & Anthony Daddy Mac,5 out of 5,Can't get enough of these.,Can't get enough of these. So very good.
Cornelius & Anthony Daddy Mac,4 out of 5,Coastal musings,"Best of the C&A line. Construction, burn and draw were excellent. Upper medium strength and great taste."
Cornelius & Anthony Daddy Mac,5 out of 5,Enjoying every one so far,"Great construction, flavor and price"
Cornelius & Anthony Daddy Mac,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Cornelius & Anthony Daddy Mac,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Great burn great taste the only reason i put it as 4 stars is if im gonna choose a cigar from this brand id prefer the vengaza
Cornelius & Anthony Daddy Mac,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Cornelius & Anthony Daddy Mac,4 out of 5,Good smoke but does not,Good smoke but does not compare to the Meridian cigar
Cornelius & Anthony Daddy Mac,5 out of 5,Big surprise!,Great cigar at a great price
Cornelius & Anthony Daddy Mac,5 out of 5,Great smoke will buy more,Great smoke will buy more thanks
Cornelius & Anthony Daddy Mac,5 out of 5,Fast delivery at a great price,I am amazed at the 3 day delivery of my order! Also I saved more than 50% on my cigars compared to two other sites. You have earned a New regular customer!
Cornelius & Anthony Daddy Mac,4 out of 5,Good flavor and pull,Good flavor and pull
Cornelius & Anthony Daddy Mac,5 out of 5,Balanced,Enjoyable every day smoke
Cornelius & Anthony Daddy Mac,5 out of 5,Solid smoke - too bad,Solid smoke - too bad it is a close out. Enjoy them while you can!
Cornelius & Anthony Daddy Mac,3 out of 5,Good every day smoke,Good every day smoke
Cornelius & Anthony Daddy Mac,5 out of 5,Virginia Tobacco awesome cigar!,"Awesome cigar, great flavors! Love the end of the cigar gets very bold!"
Cornelius & Anthony Daddy Mac,5 out of 5,First time trial a success,"Rich flavor, well constructed."
Cornelius & Anthony Daddy Mac,3 out of 5,Good value priced cigar,"Construction is great. Body is on the medium level. Flavor is very subtle. Makes a great morning cigar.
I rated a 3 because the description sounded much more flavorful."
Cornelius & Anthony Daddy Mac,5 out of 5,Delicious,The Daddy Mac seems to be more tightly packed. A very tasty cigar. Nice burn.
Cornelius & Anthony Daddy Mac,3 out of 5,"burn, flavor.",used to better burn. and flavor.
Cornelius & Anthony Daddy Mac,4 out of 5,Nice and easy,"Good price, flavorful, not overpowering, smooth smoke."
Cornelius & Anthony Daddy Mac,3 out of 5,Not that great,"Compared to Oliva, Padron, Rocky Patel or AJ Fernandez Agging Room Quattro. I would rather spend my money on these brands."
Cornelius & Anthony Daddy Mac,4 out of 5,Pleasant surprise,"C&A Daddy Macs are one of best cigars I’ve had in it’s price range. Not as complex as pricier smokes, thus the 4 rating, but mild-to-moderate flavor, no heat until near end, even burn...well-worth the money."
Cornelius & Anthony Daddy Mac,3 out of 5,Daddy Mac,So So cigar.mediocre taste with an uneven burn.The best thing about this deal is a very nice cigar box.
Cornelius & Anthony Daddy Mac,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Wonderful flavor and it burned perfectly. I will defiantly by more!
Cornelius & Anthony Daddy Mac,4 out of 5,Tasty,"Had a few singles previously so jumped on these when the price was right. Smoked one ROTT. Happy I grabbed a box as these are smooth, tobacco sweet sticks with enough cedar and light spice throughout to keep it interesting."
Cornelius & Anthony Daddy Mac,5 out of 5,Too bad these are discontinued...,"These were on sale so I thought I’d give them a try. If the whole box is as good as the first one this was one of the best deals ever! Normally I don’t buy Coronas, but without giving a review I’ll just say they are excellent. Too bad they’re discontinued..
.."
Cornelius & Anthony Senor Esugars,5 out of 5,after its gets ash its a great cigar,"The initial burn when you light it, isn't the smooth flavor that will come. I read reviews saying the first couple puffs weren't great and thats true. Once you get a nice ash going the cigar smooths out with billowing clouds of smoke and a smooth tasty flavor. Glad I bought a box!"
Crowned Heads Four Kicks,5 out of 5,Great choice cigar,"Well made , great flavor, no burn issues"
Crowned Heads Four Kicks,5 out of 5,Great!,Great!
Crowned Heads Four Kicks,4 out of 5,Four kicks,Easy to smoke medium body stick with enough pepper to keep it interesting
Crowned Heads Four Kicks,5 out of 5,Four Kicks,"Four Kicks robusto is well constructed,flavorful and beautiful offering from Crowned Heads that should be in everyone's rotation."
Crowned Heads Four Kicks,5 out of 5,Enjoyable,Great little cigar. ..
Crowned Heads Four Kicks,3 out of 5,Stinky,"I got 10 of these on a ""deal""..... The construction...draw & burn were excellent... I only give it 3 stars because the aroma/smoke just stinks! I'm letting the remaining ones rest for awhile in hopes they improve with age."
Crowned Heads Four Kicks,5 out of 5,Four kicks,I love four kicks I would smoke them all the time if they were cheap er I smoke a lot of Cigars
Crowned Heads Four Kicks,2 out of 5,Did not live up to the hype!,"Not sure what all the hype is about this cigar, it was terrible from the start. Harsh burn and taste, with a heavy aftertaste that ruined my tastebuds for the day! giving the other sticks away, disappointed in this one!"
Crowned Heads Four Kicks,5 out of 5,"Four Kicks, Five Stars.","Got a five pack of Four Kicks in the whack a deal. Great smoke, great burn! Probably one of my favorite sticks that I've tried so far! The fact that they were a real steal at the price made them even so much better. Would definitely buy again."
Crowned Heads Four Kicks,4 out of 5,Great change of pace!,"Got a five pack of Four Kicks robusto's for a song on whack a deal! Bargain of the month. Good construction, good burn and a medium to full smoke. Probably as good a bargain as I've gotten from CI."
Crowned Heads Four Kicks,5 out of 5,Fantastic medium bodied stick,This is a must try cigar if you are looking for a fine cigar to smoke. You will be surprised by the smooth and consistent draw of this particular cigar.
Crowned Heads Four Kicks,5 out of 5,Try them,Good cigar and will buy again. These sounded good and the description of them is pretty good.
Crowned Heads Four Kicks,4 out of 5,A great stick!,Cigar had good draw and flavor. I would order the sublime again. BobII
Crowned Heads Four Kicks,4 out of 5,Excellent everyday smoke,Excellent every day smoke. Smooth from start to finish
Crowned Heads Four Kicks,5 out of 5,My Favorite Every Day Cigar,"Four Kicks was the first Crowned Heads stick I ever tried. Perhaps overshadowed by the acclaim of some of their others - namely La Imperiosa and Jericho Hill - I must say that Four Kicks remains the one I come back to again and again. If I'm ever at a loss for what smoke I'm in the mood for, Four Kicks hit the right spot.
I picked up a box last year, in December. The first few I smoked were solid, but I gotta say, these get better and better with age. With 9 months of rest in the humidor, these have gone from good to friggin excellent.
Notes of cedar, nuttiness, leather with tons of smoke output. Perfect draw, perfect burn, with every one I've smoked."
Crowned Heads Four Kicks,5 out of 5,Flavorful & Affordable,"One of my ""go to"" smokes. Great construction, even smoke. Medium-full flavor. Nice price. One fo Crowned Heads first smokes and still one of their best."
Crowned Heads Four Kicks,2 out of 5,Disappointed...,"I was expecting a top notch smoke, but was dissatisfied with my experience. I had these resting for about a year in 70F/65%. Leather, tobacco with hints of sweetness and cedar with peppery finish. The flavors were intermittent, and the burn started to run almost off the bat. Did a correction about half way through, the burn continued at an angle for the rest of the cigar. The band was stuck to the wrapper and upon removal tore the wrapper. More cracks developed as the burn progressed to the area where the band was. Overall the profile was rather uneventful, flavors intermittent. From the reviews I read I was looking forward to these. I've smoke several over the past few months and my experience was similar. Even if heavily discounted I doubt I would buy these, there are much better options for the price point..."
Crowned Heads Four Kicks Maduro,4 out of 5,Four Kicks Maduro,Great smoke for the price.
Crowned Heads Four Kicks Maduro,4 out of 5,Nice consistent flavor. Would have,Nice consistent flavor. Would have liked more spice.
Crowned Heads Headley Grange,5 out of 5,A must try!!!,This is one outstanding smoke. The flavor and burn or excellent. One of Crowned Heads best.
Crowned Heads Headley Grange,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,I loved it. It definitely put me in the zone I needed to be in during that time. The taste was great! It even burned evenly.
Crowned Heads Headley Grange,4 out of 5,very nice all around,"Super cigar, nice taste, smooth very even burn if you haven't tried on do yourself a favor"
Crowned Heads Headley Grange,5 out of 5,Nice stick great flavors shining through,"I actual got this stick from another golfer, smoked it till my fingers burned. Burned even and draw was super. Getting ready to order some more. Great flavors coming through on every puff. Enjoy"
Crowned Heads J.D. Howard Reserve,5 out of 5,BRAVO,One of the beat sticks I have had in last 5 yrs. Smooth woodsy flavor. Burns slow and even and allows you to relax and soak in the taste and your surrounding. Bravo.
Crowned Heads J.D. Howard Reserve,5 out of 5,great cigars,great cigars
Crowned Heads J.D. Howard Reserve,5 out of 5,Classic flavor.,"Like the other reviews state, it has a unique profile that you must like. That being said it just seems to hit a classic note with me that I have not seen done this well by any other cigar. Unique not only in flavor but also unique because it stands on its own compared to its rivals. I know unique but classic doesn’t fit together so you will have to try it to understand."
Crowned Heads J.D. Howard Reserve,5 out of 5,new leader,Currently my favorite
Crowned Heads J.D. Howard Reserve,5 out of 5,Jesse the Body Entura,"I read and saw a few mixed reviews, long after falling in love with this stick. One note isnt bad if ya like the note, a lot. This stick is full of dank, woodsy flavors with a slightly sweet draw. I think they smell amazing. You will get lots of compliments by walkers-by. Must b an aphrodisiac to females too.. always commenting. Its different. Its good. Its also what CH set out to do. Nice cigar. Hard to beat for the stick price if ya lije a woodsy smoke."
Crowned Heads J.D. Howard Reserve,4 out of 5,Not bad at all,"I bought the J.D.H's because my banker strongly recommended me these cigars. They're not bad, but i was expecting more, bc this huge cigar smoker told me that, to his p.o.v. the J.D.Howards were the best cigars he ever smoked! What do u expect, a nice cigar, really smooth eventhough they're almost full strengh and finish quickly. Try it, u will not be disapointed. Only available at CI, to a decent price!"
Crowned Heads J.D. Howard Reserve,5 out of 5,Strongly recomended!,"Pretty nice cigars, good taste not too strong, perfect with a white porto!"
Crowned Heads J.D. Howard Reserve,4 out of 5,Rustically Delicious,"Great cigar that fits the profile of what most companies call ""cubanesque"". To me, that means a medium cigar, with good flavor, and a rustic edge to it. Definitely worth trying."
Crowned Heads J.D. Howard Reserve,4 out of 5,Nice Smoke.,"This is the cigar I chose to celebrate with after repairing a broken clothes dryer. Nice looking cigar. The burn was a little quicker than I expected, and at times the smoke seemed a bit hot and the flavors somewhat washed out. However, for the most part this was an exceptional cigar. Medium to full body with refined flavors of wood, leather, and pepper. I cigar I could smoke time and time again."
Crowned Heads Jericho Hill,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"Overall a great cigar, very good draw, rich notes and not a long smoke so it's perfect for any occasion."
Crowned Heads Jericho Hill,5 out of 5,As life should be good,"Memorable experience from the gitgo. V-cut nicely. Lit up well within 4-5 easy draws. Even ash. Tastes of bittersweet cocoa and expresso. Paired perfectly with Kentucky's finest adult beverage.
I liked the wisp of smoke from each end after each draw. Warmed my whole face. Highly recommend for those who like the full body. Not for the weak of heart. The last 2 inches tell the story. Check it out."
Crowned Heads Jericho Hill,4 out of 5,Strong,Taste of pepper good draw bit strong.
Crowned Heads Jericho Hill,5 out of 5,Never received package,So CI is not dependable ad won't help me out post order. CI just keeps saying that haven't receive the package back.
Crowned Heads Jericho Hill,2 out of 5,Just eat a spoonful of pepper instead.,"One note pepper bomb if you ask me. Got these on a friend's recommendation and almost didn't even want to smoke it. Tried again, same result. I actually ordered 10 of these from another website and now have 8 that I'm not sure I even want. I'm going to try to smoke one more hoping 3rd time's a charm."
Crowned Heads Jericho Hill,2 out of 5,Just ok,The cigars were a little dryed out. I was expecting better! I wll continue to buy local and fresh.
Crowned Heads Jericho Hill,4 out of 5,Cool Hand Luke Approved,"This is a flavor BOMB! It's almost a bit overwhelming. Didn't notice too much nicotine. Burns like a chimney. Whenever I smoke this cigar, I think of a tar truck, tarring the road. In your face smell and taste. Make yourself a big beverage if you are going to smoke this cigar."
Crowned Heads Jericho Hill,5 out of 5,Amazing!,I don’t know what the guy below was talking about but I had the pleasure of smoking one of these today after it was recommended by a friend who has been smoking for years. Very good cigar with great flavors coming through. They sell out quick at our local shop and I was lucky to get the last one.
Crowned Heads Jericho Hill,2 out of 5,Ehh...,The cigars were kind of one note throughout.There were also multiple construction issues that included tunneling and cracking even after resting in the humidor for a few weeks. I would not buy them again. There are many cigars of better quality and cheaper prices.
Crowned Heads Jericho Hill Juarez,5 out of 5,Nice,Nice cigar for everyday after dinner time.
Crowned Heads La Cosa Nica Seleccion,5 out of 5,Excellent,I bought this to try the Las Mareas and Jericho hill cigars. I've only had the La Imperiosa before and if that smoke is a prelude to the other two...then we have a serious winner of a sampler here. Everything I've had by Crowned Heads so far has been well worth the money!!!
Crowned Heads La Imperiosa,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,Excellent cigar from start to finish.
Crowned Heads La Imperiosa,4 out of 5,4.5 stars. Would recommend.,"Really great smokes, smooth and yet full bodied."
Crowned Heads La Imperiosa,5 out of 5,firecracker,"Only smoked 2 so far, however I was blown away by this cigar. I have been smoking cigars for 25 years and this is one of those cigars you don't forget. The construction was hands down as good as any cigar i have ever smoked. Can't explain it, you have to hold it in your hand. It's so dense and heavy in the hand it smokes longer than you would expect. It's rolled perfectly round like a lead pipe. I would like to shake the hand of the person who rolled this cigar. I gave one to my snob cuban only smoking buddy and he immediately said wow well made. Super complex with a very long finish, tons of sweet maduro flavors in play, never got harsh. Place this cigar right up on the top shelf, it will give any cigar a run for the money, it's that good."
Crowned Heads La Imperiosa,5 out of 5,Wonder Child,"If San Cristobal and Oliva V had a child together, it would be La Imperiosa. The last half of a S.C. is one of my favorite cigar smoking experiences. La Imperiosa starts off right away very similarly, but it also has that nice, sweet fruity flavor of the V added to it. Great cigar!"
Crowned Heads La Imperiosa,5 out of 5,This is what a great full cigar should be.,This smoke is one of my favorite full cigars. You can't go wrong with this baby but make sure you eat first or are a seasoned cigar smoker. Goes great with a nice single malt.
Crowned Heads La Imperiosa,4 out of 5,Intense and Smooth...,"Truly a full cigar! nice even burn, beautiful white smoke, and consistentl flavors of pepper and leather, with a slight sweetness throughout. heavy on the nicotene so prepare yourself fot the experience. great with Eagle Rare!"
Crowned Heads La Imperiosa,5 out of 5,Flawless,"A truly delicious smoke. La Imperiosa gives you that full, dark flavor but delivers it in the smoothest way possible. One of the smoothest sticks I've ever had."
Crowned Heads La Imperiosa,5 out of 5,Loved the blend in the,Loved the blend in the 2014 Calavaras! Love it in the Imperiosa!
Crowned Heads La Imperiosa,5 out of 5,Outstanding,"Bought one of these at a local B&M, hands down great stick. I would not go for the bigger sizes. It is a bold smoke, spicy, bouquet of flowers, and leather. I will buy a box soon."
Crowned Heads La Imperiosa,5 out of 5,Crown Heads turn.,"One of my favs, couldn't ask for more from a full body smoke."
Crowned Heads La Imperiosa,5 out of 5,Plugged.,I bought a 5 pack and tried one. The draw was so tight It couldn’t be smoked. Ive read great reviews and hoping for the best. Waiting a little longer to try the others
Crowned Heads La Imperiosa,4 out of 5,Not to be overlooked,"A favorite smoke, great flavor, nice oily wrapper with a great pre lit aroma, a treat"
Crowned Heads La Imperiosa,5 out of 5,Excellent,Cigars delivered in excellent condition and arrived sooner than expected. I highly recommend CI. Enjoy!
Crowned Heads La Imperiosa,5 out of 5,Very impressive!!!,"Being a My Father's cigars smoker, a guy from a cigar shop I go to said try this cigar because he ran out of the MF full body cigar. I immediately enjoyed this Crown Heads cigar. It's another cigar brand I added to my humidor. Very smooth cigar!!!!!! J Middleton"
Crowned Heads La Imperiosa,5 out of 5,Try It and Thank Me After,Everything I loved about the Las Calaveras 2014 was found again in the La Imperiosa. The red pepper in the beginning doesn't last very long (which is a good thing) and isn't overpowering as the flavor becomes more complex into a leathery earthiness offering full flavor. I personally taste hints of a chocolatey nuttiness and I love the aftertaste. Definitely one of my regular go-to cigars.
Crowned Heads La Imperiosa,4 out of 5,La Imperiosa Dukes,The entire La Imperiosa line is quite tasty. I will try any cigar from Crowned Heads since they are making top quality cigars. They are gamers.
Crowned Heads La Imperiosa,5 out of 5,Another Gem from Crowned Heads!,"Absolutely fantastic smoke from Crowned Heads. Nice cool smoke, with enough spice on the tongue to let you know its there. Great sticky wrapper and perfectly wrapped."
Crowned Heads La Imperiosa,4 out of 5,Great cigar,Excellent cigar. Great aroma & flavor. A must have.
Crowned Heads La Imperiosa,4 out of 5,Almost there,"The profile is good, but it could be great. This cigar has some real sweet notes, but it spotty from cigar to cigar. I have smoked a few sizes, and the Coronas are tight, and don't draw well. I even had to pitch a couple. But I really like the flavor, so I keep trying them. For the quality, I think they're a little pricey, but not so that I would pass on there."
Crowned Heads La Imperiosa,5 out of 5,Crown worthy,La Imperiosa Crowned Heads will beckon you to enjoy another because you will do just: enjoy. Now I want another one
Crowned Heads Las Calavares EL 2017,5 out of 5,Las Calaveras,One of my best
Crowned Heads Las Mareas,4 out of 5,smooth smoke,smooth smoke
Crowned Heads Las Mareas,4 out of 5,Great,Great
Crowned Heads Las Mareas,3 out of 5,Let it sit and humidify,Not bad could be great. A little to spicy and dry leathery for me. I would recommend letting it sit in your humidor for a week or more. I smoked mine as soon as it arrived and it cracked when I cut it and the smoke was dry and harsh in the beginning.
Crowned Heads Le Careme,5 out of 5,Tasty,"Loved this cigar from beginning to the end.
Has many layers of flavours really enjoyed it!"
Crowned Heads Le Careme,5 out of 5,A Delicious Cigar,"This is a mild delicious cigar. Pairs well with coffee. Great draw, wonderful aromatic notes of chocolate, cinnamon, leather and Cocoa. Nice burn time. I like mine in the morning. Get you a stick and enjoy. 😀"
Crowned Heads Le Careme,5 out of 5,Crowned Heads Le Careme,Exceptional cigar. Great flavors. Perfect burn.
Crowned Heads Le Careme,5 out of 5,Outstanding!,Flavor beyond description.
Crowned Heads Le Careme,5 out of 5,Best Ive had in a while!,"Id never heard of Le Carema but tried it and Im soo glad I did. The cap looked funky ona few but the costruction was otherwise flawless. From first taste I got dark chocolate and creamy nuttiness with some pepper. Perfect! It was complex but consistent. Not much change in flavors as it smoked, but right to the nub this is one of the best Ive had in a while. Nice long finish with sublime rich tobacco flavor. This is a cigar lovers cigar! 5 outta 5!"
Crowned Heads Le Careme,4 out of 5,Le Careme is an excellent,"Le Careme is an excellent cigar and I have never had a bad crowned heads cigar. I do prefer the robusto over the corona. The robust seems to provide smoother, richer experience."
Crowned Heads Le Careme,5 out of 5,Flavor bomb,"I have never experienced so many flavors in one cigar. By far my favorite. If you are a fan of the tabernacle, undercrown, Liga Privada no.9, you are gonna love this"
Crowned Heads Le Careme,3 out of 5,Coastal musings,I have smoked a larger size and thought it was an exceptional cigar. Using my rating system it was a 92 however this smaller size I chose out of curiosity simply is too small to exhibit the blend.
Crowned Heads Le Careme,4 out of 5,Fantastic,Crowned Heads did it again. This cigar is full of flavor with just enough spice to let you know it's there. This could easily be a everyday cigar for me
Cu-Avana Natural,5 out of 5,Wish they were still around,One of my favorites. Too bad they are no longer available. I thought they were a good seller?
Cu-Avana Natural,5 out of 5,Tasty,One of my favorite lite cigars. Sad that you are discounting them!!
Cu-Avana Natural,5 out of 5,GREAT CIGAR!,The Cu-Avana Natural Churchill's were excellent and at a very good price. CI RULES!!
Cu-Avana Natural,4 out of 5,Strictly Quality,"This is a very good smoke. Burns evenly, well constructed with a smooth draw and mellow without being boring. The price right too. I recommend it."
Cu-Avana Natural,5 out of 5,Cu-Avana,This Cu-Avana is well build & very mild cigar.I been enjoying it almost over 20 years.
Cu-Avana Natural,5 out of 5,My first choice for a mild smoke.,"Smooth, burns evenly, and is reasonably priced."
Cu-Avana Natural,4 out of 5,Good Cigar for the Price,"Nice smooth cigar, easy draw and mellow taste."
Cu-Avana Natural,4 out of 5,A nice mellow smoke,A nice mellow smoke
Cu-Avana Natural,4 out of 5,First time smoker,Enjoyed this one. Still learning the ins and outs of cigar smoking but it did have a pleasant aftertaste and a good draw. My son also liked this one. Will probably buy again in the future.
Cu-Avana Natural,1 out of 5,Not Good....,"I was not a fan of this cigar. Flavors tasted of cardboard and straw and hay...not pleasant at all. I couldn't get passed the first third of the cigar. I did not detect any creaminess or sweetness...the lemony flavor tasted bitter and fake, only to make the barnyard flavors even worst. Will not buy again."
Cu-Avana Punisher,5 out of 5,Outstanding!!!,The bite it gives before you light it has attracted quite a few cigar smokers. The full bodied flavor is consistent front to back.
Cu-Avana Punisher,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,The pepper on the wrapper is only the beginning of the flavors that are wrapped up in this cigar. Love it! It keeps the flavor the whole way through to the end.
Cu-Avana Punisher,5 out of 5,Amazing,Wow....y’all are right...not for the faint of heart.....what is in this that makes it hot at the start.?
Cu-Avana Punisher,4 out of 5,spicey,I loved the pepper in this cigar made my lip burn at first. I Love a strong cigar and I am not sure this is the strongest cigar around like some say but it is a solid smoke with lots of spice. I smoke strong cigars everyday so maybe thats why it did not seem as overpowering as some had said. I will smoke more of these in the future and would recommend them to anyone who enjoys spice . if you are not a fan of spice these are not for you
Cu-Avana Punisher,5 out of 5,Good smoke,"I'm on my third order. After you get used to the pepper, they're a good medium cigar."
Cu-Avana Punisher,5 out of 5,Great smoke with an amazing,Great smoke with an amazing spice all the way through the stick.If I had to smoke just one cigar this is the one I would choose.
Cu-Avana Punisher,4 out of 5,Feel The Burn,I have thoroughly enjoyed these since I stumbled upon them several years ago. Delicious flavor while leaving a nice spice to the lips and tongue. So happy that they decided to get rid of all the unnecessary packaging. Now I can get a full 20 count for what I used to pay for 13 sticks. Keep these coming and I'll keep smoking them.
Cu-Avana Punisher,5 out of 5,Great,My favorite cigar. More wraps the better.
Cu-Avana Punisher,5 out of 5,Good and spicy,"I read the reviews and decided that i needed to try these. I am glad that I did. They do have a bit of a peppery taste and they make the lips tingle, but it is not bad. That tingling sensation reminded me of eating hot wings, but the flavor of the cigar was very full and rich and it continues to improve as you smoke it. Definitely worth it."
Cu-Avana Punisher,3 out of 5,Punisher,Flavor has changed drastically. Not the same as when they first were marketed.
Cu-Avana Punisher,5 out of 5,Tasty,I love the Punisher. Leaves my lips numb. Add it to the monthly magazine
Cu-Avana Punisher,3 out of 5,Not the same,"Punishers used to be one of my favorite smokes. The last three batches I have ordered have been very mild compared to when they first came out years ago. They are still very smokeable but a far cry from ""punishing"". I will still keep ordering them, maybe cu-avana will kick it up a notch again!"
Cu-Avana Punisher,4 out of 5,Punisher,Good cigar smoked well thought it would be stronger
Cu-Avana Punisher,5 out of 5,Puisher,Great cigar
Cu-Avana Punisher,5 out of 5,Not For the Faint of Heart!,"The Punisher series provides a very strong, peppery experience that should only be undertaken if you are ready for some serious spice! I really like these smokes but I am careful to only light one up when I am prepared to deal with their intense strength."
Cu-Avana Punisher,5 out of 5,"If you haven't tried these, you're insane!","What a well constructed cigar! I don't have to worry about dropping the ash off this cigar on myself because it just doesn't fall off until you're almost done. Once your lips cool off get ready for a solid, bold, and insanely consistent smoke. This is my new favorite smoke. After tasing this, I just can't smoke anything else. It kinda ruined cigars for me because now nothing else compares.
If you want to enjoy various cigars, don't buy this because once you try it, you won't want to smoke anything else. (Assuming you can handle smoking this little nuclear bomb of a cigar)"
Cu-Avana Punisher,4 out of 5,Great cigar strong and tasty,Great cigar strong and tasty
Cu-Avana Punisher,5 out of 5,Cu-Avana Punisher,I like it a lot
Cu-Avana Punisher,5 out of 5,Best Stick,"These are by far my favorite stick, been smoking them for years now. Always try to keep a few on reserve. Nothing else I've found has such a full body along with that spicy kick."
Cu-Avana Punisher,5 out of 5,Love the PVNISHERS!!!!,EXCELLENT CIGAR AND SERVICE
Cu-Avana Punisher,4 out of 5,Very good has a bite,Very good has a bite to them
Cu-Avana Punisher,2 out of 5,unpunished,"Long time fan, but this last batch had none of the kick I am used to from past smokes. The peppery feeling when lighting up was there..
But faded fast, no staying power, so without that unique feature you are left with a boring ,quite mediocre smoke"
Cu-Avana Punisher,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Not an every day stick for me but great for change or as the second smoke of a longer evening. Love the bite of the initial spice as it then settles into slow full bodied smoke
Cu-Avana Punisher,3 out of 5,A little misleading...,"While the wrapper promises the spice , the blend is a little towards sweet and mild. Even after finishing it, you still feel the need for a smoke that’s a little more in the body department. Construction is good, but there just seems to be a disconnect between spice of wrapper and strength of filler. To be honest the original punishers were fuller bodied and these reproductions aren’t made with the same tobaccos. The Plasencia’s make good cigars, but these just fall short of there usual offerings."
Cu-Avana Punisher,4 out of 5,The punished,Don't let the name or reviews scare you away from this cigar. If you're a fan of full bodied cigars like I am you'll love this cigar. The wrapper does carry a mild burn on the first contact but don't let that fool you. Great flavor profile through out the burn from start to finish. Always a fave for me.
Cu-Avana Punisher,5 out of 5,I've Been Punished,"It took 10 minutes for my lips to stop tingling. After that, I settled into a very strong smoke with lots of spice. An excellent cigar for people who love a full body cigar."
Cu-Avana Punisher,4 out of 5,It's a punisher.,"The first 10 minutes is like smoking a jalapeno. After that, it settles down to a fairly mild cigar."
Cu-Avana Punisher,5 out of 5,Punch me in the mouth,fantastic cigar. wakes me right up at first few puffs with a smack of pepper then eases back into the Cu-Avana of old (Intenso anyone?)
Cu-Avana Punisher,5 out of 5,STRONG,Definitely not for beginners! My go-to hour and a half long-ash cigar. Buckle-up before you light it!
Cu-Avana Punisher,4 out of 5,Cu-Avana Punisher Toro,"I like these cigars, but they are not for everybody. Very strong, a nice smoke, if that's what you want. They taste as though they are dipped in cayenne. This spiciness can be an annoyance, if you're not ready for it. It dissipates in a few minutes, and the remainder of the smoke is quite rewarding."
Cu-Avana Punisher,5 out of 5,Hot and spicy. Definitely different.,Hot and spicy. Definitely different.
Cu-Avana Punisher,3 out of 5,"Punisher, for the first few minutes..","So much spice off the cold draw and first 10 or so minutes but after turns into a surprisingly good smoke. I actually enjoyed the spice but some may find it over powering, my friend asked me if it had been dipped in jalapenos! :)"
Cu-Avana Punisher,5 out of 5,Be ready for the heat!,I've had these many times before and again was not let down. The pepper almost overwhelms you but if you can last through the first half you'll be well rewarded.
Cu-Avana Punisher,4 out of 5,lip burner,"These burn your lips most of the stick due 2 being dipped in some hot substance,but overall it is still a good smoke if you can tolerate the small fire on your lips"
Cu-Avana Punisher,5 out of 5,"""That's a sum a speecy spicy ceegar""",I am a regular cigar smoker. I like stronger cigars. This one caught me by surprise.
Cu-Avana Punisher,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,This will spice up your day really good. You can smell the pepper before lighting up. Your lips will burn to the halfway point. Lol. The smoke is really pleasant. Good burn and keeps a nice long ash. Taste is very smooth. Will buy more
Cu-Avana Punisher,5 out of 5,Hot like fire . i Loved it .,I wish I had stoked up more! Punish your palate if you are not ready for it !!
Cu-Avana Punisher,4 out of 5,Spicy and Smooth,"great taste and spice, very smooth but a bad burn on most in the pack of 10."
Cu-Avana Punisher,1 out of 5,Disappointed...,I’ve had the punisher in the past and I loved it. It was spicey and flavorful. I haven’t bought any since 2013. I’ve been waiting the last three months for the punisher to be back in stock. This batch of punishers that I just ordered is like like fruit stripes gum. Good flavor for all of 30 seconds and then just bland and annoying afterwards. I am so disappointed.
Cu-Avana Punisher,5 out of 5,Absolutely love the punisher cigars.,"Absolutely love the punisher cigars. If you like to spice up your life, that's the way to do it!"
Cu-Avana Punisher,5 out of 5,Awesome is all i can say!!!!!,As always from CI top quality an shipping...the punisher is incredible from start to finish!!!
Cu-Avana Punisher,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,This cigar was a experience. I m new to the cigar world and was suggested this cigar by a friend when we got to discussing spicy food. The cigar has a great spicy taste with good burn to it. I would definitely suggest this to any level of cigar smoker new to experienced as long as you enjoy spicy or heavy flavor notes.
Cu-Avana Punisher,5 out of 5,The best,"Not just spicy, nothing short of awesome!"
Cuba Aliados Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Christmas in July,"I received my box of Cuba Aliados Cabinet Selection torpedoes just in time for the 4th of July. As I watched a legendary and memorable display of fireworks going off EVERYWHERE, I smoked my first one of theses delightful Honduran puros. To my pleasant surprise, they tasted great fresh out of the box. As in...no humidor time needed. I have had MANY Central American cigars that didn't taste right until they had been in my humidor for several months. None of that here.
The cigar starts out with some some lovely white pepper notes. I am a big fan of complex cigars, and pepper is one of my favorite elements in a cigar's flavor profile. This stick really delivers. The pepper blast doesnt last long...maybe 15 minutes or so. But, it definitely gets your attention. Then it fades into the background and a subtle baking spice starts to develop. Not cinnamon or ginger, but...star anise and a hint of cloves. Mmmm, very nice! After the first third, the baking spice faded away and I started getting a nice refined leather. Not like chewing on a baseball glove, mind you. More like the pleasant aroma of Italian leather. Like, when you buy your lady one of those overpriced handbags. Not Coach, or LV...oh no, she wants Prada! YIKES! Talk about sticker shock! THAT kind of leather. The really expensive stuff. But I digress...
The last third of the cigar reveals some rich coffee notes added to this happy parade of flavors. Then, what's this? A slowly rising strength...not enough to make me pace myself, or reach for something sweet to help me metabolize the nicotine. No crash helmet needed. Just a very pleasant cigar buzz. I am a happy boy!
The only thing wrong with this box of cigars is that there are not enough of them. Only 10 to a box. So, within a week or so, I got on the horn and gave the boys in Bethlehem, PA a jingle. Need another box of these...PRONTO! Like, priority shipping!
Seriously, guys...you can't go wrong here. A great cigar at a very reasonable price. It's a no brainer."
Cuba Aliados Cabinet Selection,4 out of 5,Good everyday smoke from start,Good everyday smoke from start to finish- inexpensive cigar but full bodied flavor of chocolate and spices.
Cuba Aliados Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Great little cigar,"Surprisingly good. Got them for free during a promo and expected them to be bottom of the barrel, but man was I wrong. These are some of my favorite smokes now. Definitely worth a shot"
Cuba Aliados Cabinet Selection,4 out of 5,Enjoyable,Nice cigar and waiting for a sale on this item. Enjoyed the samples.
Cuba Aliados Cabinet Selection,4 out of 5,Good cigar!,Good cigar!
Cuba Aliados Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
Cuba Aliados Cabinet Selection,4 out of 5,Aliases cabinet robusto,I got 5 of these on acid promo tried smoking one right out of the package it was rolled so tight it was like trying to drink a shake through a small straw even after poking a golf tee in it and it lost it's cap and started to unravel so I sweetened the caps of the rest of them and put them a humidor with a lot of distilled water for a day and a half. I tried one this morning and they are great smokes. Sweetness enhanced it and flavor poured out of it. I hope the rest of them are the same.
Cuba Aliados Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Suprise,"Very flavorful, but not harsh. Burns evenly,with an easy draw. Not much to dislike with this one. Recommend for every day smoke."
Cuba Aliados Cabinet Selection,4 out of 5,Great construction and taste.,Great construction and taste.
Cuba Aliados Cabinet Selection,4 out of 5,Solid smoke,"I thoroughly enjoyed the few I have tried. On a sale, I'd buy again."
Cuba Aliados Cabinet Selection,3 out of 5,"Good Flavor, Inconsistent Construction","Bought these on on of CI's great sales. Good flavor. Good draw. The construction is the wildcard. The wrapper likes to unravel, and the burn can be raggedy, so they can require some work while you are smoking them. I bought two bundles of 10 and one has a sweet cap and the other doesn't. I kinda like the sweet cap. Anyway, with some effort, you'll get an enjoyable cigar. IMHO these are great knockarounds. Pick some up on sale and give them a try."
Cuba Aliados Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Rolando Reyes Sr. Rocks,"These are excellent burning, eventful and tasty.
Rolando's blends never fail to please"
Cuba Aliados Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,I liked,"I am letting them age for even more flavor, but part is I am saving these as I really liked them. I have about 500 sticks, and these are in my top 10 at the moment."
Cuba Aliados Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Good medium body smoke enjoyed.,Good medium body smoke enjoyed.
Cuba Aliados Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Great cigar for the price,This is a good cigar clean even burn.
Cuba Aliados Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Fine cigar,Fine cigar
Cuba Aliados Cabinet Selection,4 out of 5,Good stick for the price,Good stick for the price
Cuba Aliados Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Cuba Aliados Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Good affordable smoke,For the price I paid for these sticks they smoked pretty great. Would recommend if you want to a buy a box of smokes.
Cuba Aliados Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Champeons,Nice smoke
Cuba Aliados Cabinet Selection,4 out of 5,Smooth full bodied cigar,Smooth full bodied cigar
Cuba Aliados Cabinet Selection,4 out of 5,"Excellent, but...","These cigars burn very well, they are a bit dark for me, that is why I am giving them a 3 star, not because of quality, they are 5 star quality, but I just don't like the dark-ness of these cigars, I am more in the middle with that type of cigar, would I recommend these? Yes I would, if that is what the person likes. Again, I am smoking them, and had a couple already, and maybe I will grow to like this type of cigar. Again, quality...5 Stars!"
Cuba Aliados Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke good price!
Cuba Aliados Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Cuba Aliados Cabinet Selection Torpedo,Great everyday smoke
Cuba Aliados Cabinet Selection,4 out of 5,Better than the original,Better and fuller flavor than the original. Very nice and good price.
Cuba Aliados Cabinet Selection,4 out of 5,Very good but Not the same as the 83rd Anniversary Edition,I have to age these a bit and let them dry out too. I received them and the first stick was a little tight on the roll and wouldn't draw correctly but I also think they were a little over humidified b/c I let a few sticks sit out for 2 weeks and and burned a lot better. I bought these b/c everyone recommended them as I was trying to hunt down a Cuba Aliados 83rd Anniversary Limited Edition which were 5 stars in my book. They're a good stick & you won't be disappointed but can't give a proper review until they age/dry out a bit properly.
Cuba Aliados Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,I need more of these.,"I am a Gurkha fan and I prefer dark cigars. I decided to give this different cigar a try. Well this was my first ""Cuban"" cigar. The best cigar I've had! I need more room in the humidor and then I will order many more of these. I got the little Robusto version. A truly clean smoke, even burn, and beautiful flavored masterpiece."
Cuba Aliados Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Great first experience,Love ur samplers great prices and has everything I was looking for.
Cuba Aliados Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Decadent Delight !!!,"This Rolando Reyes, Sr. Swan Song Has Everything You Would Expect From A Great Cigar."
Cuba Aliados Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,cigars,will buy more of these cigars in the future
Cuba Aliados Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,awsome cigars,awsome cigars will buy more
Cuba Aliados Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Exellent,Not for beginners!! great smoke!!!!
Cuba Aliados Cabinet Selection,4 out of 5,Let them rest for a week.,"Had one right on arrival was a decent smoke. Just finish having to in the last few days, EXCELLENT!!!. Just give 'em a week or 4 in the humi and they should be realdy to GO."
Cuba Aliados Maduro,5 out of 5,Quality service,Cigars international has top quality and prompt service .
Cuba Aliados Maduro,4 out of 5,Cuba Aliados Maduro,"They were okay, but they did keep going out. I probably wouldn’t order them again"
Cuba Aliados Maduro,5 out of 5,Awesome smoke,Great smoke. Loved these back in the day and very glad I found them again.
Cuba Aliados Maduro,5 out of 5,best smoke ever,"Very tasty full flavor
If there was an 11 that would be Its rating
Will deffenatly buy again"
Cuba Aliados Maduro,5 out of 5,A good smoke,A good cigar good draw good favor uniform construction good to the end.
Cuba Aliados Maduro,5 out of 5,best kept secret,These were a wonderful suprize
Cuba Libre,5 out of 5,Cuba Libre Indeed,"Both my Clients & Cuban Father love, love these Cigar Jewels!"
Cuba Libre,5 out of 5,One of my favorites,Pure awesomeness.
Cuba Libre,4 out of 5,Cuba Libre,It’s one of my favorite cigars.
Cuba Libre,3 out of 5,"Not a bad cigar, just","Not a bad cigar, just stronger than I usually prefer. They burned evenly and exceptionally well!"
Cuba Libre,4 out of 5,really good value for this,really good value for this smoke
Cuba Libre,5 out of 5,Nice and easy to smoke.,Nice and easy to smoke.
Cuba Libre,4 out of 5,Great cigar for afternoon leisure.,Great cigar for afternoon leisure.
Cuba Libre,5 out of 5,very satisfied,very satisfied
Cuba Libre,5 out of 5,Great short smoke,Not too big just right for a short satisfied smoke. Got a little of a sweet taste
Cuba Libre,4 out of 5,Smooth from the time you,"Smooth from the time you lite up , until it's time to put it out."
Cuba Libre,4 out of 5,One of my favorites look,One of my favorites look fo
Cuba Libre,5 out of 5,Very Good Smokes,I am enjoying these nice cigars they’re smooth and very good
Cuba Libre,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke ! Lots of,Excellent smoke ! Lots of flavor !
Cuba Libre,5 out of 5,The Brute,Nice mild flavor excellent even burn
Cuba Libre,5 out of 5,Smooth!,Nice smoke BBQing or just enjoying on patio with friends!
Cuba Libre,5 out of 5,Smooth and Tasty,I like Oliva Nub so I decided to try these Cuba Libre Brute bundles were on sale with free shipping and a nice lighter. I am very happy. They are ready to smoke after a week in the humidor and should get even better with age. It's a large ring so make sure to give it a proper lighting. The construction burn and draw all good. It is medium strength and very smooth. Tasty flavors of nut cocoa coffee and spice. Try these you will like them.
Cuba Libre,5 out of 5,"Good cigar, the silver label is better",Solid smoke
Cuba Libre,5 out of 5,Great smoke.,Very underrated cigar. This is always my go-to to keep stocked in my humidor. Fantastic smokes don't come at this price.
Cuba Libre,5 out of 5,Not bad at all. Interesting,"Magnum size cigar is good constructed, little bit soft on the touch. Burns even, very easy draw, and burns on the hot side, so make sure you rest cigar. Very nice tasty tabacco flavor, greenish taste, some pleasant earthiness, some nuts, medium body, nice long finish. Little bit tannins coming, kinda interesting dryness. Have some coffee ready( with milk) , or bourbon on rocks."
Cuba Libre,4 out of 5,as always a good smoke,as always a good smoke .
Cuba Libre,5 out of 5,Smooth,Best cigar for the money
Cuba Libre,5 out of 5,They are good,A lot more than I expected at that price. I smoked most of them and they all burned well. With a fat cigar that is not always the case. I will be buying them again
Cuba Libre,5 out of 5,Excellent,"I love these cigars. Smooth, medium bodied and priced Right. Great cigar for the money."
Cuba Libre,5 out of 5,Cuba libre,These cigars are pretty tasty and for the price well worth it!!
Cuba Libre,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Great Cigar
Cuba Libre,4 out of 5,Cuba Libre Epicure,"A delicious, satisfying smoke."
Cuba Libre,5 out of 5,Big sticks!,Can’t beat these to stick up the humidor. Well built and great for the price
Cuba Libre,4 out of 5,"Nice every day cigar, burns","Nice every day cigar, burns evenly"
Cuba Libre,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Cuba Libre,4 out of 5,"Great smoke, wish they would","Great smoke, wish they would not press them"
Cuba Libre,4 out of 5,Really good mild taste I,Really good mild taste I really enjoyed them
Cuba Libre,4 out of 5,Enjoyable,Enjoyable
Cuba Libre,5 out of 5,Beautiful Brute,"slow burn, long lasting, great flavor until the end"
Cuba Libre,5 out of 5,The Brute-Yes!,"Great draw,fabulous flavor. Medium,complex and well constructed. Always in my humidor and perfect for all times of day."
Cuba Libre,4 out of 5,"Good, basic stoge","Good, basic stoge"
Cuba Libre,5 out of 5,Awesome box press 60,once again CI does not fail..very nice 4 x60 box press..excellent burn and taste
Cuba Libre,5 out of 5,Great Cigars,Great cigar for the money.
Cuba Libre,4 out of 5,Nice short smoke,Perfect for a quick smoke. Smooth and tasty
Cuba Libre,5 out of 5,An absolute winner in my book!,"I do not normally give out 5/5 reviews but the quality of this cigar is remarkable considering it’s price point!
Has a constant unique sweetness to it that is dominant but underneath that, is a lot of other tasty notes that runs the gamut. And that’s just the flavor profile...
As for the construction? Awesome. The draw? Excellent! Have not had to use a draw poker on a single one yet.
Granted, this isn’t a high end cigar, it won’t win any awards, but what it is, is a SOLID, reliable price performer. Undoubtedly a new staple in my humidor."
Cuba Libre,3 out of 5,Review,It's a okay cigar
Cuba Libre,4 out of 5,Satisfying Smoke,Well balanced mellow smoke. The draw changed from stick to stick but never too light or too hard to pull.Good everyday cigar.
Cuba Libre,5 out of 5,Cuba Libre Carona,First time I've smoked these beauties. Very smooth and flavorful. To me i tasted a hint of chocolate. Excellent cigar with my coffee in the morning. Love these well crafted smokes.
Cuba Libre,5 out of 5,Short and stout,"Short, thick and beefy. Let these rest several weeks and they are wonderful."
Cuba Libre,4 out of 5,Great Smoke,I really enjoy my Cuba libre
Cuba Libre,5 out of 5,Good choice for a smaller cigar.,"Consistently good roll, box pressed, good size for cold weather when you can't be outside for 1 1/2 hours."
Cuba Libre,5 out of 5,Great cigar for anytime but,Great cigar for anytime but really great on the golf course!
Cuba Libre,5 out of 5,Outstanding stick,Burns and taste like a very expensive cigar. A definite favorite.
Cuba Libre,5 out of 5,a,very smooth
Cuba Libre,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,"Great taste, draw and well worth the money. I always keep these on hand."
Cuba Libre,4 out of 5,Will buy again and again,Well built....great flavor packed into a small package!
Cuba Libre One,5 out of 5,Great stick,Great for the price and would recommend to anyone.
Cuba Libre One,4 out of 5,Cubra Libre One Toro,"Decent cigar but not as firmly packed as their ""Brute"" model. This cigar is a bit spongy & burns faster."
Cuba Libre One,4 out of 5,Cuba libre,One of my favorite brands! Always a good smooth smoke!
Cuba Libre One,4 out of 5,Good Cigar,This is a very good cigar at a good price. I shall buy more.
Cuba Libre One,5 out of 5,Solid cigar,Solid cigar
Cuba Libre One,4 out of 5,Very good,Very good
Cuba Libre One,4 out of 5,Good,Good
Cuba Libre One,4 out of 5,Nice smoke,I have enjoyed these cigars
Cuba Libre One,5 out of 5,One of my favorites,I love these. Great taste. Great price.
Cuba Libre One,4 out of 5,Great choice for the $,Great stick....
Cuba Libre One,5 out of 5,Love them,Love them
Cuba Libre One,5 out of 5,Great cigar,I usually by Cuba Libre One Bruts. But I couldn’t buy them because they are 30+ days out. So I bought this cigar and it’s as good as the Bruts. Easy draw and an even burn. Great taste. Every time I go out in public and smoke one of these guys ask what I’m smoking because they smell so good. No matter what size you buy they are great.
Cuba Libre One,4 out of 5,Review Cuba Libre,Good Cigar for the money. Medium to mild with good draw.
Cuba Libre One,5 out of 5,Phenomenal Smoke at an Incredible Price!,"A low-cost stick that provides a high-end smoke! There's no better value to be found on CI PERIOD!! Great burn, great flavors and just a pleasurable cigar from beginning to end. Would highly recommend this over others cigars three times the price."
Cuba Libre One,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar! Not for the average smoker!,"A full-bodied stick, not for the average smoker! Tight with excellent draw and even burn. Starts spicy, progresses into a tobacco sweetness about 1/4 way down, smokes smooth and rich to the end with a heady finish. Take your time with this enjoyably potent cigar!
P.S. - this was a ""first time"" purchase experiment due to availability of my regular brand. Sometimes, you just have to dive in off of the high tower, right? :)"
Cuba Libre One,5 out of 5,good cigar. good price,This was a good deal and a nice smoke
Cuba Libre One,5 out of 5,“One”,"I love these cigars. They are big and bold and I like the ring size. I’ve ordered these many, many times and will always order again. When I can get them for 40 bucks a bundle, I’m beyond pleased. I also had an online order problem, so I called and the young woman who assisted me was wonderfully pleasant and very helpful in fixing the issue."
Cuba Libre One,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar for the price.,Excellent cigar for the price.
Cuba Libre One,5 out of 5,Cuba Libre One,"Any size or type, One of my favorite cigars, always burns nice and smooth tasting!"
Cuba Libre One,4 out of 5,go for it GREAT,as a 6x60 stick smoker .I got to say this little one is GREAT !
Cuba Libre One,5 out of 5,LuckyMan Approved,"Cuba Libre One - The Brute is my go-to cigar. I’ve been enjoying cigars for over 20 years, I’ve smoked everything from Cuban Cohibas to Swishers Sweets, and through all of my exploration this is my hands down favorite. I’d gladly pay 4 or 5 times the asking price if I had to, luckily these gems are priced for anyone’s budget. Not only are these some great tasting, mouth watering, smooth burning sticks, they are also apparently well taken by people around me. I always get compliments on good they’re aroma is. All in all, a great smoke. LuckyMan Approved"
Cuba Libre One,5 out of 5,Great Cigar!,"Rich, even burn, that stays cool down to the very end."
Cuba Libre One,5 out of 5,Nice cigars,Nice cigars
Cuba Libre One,5 out of 5,Good everyday smoke,Good everyday smoke
Cuba Libre One,4 out of 5,One of the best cigars,One of the best cigars you’ll ever find for the price.
Cuba Libre One,5 out of 5,Perfect,"This is one of the best cigars i have purchased. Burns even, long and stays together. Looking forward to the next sale."
Cuba Libre One,5 out of 5,The little Brute,"I really like this short fat guys, also perfect up here in mass. In the winter, for a short smoke when it's cold outside, 30--40 mins , taste is really decent, rolled great, smoked great ,excellent value, will purchase again, thanks CJ,"
Cuba Libre One,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,"Cruelly a Great Smoke. Rich flavor, tight wrap and long lasting."
Cuba Libre One,4 out of 5,Nice,I enjoy these. Good flavor.
Cuba Libre One,4 out of 5,Great cigar,Very smooth full cigar. I have shared it with others and all positive reviews.
Cuba Libre One,5 out of 5,Nice dark heavy flavor,Nice dark heavy flavor
Cuba Libre One,4 out of 5,GREAT LITTLE FATTIE,Great little fattie. Not faint at heart full bodied. Great construction.
Cuba Libre One,4 out of 5,Good cigars,"These cigars have a great flavor and burn very well, except for one of them. However they are good cigars👍"
Cuba Libre One,5 out of 5,Tasty lil stogies.,"A customer introduced me to this stogie. I love the flavor and draw of this cigar. Has become a favorite of mine. And I’m a Montecristo guy, so that’s saying something."
Cuba Libre One,5 out of 5,You will NOT be disappointed,Very good cigar. Burned even. Smoked it all the way through.
Cuba Libre One,5 out of 5,one of the best i tried so far,good smokes
Cuba Libre One,5 out of 5,Cuba Libre One,"These are the best cigars I have ever smoked! They burn well, have a consistent blend and are just my overall favorite cigar."
Cuba Libre One,5 out of 5,Good taste.,"Robusto, good constructed, easy draw, burns even. Medium to full body and medium finish, spices comes in first third , then get balanced with dark roasts ,oaky and nice taste of earthiness. Very descent cigar for money. Go ahead try one."
Cuba Libre One,5 out of 5,Super short smokes,Really enjoy this cigar. I’ve passed some to friends and they have given thumbs up.
Cuba Libre One,5 out of 5,Good—- very well worth the,Good—- very well worth the price
Cuba Libre One,5 out of 5,excellent,excellent and easily draw cigar!!!
Cuba Libre One,5 out of 5,#1 Every day cigar.,"When you want a great smoke, but don't have the time. This is the one for it's taste and price."
Cuba Libre One,4 out of 5,Cuba Libre One,"Definitely not my favorite, but can tolerate."
Cuba Libre One,5 out of 5,This cigar is the bomb,"This is amazing powerhouse of a cigar with very interesting smells and flavors. Right away I noticed herbal /floral notes something similar to rose. Coffee, wood a spicy and deep dark tobacco scents were also present and this was before lighting. Lighting this cigar produced the same scents but in a more concentrated ""toasted"" aroma and taste. My mouth and lips were tingling from the spiciness as well as coated in a wonderful oily feeling the smoke was thick , heavy and plentiful. My package came before I left for work so I naturally took it with me to open and have one on my lunch break to try. I barely got through the first quarter before people were sniffing the air around me and commenting on how awesome it smelled. I like to share with friends and ended up leaving that night with only 12 left! The next day they all were asking if they could but the rest from me!!! Great cigar."
Cuba Libre One,5 out of 5,Awesome,Awesome
Cuba Libre One,5 out of 5,Love it,Great priced stronger under appreciated cigar
Cuba Libre One,5 out of 5,Best shorty!,"Best shorty for the money, bar none. Smooth but tasty smoke waiting for grill to come to temp!"
Cuba Libre One,5 out of 5,Fat little beast and a great smoke,Amazing price on these as well. It does pack a punch but the out come is a really enjoyable smoke
Cuba Libre One,3 out of 5,Pretty average,"Bought it based on previous reviews. Unfortunately, the Robusto wasn't great. It burns OK but has a noticeable bitter taste. It's piled up in my humidor as I've been smoking others. Unlikely to order it again as there are much better smokes for the same cost."
Cuba Libre One,4 out of 5,Cuba libre,"A great smoke, great draw long lasting, great flavor"
Cuban Aristocrat Connecticut,5 out of 5,Very Nice,"Great cigar for the $. Smooth and burned evenly, always a good go-to cigar"
Cuban Aristocrat Connecticut,4 out of 5,Let them rest,"After resting in my humidor these burned well, had good smoke out put and a good flavor."
Cuban Aristocrat Connecticut,5 out of 5,Very good for the price!!,Very good for the price!!
Cuban Aristocrat Connecticut,5 out of 5,"If you like 'em mild, this should make you very happy!",A mild and creamy smoke. Perfect for early morning with a latte or late at night with a brandy. Inexpensive for such an impressive cigar.
Cuban Aristocrat Connecticut,4 out of 5,THE ARISTOCRAT,VERY NICE SMOOTH CIGAR SO GLAD I FOUND THEM
Cuban Aristocrat Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good affordable stick,"Got a decent price on the box so I ordered it. Wasn't disappointed. I use this as an out and about smoke golfing, yard work things li KI e that."
Cuban Aristocrat Connecticut,5 out of 5,I like it!,I like it!
Cuban Aristocrat Connecticut,5 out of 5,i will get me a nother one i get the money thanks,it is hard to find the filters here for the pipe but i do love it. thanks
Cuban Aristocrat Connecticut,5 out of 5,Recommended.,Smooth and flavorful. Burns evenly and emits a ton of smoke. I bought a 5 pack to try and I love them. Going for the box. Inexpensive enough to smoke every day.
Cuban Aristocrat Connecticut,5 out of 5,Mild and aromatic!,Nice cigar.
Cuban Aristocrat Connecticut,5 out of 5,A great anytime of the day cigar,"Love these Cuban Aristocrat cigars. I had been smoking the CA habanas and enjoying the smooth peppery finish in the evenings with some bourbon. These Connecticuts, however, are great anytime of the day. They've got a great, smooth taste and burn very nicely. I've always got them in my humidor."
Cuban Aristocrat Habano,5 out of 5,Great smoke,All I can say is delicious.
Cuban Aristocrat Habano,4 out of 5,Cuban Aristocrat Habano Churchill,This is a good cigar to sit down and relax with. The taste is satisfying and you definitely look forward to the next one! The burn is even and smooth. You can taste the earthy flavors that last all the way to the end. It won't burn your tongue if you smoke it down as far as you can. Give them a try for yourself. This is money well spent as this cigar is worth your time and attention. Have fun and enjoy your Cuban Aristocrat Habano Churchill! You'll be glad you did. 😎
Cuban Aristocrat Habano,5 out of 5,Very good smoke,"Mild smoke
I like the length-tried cutter 2 blade and hole cutter- like these with more flow using the the 2 blade"
Cuban Aristocrat Habano,4 out of 5,very smooth an light,very smooth an light
Cuban Aristocrat Habano,4 out of 5,Cuban habano aristocrat churchil,Good smoke but not the best
Cuban Aristocrat Habano,3 out of 5,Ok smoke,Taste is good but tough draw
Cuban Aristocrat Habano,5 out of 5,Aristocrati awesome,"I really enjoy this cigar, couldn't wait so I had one as soon as the arrived. The are getting even better now in the humi."
Cuban Aristocrat Habano,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Cuban Aristocrat Habano,2 out of 5,If you like putting a lot of effort into smoking your cigar !!! This one is for you,"Draw is horrible, burn is uneven, constantly relight (Flavor is ok). If you like putting a lot of work and effort into smoking your cigar this one is for you"
Cuban Aristocrat Habano,3 out of 5,Doesn't measure up,"Not sure where the undertones of cocoa were or the sweetness. There was some coffee notes, a bit of hay and not much else. On the retro-hale there was the cayenne pepper notes but not otherwise noticeable. A rather plain cigar for a habano. They need to tune the blend or aging.
Draw was fine, burn was even, not a horrible cigar just lackluster mostly."
Cuban Aristocrat Habano,3 out of 5,Cuban Aristocrat Habano Robusto,"I bought a five-pack. A couple of them had pretty tight draws. Nice tasting cigar, though."
Cuban Aristocrat Habano,3 out of 5,Maybe a problem batch?,"The taste is very nice, what you would expect from a Habano. Now, here's the problems I had: hard draw, uneven burn and constant relighting. I don't play that game. So, I won't be venturing their way again."
Cuban Aristocrat Habano,5 out of 5,My first Cuban Aristocrat Habano Churchill,"Great smoke, will buy again... Smooth taste and a slight peppery after taste."
Cuban Aristocrat Habano,5 out of 5,First time buyer,"Being as I am a beginner of handmade sticks, these are the smoothest cigar I have ever had. I may need to buy a box or 2......"
Cuban Aristocrat Habano,5 out of 5,Bought a 5 pack. Will be getting a 20 box next.,"Bought a 5 pack; will be getting a 20 box next. Very enjoyable. Slow and even burn, smooth medium body that stays consistent throughout. Faint, sweet undertones of chocolate and peppery spice. The robusto is the perfect size for me and the habano wrapper is delicious. This is a gem of a cigar. Going to turn my friends on to it. And the price, of course, is absolutely terrific!"
Cuban Aristocrat Maduro,4 out of 5,Smooth & well constructed,A bit to light for my tastes but overall a well built cigar
Cuban Aristocrat Maduro,5 out of 5,Cigar Lover,Cuban Aristocrat's Madura is one heck of a good cigar nice and tasty and the price is great for such a good cigar..
Cuban Aristocrat Maduro,4 out of 5,Quality,I appreciate your easy order and delivery.
Cuban Aristocrat Maduro,4 out of 5,Nice Smoke,Has a distinct cream taste on immediate inhale that I like and follows with a light spice that lingers. Quite pleasing for its price.
Cuban Aristocrat Maduro,5 out of 5,Cigar Lover,Love the taste and the burn is smooth. Been keeping these in my humidor full time. Love CI 's service and prices.
Cuban Aristocrat Maduro,5 out of 5,First time I tried these.,First time I tried these. They're pretty good.
Cuban Aristocrat Maduro,5 out of 5,Very smooth,Very smooth
Cuban Classics Maduro,4 out of 5,Great Cigar,I really loved these cigars and ya can’t beat the price. Wonderful flavor!
Cuban Classics Maduro,5 out of 5,Awesome Smoke,Really enjoyed this cigar
Cuban Classics Maduro,5 out of 5,Smooth and a good size,Really enjoyed these
Cuban Classics Maduro,5 out of 5,Good,Good flavor and burn for an inexpensive cigar.
Cuban Classics Maduro,4 out of 5,A good cigar.,"Had a nice smooth draw, the burn was smooth also. I did some checking far as I know they are authentic. Cigar International always sells top quality premium cigars. I'm such a loyal customer they gave me a good price to. Has some nut,pepper influence in the taste wrapped into Honduras and Nicaragua wrapper."
Cuban Classics Maduro,5 out of 5,A good cigar.,"Had a nice smooth draw, the burn was smooth also. I did some checking far as I know they are authentic. Cigar International always sells top quality premium cigars. I'm such a loyal customer they gave me a good price to. Has some nut,pepper influence in the taste wrapped into Honduras and Nicaragua wrapper."
Cuban Classics Maduro,2 out of 5,Cuban classics,"Not a fan, the draw is not smooth, they burn irregular and not tasty"
Cuban Classics Maduro,5 out of 5,Cuban classic,Very nice cigar and excellent smoke
Cuban Delights,4 out of 5,Great Cigar at Great Price,A smooth flavored cigar at a great price. Keep me informed when they are back in stock.
Cuban Delights,5 out of 5,New favorite cigar,"What an awesome cigar! Smooth, burns even, excellent taste."
Cuban Delights,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Great cigar for the price
Cuban Delights,4 out of 5,They’re good if they were,They’re good if they were wrapped tighter I would have given 5 stars
Cuban Delights,4 out of 5,good chewing cigars,"good chewing cigar , when they are not back ordered"
Cuban Delights,5 out of 5,Pleasantly Surprised,"Pleasantly surprised, I received them yesterday afternoon, smoked one up right away. I used a punch, good draw, great ash, taste was really good! I smoked a couple more throughout the afternoon and evening, you know; social distancing, BBQing and having some adult refreshments! They were so good that I came back today to order more but, much to my disappointment they are on ""back order"""
Cuban Delights,4 out of 5,Great value,"Great price, good taste"
Cuban Delights,5 out of 5,Cuban Delights Amarettp,Great cigar with a nice finish!
Cuban Delights,3 out of 5,CCNARC,"Not a bad back yard knock around smoke. You get a few unsmokeable per box as the roll is sketchy. Flavor is decent, sweat at first then a mild smoke after. But if your looking for a cheap smoke while working in the garage or yard, these will fit the need"
Cuban Delights,5 out of 5,Cuban Delights Cigars,A good smoke that wont break the bank. They're not the Cuban cigars I used to smoke in the 70's but then again there are no more cigars like that but they have a nice flavor and I enjoy them.
Cuban Delights,4 out of 5,Sweet and tasty,Sweet and tasty
Cuban Delights,3 out of 5,"Average cigar, not bad","Right off the bat I was a bit iffy about these. When I opened the box they were quite dry. The first one I had I couldn’t get a draw on and when I tried to loosen it a bit the wrapper cracked. The second one I had the entire thing cracked when I used my punch on it. I rehydrated the batch with a microfiber cloth dampened a bit with DI water and put in a ziplock for a few hours with the cigars still in the plastic wrappers for those that don’t have humidity packs. About an hour in I could hear one in the bag pop but I can’t figure out what one.
Since then, I’ve been able to enjoy them with no issues. Good clean draw, decent basic flavor, nice and relaxing. Despite my issues I do enjoy these as a cheap causal smoke in between my Banditos when I want a longer smoke.
Overall it is a decent cigar for the price, better than Swishers and Phillies, not quite as good of quality as Factory Throwouts. I’d recommend them as a cheap alternative if you want something to fill your humidor with a casual cigar, but not something I’d gift to anyone."
Cuban Delights,4 out of 5,Great cigar for the price,Great cigar for the price
Cuban Delights,5 out of 5,Cuban Delights,Great smoke and even better price.
Cuban Delights,5 out of 5,Excellent flavor for the price!,Excellent flavor for the price!
Cuban Delights,5 out of 5,Excellent bang for the buck,"Excellent cigar for the money. If you’re not looking to spend a bunch of money on cigars and need a good starter cigar, this is it. I like a sweeter, smooth cigar and this one does the job. The big box of 50 lasts quite awhile."
Cuban Delights,3 out of 5,Cuban Delights Corona Vanilla,"Overall I like these cigars and have tried almost all varieties. The only problem I have consistently encountered is that about a 1/3 to 1/2 of the cigars in any given box the filler does not burn while the tobacco wrapper does. In most cases, I have to cut the unburned part then relight the cigar."
Cuban Delights,5 out of 5,Delights,Nice smoke
Cuban Delights,5 out of 5,They are the best,i love everything about them!!!!!
Cuban Delights,4 out of 5,Perfect cigar for a quick smoke.,"I purchased a box(50) of these on a whim, as the reviews were good and the price right ($1.90 each), and I was pleasantly surprised. They burn well, and for the most part, evenly. An early concern was that they were dry and crumbling, even after a few days in my humidor, but I fixed that by leaving the cellophane wrapper on until I was ready to smoke it, and that cured that issue. My only complaint is that, while the taste was excellent at the start, it turns acrid about half way through, sometimes sooner, requiring me to toss it. But for the price, I'm willing to tolerate that. These cigars are perfect for any quick smoke, whether I'm walking the dog, running an errand, or simply just have a few minutes available to smoke. I will be ordering another box soon."
Cuban Delights,4 out of 5,Delicious Cigars,"good quality, nice and delicious cigars. thanks."
Cuban Delights,5 out of 5,Good cigar,For me I like Cuban Delights as well as any cigar that that I have ever smoked. I don't have a lot of money and I am pleased with this cigar.
Cuban Delights,5 out of 5,Great Bargin,Great price for a very good mellow cigar
Cuban Delights,5 out of 5,Everyday go to,Met all my expectations. First found this one in a DR bundle and it fit my everyday needs perfectly. It is my go to until I find a better value. That may not ever happen. 5 stars for it's intended purpose.
Cuban Delights,4 out of 5,Good cigars.,"I smoke two a day at work. For a cheap everyday at work cigar they are worth every penny. If your looking for an every day cheap smoke that has the taste of a Romeo your gonna be disappointed. But for the money, I’m satisfied. Oh and the cigars international store in The Colony Texas is the most awesome store I’ve been in to. Very friendly knowledgeable staff that have impeccable customer service. I never shop anywhere else."
Cuban Delights,4 out of 5,"Good flavor and descent smoke, draw, burn for the money.","Good flavor and descent smoke, draw, burn for the money."
Cuban Delights,5 out of 5,For a cheapie this is,For a cheapie this is a great cigar.
Cuban Delights,3 out of 5,good price,"great chery flovor, nice smoke for the price"
Cuban Delights,3 out of 5,good price,"good for the price, but a 50 pack is to much for me, i get board with the same flavor"
Cuban Delights,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,"These are great little cigars, slightly sweet, nice even burn, mild taste, great price! What's not to like....."
Cuban Delights,4 out of 5,Mid size cigar,"Very good, long lasting"
Cuban Delights,3 out of 5,I thought it included all,I thought it included all favors not just one.
Cuban Delights,5 out of 5,Good cigar!,I really enjoy these cigars. The price is right.🇺🇸
Cuban Delights,4 out of 5,Cuban Delight I,"Most are a delight, some are stronger and a hard draw."
Cuban Delights,5 out of 5,Ira,"They’re mild and have a excellent taste for me, also since I don’t smoke very often, they don’t give me a bad headache, in all they’re perfect to me!"
Cuban Delights,4 out of 5,Nice short smoke,"A slight sweetness, and a fairly good short smoke."
Cuban Delights,3 out of 5,Not bad for the price,Decent every day smoke for the budget minded smoker
Cuban Delights,4 out of 5,Great smoke,Still loving them
Cuban Delights,4 out of 5,My Corona,Really enjoyed
Cuban Delights,5 out of 5,"Good flavor, low cost","Good flavor, low cost"
Cuban Delights,3 out of 5,so-so,so-so
Cuban Delights,4 out of 5,Great everyday Smoke!,"Very Nice Stick! Easy Light, Stayed Lit! Good Flavor!"
Cuban Delights,4 out of 5,"Cuban Delights, Churchill","I didn't have high expectations for this smoke, however I have been pleasantly surprised at the aroma and the overall taste. This is a great little stick for the golf course or just wandering around the yard"
Cuban Delights,4 out of 5,good,good
Cuban Delights,4 out of 5,Unravelling...,"I don't know if it a freshness issue, or how they're wrapped, but for the third time buying a box of these cigars, they start unravelling while being smoked.
I may have to find a new cigar."
Cuban Delights,5 out of 5,Great flavor,Great flavor
Cuban Delights,4 out of 5,smooth light,smooth light
Cuban Delights,5 out of 5,great cigar for the price,great cigar for the price
Cuban Delights,3 out of 5,sale item,ok as a humidor filler!
Cuban Delights,4 out of 5,Cuban Delights Corona Vanilla,"some draw good some don't, same with the vanilla flavor, some are good some you can barely taste the flavor, over all they a good valve for the money and I keep ordering them"
Cuban Honeys,5 out of 5,"Fresh, smooth even burn, flavor","Fresh, smooth even burn, flavor profile was subtle"
Cuban Honeys,3 out of 5,Beth K,Tastes honey/cherry. Which is lovely. Was hard to keep lit. My husband and I both had trouble in this regard. Price wasn't bad.
Cuban Honeys,5 out of 5,Great taste,Great taste
Cuban Honeys,5 out of 5,Great everyday cigar,Great everyday cigar
Cuban Honeys,5 out of 5,Best flavored cigar evah!,"One of those rare cigars you take just a couple puffs and say, ""Wow, that's a great cigar!"" Highly recommended for anyone in search of a mild, flavored cigar that will keep you going back to your humidor for another."
Cuban Honeys,5 out of 5,Give me a Honey,"Good smoke, not overly sweet while holding a rich taste."
Cuban Honeys,5 out of 5,Great Flavor,A great smooth but strong cherry flavor!!!
Cuban Honeys,5 out of 5,Ladies Delight,My wife enjoys these at the end of a busy day. she say the flavor is mild but adds just the right amount of sweetness.
Cuban Honeys,5 out of 5,Great little cigar . Smooth,Great little cigar . Smooth . Even burning. Will buy again.
Cuban Honeys,5 out of 5,Pleasantly Surprised,"I ordered these as a cheap filler for my humidor. Now these little honeys have a permanent home with me. Great smoke,Great flavor."
Cuban Honeys,4 out of 5,Good mild smoke.,Good mild smoke.
Cuban Honeys,5 out of 5,honey,"If youre looking for a honey-you found one! Cuban Honeys are smooth, soft on the pallett. This honey is a great day to day easy draw smoke. Pick up your honey today!"
Cuban Honeys,4 out of 5,Good,Good
Cuban Honeys,5 out of 5,Great smoke ( Says my wife),Wife quit cigs. and this is a great substitute ! They are mild and quite tasty !! I kind of like em also!
Cuban Honeys,5 out of 5,Very fresh and robust,Great flavor and they burn perfect while sipping scotch.
Cuban Honeys,5 out of 5,Great flavor,Great flavor and fast shipment! Great cigars!
Cuban Honeys,5 out of 5,Cuban Honeys,Very good and I will definitely be buying more in the future.
Cuban Honeys,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar I have,This Cigar I have no other like this great flavor and I love it thanks for it
Cuban Honeys,5 out of 5,All your other Honeys were,"All your other Honeys were out of stock in the longer size.
Is the Lutz store in Fla. open?"
Cuban Honeys,5 out of 5,Honey if a Cigar,Mild and smaller than most of my other cigars. Perfect for a short smoke.
Cuban Honeys,4 out of 5,A very enjoyable smoke,A very enjoyable smoke
Cuban Honeys,3 out of 5,Hard draw,"Not all, but most Would not stay lit"
Cuban Honeys,5 out of 5,Great with beer,Great with beer
Cuban Honeys,5 out of 5,Great Smoke!!,Nice coffee flavored cigar mixture
Cuban Honeys,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"great cigar, good draw,nice even burn, great taste"
Cuban Honeys,3 out of 5,Cuban Honey's,"These aren't really bad but they aren't really good either. These are a good yard work, grilling, or just going for a ride in the country cigar. decent construction on the ones I have smoked but again nothing spectacular."
Cuban Honeys,4 out of 5,Padron cigar guy,"Great little dessert cigar, just a nice sweet cigar, burn was good and construction good, aroma was good my wife liked the smell. It reminded me of the great smell of Pipe tobacco. Just good once a a while sweet cigar, I'll be buying more."
Cuban Honeys,5 out of 5,Perfect cigar.. I need more..,Perfect cigar.. I need more..
Cuban Honeys,5 out of 5,A really great cigar..👍🏾,A really great cigar..👍🏾
Cuban Honeys,4 out of 5,my other review,"sweet touch of honey. burned straight, even and cool."
Cuban Honeys,4 out of 5,La Aurora s Cuba Honey,"Excellent flavored cigar, swear it tastes like a ole soda pop I used to like as A 12 year old, too sweet for my taste so only give a 4. I have tried 2 others I thought were La Aurora but they were just using closely associated names and they wouldnt make a 2 on my pallet."
Cuban Honeys,5 out of 5,A relaxing smoke,"I purchased these as an everyday commuting smoke. Nothing fancy. Great flavor , if you like that type of thing. Good pricing."
Cuban Honeys,5 out of 5,Taste is fantastic.,Taste of the cigar is one of the best.
Cuban Honeys,3 out of 5,Not Sure About This.....,Taste was there but the smoke was questionable. The flavor profile broke down way too early in the smoke and all of them burned unevenly until about 2/3 done.
Cuban Honeys,5 out of 5,Smooth and Easy,"I'm new to the cigar game, but this was exactly what I was looking for"
Cuban Honeys,5 out of 5,Take anywhere treat.,"Small, sweet and awesome!"
Cuban Honeys,5 out of 5,Great little cigar!,"I love the consistency of burn, the copious creamy smoke, and particularly the chocolate/ coconut nuance that lingers on the finish. My favorite of the CH line."
Cuban Honeys,5 out of 5,Cuban Honeys Corona-Honey,"I've been searching for a good Cuban Cigar and Honeys are the ones I
enjoy most. I'm very satisfied with the taste of these.
Thank you"
Cuban Honeys,5 out of 5,Cuban honeys sampler,Fantastic cigar I smoke them to my fingers now I'm going to try another flavor and try to deside what one I like the best to order a box I got it in a 5 pack sampler and I'm glad I bought them. Thanks ci.
Cuban Honeys,4 out of 5,5 pack sampler,I got these on a promo sampler now I'm trying to decide what one I want to buy a box of I usually smoke corona but these are great all the way to the nub sweet cap and wonderful flavor thanks ci for the 5 pack promo
Cuban Honeys,5 out of 5,It’s one of the better,It’s one of the better cigars I have smoked in quite a while
Cuban Honeys,4 out of 5,This company does have a great selection of cigars,"Not a bad cigar,love the flavor,I will definitely buy more in do time"
Cuban Honeys,4 out of 5,If it wasn't for the price...,If it wasn't for the price I don't think I've have ever tried these. It seemed like the cigars you get at a liquor store or convenience store. I was pleasantly surprised. They were sweet and delicious and burned very well.
Cuban Honeys,5 out of 5,great smoke,great smoke
Cuban Honeys,4 out of 5,"Good smoke, the right amount","Good smoke, the right amount of flavor; not over flavored"
Cuban Honeys,5 out of 5,Southern Gentleman indeed!!,"My husband, a southern gentleman himself, LOVES these cigars!!! They are his favorite!"
Cuban Honeys,5 out of 5,Smooth with a good taste.,Smooth with a good taste. Nice cigar
Cuban Honeys,5 out of 5,Very nice cigars,I absolutely love these ready to try some more of their products
Cuban Honeys,4 out of 5,The taste is perfect blend,The taste is perfect blend of spice and sweet but the smoke is a bit mild. Still a very enjoyable cigar. I’d buy these again!
Cuban Honeys,5 out of 5,Love these Cuban Honeys!,"These are one of my favorites...great taste, like honey and cream soda! I will definitely order these again, and you should too."
Cuban Rounds Connecticut,5 out of 5,Nice cigar,Nice cigar
Cuban Rounds Connecticut,5 out of 5,Nice daily smoke,Nice daily smoke
Cuban Rounds Connecticut,5 out of 5,CR,Very good smoke
Cuban Rounds Connecticut,5 out of 5,Good smoke,"My go to cigar. I bought my 1st couple at a cigar shop in AZ . Glad CI had them at a GREAT price , Been smoking them ever since. Thank you CI"
Cuban Rounds Connecticut,5 out of 5,Go to..,"Our new ""go to"" for excellent burn and even burn."
Cuban Rounds Connecticut,4 out of 5,Well worth the price,"Just purchased a box after trying my first one. Very mild smoke for those who don't like strong , harsh smokes. It had an even burn great draw and overall maintained its original taste from start to finish. Great every day smoke at a great price.."
Cuban Rounds Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good but poor constructed.,"Very good everyday smoke, but not constructed well. However, they are a good deal and will I continue to purchase them."
Cuban Rounds Connecticut,4 out of 5,WTV,"These cigars are a great everyday cigar! Thay are well constructed, have an even burn and are very flavorful and consistent."
Cuban Rounds Connecticut,4 out of 5,Great smokes,If find these sticks to be smooth. They also burn and draw great I’m ready to buy more
Cuban Rounds Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great cigars,"I'll be buying more, of these great sticks"
Cuban Rounds Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good and Mild,"This cigar is a very good smoke, smooth and mild. A great cigar at a really good price."
Cuban Rounds Connecticut,4 out of 5,Cuban rounds,Smooth cigar. Sometimes light goes out. Goals value for the money
Cuban Rounds Connecticut,4 out of 5,Cuban Rounds,Good tasting mild cigar for a great price. I will buy more!
Cuban Rounds Connecticut,5 out of 5,"Smooth, Mild, & Affordable",It's fast becoming my favorite smoke.
Cuban Rounds Maduro,5 out of 5,These are slow burning and,These are slow burning and not harsh. Good for a long smoke with some great Scotch.
Cuban Rounds Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke,I am really enjoying them and will purchase more in the future...great sticks and smooth
Cuban Rounds Maduro,3 out of 5,Cuban rounds,Good smoke for the price
Cuban Rounds Maduro,5 out of 5,Amazing...,Probably my favorite cigar has a great balance of flavor. It is well rolled and burns very even and smooth I highly recommend.
Cuban Rounds Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,Great everyday smoke! Would definitely buy again.
Cuban Rounds Maduro,4 out of 5,ok smoke,not bad
Cuban Rounds Maduro,4 out of 5,Good Smoke,B+. I really enjoy
Cuban Rounds Maduro,5 out of 5,Cuban Rounds,"Easy to smoke , yet flavorful. A bargain!"
Cuban Rounds Maduro,4 out of 5,Great value,Good cigar!
Cuban Rounds Maduro,5 out of 5,Good cigars,Okay flavor for price
Cuban Rounds Maduro,5 out of 5,Great EDC,"Very good for the price. NOTHING LIKE A MADURO CUBAN,but still a decent,affordable,tasty,well constructed Smoke."
Cuban Rounds Maduro,5 out of 5,Good quality and satisfying flavor,Satisfying flavor and structure.
Cuban Rounds Maduro,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke for a great price
Cuban Rounds Maduro,5 out of 5,A good smoke at a,A good smoke at a very affordable price a go to cigar for me
Cuban Rounds Maduro,4 out of 5,Good mild,Good mild
Cuban Rounds Maduro,5 out of 5,Good,Good
Cuban Rounds Maduro,5 out of 5,excellent,My wife and I enjoyed them
Cuban Rounds Natural,4 out of 5,Cheap and decent,One of the better more consistent cuban sandwich cigars. I smoke these because they're cheap and they dont break the bank
Cuban Rounds Natural,4 out of 5,Good value,Pretty good smoke for the price. I have ordered multiple times and will continue to order.
Cuban Rounds Natural,5 out of 5,Every Day Smokes,Nice clean draw and taste. Recommend
Cuban Rounds Natural,5 out of 5,Cuban Rounds smoke,Very nice cigar. One seems to last for nine holes on the golf course.
Cuban Rounds Natural,5 out of 5,Nice good cheap cigars,Nice good cheap cigars
Cuban Rounds Natural,5 out of 5,on the money,these guys are a real good cigar for the money. these are as good as it gets for cheap cigars IMHO.good smoke!
Cuban Rounds Natural,4 out of 5,LOOKING FORWARD TO MORE FLAVORFUL.,"THEY CAME! I got them from U.S. Mail, thought UPS.... Anyway, I opened the packaging and placed them in my new HUMIDOR, which after calibrating for 30 hours, add drops of DISTILL water to cover HYDROMETER...STAYS AT 62%....WEEK ! I OPENED one, it's an O.K. a bit ""dull"" - BUT, THEY'LL be a SECONDARY smoke, I ""HOPE"" to find a more FLAVORFUL SMOKES...JUST I'm tight on finances so will have to make do for now"
Cuban Rounds Natural,5 out of 5,Great cigar,One of my favorite smokes!
Cuban Twists,4 out of 5,JTH,Great everyday smoke!!!!
Cuban Twists,5 out of 5,Nice smooth cigars.,Nice smooth cigars.
Cuban Twists,5 out of 5,Very good!,Great cigar for the price.
Cuban Twists,4 out of 5,Good every day cigar,"Good flavor, light draw, and good construction. I wouldn't say its my favorite, but definitely worth the money."
Cuban Twists,5 out of 5,GREAT CIGAR,Burns very even. Great taste!!! For the price you can't go wrong!!!
Cuban Twists,5 out of 5,Best Smoke for Your Buck!,"I am not a verified buyer from CI, however a local tobacco store in my hometown has these and I purchased a roll of these today and enjoy them so much I felt a review was needed.
Here are my personal tasting notes:
Starts off smooth with a profound amount of smoke. Smoke is creamy, spicy subtleties with an aire of earthiness and perhaps a hint of leather. Not overly nutty.
Cigar quality:
Even burn in the several I have had both past and present (as in the one I am currently smoking) and draw is perfect for me. The smoke seems to effortlessly drawl and remains creamy even to the finish. ***one suggestion however would be to ""purge"" the cigar every year 1/4 to every 1/5 depending on what size you choose to get as this helps keep the smoke creamy, flowing, and cool***. I would not ordinarily purchase a roll or even a box as I don't smoke often enough nor can I afford premium cigars as a daily or even semi weekly.
Overall thoughts:
If you are someone looking for a mellow, good quality cigar that doesn't break the bank but will keep folks wondering what you're smoking, this is the cigar for you.
Enjoy!"
Cuban Twists,4 out of 5,Great bargin,These are a decent smoke and for this price its a fantastic deal
Cuban Twists,5 out of 5,Cuban twist,"Best cigars so far, but I can't afford them"
Cuban Twists,5 out of 5,"Nice draw, Mellow,stays lit. Has","Nice draw, Mellow,stays lit. Has solid ash."
Cuban Twists,5 out of 5,Smooth and aromatic,"I've smoked real expensive cigars and I've smoked some that smelled like manure, but for a good smooth great tasting cigar - you can't beat this robusto Cuban Twist ."
Cuban Twists,4 out of 5,perfect everyday cigar,"Best you can get for the money . It has good middle , fbut fair end."
Cuban Twists,3 out of 5,Good Smoke,Decent smoke for the price. 16 of the sticks smoked well the others were fair.
Cuban Twists,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Just love this cigar wish I could get it in boxpressed
Cuban Twists,5 out of 5,What a cigar!!!!!,"Casey says he just love this new cigar ,has great flavor burns slow and great toast puff after puff great cigar a must have!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
Cuban Twists,5 out of 5,Great for the money,"Gave these a shot ,the price was great .nice maduro flavor.A good everyday cigar,burn is good,draw is even better,the 50 ring is more like a 48 size.Smooth like a full flavor without the punch.Taste lingers a bit.Hard to believe it’s a sandwich..would buy again! Thanks CI for another homerun.Been buying for over 20 years now.."
Cubero Blend No. 7,4 out of 5,A decent quick smoke.,A decent quick smoke. Great for the price. I like the sealed packs of 2 as it doesn't take up space in my humidor.
Cubero Blend No. 7,5 out of 5,"Because of its price tag, I couldn't complain about it.",not bad
Cubero Blend No. 7,4 out of 5,Cubero cigariloos,"Really like these no. 7 blends. You guys have great clearance deals, prices,shipping and customer service. I also appreciate the discounts awarded to our veterans. I spread the word about your company at every opportunity"
Cubero Blend No. 7,5 out of 5,GREAT DEAL GREAT CIGAR,Nice little cigar for the price
Cubero Blend No. 7,3 out of 5,Cubero Blend,Nice little cigar. Thought I had ordered a flavored blend so am a little disappointed.
Cubero Blend No. 7,5 out of 5,Cheap and tasty cigarillos. Nothing,"Cheap and tasty cigarillos. Nothing fancy, nothing wrong. I enjoyed them."
Cubero Blend No. 7,5 out of 5,She'll love 'em!,Good smokes for dames.
Cubero Blend No. 7,5 out of 5,She'll love 'em!,Good cigars for dames.
Cubero Blend No. 7,4 out of 5,Quick cigar hit,Great 5 minute cigar fix. Tasty too. Careful as burns quickly so ash builds up fast.
Cubero Blend No. 7,5 out of 5,EARTHY-COCONUT FLAVOR!,"These lil things surprised me when I cracked a pack open...They don't taste like grape at all!...But they have a wonderful earthy-cocnut flavor to them. I don't know if some of the other reviews got bad boxes or what, but the flavor is strong and nobody mentions it....I'm sincerely diggin the flavor!
[box color shown on top is wrong, it's purple, not green]"
Cubero Blend No. 7,5 out of 5,Another order on the way!,"I like them. I find, I like having several different varieties around, so I can pick & choose. I alternate these with their No.35 flavor. Glad I started trying cigarillos, perfect when I don't feel like a larger cigar. Just bought some more."
Cubero Blend No. 7,4 out of 5,Cubero,Very nice quick smoke when you don’t have a lot if time. Nice flavor and good even burn
Cubero Blend No. 7,4 out of 5,"Good taste,good price","Good taste,good price"
Cubero Blend No. 7,5 out of 5,Inexpensive yet nice drag,"Taste isn't very strong, but the drag is. Nice pull if you want a strong inexpensive 15 minute smoke. No joke !!"
Cubero Blend No. 7,4 out of 5,It was ok,It was ok
Cubero Blend No. 7,5 out of 5,Love it,Love it
Cubero Blend No. 7,4 out of 5,Not bad for pouch cigars,Smooth light cigar burns good
Cubero Blend No. 7,3 out of 5,"Cubero ""grape""","They were OK. The sweet blend is my better choice, but I really like the Mocha. Nice mild flavor on all for a quick smoke."
Cubero Blend No. 7,5 out of 5,Howard,Great little 10 minute smoke taste is good
Cubero Blend No. 7,5 out of 5,Inexpensive With Good Draw,"If you're looking for inexpensive cigars with a 'kick' , look no further !"
Cubero Blend No. 7,5 out of 5,Great for the lady!,"This was for my wife,and she loved the 3 different flavors! Wonderful!"
Cubero Blend No. 7,3 out of 5,CUBERO cigarillos,Ok for quick smoke not much flavor
Cubero Blend No. 7,4 out of 5,Strong Little Stogie,Inexpensive smoke that has a kick other stogies don't
Cubero Blend No. 7,2 out of 5,Worth what you pay.,Not much flavor and fairly harsh.
Cubero Blend No. 7,1 out of 5,ok in a pinch.,"these cigars had no flavor. they were an ok quick smoke, but no flavor."
Cubero Blend No. 7,2 out of 5,Burned way to fast. Great,Burned way to fast. Great taste but didn’t last very long.
Cubero Blend No. 7,4 out of 5,Great Mini,love the thickness of this mini. Smoke when I do not have time for a regukar cigar or just want a quick fix
Cubero Blend No. 7,3 out of 5,Wine In-fused Cubero Np. 7,"A nice smoke for a small cigar. Nice notes of oak, and initially a little wine flavor. Not bad for the money."
Cubero Blend No. 7,5 out of 5,Cubero,"Not a bad little cigar.Just big enough to smoke and enjoy ,without the mess of lightning up a full size cigar..Would highly recommend this cigar to all..."
Cubero Blend No. 7,4 out of 5,A Decent Quick Smoke,"Not usually much for small or for flavored cigars, however I couldn't pass up the temptation, based on the clearance price. Glad I pulled the trigger on this one."
Cubero Blend No. 7,4 out of 5,Cubero,For a quick smoke it's great and the flavors are good to all around good little cigar.
Cubero Blend No. 7,4 out of 5,Good for the price,Good flavor and they stay fresh in the package. Good for a quick smoke.
Cubero Blend No. 7,5 out of 5,Great buy,Great buy
Cubero Blend No. 7,5 out of 5,Very good,I liked
Cubero Blend No. 7,5 out of 5,Nice little smoke,"I like these little cigars they have a good flavor,they burn good and are perfect for a quick smoke,nice little smokes."
Cubero Blend No. 7,1 out of 5,A TOTAL WASTE,"A TOTAL WASTE, TASTE LIKE I LICKED AN ASTRAY"
Cubero Blend No. 7,4 out of 5,"Flavored Cigars? You're kidding, right?","I buy these for my wife, who generally comes out to the man cave while I'm smoking to keep me company. She likes them so all is good with me. I'm a double ligero kind of guy. Flavored Cigars just don't do it for me."
Cubero Blend No. 7,5 out of 5,Cubero blendno.7,Good little smoke for those 10 minute stops .
Cubero Blend No. 7,5 out of 5,Not bad,Not bad for a short cigar
Cubero Blend No. 7,4 out of 5,Average cigar,"Standard foil pack cigar, basically what I expected decent flavor not bad for a quick smoke"
Cubero Blend No. 7,5 out of 5,Good little cigars,"Well worth the money. They smoke quick but cool with big smoke. They do get a little soft at the end but they are delicious up to that point. For the cost I can not complain. They are perfect for the ride to work and with the sealed packaging they go with me for my outdoor adventures. Try them, you’re in for a treat. Get them from CI if you want them fast!"
Cubero Blend No. 7,5 out of 5,Cubero Blend No. 7,Not bad but I'd try another before I purchased these again
Cubero Blend No. 7,4 out of 5,Cubero blend no 7,Not bad at all smooth blend different flavor then I thought I had ordered I reckon the color of package is what threw me off..but that's ok
Cubero Blend No. 7,5 out of 5,Cubero Blend,They were very good...a friend s fiancée really liked them
Cuesta-Rey Cabinet,4 out of 5,Same quality and great price for years!,Been smoking CR's for about 40 years now always reasonably priced with great quality and flavor.
Cuesta-Rey Cabinet,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Cuesta-Rey Cabinet,5 out of 5,Cuesta-Rey Cabinet No. 8-9-8 Natural,"This is one of my favorite mild-medium cigars. Construction is excellent, as is the draw. The burn is straight and slow, with a nice grey-black ash. I used to have a very refined ""Cigar Pallet"", able to detect earth, mineral, nuts, chocolate, coco, cedar, etc...but alas that is no longer the case. The 27 pills I take each day have destroyed my pallet. I can, however derive great enjoyment from cigar smoking. I enjoy trying cigars I haven't smoked before...after all, that's what it's all about...it's the only way one can find the cigars we just can't do without. cigarsinternational.com is my ""go-to"" source for cigars, and accessories. D.A. Wood"
Cuesta-Rey Cabinet,5 out of 5,Hard to Find,Have been smoking Cuesta-Rey's for years. Truly a great smoke for my taste.Mid-Mild with a good wrap and draw. But these puppies were hard to find until I became a Cigars International customer. Great pricing and quick deliveries.
Cuesta-Rey Centenario,5 out of 5,smooth,smooth
Cuesta-Rey Centenario,3 out of 5,Great daily smoke,"This is an old favorite of mine. This is a good daily smoke when you don't want something too heavy. It is a nice, plain light smoke. While many cigars have various flavors over their years, Cuesta Rey ALWAY remains constant. I have smoked them for over 20 years, and I always know what to expect. Always smokes well."
Cuesta-Rey Centenario,5 out of 5,Cuesta Rey pyramid #9 centennario maduro,"One of my favorites, outstanding cigar"
Cuesta-Rey Centenario,5 out of 5,Rediscovering an Old Favorite,This was my husband's favorite smoke for years when suddenly none of our local shops carried them anymore. Life goes on. I found your site and ordered him a box for Christmas and he was delighted. He and I shared one and they are as smooth and mellow as we remembered.
Cuesta-Rey Centenario,5 out of 5,best everyday cigar,"Smooth, even burning, never hot, holds the ash, not harsh, these are some of the reasons this is the best everyday smoke. Easy draw, good flavor, and rich taste are a few more reasons."
Cuesta-Rey Centenario,5 out of 5,Classic beauty,"I wanted to try this classic Rand for some time now and I wish I had done it sooner. These are a magnificent smoke, great flavor awesome burn, and at a fantastic price every one I've smoke so far has been perfect. Definitely going to have a permanent spot in my humidor!!"
Cuesta-Rey Centenario,5 out of 5,great TY,Have always enjoyed these
Cuesta-Rey Centenario,5 out of 5,One fine small cigar,"I smoke the cigarillo size 90% of the time and have tried them all. The Cuesta Rey is one of my favorites, always have them on hand. Consistent quality, fine flavor."
Cuesta-Rey Centenario,5 out of 5,Excellent. Great smoke,Excellent. Great smoke
Cuesta-Rey Centenario,5 out of 5,Best cigar I have ever smoked,"Goldilocks would smoke this cigar, it not to strong, not too weak, burns cool and doesn't go out, ash stays on until removed, taste is yummy, it not too big or too small, it is just right."
Cuesta-Rey Centenario,4 out of 5,3outta5 too sweet,Little too sweet on the head of the cigar for me. Seems like a maple syrup. Very good quality. Tried them out but won't reorder. So many other goodies for CI. Variety is the spice of life. Hope this helps
Cuesta-Rey Centenario,5 out of 5,Great smoke.,"Nice little smoke. Great flavor, great value."
Cuesta-Rey Centenario,4 out of 5,"Love the size and taste, but the construction was a let down!","Perfect small, quick smoke. Light, yet flavorful! The only issue is that it is loosely wrapped, and not well constructed in general. A shame, because otherwise I loved it!"
Cuesta-Rey Centenario,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"Smoked these in Iraq. Smooth, mild, great ash. Love them."
Cuesta-Rey Centenario,5 out of 5,Good mild smoke,"Great mild smoke, spot on for the price paid and the value received."
Cuesta-Rey Centenario,5 out of 5,best everyday cigar,"The Cuesta-Rey Centenario Toro #60 is the best tasting, best lighting, best burning cigar I have tried. It doesn't get hot, it is smooth and even throughout. The aroma and taste is mild-medium. Ash stays on and cigar stays lit. It lasts me about 45 minutes, and goes well with scotch or Irish whiskey"
Cuesta-Rey Centenario,5 out of 5,Little smokes,Fine tasting little smoke. Burns well good aroma
Cuesta-Rey Centenario,4 out of 5,Memorable in Great Ways,"I absolutely love these cigars because they have a uniqueness that I have never found elsewhere. Even thought ""unique"" can sometimes mean something bad, I implore you to give these a try. I hadn't had one in ten years, and after my first, memories of that time came roaring back to me. I find that incredibly impressive given the hundreds or thousands of cigars I have had over the years. I only reserve giving it 5 stars for the price, since I have found better deals (only by maybe a quarter or so more per gar though). Give these a go."
Cuesta-Rey Centenario,5 out of 5,great purchase,"The Cuesta-Rey #60's are always a great smoke, and CI always delivers them quickly, and at a fair price."
Cuesta-Rey Centro Fino,5 out of 5,this is the one i,this is the one i smoke most!
Cuesta-Rey Centro Fino,5 out of 5,cuesta rey centro fino of,cuesta rey centro fino of all sizes are my favorite smoke!
Cuesta-Rey Centro Fino,5 out of 5,cigars,"great,"
Cuesta-Rey Centro Fino,5 out of 5,no 1,top smoking cigar...
Cuesta-Rey Centro Fino,4 out of 5,Nice stick,Glad I tried these. This is a fine cigar.
Cuesta-Rey Centro Fino,4 out of 5,Quality Tobacco,"Diamond in the ruff. Nice cigar and quality tobacco. Wanted to try these, and was a bit surprised. Every now and then I come across a stick that doesn't have all the pretty packaging and glam, but a very fine cigar. The Cuesta-Rey Centro Fino is one them. Hangs in there with most popular cigars. Will be purchasing these again for sure."
Cuesta-Rey Centro Fino,5 out of 5,The best,My absolute favorite cigar out there.
Cuesta-Rey Centro Fino,5 out of 5,10/10,What a cigar! Nice spice that lingers.
Cult,4 out of 5,A pleasant surprise. Good morning stick.,"A great morning cigar! I picked up a box-pressed Cult as part of an in-store sampler pack and will definitely be picking up some more of these easy smoking beauties.
The draw seemed a bit light at first, but thickened up nicely after the first half inch or so. The product isn’t kidding about those upfront tea and spice notes. What at first starts out as a novel but light smoke rounds out nicely as the it burns. Great with a cup or two of coffee on the porch.
Some construction problems as you approach the band but nothing I would describe as a deal breaker."
Cult,5 out of 5,My Absolute Favorite Cigar!,"I was introduced to Cult cigars by CI's Cigar of the Month Club and was tremendously impressed! I utilize a wedge cutter to snip off the tip and find the draw smooth from beginning to end. This cigar burns even all the way through and affords the tastebuds something to really savor. I haven't had a single sour draw on any of these and this is the first cigar I can literally smoke down to the point that my lips can almost kiss the ash before allowing the cigar to cool and then enjoy the flavor of the wrapper as the nub rests between my lips until I'm ready to retreat back indoors. While my humidor always had a supply of JC Newman's Julius Caeser, Cohiba Red Dots, Rocky Patel Vintage, Macanudo Gold Label, and Mark Twain No 3 as my daily smoke, I will be keeping my humidor well stocked with Cult cigars for the foreseeable future. Furthermore, the box is the weightiest and most significant of any cigar box on the market bar none. Cult cigars have undoubtedly earned my ardent following and if they are searching for their biggest fan to grant them a lifetime supply of these fine cigars, place me first on that list!"
Curivari Buena Ventura,5 out of 5,Best Cigar I tried thus far,"Best cigar I had yet, I am a beginner but I have tried Plasencia Cigars, Rocky Petal, Padron 1964 and Oliva V series and a few others but when I was introduced to the Buena Ventura because I was seen buying Rock Petal all the time I had to just buy a box because it was the perfect cigar to my liking thus far. Smooth to the end burn evenly and stead lit the whole smoke."
Curivari Buena Ventura,5 out of 5,Best Cigar I tried thus far,"Best cigar I had yet, I am a beginner but I have tried Plasencia Cigars, Rocky Petal, Padron 1964 and Oliva V series and a few others but when I was introduced to the Buena Ventura because I was seen buying Rock Petal all the time I had to just buy a box because it was the perfect cigar to my liking thus far. Smooth to the end burn evenly and stead lit the whole smoke."
Curivari Buena Ventura,4 out of 5,I think for the money,I think for the money it's a really good cigar. I'm on my 4 th box and usually grow tired of the dame smoke
Curivari Buena Ventura,4 out of 5,A nice surprise !,I was buying my usual stack of Nat Sherman Timeless and Arturo Fuentes Don Carlos and a salesperson recommended these. A great medium smoke down to the last inch. The reason I mentioned some cigars is for comparison. It's an excellent cigar for the money. But if your daily smoke is a Padron Family Reserve or OpusX - its good to be you!
Curivari Buena Ventura,4 out of 5,"Boy, Boy, Boy!!!","AWESOME stick for the price point. It bellows with each draw and offers a Cuban-esque flavor profile: earthy, cedery, spicy but not overpowering."
Curivari Buena Ventura,4 out of 5,Good medium heavy cigar for the price,Good cigar a bit heavier on flavor doesn't burn as even and we'll as others but for the price a good cigar
Curivari Buena Ventura,5 out of 5,Truly a diamond that keep on shining!!!,This is one of my favorite cigars I go to when I want to enjoy and beautiful and creamy cigar! I love it in the morning and it also works well with a smokey whiskey as a nightcap! You will not be disappointed with this beauty. I really love the entire brand! Curivari is one of the most underrated cigars companies in the industry! BV 560 is you can find them are the best of the Buena Venturato me but all my buddies smoke the BV 600
Curivari Buena Ventura,5 out of 5,Great quality,"My favorite cigar. Always draws so nice and easy, smooth, great tobacco flavor. Haven't gotten a bad stick yet, and the flavor and quality is very consistent."
Curivari Buena Ventura,5 out of 5,Not an aficionado.,"First smoked this stick 6 or so months ago...instantly became my favorite. Always a good roll, easy draw. Would like to see the Buena Ventura line expanded."
Curivari Buena Ventura,4 out of 5,Old School,"A very good, classic Cuban style cigar. Nothing fancy, just good old fashioned tobacco taste. Thick smoke. Overall good construction, I had one that unraveled a bit but am willing to think I might have cut it a little further than usual. Wrapper is a little on the thin side. Certainly a worthwhile purchase. This is my second box. I prefer the 6x60 over the smaller size. Slower burn prevents it from becoming harsh."
Curivari Buena Ventura,5 out of 5,Very nice cigar.,"I discovered this cigar locally, and then realized it was a savings buying it from cigars international. This is one of my favorite cigars to smoke, very good draw good burn and a very nice taste. Must-try."
Curivari Buena Ventura,5 out of 5,Best @ That Price!!,Best @ That Price!!
Curivari Buena Ventura,5 out of 5,You Want Be Disappointed....,One Of My Top Ten Favorite Cigars...
Curivari Buena Ventura,5 out of 5,Another Winner!,"Again, even this new size reminds me of the Medal of Honor 1959 Havana cigars that I smoked in the early 70's. Medium strength but with great flavor that does not over power your senses."
Curivari Buena Ventura,5 out of 5,These are hidden gems,"These cigars are a overall pleasure to smoke. Great construction,toothy wrapper just the right amount of spring in the wrapper great pre draw there are no cons with this cigar. I can't get enough of them"
Curivari Gloria de Leon,5 out of 5,great smoke,"still flying under radar for many
which is fine by me! one of the best smokes out there"
Curivari Gloria de Leon,5 out of 5,Gloria De Leon,Excellent reasonably priced cigar!
Curivari Gloria de Leon,5 out of 5,Great cigar,These Curivari cigars are very consistently delicious with thick smoke and a great peppery sweetness. The only downside is they don't burn evenly and are not really well constructed. I deal with it because I love the flavors. In fact every Curivari I've tried has been fantastic.
Curivari Gloria de Leon,5 out of 5,Great morning cigar.,"Lots of smoke, lots of flavor, and great construction. Has a clean burn and stays lit. All 10 were good, no flops."
Curivari Gloria de Leon,4 out of 5,Nice cigar,Really nice cigar. Rich wrapper great draw/burn. Taste is right in my preferred range and price is right for these well made sticks. I really enjoy how well these are rolled.
Curivari Gloria de Leon,4 out of 5,Thoroughly enjoyed the Gloria de Leon,"I really enjoyed this cigar. The draw was excellent and the smoke was plentiful. I did not experience any problems with the construction of the Gloria de Leon. More often than not I agree fully with CI's strength assessments, in this case however, I would rate the strength somewhat milder than CI did. The Gloria de Leon was firmly in the medium range in my estimate. I am not very adept at identifying individual tastes or flavors but I will say that this cigar had a sweetness in its profile. I normally prefer more full-bodied smokes, but this was a great cigar and would make a wonderful first-smoke-of-the-day or even a great late-night smoke before bed."
Curivari Reserva Limitada 1000 Series,4 out of 5,"Good Cigar,All Around !","This Cigar Is Well Made,Taste Great & Very Nice Draw To It Especially For The Price."
Curivari Reserva Limitada 1000 Series,5 out of 5,Enjoyable stick!,"These are strikingly close to the Cuban Montecristo #2, in my opinion....although you know what they say about opinions, right?
Try 'em and see what you think!"
Curivari Reserva Limitada 1000 Series,5 out of 5,Mild and smooth.,Mild and smooth.
Curivari Reserva Limitada 1000 Series,5 out of 5,Smooooth,I love this cigar. Curivari is one of my favorite brands and choosing between this is like choosing between my kids. Well done!
Curivari Reserva Limitada 1000 Series,5 out of 5,"compared to anything, this is a really good cigar","I've been trying as many of the Curivari cigar lines as I can and I've yet to be disappointed. I have a couple of favorites and they're not the most expensive. In fact all the Curivaris I've purchased are amazingly affordable. I'm a sucker for a spicy peppery/sweet medium/full bodied cigar with big toothy smoke. I don't necessarily want to pay a higher end price for that experience, so I've honed in on decently priced well constructed flavorful smokes like the Sancho Panza Extra Fuerte, Oliva Serie O and now the very lovely Curivari brand. I really love these cigars even though at times they're a bit hard to come by. One of my favorites is the BuenaVentura Gordo 6x60. Really affordable and really delicious. Also the Gloria De Leon churchill and the Limitada 1000. All consistently perfect with the flavor profile that I particularly enjoy."
Curivari Reserva Limitada 1000 Series,5 out of 5,great cigar,Its well made and satisfying mild flavor. Great cigar for the price!
Curivari Reserva Limitada 1000 Series,5 out of 5,A great smoke!,"These boutique cigars are somewhat difficult to find. That's why when C.I. Posted them, I placed my order right away. There is a little kick out of the gates, then it mellows into a smooth gem w/a great draw."
Curivari Reserva Limitada 1000 Series,4 out of 5,Great flavor!,This cigar has great flavor and the construction is on point
Curivari Reserva Limitada 1000 Series,5 out of 5,A wonderful smoke,Curivari draw is open and easy. Taste is consistent and fine. Worth a try...
Curivari Reserva Limitada Cafe Noir,5 out of 5,Awesome,One of the best cigars I've ever had in 14 years of smoking... a go to almost daily
Curivari Reserva Limitada Cafe Noir,5 out of 5,One of the best,One of the best cigars I ever smoked. Lights nice Burns even And has it excellent draw. They taste so good I don't want to smoke anything else. These will always be in my humidor. Only problem is they are extremely hard to get because they are small cigar maker but lucky for me if CI doesn't have them then my local cigar shop does for a little bit extra on the price. The only thing I can say is you have to try then if you could find
Curivari Reserva Limitada Cafe Noir,3 out of 5,Curivari Cafe Noir 62,Too mild. 86
Curivari Reserva Limitada Cafe Noir,5 out of 5,Love this cigar,"Now this is a GREAT cigar! As stated in another review, the Cafe Noir is full of flavor from start to finish. The draw was perfect and it produced plenty of smoke. I did not experience any issues with the construction. This cigar will become a staple in my cool-a-dor. The only con I can think of is that the cigar eventually came to an end."
Curivari Reserva Limitada Cafe Noir,5 out of 5,A great cigar,"Wow!...This cigar is memorable. It is delicious from start to finish. The taste and aroma is unforgettable and I have to stock up my humidor with these babies. A great cigar, indeed. It keeps me going back for more. Excellent construction with a light ash. Too good with a cup of coffee."
Curivari Reserva Limitada Cafe Noir,5 out of 5,consistently the best,"Always the best online prices, and great customer service. Although in the past, I was not informed of being responsible to pay return fee on item mistakenly ordered, I understand how that get costly for a company.
Best cigar order company out there."
Curivari Reserva Limitada Classica,5 out of 5,"Full Bodied, smooth draw, good","Full Bodied, smooth draw, good smoke for evening after dinner with bourbon or wine."
Curivari Reserva Limitada Classica,5 out of 5,One of the best smokes out there!!......,I love this cigars! Georgetown tobacco turned me to these and I’ll love them forever!!!!!!
Curivari Reserva Limitada Classica,3 out of 5,"Good smoke, nothing outstanding.","Good smoke, nothing outstanding."
Curivari Reserva Limitada Classica,5 out of 5,Curivari,Great sticks at a good price.
Curivari Reserva Limitada Classica,5 out of 5,Curivari stacks up to the best,"I am still developing my palette but this is the first cigar I can actually say I tasted what others are reporting. What a nicely constructed stick. I got my first one at a local lounge here in Vegas, but I will be gettng a box or theee here asap! Amazing flavor, great burn (only needed one touch-up) aand smoke production is plaentiful. You will not be sorry!!"
Curivari Reserva Limitada Classica,5 out of 5,"Good Value, Good Quality, Great Taste.","Well constructed, no bad ones in the box, like the flavor; hard to beat for the price."
Curivari Reserva Limitada Classica,5 out of 5,Great smoke with an interesting hint of citrus.,"I just tried one of these off of the recommendation from a guy at one of the local B&M stores. This stogie was one of the best I've ever had. The smoke was plentiful with an easy draw. Flavors were leather, light pepper and a hint of citrus throughout. The flavor developed very nicely along the length of the smoke and it smoked until I risked burning my fingers. The flavor and aroma were excellent and I'd say the strength is just a hint above medium. It did require a couple touch ups early on and the smoke easily become a little heated with my enthusiastic puffing (hard to resist with the great flavors), but at no point did I even think to give it a purge as it never hinted at any bitterness. I paired it with a watermelon ale and it was an excellent match, but a stout would have paired nicely as well. I'll definitely buy again!"
Cusano 18 Natural and Maduro,4 out of 5,good,good
Cusano 18 Natural and Maduro,5 out of 5,Been enjoying these for years.,"Been enjoying these for years. Smooth even, ... love them. Always room in my humidor for a box or 2."
Cusano 18 Natural and Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,Great smoke!
Cusano 18 Natural and Maduro,4 out of 5,Really good Sunday evening cigar!,Stay lit burns clean enjoy with favorite libation.
Cusano 18 Natural and Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke at a great price.,"I have liked Cusano cigars since the first time I smoked one. These are a great mild smoke. However, I thought I ordered the Maduros. I did not. My bad. If you're looking for a great intro smoke, get these. Not too tough to draw on, mid smoke, not bad after taste. Most burn even so you shouldn't have any issues there."
Cusano 18 Natural and Maduro,5 out of 5,good cigar,very good cigar last one hour of pleasure!
Cusano 18 Natural and Maduro,5 out of 5,Really nice cigar,Really nice cigar
Cusano 18 Natural and Maduro,5 out of 5,Paul D,my favorite cigar...totally smooth and a joy to smoke...
Cusano Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great bang for the buck,Great bang for the buck if you like mild cigars!
Cusano Connecticut,4 out of 5,not bad,I belivue in your write up about the cigar you talked about the mild and smoothness to it. Which I found 100 percent on spot the hole way through the cigar. I will most likely purchase them again.
Cusano Connecticut,4 out of 5,Great except for TAR blowback,Would be fine EXCEPT for liquid tar drain towards end of about two out of ten of the ones I have smoked.I should not have to put a paper towel to the end of any cigar in this $ range.
Cusano Connecticut,5 out of 5,"Good and fresh, a better","Good and fresh, a better tasting cigar"
Cusano Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great price for a very,Great price for a very good smoke.
Cusano Connecticut,3 out of 5,Fair for the price!,Fair for the price!
Cusano Connecticut,5 out of 5,A great cigar.,A great cigar.
Cusano Connecticut,5 out of 5,Always a great quality smoke.,"I have tried several different kinds of cigars on this site over the past year two years or so trying to settle on a daily favorite and I am finally sure I have settled on one. If you get the Toro or the Robusto you simply can not go wrong. Yes you can spend more money and might want to for a special occasion, but why? I have ordered these several times and have more orders in the pipeline and will be ordering them again to have a steady supply. They are always of a consistent good quality, finely wrapped, a good draw, a great flavor and get good compliments from friends. What more could you ask for from a cigar?"
Cusano Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good Cigar,I liked these.
Cusano Connecticut,5 out of 5,Very smooth smoke at a great price,I have had Cusano cigars before and expected a good smoke. I was NOT disappointed!
Cusano Connecticut,3 out of 5,Not bad,Pretty good cigar
Cusano Connecticut,4 out of 5,Cusano,Good cigar but a bit too mild for my taste
Cusano Connecticut,1 out of 5,Cusano Connecticut Shade wrapper,Sold as a Connecticut Shade but more like an EMS (it’s no “blonde”). Found the few I’ve sampled so far to be bland and bitter - would never buy these again.
Cusano Connecticut,4 out of 5,Very enjoyable smoke,"I really enjoyed this cigar. It has a nice slow burn that gives you a few minuets to relax
I like a mild cigar, and this definitely fills the bill
The price is well worth the product."
Cusano Connecticut,4 out of 5,Cusano,"Good smoke, but inconsistently rollled, most very loose!"
Cusano Connecticut,4 out of 5,Mysterious,"I've had several boxes of this cigar and still can't figure out how I feel about them. Several sticks had a really unusual taste, others were very nice. My friends who only smoke occasionally called them the best cigar they ever had. They burn and draw evenly. Construction is really good. Just wish I was confident in the consistency of taste.
So I'll order them again when I need to fill the humidor with freebies for my friends."
Cusano Connecticut,3 out of 5,Cigars were smooth and mild,Cigars were smooth and mild taste but appeared to come a bit on the dry side. Some of the wrappers came undone rather easily
Cusano Maduro,5 out of 5,Cusano Maduro Churchill,A great smoke and smooth tasting.
Cusano Maduro,5 out of 5,"Like it, will smoke another","Like it, will smoke another box..."
Cusano Maduro,3 out of 5,Cussano Churchill,"Very pleasant, hope the Churchill develops a bigger band width"
Cusano Maduro,5 out of 5,Cusano Maduro,Good flavor and burn. Not as strong as other maduros. Perfect for golf...
Cusano Maduro,5 out of 5,The Best,"Nuf said, outstanding Cigar"
Cusano Maduro,5 out of 5,Nice & smooth. Really good cigar,Pleasantly surprised by the flavor. Really good burn. I will definitely be ordering more of these.
Cusano Maduro,4 out of 5,Dandy lower priced churchill,Great everyday cigar with a good burn and good flavor down to the nub.
Cusano Maduro,5 out of 5,Pleasant time cigar,A good cigar for sitting and reading or enjoying a friendly conversation
Cusano Maduro,3 out of 5,Smoth,They are smooth but they aren’t full flavored I miss read.
Cusano Maduro,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
Cusano Maduro,5 out of 5,A real cigar,"This is a very nice full bodied smoke, what a treat! My friend says A woman is a Woman, but a cigar, woah; ho, ho !!!"
Cusano Maduro,3 out of 5,satisfying,Really nice product I smoke and I received it well
Cusano Maduro,5 out of 5,A very good stick but,A very good stick but rolled to tight..!! Like sucking a Wendy’s milk shake with a straw.!
Cusano Maduro,5 out of 5,Perfect smoke,Perfect smoke
Cusano Maduro,4 out of 5,Great everyday smoke,"Pretty good stick. Great after meal smoke. Wood and some spice but not too. Draw can be a little tough, but overall a nice stick for the price."
Cusano Maduro,4 out of 5,Cusano a hit,"I started enjoying Cusano last year and have not been disappointed with any of their products. No matter which stage a cigar smoker you are at, this is a hit!"
Cusano Maduro,4 out of 5,Very good cigar a little,Very good cigar a little small for my taste but full of flavor
Cusano Maduro,5 out of 5,Good little cigar,My go to cigar is a Robusto. This
Cusano Maduro,4 out of 5,Very smooth with a bold,Very smooth with a bold flavor. A great cigar.
Cusano Maduro,4 out of 5,Cusano Maduro Churchill,The draw was a little too difficult otherwise a good smoke.
Cusano Maduro,5 out of 5,"Good, solid smoke","Good, solid smoke"
Cusano Maduro,5 out of 5,Nice and Mild,Nice and Mild
Cusano Maduro,4 out of 5,HIGHLY RECOMMENDED,excellent cigar but a bit too medium for me.
Cusano Maduro,4 out of 5,"Solid smoke, go to cigar","These bad boys have a nice flavor. Nothing fancy, but a solid go to cigar that does not taste cheap. It's just inexpensive."
Cusano Maduro,4 out of 5,Cusano Maduro Churchill,A very good smoke. Flavorful and burns evenly.
Cusano Maduro,5 out of 5,OUTSTANDING BUY,OUTSTANDING BUY
Cusano Maduro,4 out of 5,Price and quality,"For the price it is a good value cigar. Don’t expect Davidoff quality and taste, but still good."
Cusano Maduro,3 out of 5,Good smoke,"Too inconsistent on how they draw. However, when the draw was good so was the cigar."
Cusano Maduro,4 out of 5,good cigar for the price,good cigar for the price
Cusano Maduro,5 out of 5,Great for the price,Great for the price. Every day smoke for me when I am working
Cusano Maduro,3 out of 5,Still searching for the perfect Cusano,"Cusano Maduro was an Excellent value.
Construction was fair...uneven burn.
Flavor was smooth with a hint o pepper and aroma was inviting.
Both the Cusano Nicaraguan and Maduro left me wanting for a full flavored, more complex cigar."
Cusano Maduro,1 out of 5,Buy something that tastes like real cigar,Tastes like straw or burnt fly. Don’t buy
Cusano Maduro,4 out of 5,For the price,"Excellent cigar for the price, lots of flavor on par with some AVO, and Davidoff"
Cusano Maduro,3 out of 5,"Good tast, Good Value",I liked the cigar. It was flavorful and constructed well. It comes close to the best everyday smoke in terms of value and taste
Cusano Maduro,2 out of 5,A bit dissapointing,Cigar has decent flavor but think the sticks are wrapped a bit to loose and burn irregular.
Cusano Maduro,2 out of 5,Cusano Maduro Robusto,The Cusano Maduro Robust was not a very smooth cigar and also didn't burn well. I wouldn't recommend it.
Cusano Maduro,4 out of 5,Nice cigars,"These cigars arrived in good state despite traveling for 2 weeks. Light smoke, some canoeing but taste good overall. Will reorder for sure."
Cusano Maduro,4 out of 5,"Mild cigar, nice price","Took advantage of a sale and tried a box of these. Nice even draw, light taste, good long ash. While the wooden box is a nice touch, it isn't air tight enough to serve as a long time storage humidor. I had two Humi-Care Pillows in the box and could only maintain a 50% humidity. Anyway, the important take-away is this is a very reasonably priced, tasty cigar."
Cusano Maduro,5 out of 5,Quality cigar.,this is very smooth. Just a good flavor. No bite.
Cusano Maduro,1 out of 5,Trash,"Don't waste your money. Everything about these sticks was disappointing except their appearance. Even the bands are poorly done & refuse to come off as you would think they should. First one out the box burned so poorly I refused to keep fighting 2/3 in. Even after a week in humidor I find the taste to be, at best, a let down. Thin & almost acrid in flavor with absolutely no richness or character. Three out of first five were rolled way to tight. I expect more of the same as I go through the rest. I enjoyed them so little I won't even give them away. Don't be fooled into thinking that because they're made by Davidoff that you will be getting anything close to premium. That's the mistake I made. All I know is I won't ever buy the again."
Cusano Maduro,4 out of 5,Cusano Maduro,Great cigar and terrific price
Cusano Maduro,4 out of 5,A very enjoyable smoke,"These cigars were a very nice smoke for the price. I had no duds, as I have from other less expensive cigars in the past.
I look forward to trying some of their other cigars in the future"
Cusano Maduro,5 out of 5,"Excellent cigar, great value",Feels and smokes like a more expensive cigar. I will definitely order again!
Cusano Maduro,4 out of 5,Cusano Maduro Toro,"Very nice, smooth, not harsh. Medium in flavor. I like it. Construction, draw and the burn are good."
Cusano Maduro,2 out of 5,No big deal,"Had some friends over and passed out a few. Got several negative comments from others in the group about the aroma; ""smells like a cheap cigar"", smells like cigarette smoke but stronger"". I have to admit they have no real taste. Won't buy them again."
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Good daily smoke,"Even burn, economical, and nice flavored smokes"
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Good smokes,"Decently rolled; long filler; mild, pleasant to smoke. Great everyday smoke!"
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,3 out of 5,"Good smoke, but the draw","Good smoke, but the draw and the burn were inconsistent."
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Mild smoke,"Nice mild smoke, but could be better rolled and tightened."
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,4 out of 5,great deal,"delicious blend of tobacco with a well rolled stick. has a hearty taste of coffee, and a slight sweet chocolate. smooth smoke with no bite but a medium strength. my usual smokes are romeo et juliet and punch and these are a perfect alternate at a cheaper price."
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Good smooth smoke,"Enjoyed smoking these gems, excellent value for the price. Will be purchasing more."
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Cusano N1,I found this cigar to be a tasty morsel. started off smooth and remained to the end. It is one of those cigars I would classify as a good everyday cigar.
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,5 out of 5,First order,I really enjoyed these cigars. Good flavor burned smooth great with a glass of scotch
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Thank you,Thank you
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar for the money. Great deal.
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great Inexpensive everyday Smoke. Great,Great Inexpensive everyday Smoke. Great Flavors. Perfect for the drive to and from work.
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,3 out of 5,Not great,"Light on flavor, but well made, easy draw, even burn."
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Would buy again,Would buy again
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Good Robusto,Nice cigar
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,3 out of 5,Cusano,Pretty good.
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Really nice budget cigars.,I’ve long enjoyed the Cusano M-1 Connecticut as a mild smoke in the evenings when I didn’t want a stronger cigar to keep me up so I thought I would try these Nicaraguans and was pleasantly surprised. Nice light medium bodied smoke. Great value.
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Nice smoke but burned a,Nice smoke but burned a bit funny
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,5 out of 5,great items,very smooth and great price
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,4 out of 5,good cigar with a nice,good cigar with a nice aroma
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,1 out of 5,"Good flavor, horrible construction",Expected much more from Cusano. Just fell apart even after days in humidor
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,3 out of 5,Perfect everyday smoke,These sticks are an excellent choice for everyday smokes. Good amount of flavor and construction/burn are very consistent. Will buy again for sure.
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Very good for the price,"Lots of flavor, on the fuller side"
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,3 out of 5,3/5,3/5
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great smo,Great smo
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Tasty,"an affordable,tasty cigar. My only complaint is that about 50% of them are rolled quite tightly, and draw is almost impossible , unless you open them up a bit with a draw rod. But , overall a good cigar !"
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,3 out of 5,Very good cigar for the,Very good cigar for the price
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Cusano n1 gordo,Great smoke will definitely reorder last 9 holes so only need 2 cigars around true burn.
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,5 out of 5,👍👍👍👍👍👍👍,Great everyday smoke with a great price👍👍👍👍👍
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,3 out of 5,An OK Smoke,"This smoke was a bit mild for me. Good flavor, good burn."
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great everydsy,"Good value and great tasting cigar. Very smooth, would buy it again."
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Cusano,A good medium strength cigar.
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,4 out of 5,good smoke for the money,good smoke for the money
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Best Bargain,Excellent cigar for bargain prices. These are the quality I expect from Cigars International.
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Smooth smoke,"I enjoy my Cusano's while sitting on my porch with a glass of Scotch. Them burn evenly, a great smoke!"
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,1 out of 5,"Good flavor, poor construction","These cigars burned overly quickly, canoed like crazy and were diffinently a disappointment.
DON’T WASTE YOUR MONEY."
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,2 out of 5,great price but its not a keeper in the humidor for me,"Good price but not a keeper. A cigar for moocher friends that one can give out. Taste is very lacking, would not buy again unfortunately."
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,1 out of 5,Big disappointment,While the taste of this cigar is ok every time you take a puff you get a bunch of small pieces of tobacco in your mouth and it is a fast burning smoke. Will not buy again.
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Beautiful cigar with great flavor. Excellent construction and beautiful wrapper.
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Better than expected,Looking for a golf cigar for the bums who never bring a cigar but want mine...this is considerably better than that. Sorry I got them for the mooches...Ha. Quality with Economy.
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Cusano N1 Nicara,Some bitter after taste on 3-5% of cigars.
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Softies,"Good smoke but soft, construction is iffy as well. I had 7 out of 20 throw aways. I let them cook in the humidor but not much difference first to last."
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Decent Cigar at a Great Price,"The Cusano Nicaragua burns cool with an ample amount of smoke. It isn't very complex. The flavor profile is dominated by earthiness with a little leather, and hints of cashews and white pepper. The price makes this a good value for an everyday cigar."
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,2 out of 5,To mild and tasteless,To mild and tasteless
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,2 out of 5,"Mediocre burn, frayed at area","Mediocre burn, frayed at area under the labels."
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,5 out of 5,So far so good,"Just fired up the first one of these guys, and so far so good. Nice burn, draw and flavor. I like the volume of smoke and seems to be well constructed since there was no canoeing in the the first one. I smoke 'em on the golf course and since the weather has turned here in Cincinnati, these babies will mellow in the humie for a few months. I'm sure they will be even better by spring."
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,5 out of 5,satisfied,Great cigar. very happy.
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,3 out of 5,cusano N1,not a bad stick. bit light for my pallet..
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Very good stick for the $,These are really good cigars. If your looking for an inexpensive alternative to the big boys for 1/2 the price these are for you 😉
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,3 out of 5,Mediocre,"Pretty well constructed for the price (at least those that I've received), but a kind of flat taste wise. Overall, nothing special..."
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great service,Great service
Cusano Nicaragua,5 out of 5,A Great Buy!,"A nice, reasonbly priced,full-flavored, but not overpowering cigar!"
Cusano Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Good smokes,Liked these a lot
Cusano Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Good cigar will order again,Good cigar will order again
Cusano Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Good cigar for the price,Good cigar for the price
Cusano Nicaragua,3 out of 5,they were okay,they were okay
Cusano Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Fair taste,I have only had one Cusano so my evaluation is premature.
Cusano Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Cusano,"Good taste, good burn, flavorful from start to finish. Good quality for the price."
Cusano Nicaragua,4 out of 5,"Enjoyed it, a little dry","Enjoyed it, a little dry or earthy but I would buy again"
Cusano Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Very good,Very good
Cusano Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Not bad!,I took a chance on these. I was pleasantly surprised. A decent smoke for a reasonable price.
Cusano Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great smoke,This is a great smoke for the price.
Cusano Nicaragua,5 out of 5,EXCELLENT GIGAR,EXCELLENT GIGAR
Cusano Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Smooth character,"No runs, drips, or errors on this cigar. I would buy again. Smooth draw, great taste, don’t get heat at the very end, just more flavor"
Cusano Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great Flavor,"I love these so much I smoke them when mowing the yard. They don't dent the pocket book to hard, If you want to smoke a little bit, get Churchill and some cigar scissors. They will last a long time."
Cusano Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Churchill Nicaraguan,"I found the majority to be smokeable right away, those that were a little tight we left in humi and within a few week were perfectl. Nice draw. Tons of smoke, great flavor. These are not very complex till the last third. Sweet tobacco to begin and carried through most of second third that’s where the flavor really picks up adding hints of white pepper and that all to familiar toasted Carmel ... I would consider these more mild-medium growing to full medium at the last third. Overall great construction no runs or wrapper issues found in most at this price
This is a very good every day/ yard gar with an excellent finish
At a great price. Get em now before demand drives up the price
I just bought 6 more boxes"
Cusano Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Cusano Nicarauga Churchill,great every day smoke great flavor steady consistent burn excellent price
Cusano Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Cusano a pleasant surprise,"I was pleasantly surprised by the price and overall quality of these sticks! The first thing that I noticed as I unwrapped one was the silky smooth wrapper! It was nut brown and unblemished, felt solid in my hand and it gave me a good feeling of anticipation! The aroma was pleasing while toasting the foot and the light was effortless and tasty! A nice cloud of smoke resulted with a creamy infusion of cedar that I enjoyed! I am pleased by all that I have smoked about 9 sticks into the box, I will order these again! Thanks again CI, you know what I like!"
Cusano Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Cusano,Nice medium-bodied cigar. A great sitting on the patio in the afternoon cigar.
Cusano Nicaragua,4 out of 5,"Tight roll, but manageable, dry.","Tight roll, but manageable, dry. But even burn."
Cusano Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Good effort by Davidoff on,Good effort by Davidoff on these traditional sticks. They've got great balance and a nice finish.
Cusano Nicaragua,4 out of 5,good flavor.,"I like the flavor of this cigar, but mine seem quiet tight on the draw with not much smoke output, nice cigar though."
Cusano Nicaragua,3 out of 5,Cusano Nicarauga Toro,"Not as smooth in its taste compared to Perdomo cigars.
It burned well and well constructed, also."
Cusano Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Love this cigar great value,Love this cigar great value
Cusano Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Mr. Incredible sez;,"What I like - not overwhelmingly bold but good body in a Gordo size. I won't knock you on your fanny! At a reasonable price. Oh, and the wrap is tight."
Cusano Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Overall nice.,Very much enjoy the flavor and nice even burn smoke. Some are a little hard draw but overall I am enjoying them.
Cusano Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great Nic,This stick was a pleasant surprise and an outstanding stick for the price
Cusano Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Very good smoke,The Churchill's are great.
Cusano Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Cusano Nicaragua,Great taste throughout. Even burn.
Cusano Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Cusano Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Fantastic,I will re-order.
Cusano Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Cusano Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Very good stick with abundant,Very good stick with abundant flavor!
Cusano Nicaragua,4 out of 5,good flavor,good flavor
Cusano Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Good cigar for the price.,Good cigar for the price.
Cusano Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Above Average!!!,"These are definitely a great buy for the price, and far above average in which I most certainly will keep these babies in rotation!!"
Cusano Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great Cigar for the Money,A splendid full-flavored cigar!
Cusano Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Very good,Would buy again
Cusano Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Pleasantly surprised,Good draw and even burn! Well balanced flavor and very well constructed. I will buy again!
Cusano Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Surprisingly Good Smoke,Smooth cigar with a good draw. Flavor is subtle with a warm cedar taste and slight peppery feel that transitions into a well balanced smoke.
Cusano Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Cusano Nicarauga Toro,"Cusano never disappoints. I typically buy Dominican versus Nicaraguan, however, these are terrific."
Cusano Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Lucky!,"Rolled a 7, good taste and burn. Don't buy them out I'll want more."
Cusano Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Great construction,This is a well made stick that burns evenly with no soft spots or tunnels. Tasty too.
Cusano P1 Maduro,3 out of 5,Cusano,Pretty good smoke until you got to about 3/4 down and then the head of the cigar got loose.. But still a good cigar for the money..
Cusano P1 Maduro,3 out of 5,Good golf course cigar,"This one works well on the golf course.
Fill is slightly loose and seems to have more short cut filler than long cut filler"
Cusano P1 Maduro,4 out of 5,Good taste,Good taste; A bit soft; Good every day cigar
Cusano P1 Maduro,3 out of 5,La Floridita,Pretty good smoke. Nice and dark maduro wrapper. Good for the price. Would only buy when on sale or free shipping.
Cusano P1 Maduro,3 out of 5,Tasty but...,"Very tasty although it seems to be put together from scraps of tobacco. No matter how you cut, punch or slice into the cap you end up spitting out bits and pieces while trying to enjoy the nice flavor"
Cusano P1 Maduro,1 out of 5,Not one burned evenly,Not one burned evenly
Cusano P1 Maduro,5 out of 5,Enjoyable..,Enjoyable..
Cusano P1 Maduro,2 out of 5,Honest opinion,I ordered the special 16 pack maduro's. I have now smoked every one of them. I'm very disappointed though it has an okay taste it burns very uneven and is sometimes difficult to draw.
Cusano P1 Maduro,5 out of 5,Great taste,I received the package in a matter of days. These cigars are very smooth and have a great taste. I've shared them with friends and family. Everyone says this is a great cigar.
Cusano P1 Maduro,3 out of 5,Not so,Not so great they don't burn evenly and they drop ash all the time as in they flake off. The taste is ok though. I just don't like having to relight uneven burns
Cusano P1 Maduro,1 out of 5,no,Burns so uneven never buy again
Cusano P1 Maduro,3 out of 5,Weird Cigar,"I have been smoking cigars for over 50 years. Before my retirement, I smoked only Cubans. This is the first cigar that I ever had that was better the second day than when I first lit it up. It has a tendency to burn uneven. It is a quick smoke. I truly expected more from a Davidoff product."
Cusano P1 Maduro,4 out of 5,Cusano P1 Maduro Churchill,For the price it is a very nice smoke.
Cusano P1 Maduro,4 out of 5,Nice,Nice smoke but not real long smoke.
Cusano P1 Maduro,1 out of 5,Disappointing Cigar,"This used to be my favorite bundle cigar. Then Davidoff bought Cusano and began the long slow slide to irrelevance. First they forgot to make them, so for years we could only get the P1 occasionally. Now it seams that they’ve brought them back to market with a new label and amateur rollers. I sampled the P1 and N1 and both were very poorly rolled every cigar in two bundles canoed badly. They were also so loosely rolled that a 6 x 60 smoked for less then an hour. Save your memories - pass on this cigar."
Cusano P1 Maduro,5 out of 5,cusano p1 maduro,a little harsh but good every day cigar.
Cusano P1 Maduro,3 out of 5,"Solid, but wouldn't purchase again","Not bad for the price, but wouldn't buy them again. Easy draw and certainly the solid taste of a handmade cigar, but the flavor is thin and reminiscent of some machined cigars. Smell of the smoke isn't bad but thin and without much aroma."
Cusano P1 Maduro,5 out of 5,tar leakage,great tasting but had tar leakage on about 5 of them.
Cusano P1 Maduro,2 out of 5,"Great Service, Bad Cigar Choice","CI's service is great and always is but this particular cigar is awful. Burns uneven, wrapper comes apart, and is just bad all around."
Cusano P1 Maduro,3 out of 5,Cusan Madura Churchill,Bought these on a wim. Price was great - smokes don't match up quality and taste wise.
Cusano P1 Maduro,3 out of 5,not the best I've had,So far each cigar burns unevenly. Not rolled very tight. Taste is very good but the uneven burn causes less enjoyment and an early quit.
Cusano P1 Maduro,2 out of 5,Probably wouldn't buy again,"Probably wouldn't buy again; lighter construction and binder is loose during the smoke. Flavor, however is solid for the price range."
Cusano P1 Maduro,3 out of 5,Nice cigar for the money,Had never had one before. There was a deal so I gave it a shot. Nice
Cusano P1 Maduro,5 out of 5,CP1Maduro,AAA bit skinny . . .
Cusano P1 Maduro,3 out of 5,Poor Quality,Decent smoke for the money but the quality is poor. Very uneven burn. The cap is so small that when cutting the cigar the entire cap is often removed resulting in some unraveling of the wrapper.
Cusano P1 Maduro,4 out of 5,Cusano,Good buy...a bit hollow on the draugh....
Cusano P1 Maduro,5 out of 5,Cusano P1 Maduro Gordo,A good smoke at a very good price.
Cusano P1 Maduro,5 out of 5,Cusano,Could not believe the quality for the price....very good out in the yard smoke to hunting camp. You could even give them away on the golf course to those people that are always mooching from you and not be embarrassed. 7/10 rating in my book.
Cusano P1 Maduro,1 out of 5,Returned Cigars,Very moist didn’t burn well and had to light several times
Cusano P1 Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Great Cigar
Cusano P1 Maduro,3 out of 5,Good for the price,They taste is great but the burn poorly
Daniel Marshall Gold Torpedo 2012,5 out of 5,Gold retirement cigar,I bought this for retirement. It will be in my humidor until that time. Arrived in great shape in a cool coffin box.
Dark Shark,4 out of 5,Dark shark,"nice little smoke throughout the day, good price good quality."
Dark Shark,4 out of 5,"Good anytime,","These are good anytime you want a good cigar, nice slow consistent burn, nice draw and a mellow smoke."
Dark Shark,5 out of 5,That Shark Cigar,A highly recommended cigar for a reasonable price I will purchase again.
Dark Shark,4 out of 5,good day to day gar,good day to day gar
Dark Shark,4 out of 5,Just a smaller version of,Just a smaller version of the church I'll excellent cigar for the price smooth smoking !
Dark Shark,4 out of 5,Dark Sharks,A good fairly mild smoke for a fair price.
Dark Shark,5 out of 5,Great with a bourbon,Great with a bourbon
Dark Shark,5 out of 5,Great cigar,This is my daily smoke. Great cigar for the price.
Dark Shark,4 out of 5,Have patience good cigars will come?,"Good gar for the small price, but don’t be in a hurry to smoke out of the shipping box. I’ve been ordering these for awhile, the longer they sleep on your humidor the better. I have a few stashed that I ordered well over 2 years ago."
Dark Shark,5 out of 5,His favorite,His favorite
Dark Shark,4 out of 5,pretty good smoke,good taste. a little hard on the draw but not too bad. worth it for the price.
Dark Shark,5 out of 5,Good,Good smoke till the end!!
Dark Shark,5 out of 5,Great flavor for a low,Great flavor for a low cost cigar.
Dark Shark,4 out of 5,Great value,Good rich flavor for a very economical price.
Dark Shark,4 out of 5,Like them. Wish they didn’t,Like them. Wish they didn’t cost $50. So you have something similar that costs less?
Dark Shark,4 out of 5,Great value for quality product,Great value for quality product
Dark Shark,5 out of 5,Inexpensive everyday smoke,"Good value for the money. Nice everyday smoke, great for unwinding after a long day."
Dark Shark,4 out of 5,Solid cigar,"Solid cigar, burns even, long ash, my standard for the golf course."
Dark Shark,5 out of 5,Smooth smoke even with the,Smooth smoke even with the dark wrapper. Great value.
Dark Shark,5 out of 5,Good from light to the,Good from light to the last puff
Dark Shark,5 out of 5,Good cigar.,"When I smoke Dark Shark cigars, everyone says “that cigar smells good.” I like the flavor and so do non smokers."
Dark Shark,5 out of 5,Great cigar,This cigar can compete with any premium cigar
Dark Shark,4 out of 5,Dark shark,Smooth smoke for the money
Dark Shark,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
Dark Shark,4 out of 5,Hidden gem,Great flavor and well built. Will purchase again and again.
Dark Shark,4 out of 5,Pleasantly surprized!,I gave these babes a try on a whim and was I stunned! I may have just found my new daily stick. I lit up my 2nd stick today and was pleasantly surprized. Nice construction and draw. Smooth until the foot when it lends towards a bit harsh but still enjoyable. I will report back on these when I have smoked another 10 or so. Not a bad smoke for the price!
Dark Shark,4 out of 5,Better than most,Always good !👍🏻 for an everyday cigar these are better than most. I’ve ordered these 4 times and will order again😀😀
Dark Shark,5 out of 5,Maduro bargain!!!,If you like maduros and bargains then this is the cigar for you. Long filler and tasty. A little rough looking but dont let that fool you. The cigar smoking shark logo would make a cool tatoo!!!!
Dark Shark,5 out of 5,Excellent bargain daily smoke!,"These sticks are an easy daily smoke. Rich, thick plume of smoke, but mild flavor and a hint of sweetness. Not too much pepper flavor, but enough spice to be interesting. Smoked past the label, still smooth on the mouth. Definitely will purchase again, a BARGAIN at this price."
Dark Shark,3 out of 5,Nice price......,"Only smoked a couple, bought for a cheap golf cigar,one had trouble staying lit. For the price it's ok but will spend a bit more for some flavor."
Dark Shark,4 out of 5,They had a nice roll,They had a nice roll on them. Nice full flavor. Clean burn all the way down
Dark Shark,3 out of 5,solid but nothing exciting.,"Burned a little hot for me, the flavor wasn't very complex. A solid cigar all around though, if you can get it cheap."
Dark Shark,4 out of 5,Dark Shark,Decent smoke for the price!
Dark Shark,4 out of 5,Top notch smoke,"One of my “go to” cigars, always in the humi..,goes great with a dark beer!"
Dark Shark,5 out of 5,Great cheap long filler,"I think this is a great stick, it's a amazing deal for a long filler Maduro. Has a hint of black pepper and coffee. But neither is overwhelming. Great Smoke!!"
Dark Shark,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Dark Shark,5 out of 5,A good everyday cigar!,A good everyday cigar!
Dark Shark,5 out of 5,cheaper,fine
Dark Shark,4 out of 5,Living on time for a,"Living on time for a good price. Looking forward to doing business with you again… In the very near future. Thanks, Warren"
Dark Shark,4 out of 5,Your options,Mine have a mixture of long leaf and sandwich. I'm new to cigars so I would like another view from you
Dark Shark,4 out of 5,Sharky,Good smoke
Dark Shark,4 out of 5,Pull the trigger. Sit back enjoy how much you saved.,For a daily smoke this is it. Even burn great start great ending. Cannot beat the price period. I'm am ordering second pack today.
Dark Shark,4 out of 5,Very good for the price.,Very good for the price.
Dark Shark,5 out of 5,My go to,"Too good for the price to buy much else...sure I’ll take a cao pilon if offered, but...."
Dark Shark,5 out of 5,Good cigars for the price.,Good cigars for the price.
Dark Shark,5 out of 5,The dark shark that's my two thumbs up!,For one of the cheaper bundles this is a gem absolutely fantastic burns like a razor highly enjoyable with a unique flavor to them it's hard to explain but here I'll give it a shot they taste not in a bad way but like you know when you're fishing and you open up a new package of lures has a little of that type of flavor and aroma to them not in a bad way if you need a humidor filler these babies are a clear shot to cigar happiness for the price but don't take my word for it you just going to have to go one-on-one with the dark shark.
Dark Shark,4 out of 5,good cigar for price,"Nice and smooth, good draft"
Dark Shark,4 out of 5,Good smoke,"Enjoyed them, should have bought more!"
Dark Shark,4 out of 5,Excellent,"Good smoke, unbeatable price."
Dark Shark,4 out of 5,Good cigar,"These cigars ain't very pretty,but have a mild flavor. They aren't packed too tight, but have an easy draw."
Davidoff 702 Series,5 out of 5,Awesome,Awesome
Davidoff 702 Series,5 out of 5,Amazing,This is one amazing cigar would recommend to anyone will buy again once im out of them
Davidoff Aniversario Series,5 out of 5,"very smooth, enjoyable","very smooth, enjoyable"
Davidoff Aniversario Series,5 out of 5,Such a pleasant experience that it haunted me for a week!,"I received a Davidoff Small Perfecto in my first month's Cigar of the Month order. Great construction, even burn throughout and mild flavor from initial light to final little nub. I was actually surprised by how mild it was, in fact my initial reaction was that it was too mild. But, after a couple of days I found that I was still haunted by how pleasant the experience was . . . the most pleasant experience I've ever had smoking a cigar. Luckily I have the Double Cigar of the Month club order, so I've got another one of these babies waiting around for the right moment!"
Davidoff Aniversario Series,5 out of 5,Great tasting cigar,Davidoff’s double R is a great tasting cigar that also burns very evenly.
Davidoff Aniversario Series,5 out of 5,Best,This is the best cigar you can buy
Davidoff Aniversario Series,5 out of 5,Very good.,Good short smoke. Wish they were cheaper.
Davidoff Aniversario Series,5 out of 5,Davidoffs,Very good cigars
Davidoff Aniversario Series,5 out of 5,Absolutely the best,"Everything about this cigar is awesome. From the start to finish, it is worth every penny. Had bought a pack for a Christmas party. They went and everyone loved them. Can't wait to buy more."
Davidoff Aniversario Series,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Fantastic smooth creamy smoke. Really nice tobacco
Davidoff Aniversario Series,4 out of 5,"Good tasting, clean burning.",The cigar is good tasting and burns cleanly (doesn’t run).
Davidoff Aniversario Series,5 out of 5,Just the right size,"The perfect size cigar for an occasional smoker, mild but flavorful, burn perfectly"
Davidoff Aniversario Series,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Davidoff Aniversario Series,5 out of 5,its good time for anitime,its good time for anitime. will be good for you. smooth and creamy.
Davidoff Aniversario Series,4 out of 5,Not as great as I remember or as the costs suggest.,did not smoke clear flavor throughout. $$ should be as good from lighting to the point of knuckle burn. These were on your shelf too long!
Davidoff Aniversario Series,5 out of 5,A great balanced cigar to have in your humidor,"Pricey but worth it, I got this in the short perfecto, it is full of flavors from the beginning, starts off with a little vanilla coffee but it develops as it burns to a much richer cigar, the draw is easy and the construction is next to flawless. Will buy more for sure."
Davidoff Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Perfect,Perfect
Davidoff Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Always a Great Cigarillo!,Always a Great Cigarillo!
Davidoff Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Best I’ve found in a,Best I’ve found in a mini cigar
Davidoff Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Good buy,This is one of my favorite quick/short smokes. Solid good quick smoke.
Davidoff Cigarillos,5 out of 5,The Perfect quick smoke!!!,The Perfect quick smoke!!!
Davidoff Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Quality,Davidoff quality in a small package. I was impressed by the construction quality. Delicate and small but pack a large volume of smoke without burning down too quickly. Great for when time is short.
Davidoff Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Good taste and size,Good taste and size
Davidoff Cigarillos,5 out of 5,ich full body in a 20 minute smoke! Awesome deal-Davidoff for less!,rich full body in a 20 minute smoke! Awesome deal-Davidoff for less!
Davidoff Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Little cigars,These are my go to short smokes they are the best.
Davidoff Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Great little cigar,Great to have on a short break. Packs a lot of flavor and high quality throughout the smoke.
Davidoff Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Good little smoke,Good little smoke
Davidoff Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Fantastic little smokes,Fantastic little smokes
Davidoff Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Davidoff cigarillos,Excellent cigars. Perfect for 10 to 15 min smoke.
Davidoff Cigarillos,3 out of 5,They can carry more flavor,They can carry more flavor
Davidoff Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great mini cigar,Amazing flavor good for short smoke breaks
Davidoff Cigarillos,2 out of 5,Disappointed in Quality and Taste,"I was somewhat disappointed in this product from whom I consider one of the premier cigar makers. I realize these cigarillos are probably produced from left over trims and cuttings but there certainly was nothing remarkable in the taste. And unfortunately, although not attributable to Davidoff, when I opened the package and carefully removed my first cigarillo, it broke in my fingers due to extreme dryness from not being stored properly. They did revive after a few days in my humidor.
Overall, I was expecting more from the Davidoff brand."
Davidoff Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Nice,These little cigars are the best if you are out for a five minute smoke love them would buy over and over
Davidoff Cigarillos,5 out of 5,davidoff mini cigarillos silver,"nice for a quick smoke, 10-15 min; burns smooth and even, easy draw."
Davidoff Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great cigarillos,Great cigarillos
Davidoff Cigarillos,1 out of 5,Too harsh!!!!!,Too harsh!!!!!
Davidoff Cigarillos,3 out of 5,OK Everday,"They're a solid casual smoke, but a little harsh."
Davidoff Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Davidoff mini,Good flavor but too price
Davidoff Cigarillos,4 out of 5,A decent smoke. Ready for winter!,"Admit it, smoking cigars during the winter months can be drag. Luckily, this Davidoff mini cigarillo fits the bill. A quick 5-15 minute smoke that tastes great without wasting your time, tobacco, or your hard-earned cash. Just slightly stronger and more flavorful than their 'Gold' series. Recommended."
Davidoff Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great product,Great product
Davidoff Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Mild and enjoyable,"When the Davidoff Silver isn't available, this is next best choice. Good for that during the day cigar, but don't have enough time for a full one."
Davidoff Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Davidoff Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great mini cigars.,"Hard to beat the quality and the price of these, this is a great smoke when you dont want to smoke a full size."
Davidoff Cigarillos,5 out of 5,great little smoke,great little smoke
Davidoff Cigarillos,3 out of 5,I was expecting a little,"I was expecting a little bigger smoke,,, meaning Ring size.... Could Be just ny fault."
Davidoff Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Excellent,"Great Cigar, love the flavor..."
Davidoff Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Davidoff cigsrillos,Excellent
Davidoff Cigarillos,4 out of 5,The flavor is smooth and,"The flavor is smooth and rich. However, I find that they dry out quite quickly if not stored in a humidor"
Davidoff Cigarillos,5 out of 5,cigarillos,very good
Davidoff Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Very good,Very good
Davidoff Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Nice and Flavorful!!,When you don't have time for a stick but you want one...this is your go to!!!
Davidoff Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great for the wife!!,Great for the wife!!
Davidoff Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Nice size and a good,Nice size and a good taste
Davidoff Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Very good cigarillo,Very good cigarillo
Davidoff Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great smokes,Great smokes
Davidoff Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Tasty little mothers,So smooth like all Davidoff products.
Davidoff Cigarillos,5 out of 5,very nice,very nice
Davidoff Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great winter smoke!,"Honestly surprising! I got some really interesting flavors of cherry, in addition to some Earth and leather. Fantastic for the cold weather!"
Davidoff Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Best mini out there,Most flavor I have gotten from a mini. Almost as good as a full sized stick
Davidoff Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great flavor cigarillio!,Great flavor cigarillio!
Davidoff Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Best little cigar out there!,"For,all those who love med to full and full cigars but don't have time to enjoy one when your out this is the solution."
Davidoff Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Just right!,Superb! Really enjoyed these beauties!
Davidoff Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Awesome.,"These guys cancelled my order before my wedding because they were unable to verify my credit card account. I had missed an email from CI because it was not sent through their same email address, and did not see an email looking to make sure I was the one using my credit card. My order was cancelled days before my wedding where I was planning a full cigar bar. I called CI immediately, and they helped to make sure that I was able to get my order back up and going. They provided immediate and great service with dead-on delivery results. Products were excellent and so well received by all of my guests. CI was doing their job in protecting my identity, and still did a great job in making sure that I was happy! Definitely will be ordering more and more from them again! Thank you!"
Davidoff Cigarillos,5 out of 5,excellent short smokes,"these Davidoff mini Cigarillos Silver are absolutely delicious short smokes. About 3 minutes each. So much flavor!
I have smoked them for about 20 years. Wouldn't want to miss them ever."
Davidoff Cigarillos,3 out of 5,"Davidoff minis, silver, eh","Love the size of these lil guys. Perfect for smoke break at work. Flavor is ok, but the Gold minis are far better. Really wish CI would stock the Davidoff Nicaraguan Minis in the black box, they cost more but totally worth it"
Davidoff Cigarillos,5 out of 5,David off cigarillos,Small package-awesome full body flavor!
Davidoff Escurio,5 out of 5,Always perfect,Always perfect
Davidoff Escurio,5 out of 5,"Excellent, a touch lighter than Late Hour","This was my last Davidoff to check off my list, it is excellent. My favorite cigar is the Davidoff Late Hour but this Escurio was just EXCELLENT! I would say it is a TINY bit lighter than the Late Hour. Either of these two cigars are just wonderful."
Davidoff Escurio,4 out of 5,Awesome!,"Really tasty stick! Velvety mouthfeel and taste with hints of spice, leather. Wrapper smells of cocoa. Great draw and even almost razor sharp burn with long ash!"
Davidoff Escurio,5 out of 5,Very good stick,"Absolutely exquisite smooth all the way down to the stub
Highley recommend
But very expensive
Have never smoked a smother stick!"
Davidoff Escurio,1 out of 5,Burns hot.,Burns hot.
Davidoff Escurio,5 out of 5,"Excellent ""Shorty""","Fantastic ""shorty"" with the full Davidoff Flavor and excellence."
Davidoff Escurio,5 out of 5,I Love This Cigar.,This cigar is great. I'm always on the hunt for something like it but half the cost but it doesn't exist. You'll just have to eat the cost and buy it. If you like a maduro fan this is a must try. I give a 9.5/10. Bought 5 they where gone in a week.
Davidoff Escurio,5 out of 5,ALLRIGHT ALLRIGHT ALLLLRIGHT,These things are going to cost me alot of money. That is all.
Davidoff Escurio,5 out of 5,Davidoff Escurio Primeros,This was a really good smoke. Especially for such a small cigar
Davidoff Escurio,5 out of 5,Awesome!,"Great cigar, new to Davidoff but so far I haven't smoked a bad one! I had this cigar a few nights ago and loved its flavor profile."
Davidoff Escurio,5 out of 5,Smooth Escurio,"Picture a clear autumn night out by the fire pit...and smoking the perfect cigar. The Escurio from start to finish is that smooth, flavorful smoke that makes you feel like not wanting to leave."
Davidoff Escurio,3 out of 5,Not a big fan,Wasn't what I expected I'll stick with my cohibas
Davidoff Escurio,4 out of 5,Great cigar. Obviously the price,Great cigar. Obviously the price is a little hard to swallow so would not be an every day stick for me. But the taste and construction are flawless so this will definitely be a special occasion cigar
Davidoff Escurio,5 out of 5,EXCELLENT SMOKE,EXCELLENT SMOKE
Davidoff Escurio,5 out of 5,Great short smoke!,Great short smoke!
Davidoff Escurio,3 out of 5,davidoff escurio robusto,not a bad smoke but not totally to my preference.
Davidoff Escurio,3 out of 5,THe last order of 50 was bad [not Davidoff].,Two cigars I could not draw. Half [so far] will not stay lighted or burned irregularily.
Davidoff Escurio,5 out of 5,I liked they are good,Good cigars
Davidoff Escurio,5 out of 5,Love this smoke,"the Brazilian wrapper makes this a nice spicy smoke
I highly recommend this new item from Davidoff"
Davidoff Escurio,5 out of 5,Excellent Short smoke.,Excellent Short smoke. perfect when I don’t have much time.
Davidoff Escurio,5 out of 5,Delicious!!,This cigar was absolutely fantastic!!
Davidoff Escurio,5 out of 5,Quality tabacos,They aré aléjate fresh
Davidoff Escurio,5 out of 5,Fantastic from Davidoff,A great new cigar from Davidoff. This size is perfect for a quick relaxing smoke.
Davidoff Escurio,5 out of 5,These are great suckers!!!!!,"To put it short, these are fantastic for a short yet relaxing smoke in the cold. If you need something in the winter the petit ones do the trick."
Davidoff Escurio,5 out of 5,cigars,this cigars is well made. yes iwill buy more in the future
Davidoff Escurio,5 out of 5,Nice Cigar,Excellent construction and smooth taste.
Davidoff Escurio,5 out of 5,awsome cigars,david off petit robustos iwill buy again
Davidoff Escurio,4 out of 5,FULL Flavor Davidoff,"Normally the FULL flavor rating on the Davidoff line of cigars doesn't come close. The Escurio Gran Toro changes that. It's by far the fullest flavor cigar in my opinion from the Davidoff line. Full and true all the way to the nub. Excellent smoke!! If it had the pepper, spicy finish that the Short Perfecto has it would get 5-stars and be my Favorite smoke. None the less, finally a true full smoke, with the always awesome Davidoff flavor."
Davidoff Escurio,4 out of 5,lovely cigar!,"it deserves 5 stars for construction and burn! from a craftmanship perspective it is a work of art. i have smoked three now and this has been really consistent. however from a flavor perspective, the cigar lacks the depth and richness i would have expected… i was looking for more really deep notes of earth and chocolate that weren’t really there. mind you it was not at all unpleasant (i enjoyed them, it’s just not my favorite cigar. in the davidoff label i prefer the black label nicaraguans."
Davidoff Escurio,5 out of 5,petit robusto cigars,a relaxing smoke
Davidoff Escurio,5 out of 5,"Perfect, just what I needed....","First class service, outstanding cigars. You can't go wrong here folks...."
Davidoff Escurio,5 out of 5,Review of Escurio,"I am very impressed with the flavor of this beautiful cigar. Multiple changes throughout the cigar from spice to sweet with some earth and nuts. The burn is fairly good, I have seen a little uneven burn but the cigar self corrected.
CTappan,
McClellanville SC"
Davidoff Escurio,5 out of 5,You can't go wrong with CI...,"Quick service, excellent selection, decent prices...what's not to like!!!!"
Davidoff Escurio,4 out of 5,Great stick,"Good stick. I didn't enjoy it as much as the Millenium blend. hard a hard time keeping it lit. The draw was perfect, smoke output was great. Worth the price."
Davidoff Escurio,5 out of 5,Outstanding,"In a word, OUTSTANDING!"
Davidoff Escurio,5 out of 5,Excellent,Complex smoke
Davidoff Escurio,5 out of 5,robusto short,awsome short robusto will buy more
Davidoff Escurio,5 out of 5,cigar to try,awsome cigar will buy more
Davidoff Escurio,4 out of 5,Another satisfying Experience!,"Having smoke time limited to weekends I look for a great experience every time.
This lived up to my expectations!"
Davidoff Escurio,5 out of 5,yes iwould recomend these cigars if you are short on time,awsome cigars
Davidoff Escurio,5 out of 5,yes iwould recomend these cigars if you are short on time,summer is almost over this cigar is perfct for watching any sports event or going to casinos
Davidoff Escurio,5 out of 5,WOW!,"The wait is finally over. It was worth the wait & the price. Unfortunately anticipation forced me to smoke 2 immediately. I'll try to let the other 2 sit in the humidor. Like I said, I'll try? If they were great from the gate, I'm imagining what will they taste like with a little time in the humidor? All I can say is WOW!"
Davidoff Escurio,5 out of 5,WOW!,"The wait is finally over. It was worth the wait & the price. Unfortunately anticipation forced me to smoke 2 immediately. I'll try to let the other 2 sit in the humidor. Like I said, I'll try? If they were great from the gate, I'm imagining what will they taste like with a little time in the humidor? All I can say is WOW!"
Davidoff Grand Cru,5 out of 5,Davidoffs,Very good cigars
Davidoff Grand Cru,5 out of 5,Smooth Smokers,"If you are looking for an easy draw and a smooth cigar, this is for you.
It's a little too pricey for the amount of time you have to smoke it, but it is truly a wonderful cigar.
Upside; Great taste, easy draw, good for a quick smoke.
Downside; Pricey, smokes too fast to truly know you've enjoyed it fully.
I still give it a high rating."
Davidoff Grand Cru,5 out of 5,Davidoff Grand Cru,"Excellent in every way, no need to say more."
Davidoff Maduro Series,5 out of 5,My go to Stick,Love these great every day smoke for me.
Davidoff Millennium Blend,4 out of 5,Quick Response,Good cigar to smoke with a good bourbon.
Davidoff Millennium Blend,5 out of 5,Few match this Davidoff,"Few sticks excite the way this one does. The construction, draw, flavor and consistency are rarely topped in the stogie world. Expensive? Maybe....but well worth it. Told my youngest daughter how much I adored these...I received a box of 10 for Christmas. First I pulled from my new box and I want to save for special occasions. The occasion today? I wanted a great cigar."
Davidoff Millennium Blend,5 out of 5,Davidoff Millennium,"Excellent-smooth, great taste and aroma."
Davidoff Millennium Blend,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Don’t be afraid of the price. Nice even draw with a good blend to match
Davidoff Millennium Blend,4 out of 5,Average at Best,"At twenty-three dollars per stick, these Davidoffs certainly don't live up to the hype. Well built but disappointing aroma."
Davidoff Millennium Blend,5 out of 5,Exquisite,"Exquisite construction, burn and layers of complex flavor throughout the smoke. Met all ver high expectations."
Davidoff Millennium Blend,4 out of 5,Davidoff Millenium,"Davidoff never, ever disappoints"
Davidoff Millennium Blend,5 out of 5,My opinion,"This cigar in this blend & size is the best thing that ever happened to fire& smoke, very unique & can sit right next to the Padron 1964 anniversary in natural size principe! Nothing else needed."
Davidoff Millennium Blend,3 out of 5,Gino F,"Inconsistent ,
Some are rolled hollow which they burn extremely fast ,
When is right it’s excellent !
I expected better from davidoff for the price ."
Davidoff Millennium Blend,5 out of 5,Awesome smoke,Awesome smoke
Davidoff Millennium Blend,5 out of 5,Amazing!,Davidoffs are my absolute favorite!
Davidoff Millennium Blend,4 out of 5,Ok for Davidoff I expected,Ok for Davidoff I expected better
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Davidoff,The best cigar I’ve had.
Davidoff Nicaragua,3 out of 5,Good cigar,Over-priced in my opinion.
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,One of the best night,One of the best night smokes.
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great cigar!!,Two thumbs up
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Davidoff,"My package was lost, it was worth the wait and money"
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Ultra Premium,"It seems that mediocre with a nice cigar band is what passes for premium these days.. Fortunately, Davidoff Nicaragua breaks that mold. A true premium cigar that is worth spending the extra money on. Looks great, smells great, tastes great--and just as important...burns great. Truly an Ultra premium."
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,A nice smooth and even,A nice smooth and even smoke. A great tasting cigar. A very good cigar...
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Perfect,Diadema with buffalo trace what could go wrong. Absolutely nothing. Perfect!!!
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,A friend raved about this cigar so I had to give it a try. I will admit I'm a novice but this is one of the best smokes I've had so far. I will definitely keep a supply iny humidor.
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Awesome smoke,One of the best cigar I've smoked!
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,One of the finest cigars on the market!,Nicaraguan tobacco at its finest! Thick smoke and slow burn and a taste supreme. Elegance and style all wrapped up in this beautiful stick.
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Just Wait..,These are so good but so expensive. Very impressive smoke! Give these some time in your humidor they need to be properly humified to really shine.
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Davidoff Nicaragua,Always a great cigar !!
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Davidoff Nicaragua Toro,"When they arrived in the mail they felt quite firm and I became nervous. However, I enjoyed the first one on the golf course today. It was excellent and not dried out. Thank you for inquiring."
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great cigars,Order cake quickly. Everything was good.
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,AWSOME SMOKE!!,Will buy it again! Can’t go wrong
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Love CI,Super fast delivery and the best deals in the nation
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Davidoff,Mellow from start to finish. Even burn and fine ash. Worth the try!
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Davidoff Nicaragua Robusto Tubos,"I was very excited to receive my Davidoff Nicaraguas, one of my favorite treats. They arrived in excellent condition and were pleasantly fresh. Will be re-ordering more shortly!"
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Davidoff nicarague,Great cigar to enjoy after a long day
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Top of the line,"One of my favorites. Very smooth, consistent, great flavor. Can definitely tell this is a premium cigar."
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Great draw with full flavor and staying power Worth the premium.
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Davidoff Toro Box Press,Excellent - I consider these the best. Cigars came in great condition. Highly recommend.
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great cigar !! Medium Body,Great cigar !! Medium Body by some nodes of pepper and almond.
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,"Excellent cigar. Smooth taste, great","Excellent cigar. Smooth taste, great burn with fulsome smoke. Most enoyable. Sorry I didn't buy more"
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Davidoff Nicaragua Diadema,Consistently outstanding cigar
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,What a good choice to compliment a shot of scotch!
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Perfect Cigar,Great taste. Very well built. Need almost 2hours to finish. Always in my Humidor
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Top Shelf Stuff,Amazing Cigar! One of the best I have ever had. A little pricey but worth every penny. Great flavor and not too strong.
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Excellent,Great ! Cigars were shipped promptly and were very fresh. Thank you!
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,A great balanced cigar to have in your humidor,Love it. Will buy more for sure.
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Too strong,It's a beautiful cigar but not for medium strength lovers
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,My Favorite,"The Davidoff were great, great taste, great timing, and pleasant shopping! Overall great experience!"
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Tubo for Lunch,"The Davidoff Nicaragua is a confident man's cigar. The robusto in particular is hearty and rich. It's like smoking a hot cup of special reserve coffee next to your favorite fire in the middle of the woods, on a crisp January day. No need to eat lunch. This stick is more than enough to satisfy."
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,"Davidoff nicaragua, robustos","Sent a box of these robustos to my sons father-in-law, an avite cigar smoker and gave it a strong 97% both in taste and slow burn. Great hit with the in-laws! Ordering another box as we speak! Excellent choice....."
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Well worth the price,I have mostly smoked Cubans over the past 5 years. These Davidoffs are similarly priced and well worth it.
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Davidoffs!,Best cigars I've ever had! Great customer service!
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,dav nic.,"Best draw,great finish"
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,pointrick,Well Done!!
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,My new favorite,The dark wrapper makes this a great slow smoke
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Availability of fine cigars,"There aren't many places selling some of the best cigar brands, and that's why I like CI!"
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,excellent smoke,excellent smoke
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Davidoff nicaragua,Very nice stick
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Thumbs Up!,Superb smoke! Best I personally have had the pleasure to enjoy.
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Davidoff Box Press,Flawless cigar-great smoke as expected. Would buy more if not so expensive.
Davidoff Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Davidoff,Just swell
Davidoff Nicaragua,2 out of 5,Davidoff nicaragua robus to tubos,I couldn't wait to smoke one but when I did I was very disappointed. It actually tasted terrible. I had my friend try one and they said same thing.no more Davidoffs for me
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"One of the best cigars you can buy, worth the price."
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Super Bowl,"Hope it's good,will not smoke the first one until the Bengals win the Super Bowm!"
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,simply the best,You can't go wrong with the Davidoff Nicaragua Toro whether it's for a special occasion or a regular smoke. This is cigar is of the highest quality.
Davidoff Primeros,5 out of 5,rich but smooth,rich but smooth
Davidoff Primeros,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,"What can you say about Davidoff, it is an excellent cigar.
The Primeros are good if you don't have the time for a full size cigar. I love them."
Davidoff Primeros,5 out of 5,Great lil' smoke!,They may be small but they pack a big punch! Full flavor in little package. The only problem for me was that you have to smoke quickly so it stays lit.
Davidoff Primeros,5 out of 5,Tasty little smoke.,I've been looking for a smaller smoke to pas the time during the week and found it with this tasty little number. The only problem is when finished I want another.
Davidoff Primeros,5 out of 5,Tasty smoke!,Very smooth and a delight to smoke anytime of day. Thoroughly enjoyed and will order again!
Davidoff Primeros,5 out of 5,"Davidoff cigar brands, especially Winston","Davidoff cigar brands, especially Winston Churchill in my opinion are exceptional, and fully relax me.
your prices and service also are very good.."
Davidoff Primeros,5 out of 5,Great quick smoke,Great quick smoke
Davidoff Primeros,5 out of 5,Wonderful cigars,"These cigars are very nice smoke, draw well, smell and taste wonderful. CI shipped the my total order timely, CI has exceeded my expectations."
Davidoff Primeros,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Perfect size for winter.
Davidoff Primeros,5 out of 5,Small in size Large in flavor.,I loved the Primeros it had a nice smooth taste with a nice oily finish and woodsy finish. Tons of flavor in a small Primero.
Davidoff Primeros,5 out of 5,Smooth,"If your looking for a smooth little smoke , when time is short these Dominicans will do it. It’s a Davidoff so you know the draw and burn are perfect. Definitely will be buying again. CI has impeccable service they got to me fast and fresh!!!"
Davidoff Primeros,5 out of 5,best priced Davidoff,This is the best deal on Davidoff.
Davidoff Primeros,5 out of 5,Davidoff Primeros,"Good smoke for the winter, quick and really smooth."
Davidoff Primeros,5 out of 5,Great cigar.,Really great cigar in every way. Smooth. Great flavor. Couldn't ask for more. I now see why the full size are so pricey.
Davidoff Primeros,5 out of 5,Great quality,Cigars arrived nicely and great quality
Davidoff Primeros,5 out of 5,Always a pleasure,Of course with Davidoff you expect a lot and they usually always deliver. The small size is perfect when I want a great taste but don’t have the hour sit down time.
Davidoff Primeros,5 out of 5,You Get What You Pay For!,"Exceptional quality, rich thick smoke for those times when you just can’t manage to get an hour away. I enjoy this product from Davidoff quite often during the work week. As always, Davidoff provides top shelf tobacco products that deliver what you expect. You will not be disappointed."
Davidoff Primeros,5 out of 5,Excellent prices and quick delievry,Excellent prices and quick delievry
Davidoff Primeros,3 out of 5,blah,"not a bad little smoke, but not as flavourful as i though it would be. it is difficult for a cigar this this to have any complexity."
Davidoff Primeros,5 out of 5,Davidoff Primeros Dominican Primeros,Great product. My friends love them!
Davidoff Primeros,5 out of 5,Smooth,"I'm new to smoking, these were suggested to me as an introduction to cigarillo smoking. I found them to be smooth,mild and easy to smoke."
Davidoff Primeros,5 out of 5,Davidoff,You want the best order Davidoff !!!!
Davidoff Primeros,5 out of 5,Davidoff,Does it get any better ????
Davidoff Primeros,5 out of 5,Davidoff,Fantastic stick for your money. Will purchase again !!!!
Davidoff Primeros,5 out of 5,Hole in one,Excellent smoke for the price. Great smoke on the links to share with special friends whom appreciate fantastic flavor and a smooth draw boys !!!! Hole in one !!!!!!!!!!
Davidoff Primeros,5 out of 5,Tasty as expected,Can't get enough of these to enjoy and share with friends and the links guys. Well worth the price allowing a great flavor and tasty draw as you would expect from this great cigar maker. Buy these !!!!
Davidoff Primeros,5 out of 5,Davidoff who else ?????,Top of the line cigars to enjoy on the links boys !!!!
Davidoff Primeros,5 out of 5,Real treat,"Pricey but a real treat. Well constructed,easy draw and delicious."
Davidoff Primeros,5 out of 5,My friends loved these ! Great Christmas gifts.,My friends loved these ! Great Christmas gifts.
Davidoff Royal,5 out of 5,Ilgar,Nice cigars for the present )
Davidoff Signature Series,5 out of 5,Excellent quality and taste.,Excellent quality and taste.
Davidoff Signature Series,5 out of 5,Smooth,Great great great smoke
Davidoff Signature Series,5 out of 5,Bests,Bests
Davidoff Signature Series,5 out of 5,Great cigar,One of my favorite mild cigars.
Davidoff Signature Series,4 out of 5,Floral and light,Very nice floral notes from the davidoff #2. Even burn. Thats pretty much it
Davidoff Signature Series,5 out of 5,Smooth as silk,"Great taste, Great drawand perfect size"
Davidoff Signature Series,5 out of 5,Top Quality,"A very smooth, well constructed stick worth its price. Delicious and will buy again."
Davidoff Signature Series,5 out of 5,great gift,SON IN LAW LOVES THESE CIGARS AND ASKED FOR THEM FOR CHRISTMAS
Davidoff Signature Series,3 out of 5,Ok but not great,A good cigar but not worth the super premium price
Davidoff Winston Churchill,5 out of 5,Good cigar,Very good cigar. Perfect chill cigar while still packing a lot of punch while not being overwhelming.
Davidoff Winston Churchill,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Great cigar. Another winner from Davidoff
Davidoff Winston Churchill,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great draw and the smell is essential Dominican. Good!
Davidoff Winston Churchill,5 out of 5,Awesome,Awesome
Davidoff Winston Churchill,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,"The Churchills follow a long line of excellent Davidoff offerings. Smooth, consistent burn and a nice not-too-strong flavor. One of my favorites."
Davidoff Winston Churchill,5 out of 5,Davidoff Wintson Churchill,"Very good brand, excellent aroma, very relaxing cigar."
Davidoff Winston Churchill,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Davidoff Winston Churchill,5 out of 5,OMG,"Words just cant do this one justice. Perfect everything, construction, draw, burn...and that wonderful, smooth flavor or superbly blended and aged tobacco. I think I'm going to order more just to be sure though..."
Davidoff Winston Churchill,5 out of 5,Davidoff Winston Churchill Aristocrat,outstanding!!!!
Davidoff Winston Churchill,5 out of 5,Davidoff Rocked It!,"Recent fan of Churchill sizes in general so naturally needed to try one of the best and was not disappointed. Absolutely perfect in every facet. From appearance, pre-light draw, smoke volumes, smooth as ever flavor, and a perfect burn. I'm guaranteed to order more!"
Davidoff Winston Churchill,4 out of 5,Very Smooth Smoke,"A very smooth/creamy smoke. I tasted no bitterness or ammonia, just cream/earthiness/sweetness. For the price I expected more, but this was still a pleasant smoke and something I would recommend to anyone looking for a cigar that has the same type of flavor profile as a good Cuban cigar."
Davidoff Winston Churchill,5 out of 5,Smooth and delicious,Smooth and delicious
Davidoff Winston Churchill,5 out of 5,Buy these.,"Just an amazing smoke. When you pickup a Davidoff you expect a quality smoke, these delivered beyond my best expectations."
Davidoff Winston Churchill,5 out of 5,Winston Churchill aristocrat.,Nice smooth consistent smoke.
Davidoff Winston Churchill,4 out of 5,"Nice cigar, great price on","Nice cigar, great price on a Davidoff"
Davidoff Winston Churchill,5 out of 5,Davidoff Winston Churchill PetitbCorona,Davidoff Winston Churchill is my favorite cigar and the Petit Corona didn't disappoint. I got this size to smoke in my outdoor man cave.. I bought a 5 pack and was pleased with quality.
Davidoff Winston Churchill,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,One of the best I have ever had.
Davidoff Winston Churchill,5 out of 5,great smoke,"full bodied, rich creamy smoke"
Davidoff Winston Churchill,3 out of 5,Davidoff Cigars,Not impress on this premium cigar....
Davidoff Winston Churchill,5 out of 5,Run More Specials on Davidoff's,"you need to put these on special more often
I friend who also buys from CI said he too would buy them if they were on special"
Davidoff Winston Churchill,3 out of 5,Not a long filler Davidoff...,"It tastes great, smooth, even burn. However, I needed to use the wrapper for something and after I took it off, I took the binder off and lo and behold this is a mixed filler cigar! Lots of little scraps and a few long pieces. How disappointing."
Davidoff Winston Churchill,5 out of 5,A Great smooth smoke,"Creamy smooth deliciousness!! Davidoff may be a little pricey, but they are worth every cent!"
Davidoff Winston Churchill,5 out of 5,The Davidoff Winston Churchill Raconteur Petit Panetela is a perfect smoke,This pint size version of the much bigger sizes is the perfect 15 minute smoke with a wonderful aroma and taste. I have now made these my favored smoke of all.
Davidoff Winston Churchill,5 out of 5,great,great
Davidoff Winston Churchill,4 out of 5,Davidoff review,"I found the Davidoff to be remarkably smooth, with no bit from beginning to end. Pleasant tight wrapper, clean crisp ash. Excellent treat for my son who just completed his fellowship in allergy."
Davidoff Winston Churchill,1 out of 5,Davidoff winstons,Some cigars damaged but packaging was 100% intact. Not impressed.
Davidoff Winston Churchill,5 out of 5,Davidoff Winston Churchill,These Churchill's are on of the best cigars I have ever smoked. Could not be much better. I'am going to get some more as soon as these are gone.
Davidoff Winston Churchill,3 out of 5,Davidoff Winston Churchill,It was ok. A little light but I guess expected more.
Davidoff Winston Churchill,5 out of 5,Flawless,Great cigar Great Smoke Will Never Let You Down
Davidoff Winston Churchill,5 out of 5,I'm relaxed :-))),"OMG... A great cigar just enough for a quick, relaxing, great tasting smoke"
Davidoff Winston Churchill,5 out of 5,Davidoff Churchill Toro,Excellent product delivered in excellent condition
Davidoff Winston Churchill,5 out of 5,Service review,Was impressed that I ordered cigars on Dec 23 and got them the day after Christmas! Good condition too!
Davidoff Winston Churchill,5 out of 5,awsome david off cigars,awsome cigars will buy more
Davidoff Winston Churchill,5 out of 5,winston churchill cigars,awsome cigat will buy more
Davidoff Winston Churchill,5 out of 5,cigar to try,will buy more awsome cigar
Davidoff Winston Churchill,5 out of 5,Davidoff,"My cousin loved his present, a small order or Davidoff Winston Churchill Traveller Belicoso. Thanks Cigars Int'l!"
Davidoff Winston Churchill,5 out of 5,Davidoff Winston Churchill,This was a very good smoke.
Davidoff Winston Churchill,5 out of 5,Davidoff Winston Churchill,Awesome cigar with great flavor!
Davidoff Winston Churchill,5 out of 5,david off winston churchill traveler cigars,awsome cigars will buy more
Davidoff Winston Churchill,5 out of 5,Very Happy With CI,CI had the item at a good fair price. The order process was easy with fast delivery. THANKU T.O.
Davidoff Winston Churchill,5 out of 5,david off winston churchill traveler cigars,very good quick smokeyes iwill order more of these cigars.yes folks you should try these.for a quick smoke
Davidoff Winston Churchill,5 out of 5,Excellent!,"Read about this blend before it hit the B & M's. I anticipated it being good. Good was an understatement. Before I knew it I smoked 1 four days in a row. I thought I was exaggerating, so gave 1 to a friend. His initial puff was the same as mine. Wow. Medium smoke, but the flavors progressed with stick. Slow and steady change. After smoking this.... Who needs pre-embargo? Move over Cohiba Beheke?!"
Davidoff Winston Churchill,5 out of 5,Davidoff Statesman,More money than I usually spend but tough to resist at this price. Excellent construction and a smooth finish. Special occasion treat.
Davidoff Winston Churchill,4 out of 5,DWCS,"the DWCS was a very good stick not a very great stick.I like the taste and the build,however,after smoking the Olive V its hard to compare.I would give the stick an 89 rating."
Davidoff Winston Churchill,5 out of 5,Davidoff Winston Churchill Statesman,"This is one unbelievable cigar! While one must pay Davidoff's premium price for their fine cigars, the Churchill line of cigars is outstanding. Well crafted, with a medium to medium-full flavor, there are hints of subtle flavors through each stage of smoking this stick. Reward yourself and order a five pack, share one with a friend and keep the rest for yourself!"
Davidoff Winston Churchill The Late Hour,5 out of 5,My favorite cigar,My favorite cigar. If you love this definitely check out the Davidoff Escurio which is marginally lighter and my top 2 favorite Davidoffs
Davidoff Winston Churchill The Late Hour,5 out of 5,they are GREAT!! I wish,"they are GREAT!! I wish they would make a 60ring. however, i still will buy them again for special times, cause they are very expensive"
Davidoff Winston Churchill The Late Hour,5 out of 5,"Fantastically hard to describe, while being fantastic.","Wow, a sublime experience. Not an every day smoke, but what you would buy your father for a special father's day if he smoked sticks. Absolutely stellar, starts pretty pedestrian with a hint of scotch oakiness, then really gets with it, but never too peppery. I was told the note to non-participants nearby was remarkably pleasant. I almost want to be around someone else smoking one while I didn't to experience it. Has an essence so delicious we could not put our finger on. Just opulent and fantastic on every level. Splurge and throw a few in your humidor for really special occasions. cheers-"
Davidoff Winston Churchill The Late Hour,5 out of 5,A superb stogie!,A great smoke. One of my favorites to finish a night with. I wish they weren’t so pricey and scarce. Just got to wait for the right deal to come along.
Davidoff Winston Churchill The Late Hour,5 out of 5,Davidoff After Hours,"If I could only have one cigar, this would be it!"
Davidoff Winston Churchill The Late Hour,5 out of 5,Treat yourself to a real gem,"The Late Hour is a great cigar. A little expensive but but if you want to treat yourself to a great cigar, buy it."
Davidoff Winston Churchill The Late Hour,5 out of 5,Very good cigar. Especially with,"Very good cigar. Especially with scotch.
I enjoyed it very much. I had it at a late evening hour. And will recommend it to my friends who also enjoy cigars."
Davidoff Winston Churchill The Late Hour,5 out of 5,Very good cigar,One of the best i have in my collection now..
Davidoff Winston Churchill The Late Hour,5 out of 5,The Late Hour,"A delightful cigar, most enjoyable and relaxing cigar I ever had. Well worth the price."
Davidoff Winston Churchill The Late Hour,5 out of 5,Worthy of Mr. Churchill himself,"A smooth, yet flavorful smoke."
Davidoff Winston Churchill The Late Hour,5 out of 5,A True Work of Art!,"I had the good fortune to try one of these at the Davidoff Lounge in Las Vegas. What is it about this cigar? For starters, it's absolutely beautiful. The dark foil stamped band, the Churchill logo treatment and the gorgeous wrapper... it's a work of art! It exudes quality and refinement. I loved it before I ever lit it. And, the cigar lived up to all of that once lit. IMO, this is a top drawer treat. I know there are better cigars, more expensive cigars, etc. But this is the one I hope my kids get me for Father's Day... hands down!"
Davidoff Winston Churchill The Late Hour,4 out of 5,Just awesome,Just awesome
Davidoff Winston Churchill The Late Hour,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,"Bold,Good burn,will definently buy again,"
Davidoff Winston Churchill The Late Hour,5 out of 5,Worth the splurge,"Beautiful sheen on the wrapper. Perfect draw which created lots of smoke. Not overpowering but full of flavor. Too bad they are rich in price but if you're in the mood to splurge, you won't be disappointed."
Davidoff Winston Churchill The Late Hour,5 out of 5,The late hour,Bold but very smooth !
Davidoff Winston Churchill The Late Hour,4 out of 5,GREAT SMOKE,"Very nice cigar . Full body yet very smooth. Had one at CI's in Hamburg and another while in London at Davidoff Store.
Going buy a box once they are back in stock. Well worth the money"
Davidoff Yamasa,5 out of 5,"A+ cigar, a little lighter than Late Hour/Escurio","Wonderful cigar I would rate this as the third heaviest in the Davidoff line, but was more like a heavier medium bodied cigar. I prefer heavier cigars so Late Hour is my choice followed really closely by Escurio and Yamasa. Excellent flavor and thoroughly enjoyed it"
Davidoff Yamasa,5 out of 5,Fantastic,Fantastic
Davidoff Yamasa,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"Davidoff is a great cigar and whenever one can get them a little cheaper, that is a plus! Arrived well within the stated time"
Davidoff Yamasa,5 out of 5,Yamasa Petit Churchill...,"Another great smoke from Davidoff. Not as full as most but a great draw and even burn. I like the fact that it doesn't hit me with pepper first then flavor. Earthy, woodsy taste with a touch of chocolate thrown in... Lasts about 20 minutes so its a little pricey for a short smoke, but hey, its a Davidoff!"
Davidoff Yamasa,5 out of 5,Davidof Yamasa Piramid,"Very big smoke, excellent flavor"
Davidoff Yamasa,5 out of 5,One of the best!!,This is my favorite Davidoff so far! It's even better than the Year of the Rooster for about half the price. Well aged tobacco and balanced flavors.
Davidoff Yamasa,3 out of 5,Not worth the money,Expected more from this cigar. Lots of less expensive cigars are better than this. Only smoked one. Hope the rest are better
De Nobili by Avanti,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
De Nobili by Avanti,4 out of 5,DE NOBILI CIGARS,NOT A BAD LITTLE CIGAR!
De Nobili by Avanti,4 out of 5,excellent,excellent
De Nobili by Avanti,5 out of 5,If you smoke these,"If you smoke these you have achieved the best
This earth has"
De Nobili by Avanti,5 out of 5,Best there is,"It’s the American cigar, pairs well with bourbon."
De Nobili by Avanti,5 out of 5,denobil economy,smoke for shorter smoke in lieu of john bull etc! they are very tasty
De Nobili by Avanti,5 out of 5,De Nobili,wonderful
De Nobili by Avanti,5 out of 5,toscani longs,"good little smoke, a bit tightly rapped."
De Nobili by Avanti,3 out of 5,Italian shorties,Good for a short smoke
De Nobili by Avanti,3 out of 5,Meh,They're alright. Draw is kind of tight.
De Nobili by Avanti,3 out of 5,short smoke,they are just fine when you only time for short smoke
De Nobili by Avanti,5 out of 5,traditional smoke salud... slow burn,traditional smoke salud... slow burn great with friends
De Nobili by Avanti,5 out of 5,A great smoke,I love these cigars. They are mu go-to daily smoke. They last about an hour and a half and have a decent flavor.
De Nobili by Avanti,5 out of 5,Parodi means good cigars,I have been smoking DeNobili & Parodi cigars since they came 2 in a pack for 15 cents.
De Nobili by Avanti,5 out of 5,It is a great cigar,It is a great cigar
De Nobili by Avanti,5 out of 5,Little Italy,These are great little smokes just as good as when Gramps used to puff on them
De Nobili by Avanti,5 out of 5,Good cigars,Good cigars
De Nobili by Avanti,3 out of 5,Not as good as the,Not as good as the real Italian ones. Price a lot better though. I still like their parodi kings better from avanti offerings. though still not as good as the Classico/anticos toscano dry cures
De Nobili by Avanti,5 out of 5,A ton,my Dad loved these!......He smoked a ton of them!
De Nobili by Avanti,5 out of 5,Great,My Dad smoked a ton of these!!
De Nobili by Avanti,5 out of 5,Cigars,Great company an best deal
De Nobili by Avanti,4 out of 5,Good value for the price,Not the best but good enough
De Nobili by Avanti,5 out of 5,DeNobili Longs,my old favorite go to for a slow satisfying smoke
De Nobili by Avanti,5 out of 5,DeNobili CIgars,"If your looking for a quick smoke, look no further. A medium blend full of flavor smoke."
De Nobili by Avanti,5 out of 5,Dinobili sticks.,Good in between other famous smokes! John
De Nobili by Avanti,5 out of 5,Good smoke,I remember seeing the old timers smoking these when I was growing up. Now I’m the old timer. A good quick smoke when time is short. Leave a pack in your golf bag or tackle box.
De Nobili by Avanti,5 out of 5,I like The cigars But,I like The cigars But Sometimes The cigars Are Broken Inside But Other Then that Cigars Are Good
De Nobili by Avanti,5 out of 5,I love them and smoke,I love them and smoke only these for years
De Nobili by Avanti,5 out of 5,Anyday cigar,"I've had these before and not bad for the price, but the one drawback to this cigar is that they are very had to draw on."
De Nobili by Avanti,5 out of 5,Not a humidor queen!,"The take anywhere cigar! These are the best to take along on rugged adventures. No need to carry a portable humidor, just throw them in the backpack or glove box and head out to parts unknown. A great evening smoke around the campfire or after a the evening meal with a cup of cowboy coffee. I take these with me when I travel to the wild west prospecting and exploring. Offer one of these with a cup of black coffee from your campfire to the most hardened rancher or stoic Native American and you have a new friend and essentially the ""keys to the kingdom"". Because of this simple gift of a good cigar, I've been taken and shown deposits of copper for hunting turquoise, malachite and azurite, I've been taken to creeks with gold and to volcanic areas with diamonds, peridot and garnet by folks that generally don't want anyone anywhere near their ranch or property and in places it would have taken a lifetime to explore and find. These are great ice breakers in a world where men are still men and they look badass like ole Clint Eastwood in those spaghetti westerns and the price doesn't create a burden on the budget."
De Nobili by Avanti,4 out of 5,DeNobili,Same as in the 50's.
De Nobili by Avanti,5 out of 5,Always enjoyable,"It’s the only cigar that I buy regularly. Yes, I have other brands that I like but I don’t buy them consistently. These I do."
De Nobili by Avanti,5 out of 5,The only cigar to smoke only a very hot day,I consider these to be the only cigar to smoke only a very hot day. You do not have to worry about them drying out and they have a unique flavor. They also make great cigars for traveling because they are not as delicate as a humidified cigar and they are inexpensive enough to only smoke part of. They also make a great and unique give-away cigar when meeting people on vacation.
De Nobili by Avanti,3 out of 5,"Different, but not bad","The product is different, the tobacco used is similar to tobacco used in cigarettes and tastes in my mind closer to a cigarette than a cigar. Not a bad smoke, just not really my thing"
De Nobili by Avanti,5 out of 5,Top notch,"Great service, great selection and quick delivery. Can not go wrong"
De Nobili by Avanti,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,I been a De Nobli smoker for some time now it's a very flavorful smoke at a good price.
De Nobili by Avanti,4 out of 5,"Very pleasant ""informal"" smoke","These are the same tobaccos as Parodi and Petri, both also by Avanti. They are a great change of pace from more conventional, humidified cigars. Woody in flavor (and texture!), they have a very pleasant fire cured taste, excellent with coffee. Though my humidors contain some of the finest sticks on the market, I will continue to occasionally turn to one of these for something different. They hold together even while riding a motorcycle, and also make a great yard 'gar."
De Nobili by Avanti,5 out of 5,I Like The Cigar,I Like The Cigar
De Nobili by Avanti,4 out of 5,De Nobili,I love these De Nobili cigars. They are strong and extremely satisfying. They are a nice change up to the premium big cigars. I cut these De Nobili's in half to provide a quick smoke.
De Nobili by Avanti,2 out of 5,Not my favorite,"At best there great while cleaning out the garage. Construction is pretty rough even for being dry cured and machine made, the draw varries with each stick and the flavor is that of a smoke filled cigarette."
De Nobili by Avanti,5 out of 5,Good prices. Fast shipping. Awesome,Good prices. Fast shipping. Awesome customer service.
De Nobili by Avanti,5 out of 5,Sampler - 40CT - Pefect Gift,I bought the mystery sample pack of 40 cigars as a gift for my husband. He was very happy with it!
De Nobili by Avanti,4 out of 5,Nice smoke,was introduced to these by father in law. Like them as a change from high priced sticks.
Devil's Weed Connecticut,5 out of 5,Devils Weed Connecticut Churchill,"This is one of my husband's favorite, smooth and burns evenly."
Devil's Weed Connecticut,5 out of 5,Very good smoke,Very good smoke
Devil's Weed Connecticut,4 out of 5,Great taste..,Great taste..
Devil's Weed Connecticut,5 out of 5,My review,They are a good cigar
Devil's Weed Connecticut,3 out of 5,Quick burn,Burns really quickly. There are better cheap cigars.
Devil's Weed Connecticut,5 out of 5,Devil's Weed,"Great taste, smooth not harsh!"
Devil's Weed Connecticut,4 out of 5,A good cheap cigar,A good cheap cigar
Devil's Weed Connecticut,4 out of 5,Very good tasting cigar Medium,"Very good tasting cigar Medium bodied,easy to light and easy draw! I still like the dark brew cigars better,but the conneticut wrapped stogies are well worth the money!"
Devil's Weed Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good Everyday Smoke.,Good Everyday Smoke.
Devil's Weed Connecticut,4 out of 5,Devil's Weed,Good cigar and pretty good flavor. Did notice several sticks did have hard stems but overall good cigar.
Devil's Weed Connecticut,4 out of 5,it a good cigar at,it a good cigar at first but at the end it burn your lip. I mean the tobacco do
Devil's Weed Connecticut,5 out of 5,Devil's Weed CT Churchill,Very good smoke.
Devil's Weed Connecticut,4 out of 5,Great cigar for the price,Great draw
Devil's Weed Connecticut,5 out of 5,Devil's Weed,"I finally, after much procrastination, I finally bought the Devil's Weed. It is now my ""Go To"" smoke when I get home."
Devil's Weed Connecticut,4 out of 5,"Good, intense tobacco flavor",Excellent for its price-quality ratio
Devil's Weed Connecticut,4 out of 5,DEVIL'S WEED,"A great cigar at a great price. Burns a little fast for a cigar. But, the aroma and texture make up for it."
Devil's Weed Connecticut,4 out of 5,Devil's Weed Connecticut Robusto,"Nice smooth, mild smoke and good burn. Only problem is that it easily comes apart in the mouth."
Devil's Weed Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good taste,Taste is smooth.
Devil's Weed Connecticut,4 out of 5,Devily Smooth!,"A really great smoke, especially for the price! Smooth draw, good taste1 I really enjoyed each stick."
Devil's Weed Connecticut,4 out of 5,A bit rough,"These were a bit rough around edges. The wrappers were not the best matured, some spots.... they tasted good enough though."
Devil's Weed Connecticut,3 out of 5,What is to be entered here?,Bad construction
Devil's Weed Connecticut,4 out of 5,Devil's weed,These are good smoking and at a fair price.
Devil's Weed Connecticut,5 out of 5,Devil’s Weed,Even burning and smooth
Devil's Weed Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good knock around cigar.,Good knock around cigar.
Devil's Weed Connecticut,4 out of 5,Love this cigar,Love this cigar
Devil's Weed Connecticut,4 out of 5,Smooth Burns to fast,"Smooth
Burns to fast"
Devil's Weed Connecticut,5 out of 5,"Smooth, rich smoke","Smooth, rich smoke"
Devil's Weed Connecticut,5 out of 5,Devil's Wees Robusto,Great.smoke!
Devil's Weed Connecticut,4 out of 5,Way excellent for the price,"Smooth cigar for an extremely reasonable price. These do burn quickly and somewhat unevenly. However, for the price, the quality is better than I expected."
Devil's Weed Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great smoke at a very,Great smoke at a very good price
Devil's Weed Connecticut,3 out of 5,Decent for the price,This cigar is a decent smoke for the price.
Devil's Weed Connecticut,3 out of 5,"Ordered this for my husband,","Ordered this for my husband, he said they were ok for a cheaper cigar"
Devil's Weed Connecticut,5 out of 5,Extremely Mild,"A very mild cigar. Perfect for someone just starting into cigars. Not over powering, but has descent flavor."
Devil's Weed Connecticut,5 out of 5,Mellow,"Nice mellow taste, easy draw and the price is on point. My new favorite."
Devil's Weed Connecticut,1 out of 5,TooTightly packed. Hard to draw.,TooTightly packed. Hard to draw. uneven burn
Devil's Weed Connecticut,5 out of 5,A good smoke,"Very pleasant smoke with mild flavor
A good smoke any time of the day
I’ll be buying more of these"
Devil's Weed Connecticut,2 out of 5,There ok,Even thou there nice and mild they don’t burn evenly!
Devil's Weed Connecticut,3 out of 5,"Ok, but not for you.","This is a fine, affordable cigar, but you probably should not buy it as supplies are limited and I would rather have them as a back-up than let someone like you enjoy them."
Devil's Weed Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good quality,Good quality
Devil's Weed Connecticut,5 out of 5,Very smooth cigars,Very smooth cigars
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,5 out of 5,Sweetness on the tip of,Sweetness on the tip of the cigar doesn't last like other brands but this cigars taste is surprisingly really good.
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,5 out of 5,GREAT ROCKY!!!,"Great taste... Great burn.
Just a greatRocky!!!"
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,4 out of 5,love these sticks.,"Very nice smoke for the price. Subtle coffee and chocolate notes. Not overly sweet, which makes for a feeling of higher quality. So far all have burned nicely. Smoked all down to the nub. I would say starts medium full and ends mild to medium. Band is high quality as well. Will definitely keep a plentiful supply."
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,4 out of 5,Devils weed madoro,"Ordered a bundle a month ago nice va
Flavor chocolate and coffee good cigar nice draw firm to touch enjoyed every one good and cheap burn as many as you want liked to order more waiting for restock definitely want these in my humidor"
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Value,Good everyday stick...
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,5 out of 5,👍🏿👍🏿👍🏿👍🏿👍🏿👍🏿,👍🏿👍🏿👍🏿👍🏿👍🏿👍🏿
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,4 out of 5,Great smoke for money,Great smoke for money
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,5 out of 5,great smokes,well flavored cigars
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,5 out of 5,Nice Flavor,Excellent for the price. Flavor and taste are nice.
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,1 out of 5,I wasn't expecting a Swisher sweet.,I wasn't expecting a Swisher sweet.
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,5 out of 5,Devil's Weed,"Nice smoke. Has a smooth flavor and nice even burn. Not too strong. A nice addition to any humidor, especially if you're into herbals and/or flavors."
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,5 out of 5,Love them....,Great flavor with a clean smooth burn. A great value too....
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,5 out of 5,Great taste!,"I usually don't smoke flavored cigars, but like Maduro, not bad at all!"
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,4 out of 5,nice smoke,"I enjoyed after trying for the first time. My on problem with this cigar is that some are rolled really lose and burn very quick. Has a great aroma, good every day cigar."
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,3 out of 5,Its Okay,"I purchased these sticks to try them out and they were okay. Decent construction and aroma but the taste reminded me of some bitter dark chocolate that a coffee infusion. Very blandish aftertaste. If you are on a tight budget, and want a somewhat infused cigar, this would do fine. Just ain't feeling this stick."
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,2 out of 5,Okay for everday,Not a memorable smoke but okay for the price.
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,4 out of 5,great,great
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,5 out of 5,dark brew,I thought they were great. iwas so sadden when i went to reorder theem they were all gone. The word Backorder was there.
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,4 out of 5,It's a good cigar,It's a good cigar
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,2 out of 5,Strong coffee flavor,"Decent flavor, but most burn badly. One wrapper just fell off!"
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,5 out of 5,Absolutely awesome!,Full bodied easy draw and beautiful coffee and chocolate notes! Must have in stock in your humidor!
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,5 out of 5,Better than expected,Got these on sale. Was pleasantly surprised by the flavor. Good everyday smoke. Will definitely buy them again.
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,4 out of 5,"Great start, meh finish","Nice, tasty cigar! Until the last quarter then it became just a gas station cigar. Great smoke when you want a cigar but don't have 2 hours."
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,5 out of 5,nice everyday cigar. really enjoy them.,"smooth smoke, easy draw, great coffee/chocolate taste. an extremely enjoyable cigar. definitely five stars."
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,4 out of 5,Nice,Hate to say it but it’s NICE. Hope that it doesn’t go on the back ordered list.
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke!!,"This is my daily smoke, so if you like flavored cigars like i do and like the coffee ones, then this your smoke!, this is a slightly sweet big bold cup of black coffee! I havent tried the other wrapper yet but i'm sure its great also, but i'm keeping this one and ya can't beat it for the price!!!"
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,5 out of 5,CIGARS,"OUTSTANDING,PLEASE KEEP THEM ON STOCK LOVE TJUS COMPANY"
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,3 out of 5,Not bad smoke decent nice,Not bad smoke decent nice draw a little to sweet for me
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,5 out of 5,very injoyable,very injoyable
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,4 out of 5,Great name even better smoke,A great relaxing smoke cool and tasty
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,1 out of 5,Overly infused,"Didn't realize this was an infused cigar. Guess I didn't read it right. However, the infusion is so overpowering. Will say the one I did try was well made and smoked well."
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,3 out of 5,"Sweet smoke and flavor, but not necessarily coffee...","I love coffee with my cigars, the graphics on the bundle are so much fun, so I had to try a bundle. First of al, this is my first ""coffee flavored"" cigar, but I really doubt these are coffee bean infused. Half way through my bundle of these cigars, this is my impression: 1) sweet smelling smoke...almost like incense. 2) Draw and construction is smooth and easy. 3) The taste is also sweet, but i don't get an impression of coffee from it. Conclusion: similar to other artificially flavored cigars. But it's not bad, especially for the price."
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,5 out of 5,Fantastic cigar,"Very sweet lot of coffee flavor not as much as a Java
Does burn a little too quick"
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,4 out of 5,Ok cigar,Good cigar for the price burns even had a few bad ones. Got alot of chocolate take very tastey. Keep separate from you none flavor smokes.
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,5 out of 5,Great tasting easy to draw,Great tasting easy to draw cigar
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,4 out of 5,"Coffee,chocolate","Great cigar wonderful flavor and aroma my wife enjoys . I can't afford javas except 1 or 2 here and there, these are darn my new cigar to my rotation will definitely by again"
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,4 out of 5,Good smokes,Good smokes
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,5 out of 5,Everyone enjoyed these! Great buy.,Everyone enjoyed these! Great buy. Easy smoke.
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,5 out of 5,Flavor and More!,"I was really impresses with these cigars, they have a nice smell and subtle flavor before lighting. So are I have smoked about 8 of them with no issues, smooth and even draw to the end. They are a nice change from my other cigars and would buy them again."
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,4 out of 5,cigars,Good cigar for the price.
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,4 out of 5,great for price.,"Nice flavor, burns decently, not very tightly rolled but not overly loose either. Good smoke for the price."
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,5 out of 5,Flavor,Great Taste for price
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,1 out of 5,Didn't like them,"Smelled like coffee and tasted like a flavored cigar i did not enjoy them so i gave most of them away...
No more yukk"
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,4 out of 5,a good knockaround smoke,a good knockaround smoke
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,4 out of 5,Decent smoke,"I was not aware that these are flavored tipped cigars, which I normally do not like. That being said, the flavor does not last for the entire smoke and the coffee infusion is actually really good."
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,4 out of 5,Really smooth smoke. A great,Really smooth smoke. A great after dinner cigar.
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,4 out of 5,Good tome,"Perfect cigar for golf or after dinner, I enjoyed as much ss s java ! good draw ,flavor and price"
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,1 out of 5,Awful,No coffee all chocolate
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,4 out of 5,Quite the pleasant surprise.,"Would not have known about these w/o CI's special emails and am very glad they sent it out pertaining to this smoke. Opening the package was a pleasant surprise with a rich aroma with a slight sweetness. Lighting my first one had me sold. It's smooth, smokes well and even and the taste is good along the entire length. Drew Estate watch out for this one. As said on the staff review, it's a loose rolled cigar and is a bit squishy but will buy again."
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,4 out of 5,Great Cafe Cigar,"Just received these and what a great cafe cigar. The wrapper smells of rich chocolate and the taste is coffee, chocolate and spices.
This is great in the morning and with coffee.
The only negitive is the construction is not the best. Iv had 2 now and both fall apart at the head about the last 3rd."
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,3 out of 5,where's the coffee,"not as good as the red, no coffee flavor or smell. hope the maduro is better."
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,4 out of 5,Good ieda to keep them in a seprate humidor...,Upon opening the pack I immediately felt like I wasted 50 bucks. These things stink! Sat in my humidor for a few weeks before I had the courage to try them. Sweet on the tip with a pretty good tobacco taste. Fine smoke output. Had to touch up the burn a few times and a little bitter here and there. A quick 45 minute smoke.
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,5 out of 5,Devils weed,"Really love the flavor, taste, and burns evenly. The only down side is that this is the second cigar I've ordered that there are issues of getting them regularly. I do understand that many times it's due to instability within that country but having the ability to enjoy what you like still remains. AS FOR THE CIGAR I GIVE IT 100"
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,5 out of 5,Good Smoke for a Great Price,When my buddies stop by this is what they get...great smoke for an believable price. I'm starting to smoke more of them myself as well.
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,4 out of 5,Light on the Coffee Flavor but good smoke!,"I was expecting like the CI Coffee Knockoffs which are a FABULOUS deal when they are in stock. These Devils Weed have a small coffee flavor and aroma in the very beginning, but lack the continued coffee effect of the CI Coffee Knockoffs. Overall for the price, these Devils Weeds do have great draw and burn well. I will order again!
Bill H.
NMB, SC"
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,3 out of 5,Just ok,Just ok
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,5 out of 5,devils weed!!!,"great value, good coffee flavor , but fades quickly"
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,4 out of 5,A stick of coffee,"Very good smoke, goes well in the morning"
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,5 out of 5,The devil made me do it,Taste and smells great
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,5 out of 5,Mark Twain,Great cigars! Great body and burn. Nice mild robust flavor.
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,5 out of 5,devil weed natura brew coffeel robusto,"smooth, enjoyed so far.."
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,4 out of 5,mor man,"Niece cigar. Good taste, smooth smoke."
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,3 out of 5,Devils weed habano,Since you were out of stock on the Maduro I order the habano little on mild side for my palate but still good smoke rold nice firm not to tight nice aroma
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,4 out of 5,Devil's weed coffee.,"Love the flavor and burn, could be a tighter roll."
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,5 out of 5,Great smoke very tasty,I noticed these gave them a try I have enjoyed them
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,5 out of 5,Good Friday evening cigar.,Goes great with coffee or some dr pepper mixed with wiskey!
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Good draw and good burn. I will try the dark brew next time as I wanted a bolder coffee flavor
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,3 out of 5,Not Bad....,Not Bad....
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,5 out of 5,First time buyer,"Thank you so much
Great quality and shipping"
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,4 out of 5,Good,Good
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,5 out of 5,Devil Weed,Excellent very smooth and great burn
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,4 out of 5,Good,Very nice
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,3 out of 5,Wha,Poor construction
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,5 out of 5,I received the torpedo (,"I received the torpedo ( I'm not a fan of torpedos ). It is a bit flimsy and loose, yet I enjoy it with my cup of Joe in the morning."
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,4 out of 5,Very good smokes!,Very good smokes!
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,2 out of 5,Toro,Not too impressed- burn fast and hot. Got bitter by the last third. Don't get much of a coffee flavor. Liked the CI coffee knock-offs better.
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,4 out of 5,Good,Good
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,5 out of 5,excellent taste a good smoke,excellent taste a good smoke
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,5 out of 5,good and inexpensive,perfect for a quick smoke.
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,4 out of 5,Flavotd cigars,I usually don't care for a flavored cigar. This one isn't bad. It's not overpowering
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,4 out of 5,Great buy for the money,Great buy for the money
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,5 out of 5,"Easy smoke, just won over several newbies with this smoke","Sweet, easy, great price, it will be my go to if price doesn’t shoot up"
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,5 out of 5,great smokes,very nice flavor. price was great. cant wait for my son to try
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,2 out of 5,Poorly made cigar (loosely packed).,Poorly made cigar (loosely packed). Burns very uneven and burns to fast
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,4 out of 5,Not bad but not an,Not bad but not an Olivia or Nub
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,3 out of 5,Just Average,Tthat's the most that can be said for these...
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,5 out of 5,Pete's retirement treat,I have smoked many cigars but this is my favorite. The mild taste of coffee with a hint of chocolate was superb.The first cigar I could totally inhale.
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,4 out of 5,"The Devil's Weed, Natural Brew Coffee","Name is catchy but I think if it were I the name would get changed to something more cigars. A tasty cigar nevertheless, smooth draw and nice and mild the way I like them. I would definitely recommend them"
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,5 out of 5,Very good early day cigar,Very good early day cigar or anytime of day can’t beat price
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,4 out of 5,Tasty,Tasty
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,2 out of 5,"Not Trash, But Not My Prime Choice Either","I’m big on coffee infused sticks so thought I’ve give these a go. Starting profile is decent then it breaks down mid stick due to the quick burn. The wrappers are a little too loose a then start to break as you get to the sweet spot. The major turn off are the leaf stems that are rolled into the caps of the cigars. I thought that was an odd move considering the cigar build was already sub-par. If you are looking for a nice knockaround infused smoke on a budget, this is a decent buy. If you are looking for an infused to lounge with for an hour or so, you might want to venture somewhere else."
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,4 out of 5,"Smells great, taste a bit lacking","As the aroma is great, and the overall perforceance of the stick is good, its lacking that coffee flavor."
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,4 out of 5,Very good. Awesome for the,Very good. Awesome for the price.
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,3 out of 5,Okay cigar but nothing exceptional,"I bought these as a daily deal. The few I've smoked so far seem to be loosely wrapped and consequently they tend to burn a little hot and fast. I wasn't expecting the slightly sweet taste on the wrapper, but it isn't unpleasant. For the good price I got them for, they are a decent everyday cigar. I probably will buy a different cigar next time."
Devil's Weed Red Devil,5 out of 5,Give it a try.,Great tasting cigar would recommend a try!
Devil's Weed Red Devil,3 out of 5,Poorly wrapped,"Taste was pretty good and consistent throughout the stick but out of a pack of 25, I had roughly 10 of them either start unraveling when cut or the wrapper would burst mid smoke."
Devil's Weed Red Devil,4 out of 5,Great flavor for a pleasant,Great flavor for a pleasant one hour smoke for a great price
Devil's Weed Red Devil,5 out of 5,GREAT SMOKE,GREAT SMOKE
Devil's Weed Red Devil,5 out of 5,Easy draw and subtle flavoring.,"I love these, the cherry flavor is subtle but sticks around till the end. Construction was consistent and the draw was perfect on every one. I will order again."
Devil's Weed Red Devil,4 out of 5,Easy smoke,Burns well but i didn't taste the cherry. Very mild. Would probably buy again
Devil's Weed Red Devil,5 out of 5,Great taste,"I really enjoyed smoking these. If you like infused cigars, you will probably love these. I would say they taste like chocolate and cherries."
Devil's Weed Red Devil,5 out of 5,tasty smoke,Tasty smoke.. nice size.. fresh.. good all-around flavored cigar.. great price.. given a couple away.. girlfriend likes it everyone approves
Devil's Weed Red Devil,4 out of 5,Nice Every Day Cigar,"They have a good appearance, most have a good draw (a couple were a little hard to draw but smokeable), wrapper leaf has a little sweetness (not as sweet as an Isla Del Sol which is good), they produce a good thick white smoke, a few have burned unevenly but most have shown an even burn. A little on the mild side for me, but that’s a personal preference. A good morning cigar. They’re a good value for the price."
Devil's Weed Red Devil,5 out of 5,Nice,Nice
Devil's Weed Red Devil,5 out of 5,The Best cigar,Very Nice!
Diamond Crown,5 out of 5,"For me, THE BEST SMOKE!","I am a long time pipe smoker and just three months ago tried my first cigar. I have tried over 25 blends, most in the mild to medium range. I rate them from ""5 to 10"" on my chart I created in Photoshop. I went to my favorite ""cigar cave"", and a fellow cigar lover introduced me to the Diamond Crown. From the first puff to very last, was pure joy. I purchased The Doctor's Orapik Traveler Interdental Pick, stuck it on the end of the side of the cigar and was able to smoke it almost to the very end. It is a bit expensive, however, less than the Cohiba Connecticut that I also enjoy as well. I rated this cigar a ""10""! No other cigar I have tried received this rating."
Diamond Crown,5 out of 5,Great!!!,Great!!!
Diamond Crown,5 out of 5,Diamond Crown,"A perfect cigar for that special occasion....quality construction, sure! Smooth smoke and even burn, just doesn't get any better."
Diamond Crown,3 out of 5,It was a descent smoke.,It was a descent smoke. Medium with a good flavor. I would purchase them again
Diamond Crown,5 out of 5,Worth the price,"Somethings cost more because they are just better. Diamond Crown is my favorite to smoke when I have an hour to just sit and enjoy. Not my everyday, but Mt reward cigar. Usually every other day. For me, the best I’ve ever smoked and I’ve tried them all."
Diamond Crown,4 out of 5,It is a good cigar.,It is a good cigar. Not too heavy. Not too light
Diamond Crown,5 out of 5,A True Diamond,Great great smoke. Ever approach someone to see what they were smoking because it smelled so good? It was this cigar.
Diamond Crown,4 out of 5,Very good cigar,I enjoy the quality and consistency of the Diamond Crown #3 Maduro. The taste is very good and it has quickly become one of my mainstays.
Diamond Crown,4 out of 5,Very good but overpriced,"Very good cigar but way over hyped and priced. I have been smoking cigars for 25 years and smoke about 3 a day. I like all kinds and I do like CT wrappers but I don't see anything outstanding about this cigar to justify the price. There are others just as good at half the price. Example My Father CT, RP Vintage 99 and others. Don't get me wrong I like them and always have a couple in my humidor. But unless you just have the money spend I would look to others. Try one and see if you agree."
Diamond Crown,5 out of 5,Finest smoke out there.,"Diamond Crown has long been one of my absolutely favorite smokes. The #1 Robusto takes an absolutely fantastic smoke and extends it. Make sure you have time to fully enjoy this cigar, because you will be there for an hour. The light wrapper has a slightly ""sweet"" flavor that is incredibly subtle. The filler is about as smooth as it gets. This is definitely a mild cigar that you can enjoy without worrying about tasting it for the rest of the evening. With long cigars, you worry about draw and even burn. Not an issue with these. There have been a couple occasions where I have gotten an uneven burn, but that can easily be corrected with the lighter. I have never had a tight draw. Smooth and clean is the best way to describe it. My dad lives on the water. Every time I visit, I bring a couple of these and we sit in the back yard, overlooking the bay, and catch up with smoking these and sipping fine whiskey. Truly a wonderful experience."
Diamond Crown,5 out of 5,Well Worth It,"These are all they're hyped up to be and more. The #4 has to be the smoothest and tastiest Connecticut cigar I've ever had (been enjoying cigars for the past 18 years). Try these, you will NOT be disappointed."
Diamond Crown,5 out of 5,"Great wrapper, flavorful tobaccos, and slow burning as always","One of my top 3 favorite cigars. Buy the biggest size available, you'll wish you did when it starts to come to an end."
Diamond Crown,5 out of 5,DIAMOND CROWN THE BEST!,"If you have been smoking a few years, and willing to spend a few dollar for a great cigar Diamond Crown is the brand you must try. I smoke #4 and think it's a notch above most other brands. It's smooth, creamy, & great draw every time. I always keep them in my humidor."
Diamond Crown,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Diamond Crown,4 out of 5,Diamond Crown,The diamond crown is a great cigar. I have one at work and one at the track at the beginning of the final race to celebrate my sons victory.
Diamond Crown Julius Caeser,5 out of 5,one of my favorites,always well balanced a great smoke mid-day
Diamond Crown Julius Caeser,5 out of 5,great cigar,beautiful cigar! and a great smoke
Diamond Crown Julius Caeser,5 out of 5,Julius Ceasar Daimond Crown Cigars,"Excellent cigars, very well constructed with a suberb taste"
Diamond Crown Julius Caeser,4 out of 5,Good Cigar,Great flavor and aroma but burned too fast and unevenly..
Diamond Crown Julius Caeser,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Smooth
Diamond Crown Julius Caeser,5 out of 5,JC Newman!,"An outstanding everday smoke that always delivers, just like the Newman Family!"
Diamond Crown Julius Caeser,5 out of 5,Top notch,Top notch
Diamond Crown Julius Caeser,5 out of 5,Opinion,Have to have them in my rotation.
Diamond Crown Julius Caeser,5 out of 5,Great stick,Great stick
Diamond Crown Julius Caeser,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,Excellent cigar
Diamond Crown Julius Caeser,5 out of 5,Great cigars. Arrived in perfect,Great cigars. Arrived in perfect smoking condition.
Diamond Crown Julius Caeser,5 out of 5,Diamond crown Julius Caeser,Great cigar would recommend this to any med/full smoker.
Diamond Crown Julius Caeser,5 out of 5,Not your everyday smoke,Worth every penny.
Diamond Crown Julius Caeser,5 out of 5,every cigar should taste this good,"No matter your strength preference, every cigar should taste this good."
Diamond Crown Julius Caeser,5 out of 5,Exquisite cigar!,"Exquisite cigar! Beautifully balanced in all areas of flavor. Price? Well, that's the unfortunate part...
Still, worth a try for any cigar smoker."
Diamond Crown Julius Caeser,5 out of 5,Best in a very long time!!! and I've smoked some deusies,A fricken awesome cigar! I rate this higher than anything I've smoked in a long time. lots' of good ones out there but this excels.. People raved about Camacho's PE but it doesn't compare to this one. I don't care how much cuban tobacco it has. Julius rocks!
Diamond Crown Julius Caeser,5 out of 5,A real gem!,"A little pricey but, MAN, what a cigar! Absolutely delicious, medium bodied cigar. Just creamy goodness throughout. Look for a deal if you can't justify the sticker price. But if you are a medium bodied smoker, you must try this gem!"
Diamond Crown Julius Caeser,4 out of 5,Deliciou$!,"REALLY REALLY GOOD CIGAR! Among my favorite medium bodied sticks, for sure, but they are just too expensive."
Diamond Crown Julius Caeser,5 out of 5,Pricey but delicious!,"The Julius Caeser has great flavors and nuances that are just a pleasure for those times when I don't want to be knocked on me arse. As a med-full to full strength & flavor cigar lover, I find this stick to be perfect for early in the day with coffee or ginger ale - a solid medium in my book. I have had a wonky burn or two, but for the most part these deliver everything I could ask for in a medium bodied cigar. They are just plain DELICIOUS! If you work at it, you might find a deal here on C.I., but I do wish they were a couple bucks cheaper per stick. At a better price point, I'd smoke this several times a week for the rest of my life..."
Diamond Crown Julius Caeser,5 out of 5,One of my favorites!,Nice medium-full body sweat and creamy with a touch of pepper. Definitely gets better with a little age under its band.
Diamond Crown Julius Caeser,4 out of 5,Very good smoke,Very good smoke
Diamond Crown Julius Caeser,5 out of 5,Diamond Crown Julius Caeser Fabulous,"I would be smoking Diamond Crown Julius Caeser in lieu of any other cigar if my budget could agree. As it is I hold these for special occasions. These are consistent in burn, taste and draw. It provides a smooth, pleasing complex smoke complimented by it medium strength. I enjoy its Habano wrapper that provides great taste and no bite. It is my number 1 choice."
Diamond Crown Julius Caeser,5 out of 5,Definitely a 5 star smoke,"These are amazing smokes. I've smoked the toro many times. My wife purchased church hill for my bday from CI. They were just as good. You will smoke these down to the nub every time. Very consistent, very good amazing flavor, burn, and draw.
Definitely a 5 star smoke"
Diamond Crown Julius Caeser,5 out of 5,D. J.,I love the Diamond Crown Julious Caesar. The smoke always seems very even and the flavors ate perfect every time.
Diamond Crown Julius Caeser,5 out of 5,Awesome smoke!,Awesome smoke!
Diamond Crown Julius Caeser,5 out of 5,Julius Caesar Pyramid.,Love this cigar. Hail Caesar!
Diamond Crown Julius Caeser,5 out of 5,Very good cigar. Outstanding!,Very good cigar. Outstanding!
Diamond Crown Julius Caeser,3 out of 5,Meh,"Nice gentle taste of cedar, fruit, and oakwood. Good smoke output. Good construction for the pyramid. Unfortunately, this cigar is overrated for me personally. Never gets out of a mild-medium body. Very pricey for what you get."
Diamond Crown Julius Caeser,5 out of 5,Caeser wears the Crown well.,"You can always expect high quality artisan craftsmanship from Fuente and Diamond Crowns Julius Caeser is no exception. Beautifully constructed and brimming with flavor throughout, the Caeser is an exquisite smoke that warrants it's price. Perfect in any climate, with a cocktail or a stand alone stick. If you've been curious but hesitant rest assured you will not be disappointed."
Diamond Crown Julius Caeser,4 out of 5,Smooth but far from bland,"Surprisingly smooth for a moderately full flavored cigar. Very even burn. No funky aftertaste at all, just a nice spicey earthy easy smoke. One of my favorite evening cigars."
Diamond Crown Maximus,5 out of 5,Hellofa Cigar!,"Great flavor, strength, and draw. Can't go wrong if you like robust!"
Diamond Crown Maximus,5 out of 5,Impressive,Impressive
Diamond Crown Maximus,5 out of 5,Hearty and balanced smoke,Hearty and balanced smoke
Diamond Crown Maximus,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke. I don’t find it hot spicy at all. More allspice y like and coco. Great burn too.
Diamond Crown Maximus,5 out of 5,Great collection at a reasonable,Great collection at a reasonable price
Diamond Crown Maximus,5 out of 5,One of my all time,One of my all time favorites!!
Diamond Crown Maximus,5 out of 5,Wonderful cigar,"Well made, tasty and consistently good. These are really great cigars."
Diamond Crown Maximus,5 out of 5,Diamond Crown Maximus,Great...!
Diamond Crown Maximus,2 out of 5,did not like hard draw,did not like hard draw taste bad wont buy again!!!
Diamond Crown Maximus,2 out of 5,Not for me.,Do not like the flavor.
Diamond Crown Maximus,5 out of 5,Can't go wrong,Really good smoke at a terrific price
Diamond Crown Maximus,5 out of 5,Maximus,A very nice cigar that has good flavor and is smooth
Diamond Crown Maximus,5 out of 5,FAIR,Too strong for my taste and poor draw
Diamond Crown Maximus,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"Smooth, and flavorful."
Diamond Crown Maximus,5 out of 5,What a deal!!!,So many great cigars for a great discount! Extreamly happy with this deal
Diamond Crown Maximus,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Burns nice and even great taste will buy more
Diamond Crown Maximus,5 out of 5,Good Cigar,"A good flavor, burn and well built cigar."
Diamond Crown Maximus,5 out of 5,Diamond Crown,Very well satisfied
Diamond Crown Maximus,5 out of 5,Exceptional but pricey smoke,"The Maximus is quite a fine smoke in the Diamond Crown Line, which tearrly are a bargain. I guess you get what you pay for unlesss, like me, you score them as part of a weekend special sampler. Wish I had doubled or tripled my order. Oh well — nothing is more expensive than regret."
Diamond Crown Maximus,4 out of 5,Good cigar for the price,It was a good cigar for the price
Diamond Crown Maximus,5 out of 5,Wow great cigar!,I had not had any Diamond Crown Cigars in about 6 months and all I can say is what a delight. Quality burn and flavors from start to finish.
Diamond Crown Maximus,5 out of 5,Diamond Crown Maximus #4 Toro Purchase,"I actually purchased 2 orders (40) sticks! All cigars were fresh and delicious. Great value. I've had great success with purchasing from CI and know from past experience that the Customer Service Department will provide the service you deserve!
Lester R. LaGatta Chesterland, Ohio"
Diamond Crown Maximus,4 out of 5,Diamond crown maximus,Great cigar with an even burn.
Diamond Crown Maximus,3 out of 5,A little strong 💪 for,A little strong 💪 for my taste.
Diamond Crown Maximus,5 out of 5,Diamond Crown Maximus,Great Cigar!
Diamond Crown Maximus,5 out of 5,Great stick,I would recommend
Diamond Crown Maximus,4 out of 5,good smoke,Good burn and drawl. I prefer a bigger ring but couldn’t pass up this deal.
Diamond Crown Maximus,5 out of 5,Solidccigsr,"Excellent flavor, well-rolled and great for nine holes of golf"
Diamond Crown Maximus,5 out of 5,DOUBLE UPS!,DOUBLE ANYTHING IS GOOD. DOUBLE DIAMOND CROWN IS GREAT!
Diamond Crown Maximus,5 out of 5,"""The Find"" is the goal.","In wine tasting or cigars its the same; Its not about most famous or most expensive, rather purists seek the best of the unfound, before the market demand forces a higher price. Ive smoked Opus, La Boheme, Special Edition Cohibas, Davidoff, and others, there is hardly a comparison even with cigars 5 times the cost. This cigar, Diamond Crown Maximus has become my favorite from the first time I tried it. Truly an underrated cigar, perhaps just not well known as of yet. Let me say, I smoke these down to burring my fingers, where I can only hold it by my lips with the last puff of a savory smoke. Pair this equally with a rich coffee or a smokey scotch. Get yourself a box, I did and Ill have ordered another by the time you read my thoughts. I don't get perks for reviews people, I only want others to enjoy something and stop searching around for the perfect smoke, this one will fit the bill and the budget. Its an anytime smoke, not to heavy or strong…listed as full flavor I have also smoked the Julius Caesar and find this an easier smoke only more complexity and richer flavor."
Diamond Crown Maximus,5 out of 5,Fantastic service and smoke,Once again CI comes through with a quality cigar and very fast shipping. My cigars were fresh and the Diamond Crown is a very nice tasting cigar with a quality burn. Always like purchasing my cigars from CI.
Diamond Crown Maximus,5 out of 5,Worth the money,"These are my #2 cigar and my brother's #1, so we split a box. Very smooth,earthy,smoke. Smokes better than alot of 'lighter' cigars. Quite a savings over buying individual sticks at the local cigar shop. Very good smoke at a savings vs buying local."
Diamond Crown Maximus,2 out of 5,Diamond Crown Maximus #2 Churchill,"One o my favorite ""spend a little more"" smokes. Disappointed that they were a bit dried out and cracking."
Diamond Crown Maximus,5 out of 5,His pick,A livelong friend of mine always went to the bargain basket every time we visited the cigar bar to find the most inexpensive cigar there. l bought him a Maximus. Told him if he could not tell any difference between this cigar and the junk he had been smoking that I would leave him along and not harp about him buying junk cigars. This happen around five years ago. This is the only cigar he buys now.
Diamond Crown Maximus,5 out of 5,Gift,It was a gift and he seemed very pleased.
Diamond Crown Maximus,5 out of 5,Diamond Crown Maximus #4 Toro.,"Absolutely Beautiful, Always a Pleasure and a Favorite for the Ages"
Dias de Gloria by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Super Smooth,A CIGAR MANY WOULD ENJOY
Dias de Gloria by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Currently 3/‘20 At the TOP of the heap of Excellence! 😎,"One can read ALL the “Tasting (flavors) Notes” they wish... Simply the SMOOTHEST puro [Estelli Nicaragua!] or ANYwhere Smooth on the retrohale. EZ on the draw, construction, & Eyes. Gordo, BP, Toro - ALL Excellent.
Decent $$ price @ my B&M in Mich. Worth every penny. 😋"
Diesel,5 out of 5,Excellent,Perfect every time
Diesel,5 out of 5,Strong and Flavorfull,My go to everyday cigar.
Diesel,5 out of 5,Awesome,Very much enjoyed this.
Diesel,5 out of 5,The Diesel is a strong,The Diesel is a strong well balanced earthy smoke. At $4 to $5 per stick it’s a good option If your looking for a bold cigar.
Diesel,5 out of 5,House cigar,Best cigar ever
Diesel,4 out of 5,shorty,"great smoke, last longer than expected as well as nice flavor"
Diesel,5 out of 5,Punch,"great flavor, nice draw"
Diesel,4 out of 5,Flavor Bomb,Lots of smoke and full peppery enjoyment. Will buy again.
Diesel,5 out of 5,good,best price
Diesel,5 out of 5,Love the shorties. Nice flavor,Love the shorties. Nice flavor
Diesel,5 out of 5,Diesel cigars are my favorite,"Diesel cigars are my favorite cigar. The unholy cocktail and the shorty being my favorite. Try one, you will never be disappointed!"
Diesel,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Nice and smooth cigar. Great for relaxing with a drink.
Diesel,4 out of 5,Enjoy the quick smoke,Enjoy the quick smoke
Diesel,5 out of 5,Great Manduro fir a short smoke,"This cigar is top shelf in its build, tabacco, burn, and flavor. I use this one for the times I don't have time for a ling smoke."
Diesel,3 out of 5,Good smoke a little too,Good smoke a little too earthy for me
Diesel,5 out of 5,Enjoyed both cigars very much!!,Enjoyed both cigars very much!! Thank you for offering a good price.
Diesel,5 out of 5,Diesel Shorty,Excellent cigars! Burns even and smooth.
Diesel,4 out of 5,Great stick,Great stick
Diesel,5 out of 5,Simply the Best,"By far, this is one of the best cigars I have ever smoked. It is my Saturday and Sunday morning cigar with my coffee. It is bold, but so flavorful. Nice and spicy, but smooth like a dark beer or dark coffee. I plan to buy so many more in the future."
Diesel,5 out of 5,Snappy well-built cigar. Makes everything,"Snappy well-built cigar. Makes everything feel good- smoke, ash, taste, burn, and draw."
Diesel,5 out of 5,Good quality,Good quality
Diesel,4 out of 5,Great smoke,This is a very good cigar with great smoke and an easy draw. Had one unravel on me which is unusual as most are made very well.
Diesel,4 out of 5,Shortys,Great smoky great price great blend all you can Ask for
Diesel,4 out of 5,Great burn,More robust than I normally like but a very good flavor
Diesel,5 out of 5,My everyday cigar!,"Good size, taste, burn, price!"
Diesel,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"This was my 1st time trying these. I’m not disappointed. Good, smooth smoke from start to finish. Good flavor and it will last a while."
Diesel,5 out of 5,Shorty’s,Excellent cigar for those how enjoy a nice heavy cigar
Diesel,5 out of 5,A fantastic cigar,"At first I was concerned they would be too strong, but was wrong in my concern. Once again I find that Diesel can take a strong flavorfull cigar and bring out flavor without a harsh bitterness that many seem to have. Fantastic!"
Diesel,5 out of 5,Very nice!,Very nice!
Diesel,5 out of 5,AWESOME!,Great smokes and held together nicely. I've had some Diesels lately that did not seem to be worth the price. these were great!
Diesel,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Awesome smoke with great draw every time.
Diesel,5 out of 5,Craig C.,Fantastic taste
Diesel,4 out of 5,The shorty,Good smoke burns fast so enjoy it
Diesel,5 out of 5,I love it. I'll be,I love it. I'll be back
Diesel,4 out of 5,diesal shorty ltd.,the draw was very good. the cigar burned evenly(no canoeing). a good cigar.
Diesel,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,The shorty is my favorite cigar.
Diesel,4 out of 5,Diesel,Smooth full flavored cigar I liked it
Diesel,5 out of 5,Good full flavor,It’s diesel. They don’t make a bad cigar.
Diesel,4 out of 5,Shorty,Very tasty and almost all of them have a good draw
Diesel,5 out of 5,Best cigar AJ makes,"From the very first Diesel Shorty I smoked 10 years ago to today. NEVER a disappointment.
Dave H."
Diesel,4 out of 5,Diesel,"Tasty cigar. A little stuff to draw, but good. I'm a big fan of Diesels!"
Diesel,5 out of 5,Nice stick,Great draw and bold flavor
Diesel,5 out of 5,flathead,Great burning and tasting smoke
Diesel,5 out of 5,Amazing,Amazing
Diesel,5 out of 5,Nice,Knowing now what I should have known then. A steal of a deal. Would have taken out a small loan. That good.
Diesel,5 out of 5,AWESOME SMOKE,AWESOME SMOKE
Diesel,5 out of 5,All time best cigar can't,All time best cigar can't go wrong with this one 5☆
Diesel,5 out of 5,This one Rocks!,Gave it to some friends after I had some samples and everyone is absolutely amazed with the great taste and quality this cigar provided!
Diesel,5 out of 5,One of the best cigars,One of the best cigars out there .
Diesel,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,Great smoke!
Diesel d.10th,5 out of 5,Great! Love them!,Great! Love them!
Diesel d.10th,5 out of 5,Big gauge shorty.,Tops in my book
Diesel d.10th,3 out of 5,Not bad,Not bad
Diesel d.10th,5 out of 5,Good bold flavors,Good bold flavors
Diesel d.10th,3 out of 5,So So,Did not excite my palate. Good draw though.
Diesel d.10th,4 out of 5,Better than I thought,Better than I thought
Diesel d.10th,5 out of 5,"excellent cigar ,will continue to","excellent cigar ,will continue to order them"
Diesel d.10th,5 out of 5,This one is out of,This one is out of the ballpark ladies and gentlemen
Diesel d.10th,5 out of 5,Nice,Nice
Diesel d.10th,5 out of 5,Love it,Great smoke
Diesel d.10th,4 out of 5,decent cigar,decent cigar
Diesel d.10th,5 out of 5,Diesel 10th anniversary,"Great smoke. Full bodied, well made"
Diesel d.10th,5 out of 5,A powerfully flavored cigar!,A powerfully flavored cigar!
Diesel d.10th,4 out of 5,nice production,nice production
Diesel d.10th,4 out of 5,Decent Smoke,"Decent Smoke. I got a 5 pack of these in a sampler, and they're pretty good. Not the best, but not bad."
Diesel d.10th,5 out of 5,Trashman Diesel Smoke,"This is the best smoke out of my last order, I will buy more"
Diesel d.10th,4 out of 5,Excellent cigar. Wee bit harsh,"Excellent cigar.
Wee bit harsh but good."
Diesel d.10th,5 out of 5,Great tasting,Great tasting
Diesel d.10th,5 out of 5,Happy 10th...,"What a cigar! This is the 10th year of this smoke with an Ecuadorian Oscuro Habano wrapper. The cigar itself is made from intense Nicaraguan tobacco. This is A.J.'s style of making cigars! The man is a cigar-making powerhouse... The wrapper is almost black from the extra fermenting time. Deep, dark, sweet with a chocolate taste an, a rich fig like taste. Burns slowly, but stays lit for quite a while... If you want a powerhouse of a smoke, give this one a try after dinner for dessert, and relax, and most of all enjoy!"
Diesel d.10th,4 out of 5,Diesel 10th Anniversary d.654T,Excellent choice for Maduro lovers.
Diesel d.10th,4 out of 5,Awesome cigars,"Great tasting cigars some smooth and others delicious blends of medium to full body.
Over all Awesome Diesel Samplers"
Diesel d.10th,5 out of 5,Delish!,"Great smoke, great flavor and lasts. Will be buying again."
Diesel d.10th,5 out of 5,Great cigar will buy again,Great cigar will buy again
Diesel d.10th,5 out of 5,Good one.,Good one.
Diesel d.10th,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"Great, heavy body and willing to burn my fingertips over this baby!"
Diesel d.10th,4 out of 5,"Very, very nice",Great smoke! I may need this one to rest a little longer for it to be an excellent smoke. Other than that no complaints about this one.
Diesel d.10th,5 out of 5,Power punch,"I appreciate a full flavor cigar. I have been on a quest to find cigars that make my short list of quality sticks I don't hesitate to smoke. I have tried other Diesel cigars but the 10th Anniversary cigar has made my list. Strong aromatic flavor, consistent slow burn and a smooth draw. I highly recommend this cigar."
Diesel d.10th,5 out of 5,good stogie,The ones I smoke were pretty fresh but they did have a good chocolate core and nice construction
Diesel d.10th,4 out of 5,Review,Nice cigar
Diesel d.10th,5 out of 5,10th Anniversary,If you like diesel. You'll love these.
Diesel d.10th,5 out of 5,I would order them again,"I ordered the Diesels for my husband as a gift. He loves them. He wasn't sure how he would like the hand rolled over the machine rolled, but he doesn't think he will ever go back! I even like the smell and that is a plus."
Diesel d.10th,5 out of 5,What a celebration,Diesel does it again. Buy these and enjoy a superb smoke.
Diesel d.10th,5 out of 5,Good smoke!!,"Really liked it. Thanks for the great cigar. Nicely wrapped, draws really well, great finish... You're going to like this smoke,!!!"
Diesel d.10th,4 out of 5,Good stick,Good stick
Diesel d.10th,4 out of 5,DIESEL,A Nice smoke!
Diesel d.10th,5 out of 5,Another fine Smoke from Diesel.,Another fine Smoke from Diesel.
Diesel d.10th,5 out of 5,Diesel 10 Aniversary,"These are awesome! Excellent construction, great flavors and aromas. Will be getting more."
Diesel d.10th,5 out of 5,Very smooth and rich in taste.,"Excellent, superlative best descibe this smooth cigar."
Diesel d.10th,5 out of 5,Fantastic as always.,Fantastic as always.
Diesel d.10th,3 out of 5,Average cigar,Just ok
Diesel d.10th,5 out of 5,DEISEL 10th,Love almost all of the diesel line but the 10th anniversary is my new abxsolute favorite. Rich and Delicious!!!
Diesel d.10th,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke. One ofm the,Excellent smoke. One ofm the best I had lately.
Diesel d.10th,5 out of 5,Diesel 10th Anniversary,"Full bodied with a ton of flavor!! Diesel 10th could literally be Diesel Wicked's little brother. Like the Wicked, Diesel 10th is a cut above the rest of the Diesel line."
Diesel d.10th,5 out of 5,Diesel 10 Anniversary,These are one of the best Diesel I have had. It is a full flavor and I would highly recommend it to any Diesel fan.
Diesel d.10th,5 out of 5,As expected AJ Fernandez didn’t,As expected AJ Fernandez didn’t disappoint. Maybe the strongest of his diesel line. Maintained its boldness from start to finish
Diesel d.10th,5 out of 5,Cant wait for the 20th!,Another quality cigar! End to end.
Diesel d.10th,4 out of 5,Smooth diesel,"Nice flavor, good ash."
Diesel d.10th,5 out of 5,Diesel 10,Great smoke good flavor from beginning to end.
Diesel d.10th,5 out of 5,"Great!,",Love this smoke. Draw and taste exquisite
Diesel d.10th,3 out of 5,Dissent stick.,I should’ve gotten that just a little bit longer but that’s my fault. It’s a decent smokes deliver me satisfied. Awesome for the price.
Diesel Delirium L.E.,5 out of 5,Great smoke with lots of flavor,"Holly Cow, this is a great smoke all the way through from the first draw until the last. Has a nutty oak flavor with hints of leather. Will buy again."
Diesel Hair of the Dog L.E.,5 out of 5,excellent cigar,"Beautiful construction, easy draw, and flavorful"
Diesel Hair of the Dog L.E.,5 out of 5,Great summer pair,"Wonderful stick, to bad it’s a limited edition. Pepper leather and some subtle citrus. Goes great with reeds extra ginger beer."
Diesel Hair of the Dog L.E.,5 out of 5,All flavor with no bite,"This stick is a welcomed change in pace for Diesel, which is known for strong and brash cigars. The flavor profile is full and smooth with a core of aged musty tobacco. The experience is luxurious and satisfying."
Diesel Heart of Darkness,5 out of 5,Best maduro,"lots of flavor,well balanced smoke with no bite .."
Diesel Heart of Darkness,5 out of 5,Amazing Cigar,This is one of AJ's great cigars once again.
Diesel Heart of Darkness,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,"I had purchased a five pack of these some time ago. I tried my second today. They have been resting in the humidor for quite a while. The second was by far better than the first. This was my first Diesel experience, and now I know why the Diesel fans are so crazy for them. Excellent cigar, strong, peppery at mid way point on, and burn was great. I just got a five pack of Wicked today, and will try one of those tomorrow. Looking forward to that...(if I can wait). If you like full cigars, you need to try Diesel if you haven’t yet..."
Diesel Heart of Darkness,5 out of 5,Awesome,It's a great smoke with a smooth draw on it.
Diesel Heart of Darkness,5 out of 5,great,grear
Diesel Heart of Darkness,5 out of 5,Fantastic cigar,My number one at this time.
Diesel Heart of Darkness,5 out of 5,Another great offering!,Love the Diesel line; this is another good cigar I'm adding to my regular monthly purchase.
Diesel Heart of Darkness,5 out of 5,My Favorite Diesel,"The Heart of Darkness is without a doubt my favorite Diesel cigar. I enjoy all the Diesel lines for what they are great quality, full body cigars that perform well every time. Compared to the other Diesels The Heart of Darkness is more complex. It would be a shame if The Heart of Darkness remains a limited production and doesn’t become a regular production cigar."
Diesel Heart of Darkness,5 out of 5,Fabulous smoke,Heart of Darkness Gordo is a great smoke. Full bodied and great draw. Love the smoke from beginning to end
Diesel Heart of Darkness,5 out of 5,Diesel,What a great stick. Great flavor throughout!
Diesel Heart of Darkness,5 out of 5,Dark and Dreamy,"Love this cigar. Always trying to find the best deal on them as they are not cheap. Even so, they are worth the asking price. This may seem odd, but during this holiday season, pair a Heart of Darkness with some egg nog and enjoy."
Diesel Heart of Darkness,5 out of 5,excellent,excellent
Diesel Heart of Darkness,5 out of 5,Diesel Heart of Darkness Gordo,I love this cigar it's one of my favorites!!! It's got a nice full body flavor and it burns real well. It's definitely one of my go to smokes
Diesel Heart of Darkness,5 out of 5,Do NOT pass this one up!!!,"I am grateful I took advantage of CI's offering of these beauties. They are a powerful and flavorful treat. A bold stick with complex, and well balanced, flavors of earthy leather and a hint of herbs. I found a hint of deep wintergreen. A Diesel experience that a cigar aficionado should not pass up!!!"
Diesel Heart of Darkness,5 out of 5,Diesel-Doesn't get any better than this.,I enjoy Diesel more than all the brands I've ordered from C I. This is followed by NUB brand. I would love to have a special on one or both of these as I have a coupon from C I that is about to expire.
Diesel Heart of Darkness,5 out of 5,Dark & Deep!,GR8 robust cigar! It's a long smoke too!!
Diesel Heart of Darkness,4 out of 5,Impressive!,"Love Diesel. Love AJ Fernandez blends. This was a big cigar: big size; big flavor. Although it wasn’t my favorite AJ flavor profile, this earthy treat was still very enjoyable and the burn was excellent even with the larger ring gauge. There is a pleasant amount of pepper and spice—nothing overwhelming."
Diesel Heart of Darkness,5 out of 5,Diesel HOD,"Great smoke, one of the best Diesel's which are now the only brand I buy. Consistently well made product."
Diesel Heart of Darkness,5 out of 5,HOD Greatness,Great full bodied cigars with enough complexity to stay interesting all the way down to where it burns your fingers. NOT FOR THE FAINT OF HEART.
Diesel Heart of Darkness,5 out of 5,Good,Good
Diesel Heart of Darkness,4 out of 5,Nice smoke,Pleasantly enjoyed this smoke - from the beginning to the end this cigar gave me joy
Diesel Heart of Darkness,5 out of 5,Very nice cigar,I have been wanting to purchase this cigar for some time now. It was worth the wait.
Diesel Heart of Darkness,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar. Nice burn. Nice,Excellent cigar. Nice burn. Nice flavor. Bought these for a tail gate party. Everyone enjoyed.
Diesel Heart of Darkness,4 out of 5,diesel,It my 2nd favorite diesel Cigar my #1 favorite is the wicked I cant wait to try diesel whiskey that looks good too. I never had a problem with a diesel cigar they burn well the breath well also and they have a great flavor
Diesel Heart of Darkness,5 out of 5,Very nice and smooth cigar.,Very nice and smooth cigar. I definitely recommend it .
Diesel Heart of Darkness,5 out of 5,Diesel,I found them to be both satisfying slow burning.Good cigars.
Diesel Heart of Darkness,5 out of 5,Great smoke,My new everyday cigar!!! Medium to full body smoke yet smooth with great flavor
Diesel Heart of Darkness,5 out of 5,No disappointment here!,"These are great smokes from the start to finish, even burn, tasty with a scotch!! Will buy again"
Diesel Heart of Darkness,5 out of 5,diesel darkness,wow a great smoke.can i get another deal.
Diesel Heart of Darkness,5 out of 5,Diesel Heart of Darkness,"This cigar ticks all the boxes. Full flavored, full bodied, even burn, holds its ash, excellent construction so it always has a good draw."
Diesel Heart of Darkness,5 out of 5,Darkness,These are my absolute favorites.
Diesel Heart of Darkness,4 out of 5,Deep and delicious,"Aside from some rolling inconsistency (some are rolled WAY too tight), a very satisfying, long, deep smoke. One of Diesel's best blends that is not for the timid."
Diesel Heart of Darkness,3 out of 5,Diesel,To rough
Diesel Heart of Darkness,5 out of 5,DIESEL'S VERY BEST,"Outstanding blend from AJ Fernandez, the Diesel Heart of Darkness is everything you could want in a full-bodied cigar and more. From the beautiful box, to the rich and complex flavors, this cigar is a must for lovers of strong coffee and dark chocolate. A huge Diesel fan already, I do believe I have found my very favorite of Diesel's impressive catalogue of blends."
Diesel Heart of Darkness,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Diesel Heart of Darkness,3 out of 5,Average,Wasn't as smooth as I was hoping. Had kind of a cigarette feel with a burn on the draw. Will smoke another maybe was just a bad cigar.
Diesel Heart of Darkness,4 out of 5,Good cigar,"Overall good, only had one so far, would have been a five if not for uneven burn. Great leather, wood, pepper but balanced. Will have to see if others burn better."
Diesel Heart of Darkness,5 out of 5,Great smoke ...,This cigar is a go to for me. I will continue purchasing it in the future.
Diesel Heart of Darkness,5 out of 5,Awesome!,Awesome!
Diesel Heart of Darkness,5 out of 5,Prince of Darkness,"A bold, dark smoke full of flavor and boasting a steady flavor throughout the slow burn!"
Diesel Heart of Darkness,5 out of 5,Sinfully Dark,Another great smile from Diesel. The full body hits the pallet just right. Pair it off with a good bourbon and I am in heaven. I need more before they are gone.
Diesel Heart of Darkness,4 out of 5,Not as good as I'd hoped,"They're good! Let's face it they're diesel's. I typically smoke unholy cocktails, when I tried the wicked's they blew the unholy cocktails out of the water. I was expecting the same surprise of these, they fell short. They were on the same level of the unholy cocktails which made them good, they just didn't meet the price and expectations that price brought."
Diesel Heart of Darkness,4 out of 5,Great stick!!,"Awesome!! Just finished this Gem, Nice hints of expresso with a touch pepper. Can't go wrong with these. Will definitely keep in my rotation."
Diesel Heart of Darkness,5 out of 5,Heart of Darkness,"I am a huge fan of AJ and once again he didn't disappoint. The cigar is perfect from start to finish. Great roll, construction and full, just the way I enjoy my cigars. Thanks!"
Diesel Heart of Darkness,5 out of 5,Very good Cigars!!,My husband was very pleased with the cigars I had purchased for him. He said they were very good and it would be something he would get again.
Diesel Heart of Darkness,4 out of 5,Great cigar with a good,Great cigar with a good draw. Tastes a bit awful at the end.
Diesel Heart of Darkness,4 out of 5,"Nice punch, bold enough to bite Mike Tyson Back.","The start was peppery, smooth with full many complex flavors. Most I could not identify. The middle was very smooth and gave a toast flavor. Last part was like strong Italian espresso which became slightly bitter."
Diesel Heart of Darkness,2 out of 5,Big dissapointment.,"I am a big fan of the Diesel brand name, but this cigar was not even close to the same caliber as I would have expected. It burned ok, but really tasted like a $1.00 cigar. This cigar is not worth buying at all."
Diesel Heart of Darkness,5 out of 5,New Favorite,"I have a few favorite cigars I save for special occasions. This is now one of them. I like the flavor, the way it smokes and the way it looks. If you have occasion to take the time to relax and really enjoy a great cigar. This is a very good choice."
Diesel Heart of Darkness,5 out of 5,Nice,Very good cigar.
Diesel Rage,4 out of 5,Great short smoke,I love diesels they always deliver a rich flavorful smoke. I give this cigar a 4 star rating because my absolute favorite is the diesel whiskey row and that is a 5
Diesel Rage,4 out of 5,Great Smoke,"Overall great smoke two or three on the sticks came unraveled towards the middle, but nothing that I wasn’t able to finish. All in all a great smoke."
Diesel Rage,5 out of 5,Great Pick Up!,Awesome flavor. True to its profile. Medium to full body and a really great smoke!
Diesel Rage,5 out of 5,Great cigar,My new favorite.
Diesel Rage,4 out of 5,Decent Cigar,"Very Smokeable Cigar, burns evenly, Mild to medium strength."
Diesel Rage,4 out of 5,Very smooth and fantastic flavor,Very smooth and fantastic flavor
Diesel Rage,4 out of 5,Always in my humidor,Always in my humidor
Diesel Rage,5 out of 5,Great,Love these box pressed beauties. Great amount of smoke and taste.
Diesel Rage,4 out of 5,Diesel Cigars,Very nice cigars will get them again
Diesel Rage,5 out of 5,Always a great smoke,Always a great smoke
Diesel Rage,5 out of 5,Diesel toro,A great full body and flavor cigar
Diesel Rage,5 out of 5,Great,"Really impressed with this guy. If you like bold cigars, you will enjoy the Rage."
Diesel Rage,5 out of 5,Favorite Cigar,"This cigar is great from first draw to last draw. Full of flavors, burns perfectly and not too strong. This is now my favorite cigar."
Diesel Rage,3 out of 5,It’s size and taste is,It’s size and taste is right for the price.
Diesel Rage,3 out of 5,Weakly wrapped. Not dense enough.,Weakly wrapped. Not dense enough.
Diesel Rage,5 out of 5,10/10 Recommend for a fast smoke!,"Really good cigar with a nice flavor profile, and good for a fast smoke they would last me approx 45 mins. Nice and small, but not giving any flavor up. They really did burn and smoke nicely!"
Diesel Rage,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Diesel Rage,5 out of 5,Diesel,Good even smoke
Diesel Rage,5 out of 5,Another AJ winner!,Just a fantastic cigar all around. Everything from appearance to the construction to the bold and complex flavors. Currently pairing with red wine and really loving the combination. What stands out the most to me is the silky smooth wrapper on this. Definitely a stand out cigar. But I haven't found and AJ stick I haven't enjoyed!
Diesel Rage,4 out of 5,Great cigar!,"Great AJ Fernandez cigar! Love the wrapper! Even burn, lots of smoke with an easy draw. Full flavor but not too strong. Diesel Wicked is my favorite, but this one is very nice!"
Diesel Rage,5 out of 5,All The Rage,"Box press beauty has a good, smooth burn and as the smoke wears on, doesn’t get stronger like most Diesels. Great price when on sale."
Diesel Rage,5 out of 5,Loved em,Loved em
Diesel Rage,5 out of 5,Diesel Rage Toro,My favorite is nub habano 5by 60. Diesel rage is my number 2.I love the black Diesel cap.
Diesel Rage,4 out of 5,Smooth,"The adjectives smooth and creamy get tossed around a lot in cigar reviews a lot, but that's the best way to describe the consistency of this smoke. The taste is a mellow sweetness, like a smooth brandy. Use your cutting at the shoulder for a cool draw. I nipped one too tight and it burned my tongue with a stream of hot smoke."
Diesel Rage,5 out of 5,A big boy smoke,Not A cigar for the faint of heart. Real flavor and spice. Off the hook great!
Diesel Rage,5 out of 5,Worth the money!,Fantastic full flavored smokes that burn even and are well constructed! Highly recommend!
Diesel Rage,5 out of 5,A OK,Great deal for the price!
Diesel Rage,5 out of 5,Simple but satisfying,The draw is nice with a smooth finish. Strong flavors of mild vanilla and deep earthy tones. Lasts 45-50 minutes and burns even. A great smoke to be accompanied by a simple scotch or even a margarita.
Diesel Rage,5 out of 5,Diesel Rage Toro,Great smoke. Smooth even burning cigar.
Diesel Rage,5 out of 5,Super rage,This cigar has it all. Not sure of what to say other than it’s glorious. Try them or don’t and leave them for me.
Diesel Rage,5 out of 5,Very nice,Very nice
Diesel Rage,5 out of 5,Smooth smoke,Awesome. Would also like to see you sell the Grind
Diesel Rage,5 out of 5,You guys have the best,You guys have the best selection of cigars in the U.S.
Diesel Rage,4 out of 5,Good all around smoke. Diesel,Good all around smoke. Diesel makes a good cigar well built rolled tight. Makes a slow and nice burn. Nice taste to it
Diesel Rage,5 out of 5,Great long smoke!! I prefer,Great long smoke!! I prefer the box pressed cigar. It can't roll away in stormy waters.
Diesel Rage,5 out of 5,All the way down,"Nice smoke, burns evenly, tasty all the way down."
Diesel Rage,5 out of 5,All the Rage,"Top notch smoke can’t go wrong with this one.
My daily go too!"
Diesel Rage,4 out of 5,"Good smoke, consistent burn, good","Good smoke, consistent burn, good flavor"
Diesel Rage,5 out of 5,A Consistent Favorite,"One of Diesels best blends. Rich, full, well-rolled with an easy draw."
Diesel Rage,5 out of 5,Diesel,Awesome smoke. Always smooth and easy draw.. earthy and taste good!
Diesel Rage,5 out of 5,"Love these, one of my","Love these, one of my favorites"
Diesel Rage,5 out of 5,Diesel Rage.,"The diesel rage toro has become one of my go to cigars. I enjoy the rich full bodied flavor and excellent, consistent burn quality . I enjoy smoking a full bodied, flavorful cigar that is not so strong as to leave you light headed. The diesel rage is that cigar."
Diesel Rage,5 out of 5,Best Diesel Gigars,"By far these are my favorite Diesels. Great smoke, excellent burn, Awsome flavor. Must try!!"
Diesel Rage,5 out of 5,AJ,Another great Cigar from AJ the only cigar's I buy anymore
Diesel Rage,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent smoke for the $
Diesel Rage,5 out of 5,Life Changing,"As soon as I put this stick to my lips and lit it, my hair grew back and my wife grilled me a steak. That's how good these are."
Diesel Rage,5 out of 5,the Rage is a great cigar,"great value full flavor,Burns very nice, great value"
Diesel Rage,5 out of 5,D-Boy,Excellent cigar
Diesel Rage,5 out of 5,Great flavor,Great flavor
Diesel Rage,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Rage is my go to cigar love diesel cigars‼️
Diesel Uncut,5 out of 5,Great smoke for the $$,Great smoke for the $$
Diesel Uncut,3 out of 5,Ok,I need a few more to really grasp the taste
Diesel Uncut,5 out of 5,Love it!,I have been a big fan of the Unholy Cocktail and this one is just as good! If you like a good full flavored cigar this will not disappoint.
Diesel Uncut,3 out of 5,Fair,Fair value for the price.
Diesel Uncut,4 out of 5,Not a bad choice!,"Overall good smoke. Smooth draw to the finish. I recommend a punch instead of cut.
Only downside to this cigar that I've recently had, is the condition of the wrapper. Multiple in my last 10-pack were cracked or split upon opening, with no damage to packaging. So I figure it's a matter of how well it was kept prior to packaging. And as others have written, toward the label the wrapper tends to peel.
Still a tasty stick though!"
Diesel Uncut,5 out of 5,Hard to beat these,I absolutely love these. Great flavor. Burn evenly. Not ashy. I will order these again.
Diesel Uncut,5 out of 5,Surprisingly flavorful,"Nice peppery spice and leather plus I got way more cocoa than I was expecting. Great construction, good burn time, good amount of vitamin N."
Diesel Uncut,5 out of 5,Best every day smoke,A must try.....
Diesel Uncut,4 out of 5,Good taste,Nice medium smoke from beginning to end. Great every day smoke.
Diesel Uncut,5 out of 5,👍,👍
Diesel Uncut,3 out of 5,A good cigar with issues,"This is a good tasting cigar. Seems to be a little loosely rolled but has decent burn until you get to the label. Once the label is removed, the wrapper falls apart. I like to smoke a cigar to the end so this is my reason for 3 stars."
Diesel Uncut,3 out of 5,"Good smoke, but wrapper comes","Good smoke, but wrapper comes apart."
Diesel Uncut,5 out of 5,"excellent construction, draw and flavor","excellent construction, draw and flavor throughout"
Diesel Uncut,5 out of 5,Diesel Uncut Toro,"WOW! What a gem. Ive bought hundreds of cigars trying to find something I can smoke other than Oliva V that gives me the same. This product is without a doubt the best Ive found when comparing to my daily Oliva V and cheaper, much cheaper!!"
Diesel Uncut,3 out of 5,Diesel uncut Toro,"Everything Ive had from these guys has been pretty good. You really need to lay them down in the humi for a few months to take the edge off. They are strong, strong, strong!"
Diesel Uncut,3 out of 5,Well made. Clean smoke right,Well made. Clean smoke right down to the end.
Diesel Uncut,5 out of 5,Punch gran puro step in,"Awesome, probably my favorite diesel and it's the cheapest! You really hone in on the earthy Nicaraguan fillers. Tastes like a punch gran puro for a fraction of the price."
Diesel Uncut,5 out of 5,Great smoke,My fovorite diesel
Diesel Uncut,5 out of 5,Great smoke,love them
Diesel Uncut,5 out of 5,Pepper laced milk chocolate,"Enjoy milk chocolate and that familiar AJ spice throughout, some leather and cedar come in after the first third but that peppery spice is there for the whole ride. Good burn even with the closed foot start. I have 2 of 10 left and didn’t have any construction issues at all."
Diesel Uncut,4 out of 5,Good Quality Cigar,Have had continued success with these tasty sticks. They burn a bit fast but worth the smoke.
Diesel Uncut,5 out of 5,Great cigars great value,My go to cigar for a everyday smoke
Diesel Uncut,5 out of 5,Great smoke for the $,"So this my best cigar for the money. Everyone I have shared one with enjoys it, and when I tell them the price per stick their jaw drops. You can't go wrong trying these and keeping them in your humidor"
Diesel Uncut,4 out of 5,Good cigar,I love the Diesel line. These were unfortunately a little dry and the wrapper is peeling while I smoke.
Diesel Uncut,4 out of 5,The Uncut (thank god we're talking about cigars),"The Uncut (thank god we're talking about cigars)
All I have to say about this one is that it reminds me of smoking a fresh, authentic Cuban cigar. The flavor is very medium + and sweet to the palette."
Diesel Uncut,5 out of 5,Great smoks,"Great cigars. I let them sit in my humidor for about a month before I lit the first one up but once I did I went through all 25 SO QUICKLY. They're great tasting smokes and as Diesels are known for, they pull spectacularly. Will absolutely buy the 25 cigar bundle again."
Diesel Uncut,4 out of 5,Tasty,"Uneven burn, but good smoke and pleasant taste. Might be too strong for some, but I enjoy a tasty cigar! I would recommend, if you enjoy stronger cigars."
Diesel Uncut,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"Starts off peppery, but settles in with rich, kinka sweet tobacco flavor. Definitely full bodied, but smooth and tasty."
Diesel Uncut,4 out of 5,Diesel uncuts,"Nice even burn, easy draw with plenty of smoke."
Diesel Uncut,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"Great everyday cigar. They burn and draw very evenly. Great taste, great experience! Another AJ win."
Diesel Uncut,4 out of 5,"Good cigar, but could be better......","I usually don't complain much about construction problems of cigars, but these could use some improvements. The wrappers on these are thin and unravel and the tight band sticks to the wrapper when removed and tears the wrappers even more. The taste and aroma of these in my opinion are very good, I was outdoors the other day working in my yard and the wrapper had fallen off of one of these and just the binder was left . To say the least, the cigar had very little taste and aroma with the wrapper gone. I will buy these again. I would have rated this cigar five stars if the construction problems were resolved."
Diesel Uncut,5 out of 5,Kentucky love!,Great cigar! One of my favorites. Smoky flavor great finish. Give him a try.
Diesel Uncut,4 out of 5,Diesel Uncut,"Flavor is wonderful but doesn't burn evenly, have to relight often to get an even burn!"
Diesel Uncut,5 out of 5,Diesel UnCut,"This was the first time I have had the Diesel UNCUT and I have to say I loved it. I have had Diesel cigars before and they were good but the UNCUT was really unexpected. Good flavor, lots of smoke and excellent burn. Getting them on a great deal makes them even better. I highly recommend the UNCUT."
Diesel Uncut,5 out of 5,Uncut,Full body smooth from light up the nub
Diesel Uncut,5 out of 5,An Ongoing Favorite,"Nice strong flavor, well constructed. Sorry, I don't taste toast or vanilla flowers - it's just a good cigar."
Diesel Uncut,5 out of 5,Under rated great smoke,"Diesel uncut cigars come in unassuming bundles but will smoke better than many cigars from boxes. They light evenly, burn consistently and taste amazing. Just on the side of medium these cigars are great for the aficionado that wants to broaden his or her horizons past mild mannered sticks. Diesel uncut deserves a spot in every humidor."
Diesel Uncut,5 out of 5,Flavorful!,Is there a 99 rating? This stick deserves it!
Diesel Uncut,5 out of 5,Good stoggie,Good stoggie
Diesel Uncut,5 out of 5,Diesel fans and AJ Fans unite!,"If you are a AJ Fernandez fan, you're in for a nice helping of peppery spice with a leathery cocoa undertone.
I've smoked 6 of 10 and they have been very consistent in burn, flavor, and strength."
Diesel Uncut,4 out of 5,Nice Stick,"Very well constructed, god cold draw, hints of hay. Lights up really nice and even, really good draw, medium strength, taste of little coffee and milk, ""latte"" . Burn and combustion, pretty good all the way thru... The last third a bit stringer... The aroma, not as good as the rest of the cigar. Nevertheless, recommended."
Diesel Uncut,5 out of 5,Terrific full body stogie,Terrific full body stogie
Diesel Uncut,4 out of 5,Very good,Very good
Diesel Uncut,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great overall smoke
Diesel Uncut,5 out of 5,Consistant,Never disappoints
Diesel Uncut,5 out of 5,Change Of Pace,"CI OUT MY REGULAR SMOKE
DARK SHARK
DIESAL UNCUT ON SPECIAL
SLOW SMOKE WITH EVEN BURN
GOOD CHANGE OF PACE CIGAR"
Diesel Uncut,5 out of 5,Good Smoke,"Smooth smoke, easy draw, Mild. Great cigar for the price!"
Diesel Uncut,5 out of 5,Diesel Uncut,Very good smoke
Diesel Uncut,4 out of 5,Good all around smoke but,Good all around smoke but not that strong
Diesel Uncut,4 out of 5,diesel uncut,very smooth
Diesel Uncut d.CT,4 out of 5,Great Cigar!,"Great cigar! The CT wrapper really tames the Nica filler well. The only beef I've had so far is they burn kinda fast, but I smoked 2 ROTT so that maybe the problem. Into the humi for at least a month!"
Diesel Uncut d.CT,4 out of 5,Holy Smokes,"This cigar will not disappoint you. Great draw, lots of smoke and satisfying. You'll know you've been smoking a real cigar when you finish it."
Diesel Uncut d.CT,5 out of 5,"Good burning , great smoke","Good burning , great smoke"
Diesel Uncut d.CT,5 out of 5,Perfect cigar at a great price.,Won these in the sister website. Perfect construction and razor sharp burn. Very earthy medium bodied cigar. I would definitely buy them again without a doubt. Ive not tried the uncut Maduro’s yet but they are on the list. Great cigar bottom line
Diesel Uncut d.CT,3 out of 5,A little uneven burn,I am fairly new to cigars but it seemed these didn’t burn as evenly as others I have smoked.
Diesel Uncut d.CT,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"This uncut Diesel is one fine cigar. My go to cigar for a round of golf, or doing yard work."
Diesel Uncut d.CT,5 out of 5,Smooth,"This cigar is a good solid smooth smoke, not wimpy, not too strong, just right."
Diesel Uncut d.CT,5 out of 5,uncut,"just ok, would not buy again."
Diesel Uncut d.CT,4 out of 5,Diesel Uncut Robusto,"Good looking wrapper, toothy. Preflight draw cocoa. Double V cut really opened up a fantastic draw. Notes of pepper, leather, and spices throughout. Retrohale smooth. Great ash with little to no maintenance to foot. Great everyday stick. Aromatic but not overpowering."
Diesel Uncut d.CT,5 out of 5,Good price good smoke,Good price good smoke
Diesel Uncut d.CT,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,"Awesome cigar to have. Diesel is amazing. Great burn, draw, and flavor. Very well made!"
Diesel Uncut d.CT,4 out of 5,Diesel Uncut Ct.,"Good smoke, well constructed, smooth steady burn. As a Connecticut fan, I can say, get with this stick."
Diesel Uncut d.CT,5 out of 5,Great smoke burn nice and,Great smoke burn nice and even
Diesel Uncut d.CT,4 out of 5,"nicely finished, semi-mild cigar","for the price, I'd order them again...decent taste and burns
a clean grayash"
Diesel Uncut d.CT,5 out of 5,Great cigar,One of my favorite cigars. Wish they made them in a box.
Diesel Uncut d.CT,4 out of 5,Nice Mild Everyday Smoke,Reasonable price for a smooth smoke.
Diesel Uncut d.CT,5 out of 5,👍🏻,👍🏻
Diesel Uncut d.CT,5 out of 5,Like these a lot. Great,Like these a lot. Great burn.
Diesel Uncut d.CT,3 out of 5,Diesel uncut torro,Burned very hot. Arrived very dry. I will let the of them set ony humidor for at least a week or so. This has been going on on with all of my cigar orders lately.
Diesel Uncut d.CT,5 out of 5,Uncut,One of my personal favorites ! 😎💰
Diesel Uncut d.CT,4 out of 5,Would buy again,"Very smooth, good draw, nice mellow smoke"
Diesel Uncut d.CT,4 out of 5,Good smoke and the price,Good smoke and the price is right.
Diesel Uncut d.CT,4 out of 5,Smoke,Nice smoke
Diesel Uncut d.CT,5 out of 5,"Excellent smoke, great price!","Excellent smoke, great price!"
Diesel Uncut d.CT,5 out of 5,Amazing Draw / Great Flavor,Great Mild Smoke with an amazing draw... I will order more :)
Diesel Uncut d.CT,5 out of 5,Great stick,Great smoke for the price
Diesel Uncut d.CT,5 out of 5,Fantastic Smoke,Fantastic Smoke
Diesel Uncut d.CT,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"I have enjoyed several of these babies since they arrived. Nice rich flavor, even burn and a wonderful draw. Cigars don’t fall apart riding my motorcycle so I enjoy them on my ride home from work. Find only well made cigar can hold up to wind at freeway speed."
Diesel Uncut d.CT,5 out of 5,Great!,"Really great products, I enjoyed it very much. Thank you."
Diesel Uncut d.CT,5 out of 5,An excellent cigar.,I lit up a Diesel Toro today while playing golf on a breezy day. Usually a breezy day requires a couple of re-lights on a cigar.. Not today. The Diesel lit evenly and smoked smoothly and cool with a pleasant flavor until the end.. I even commented on how good the Diesel was to my non-smoking cartmate. I might have to safe my Diesels for just windy days when most of my other brands of cigars are almost too much work. Diesel is highly recommended by me.
Diesel Uncut d.CT,4 out of 5,Economical,"Decent smoke for the price. Smooth taste, and easy draw."
Diesel Uncut d.CT,5 out of 5,Fantastic,One of my favorites!
Diesel Uncut d.CT,4 out of 5,Pretty danged good,Pretty danged good
Diesel Uncut d.CT,5 out of 5,Good,Good
Diesel Uncut d.CT,5 out of 5,ct cigars,"taste of nuts mild, burns great very good"
Diesel Uncut d.CT,5 out of 5,Outstanding value. Great smoke.,Outstanding value. Great smoke.
Diesel Uncut d.CT,5 out of 5,Great job,Great job
Diesel Uncut d.CT,5 out of 5,diesel uncut CT,great tasteing even smooth burns perfect
Diesel Uncut d.CT,5 out of 5,Consistently good,"This cigar tastes great, burns great and satisfies every time. Can't say that for much anymore. Get it on sale and you will never lose."
Diesel Uncut d.CT,4 out of 5,It's a Diesel,A slightly tamed down Diesel cigar. Holds true to the Diesel line in flavor but non full flavored cigar smokers might enjoy this one.
Diesel Uncut d.CT,1 out of 5,Tossed!!!!,I smoked a few. Like draw through a pencil. There the rest away. Sorry not a good buy! Very cheaply made.
Diesel Uncut d.CT,5 out of 5,Diesel Uncut,"A very good mild cigar which is well
constructed . Took a 10 pack up deer
hunting and they were everyone's favorite.
Definitely on my buy again list ."
Diesel Uncut d.CT,5 out of 5,Great smo,"Great smoke, smooth, consistent, steady even burn.... a great stick for the price. 4th time I’ve ordered. Will again."
Diesel Uncut d.CT,5 out of 5,Diesel is it!,A very enjoyable smoke! Will be buying more of these!
Diesel Uncut d.CT,5 out of 5,All came as expected.... Great,All came as expected.... Great products
Diesel Uncut d.CT,5 out of 5,d. CT pride!!!!!!,"Living most of my life in the nutmeg state. Diesel uncut CT. Makes me proud of where l live... CT. Wrapper are usually associated with mild or mellow cigars, but diesel uncut CT smashes that belief.... The strong taste of maduro, with a touch of spice. All the held together with the world famous CT. wrapper....."
Diesel Uncut d.CT,5 out of 5,Great Cigar!,"This cigar has excellent taste, construction, and draw. They are perfect with a morning cup of coffee or as an evening smoke after dinner."
Diesel Uncut d.CT,5 out of 5,A go to mild,A great cigar for sharing with a friend and hitting the links.
Diesel Uncut d.CT,2 out of 5,nothing to write home about,Should be rated as mild to medium. Very mild flavors of wheat and tobacco. A bit on the dry side. A pretty bland smoke. Would not recommend to friends.
Diesel Uncut d.CT,3 out of 5,Fair to Good,"Cigar wrapper a bit dry, overall good smoke with medium to mild tase of oak and coffee under tones."
Diesel Unlimited,5 out of 5,Diesel cigars,Bought for my fiancé ! His favorite cigars!!
Diesel Unlimited,5 out of 5,Awesome,Awesome
Diesel Unlimited,5 out of 5,DIESEL ....Love it!,"Diesel has become my ""Go To"" cigar! Always great quality!"
Diesel Unlimited,4 out of 5,Nice smoking cigar once you,Nice smoking cigar once you get it lit.
Diesel Unlimited,5 out of 5,one of my favs,one of my favs
Diesel Unlimited,5 out of 5,great cigar,"One of the best tasting cigars I’ve ever had. Wish I could afford to smoke them exclusively, but when they come on I buy all I can afford at the time."
Diesel Unlimited,4 out of 5,Very smooth.,Solid cigars all around.
Diesel Unlimited,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke.,Well balanced start to finish.
Diesel Unlimited,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Diesel Unlimited,5 out of 5,THe Best!!!,"On of my favorite blends and sizes from Diesel!!!
A good long medium smoke with great construction throughout!"
Diesel Unlimited,5 out of 5,Great consistency,"Been a long time RP fan but they quality has declined recently. Diesel was one of the first brands I had smoked and nothing has changed since then. Laser line burn, great draw, and most important to me....the same experience from stick to stick."
Diesel Unlimited,5 out of 5,AWESOME BUY 👌,AWESOME BUY 👌
Diesel Unlimited,5 out of 5,My favorite,My favorite
Diesel Unlimited,4 out of 5,Diesel is my go to,"Diesel is my go to cigar and these are my 'with morning coffee' favorites. Even flavorful smoke, a great way to sort out the days chores."
Diesel Unlimited,5 out of 5,great cigars,great cigars
Diesel Unlimited,5 out of 5,D 7,Is long burning and strong.
Diesel Unlimited,5 out of 5,I was looking for a,I was looking for a solid mild cigar for Golf . I hit the jackpot with a full great tasting cigar which lasted 10 holes
Diesel Unlimited,4 out of 5,nice deal,nice deal
Diesel Unlimited,5 out of 5,"Excellent Cigars, GreT Service 😎","Excellent Cigars, GreT Service 😎"
Diesel Unlimited,5 out of 5,Excellent. Should have bought more.,Excellent. Should have bought more.
Diesel Unlimited,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Even burn and frankly it is the best cigars I’ve ever smoked For my taste
Diesel Unlimited,5 out of 5,"Great cigar, even better price!","My First diesel smoke. Not sure what I was expecting, but I wasn’t expecting this smoke to be this good. Full flavor, easy draw, and even burn. Even though it’s a full bodied smoke, it’s not over powering. Enjoying my d.6 with a nice stout beer. The creaminess of the stout compliments the diesel d.6. For the price of this cigar you can’t go wrong!"
Diesel Unlimited,4 out of 5,OK Smoke,"When I punched out he end, instead out cutting it, it slip on a few of them, however they were alright smokes."
Diesel Unlimited,4 out of 5,Consistency,Consistency I have Been smoking diesel for sometime it is a full body cigar with same flavors and burn box after box
Diesel Unlimited,5 out of 5,Go to Cigar,"What can you say, it is one of the most flavorful sticks on the market. The price insures I can enjoy as often as I feel like."
Diesel Unlimited,5 out of 5,My second wife.,"True love right here, been smoking these for so long wish they weren't so much but well worth it"
Diesel Unlimited,4 out of 5,Diesel Unlimited d.5 is a good cigar,A good go-to stick.
Diesel Unlimited,5 out of 5,The go to Cigar,Pairs great with top shelf single malt whiskey.
Diesel Unlimited,4 out of 5,good smoke,"compact, smooth burning,tasty"
Diesel Unlimited,5 out of 5,Fantastic cigar,"The Diesel Unlimited (Habano) is a great cigar. The d.5 is one of my favorites. Perfect size, great taste, even burn... Everytime. Exceptional value."
Diesel Unlimited,4 out of 5,Purchased another Box--Solid but...,"I love the D6 Gordo as my everyday smoke. Love the spice bomb and 1.5 hour lasting cigar. The last deal was crazy good, $4 per. This last box did have some BIG ole stems and was touching them up more than past boxes. It happens but hope it was just an off batch. I have 100+ more expensive smokes in my humi but I tend to keep pulling out this smoke, works for my palate. Just ordered another"
Diesel Unlimited,4 out of 5,OK,good burn and flavor. but when you remove the Diesel log paper on the foot the wrapper comes undone. maybe deisel should put the log at the top good burn flavor
Diesel Unlimited,5 out of 5,Nice smoke,Very good cigar lots of white smoke
Diesel Unlimited,5 out of 5,Diesel cigars top notch.,One of my everyday go to cigars
Diesel Unlimited,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"Nice even burn, had to punch one out of the ten I bought. Great flavors. Definitely will buy more."
Diesel Unlimited,4 out of 5,I just love Diesel cigars,I just love Diesel cigars
Diesel Unlimited,5 out of 5,Great enjoyable cigar.,I have bought these in the past. I love the spice and oak taste these cigars offer. When you want something more them mild this is a great choice. You won't be disappointed.
Diesel Unlimited,4 out of 5,Robust for sure,"Heavy, full bodied. Enjoyable to the end"
Diesel Unlimited,4 out of 5,very fresh smooth,very fresh smooth
Diesel Unlimited,5 out of 5,I like him,I like him
Diesel Unlimited,3 out of 5,Jeckl & Hyde,"Bought a 5 pack because I love all things Diesel. First 3 smokes were incredible. Great Smoke for when you have sometime to smoke. Last 2 smokes were so dry the just fell apart. Couldn't even get thru them. Absolutely horrible. All 5 cigars were treated the same, in the same humidor, and smoked within 8 or 10 days. I was totally disappointed after enjoying the first couple."
Diesel Unlimited,4 out of 5,Good snoke.,Good snoke.
Diesel Unlimited,4 out of 5,"Great cigar, Diesel does a","Great cigar, Diesel does a fine job. Still looking for the ""perfect one""."
Diesel Unlimited,4 out of 5,Tha best,Ordering these all quarantine. Livin my best life.
Diesel Unlimited,5 out of 5,Great smoke and great value.,Great smoke and great value.
Diesel Unlimited,5 out of 5,Perfect Panatela,"This cigar looks a little different with it's pigtail and match lite tip but the draw, construction and that bold 
smooth flavor are spot on. No doubt it's a Diesel."
Diesel Unlimited,5 out of 5,Diesel,Great cigar with awesome taste. Very smooth and no after taste.
Diesel Unlimited,5 out of 5,Diesel speaker,Great speaker
Diesel Unlimited,5 out of 5,Amazing Cigar,These are my go to cigars. Love them. Excellent flavor and smell. Good hour burn cigar.
Diesel Unlimited,5 out of 5,Wonderful!!,Wonderful!!
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,4 out of 5,Great,Really like this cigar. Will buy again
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar!,One of the most perfect cigars I have ever had.
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,Very good cigar,This is a great cigar.
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke...,Excellent smoke...
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,4 out of 5,Diesel unlimited,Good price for this cigar
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,The best cigar in this,The best cigar in this price range.
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,4 out of 5,All AJ cigars are great!,Would have given 5 stars but 2 of the cigars were split.
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,good tight smoke.,good tight smoke.
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,This is my sit back and relax smoke. Great smoke.
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,Consistent and strong,Best full flavored Maduro I’ve purchased yet. Highly recommended
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,easy to smoke and burns,easy to smoke and burns nice
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,Diesel maduro,Excellent cigar my #1 go to cigar
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Stick!! My Favorate,Great Stick!! My Favorate
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,4 out of 5,Good value,Good value
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,Fantastic cigar for the price.,Fantastic cigar for the price. I would do it again.
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,Excellent construction and taste.
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,4 out of 5,Excellent,Great stick. Burns hot and a little mushy (at the end nearest to the foot.
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,Yum,I smoke these everyday
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,Diesel,"Awesome cigar, smooth, great flavor and clean burn."
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,Great daily!,Great daily!
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,love this cigar forever,"Im diesels big fan, and i really love this cigar. perfect draw, sweet and spicy, well constructed, good flavor. i will purchase this again and again, god bless aj!"
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,4 out of 5,Big Smooth Body!,It's a very smooth full body smoke. I'll definitely be ordering more!
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,"I smoke three cigars primarily,","I smoke three cigars primarily, for forty years,and this is one of them, with reason."
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,"Slow burning cigar, great construction, and good flavor...one of my favorites in my humidor"
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,4 out of 5,great,great
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,Diesel cigars are great,They are my everyday smoke.
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,4 out of 5,good cigar for the money,good cigar for the money
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,4 out of 5,Life of the Party!,"very smooth, good flavor. I've ordered these several times and all the fellas and some ladies have really enjoyed them."
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,Diesel,Great cigars!!
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,Expectations met,Exceptionally powerful
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,BRICK HOUSE PARTY,"Close your eyes, take a puff and it's Party Time!"
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,Great flavor,Diesel doesn’t fail at all. Very good cigar. Great taste. Great burn. I enjoyed smoking this cigar. A+++. Will be ordering more.
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,After dinner stick,Nothing is more relaxing after a great steak
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,A good 6x60 smoke,"Great Gordo, tastes great too."
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,My favorite smoke,Outstanding cigar.
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,MY FAVORITE,"My favorite Diesel....love the Maduro, love the burn rate, love the draw, love the flavor, love the full body."
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,Tried for the first time.,Tried for the first time. Great smoke
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,Love Em!,Love Em!
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,4 out of 5,Tasty. Good burn. Earthy,Tasty. Good burn. Earthy
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke.,Great smoke.
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,Full body delight,Fantastic smoke. Full of flavor.
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,Amazing!,Amazing!
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,Great quality Maduro,"If you like a strong, quality smoke, the Diesel Maduro is perfect. Really a great smoke with a reasonable price point."
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,My favorite cigar,My favorite cigar
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,Worth the $,"Great burn, excellent flavor, but shipping time is atrocious."
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,4 out of 5,Great value,Great smoke at a great price.
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,diesel,Great smoke
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,Gets great mileage...,"No fancy talk, just my opinion on this cigar. When my bronchitis goes away. I'll get to smoke my third one. The first two were super and I made 'em last. Got reeeal good mileage and excellent taste."
Diesel Whiskey Row,5 out of 5,great cigars. pretty much a,great cigars. pretty much a daily smoker
Diesel Whiskey Row,5 out of 5,Diesel whiskey row,Diesel whiskey row is a nice cigar with a good draw and a decent taste something you can enjoy often without breaking the bank
Diesel Whiskey Row,5 out of 5,Excellent cigars,Excellent cigars
Diesel Whiskey Row,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Some of the best cigars for the money
Diesel Whiskey Row,5 out of 5,Great Cigar!,"I'm a huge Diesel fan to begin with. These cigars really hit the spot! Good flavor, aroma and construction. These will be a regular in my humidor!
Highly recommend for those who like medium-full cigars with a hint of Bourbon in the mix!"
Diesel Whiskey Row,5 out of 5,Robust and hearty,Diesel top of the food chain absolutely great smoke!!!
Diesel Whiskey Row,4 out of 5,"Not quite the same as infused, but very nice indeed.","I typically purchase flavored or infused cigars that lean toward the lighter end, so this was a bit of a departure for me.
These are smooth for being darker than my normal cigar and burn well with a bold, full flavored draw. The aroma is pleasant as well.
Overall I think these will be a great smoke for when I have company that prefer a non-infused cigar. I however will stick to Drew Estate varieties, which are more mild and flavorful. I’m pleased with my purchase."
Diesel Whiskey Row,5 out of 5,great cigar,great cigar
Diesel Whiskey Row,5 out of 5,Enjoy!,All I can say is I really like this medium cigar. I ordered a box after I order a five pack on deal of the day.
Diesel Whiskey Row,5 out of 5,Smooth smoke,Nice ash great flavor not harsh but bold i like this cigar
Diesel Whiskey Row,4 out of 5,Good Smoke,Wouldn’t stay on to long other than that it was fine
Diesel Whiskey Row,5 out of 5,Great stick,Great medium plus smoke
Diesel Whiskey Row,5 out of 5,Great smoke.,"Best dam smoke I've had, putting in order on a full box as I write this."
Diesel Whiskey Row,5 out of 5,Best of Diesel,"Holy Smokes!!! These amazing flavor bombs are the cream of the Diesel Crop !!! They just need a short 30 day nap in your humidor and BOOM, flavor bomb supreme, well worth every penny so don’t hesitate on buying a box of these!!!"
Diesel Whiskey Row,5 out of 5,Worth investment if you like the first diesel looks you will like this one.,This cigar right here is a fine well put together cigar that is enjoyable. The diesel Whiskey Row cigar is worth the investment.
Diesel Whiskey Row,5 out of 5,good cigar,good cigar
Diesel Whiskey Row,3 out of 5,it had good flavor but,it had good flavor but the two I've smoked both unwrapped.
Diesel Whiskey Row,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Smooth and tasty from start to finish
Diesel Whiskey Row,4 out of 5,Needs more infusion time,"I truly enjoyed this cigar, burned well and. burned even, I was looking for a bit more flavor so I infused them myself and got a richer smother flavor."
Diesel Whiskey Row,4 out of 5,Cigar and a bourbon !,"Silky smooth wrapper , even burn and a nice draw , found it solid medium to full , great blend."
Diesel Whiskey Row,3 out of 5,Below expectation,Uneven burn
Diesel Whiskey Row,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,Very impressed! Awesome flavor! Changes through out the smoke. Highly recommend!!
Diesel Whiskey Row,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Diesel has been My favorite for along time. slow burn great taste will buy again
Diesel Whiskey Row,5 out of 5,Smooth,Very smooth smoke.
Diesel Whiskey Row,5 out of 5,Solid smoke,Good flavor great draw and a reliable burn at a very reasonable price. Relatively neutral but with enough body for it to be satisfying.
Diesel Whiskey Row,3 out of 5,I think they was an,I think they was an ok cigar for the money
Diesel Whiskey Row,5 out of 5,"excellent medium to mild smoke,","excellent medium to mild smoke, git one!"
Diesel Whiskey Row,4 out of 5,Great stick really smooth with,Great stick really smooth with just enough spice to keep it interesting
Diesel Whiskey Row,5 out of 5,Smooth for the price,"Nice cigar for the price, definitely medium bodied and mild. Paired with a bourbon then a port, and both times the taste balanced well!"
Diesel Whiskey Row,5 out of 5,One to Try!!!!,"A well balanced medium/mild smoke. The whiskey aging added a very light pleasant hint of buttery oak, and bourbon. A unique and elegant experience characteristic of Diesel."
Diesel Whiskey Row,5 out of 5,Diesel Whiskey Row,"Wow, what a nice surprise! Box pressed with a nice draw and plenty of smooth creamy smoke. Another AJ winner!"
Diesel Whiskey Row,4 out of 5,Pleasant,Pleasant
Diesel Whiskey Row,3 out of 5,Pretty good but expecting more,"First half of this stick is always terrific. Full of flavor, lots of smoke. Somewhere between half and 2/3 it turns to a harsher, less enjoyable flavor. Worth a try."
Diesel Whiskey Row,4 out of 5,Nice,Nice
Diesel Whiskey Row,4 out of 5,good,Early mild does not leave a bad taste in my mouth.
Diesel Whiskey Row,5 out of 5,Great service,Love CI. Always good service. Good prices with a great variety of cigars. Keep up the good work.
Diesel Whiskey Row,4 out of 5,Very pleasant smoke..,Very pleasant smoke..
Diesel Whiskey Row,5 out of 5,DIESEL BOURBON ROW,Best cigars I have had in years for the price. Excellent slow burn tastiness. Highly recommended.
Diesel Whiskey Row,4 out of 5,Good stick,Good stick
Diesel Whiskey Row,4 out of 5,Fussy one.,"Found the strength to be a little more stout than advertised, but overall a great smoke."
Diesel Whiskey Row,4 out of 5,Diesel Whiskey Row Robusto,Only a 4 rating because I save 5's for Davidoffs and such. But a 4 from me is a pretty good endorsement.
Diesel Whiskey Row,3 out of 5,Just okay,Just okay
Diesel Whiskey Row,4 out of 5,Pleasantly surprised,"It’s a decent smoke. No complaints. Good burn, nice ash, easy drawl with a punch cutter. Stayed tasty all the way to the end. I would by again"
Diesel Whiskey Row,5 out of 5,Whiskey Wow,I’ve tried other “whiskey” infused cigars and they all underwhelm. Diesel has surprised me. Give it a try.
Diesel Whiskey Row,3 out of 5,Nice Taste,Good flavor
Diesel Whiskey Row,5 out of 5,Tasty treat,I maybe consider a novice but I enjoyed it a lot.
Diesel Whiskey Row,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
Diesel Whiskey Row,5 out of 5,Not bad for the price,Nice consistent smoke after work... will definitely restock! 👊🏾
Diesel Whiskey Row,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"Medium to full bodied. Not overpowering. Great smell, burn, taste and ash."
Diesel Whiskey Row,5 out of 5,Good smoke.,"I’m not able to discerne notes of this, hints of that, etc. This stick shows good construction, stays lit all the way through and has a nice balanced flavor. I like it and will be ordering more."
Diesel Whiskey Row Sherry Cask,5 out of 5,Diesel Whiskey Row Sherry Cask,Excellent full-bodied cigar that goes well with Bourbon
Diesel Whiskey Row Sherry Cask,5 out of 5,Another Excellent Diesel,"I tried the Whiskey Row Sherry Cask and was not disappointed, they were very enjoyable and even one of my good friends liked them alot. Great cigar!"
Diesel Whiskey Row Sherry Cask,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"Very nice cigar, I like Diesels and this one did not disappoint. Shared with a good buddy of mine and he thought they were well worth the money. I definitely recommend them."
Diesel Whiskey Row Sherry Cask,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,I enjoy this stick in the early mornings with my morning coffee. Consistent from start to finish.
Diesel Whiskey Row Sherry Cask,5 out of 5,Another great Diesel,"Fantastic cigar. Nice tight roll. Burns dimes on the ash. Construction is great. Flavor profile is heavy espresso, earthiness, balanced by some tang from the sherry casks. Remarkable cigar."
Diesel Whiskey Row Sherry Cask,4 out of 5,Decent Cigar,"I'm a HUGE Diesel fan. One of my top cigar brands. Out of the hundreds I've smoked, I think I had one or two that failed me. This cigar wasn't bad at all. Just not really what I was expecting. A little underwhelming, if you will. I'll probably opt for other Diesels."
Diesel Whiskey Row Sherry Cask,5 out of 5,An Excellent Smoke!,There are not enough words to describe the goodness of this cigar. So good you hate to finish it. But there's always the next one to enjoy.
Diesel Whiskey Row Sherry Cask,5 out of 5,Excellent cigars,Excellent cigars
Diesel Whiskey Row Sherry Cask,5 out of 5,Better than expected!,"Fantastic experience! Rich, full body throughout. Even received a compliment from my pipe only friend who has never been able to finish a cigar before, he finished this one!"
Diesel Whiskey Row Sherry Cask,5 out of 5,A Great Cigar... I will buy more!,"Great cigar.. Even my girlfriend was like, ""Ooo, what's that you're smoking... I like it!"""
Diesel Whiskey Row Sherry Cask,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke!!!,This was a much better smoke than I anticipated!!!
Diesel Whiskey Row Sherry Cask,4 out of 5,Good cigar worth the try,Good cigar worth the try
Diesel Whiskey Row Sherry Cask,5 out of 5,Impeccable,"The most delicious stick I've ever had, this may have replaced the Fuente Anejo as my all time favorite."
Diesel Whiskey Row Sherry Cask,1 out of 5,Diesel Whiskey Row Sherry Cask,Not as pleasant tasting draw as I expected. I’ve had infused cigars before and this is by far the worse. I wouldn’t recommend this cigar to any of my friends or family cigar smokers.
Diesel Whiskey Row Sherry Cask,4 out of 5,Diesel Whisky Row Sherry Cask,"Got these robustos in sampler which was an excellent deal. Always have enjoyed Diesel,in wherever form,and this was no exception. Smooth and balanced with touches of pepper and fruit,and a sweet earthiness. Definitely will buy these again."
Diesel Whiskey Row Sherry Cask,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Loved it gave it to a smoking pal he enjoyed it also will order again
Diesel Whiskey Row Sherry Cask,4 out of 5,Good smoke,"These smoke well but don’t burn evenly, which is a pet peeve of mine. They do stay lit and taste great!"
Diesel Whiskey Row Sherry Cask,5 out of 5,#1 Diesel,"This cigar is number #1 for me right now. I’ve tried all three
Vitolas and they’re all good. The Toro is my favorite. The longer you smoke one the better they get. When you get into these aways they become a complex flavor bomb you just don’t want to end. All have had an excellent draw and burn. But the flavor is what keeps me wanting to light up another one."
Diesel Whiskey Row Sherry Cask,5 out of 5,Great stick.,"Really enjoy smoking these, bought a box of toros about a month ago. Definitely a medium+ stick, with a touch of spice. I definitely don’t have the most refined palette, but upon lighting I pick up leather, chocolate and a touch of black pepper in the retro-hale. As the cigar burns into the second third the sherry notes appears very faintly on the finish, while the original flavor intensity slightly. That continues into the final third.
I find myself smoking them to the nub each time, as I enjoy the flavors so much from beginning to end."
Diesel Whiskey Row Sherry Cask,5 out of 5,Great stick,"I am currently smoking one, yet I couldn't wait to let them sit in my humidor. My 1st is possibly going to be different from my 2nd due to the time it was in the humidor (1d), and so far on the first 1/3 I got black pepper flavors with small hints of sweetness. Shortly after, sweet dried druits, dark chocolate and cedar, the hints of pepper were just at the beginning on this one. Surely a good cigar that worth a try"
Diesel Whiskey Row Sherry Cask,5 out of 5,AJ does it again,"I picked one of these up at my local B&M and let it acclimate to my humidor for one month. First light, it is very smooth with a slightly sweet chocolate taste, almost no pepper. It goes away very quickly on the tongue. On the retrohale is a woody slightly sweet earth with a feint hit of chocolate. No doubt the sweetness is coming from the sherry cask. No burn issues except i nicked the wrapper trying to get the foot cover off, mine was really stuck on there so be careful removing it. I paired it with a sweet sports drink that complented it well. All in all it was an enjoyable stick."
Diesel Wicked,5 out of 5,Wicked smoke,"Another one of my favorites. Smooth, thick ash, and just an enjoyable smoke."
Diesel Wicked,5 out of 5,My Favorite Diesel - And That Says Something,"I'm a Diesel fan. Of their offerings, this one is my favorite, followed by the stardard Diesel in the Unholy Cocktail vitolla.
The Wicked has a dark, dusky badass looking wrapper that pairs wonderfully with the label. It's rich in flavor, in smoke, and feel in the hand. I enjoy them so much I'm sometimes reluctant to torch one up except for the better occasions.
Boxes of these are not always available, so when they are, I mash the ""add to cart"" button hard and fast."
Diesel Wicked,5 out of 5,My favorite Diesel!,Great cigar! Great wrapper! Easy draw with lots of smoke! Earthy with cherry kick throughout. Well worth the money!
Diesel Wicked,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Diesel Wicked,5 out of 5,Diesel wicked,It is a very very good stick earthy peppery at the end and all around very good smoke would highly recommend it.
Diesel Wicked,4 out of 5,Strong smoke,Love the diesel brand this smoke is there strongest. Hot on the tongue at the beginning then smooths out. Over all good smoke. Would buy again
Diesel Wicked,5 out of 5,Like it sounds!,"Full flavor, start your engine, smoke blowing dandy!"
Diesel Wicked,5 out of 5,Amazing,Amazing
Diesel Wicked,5 out of 5,Dark And Wonderful,"I could tell in the first few draws that this was something special. It's a complex beast. Bold, strong, featuring a complex palate of dark and wonderful notes. Wicked, sinister, and one of the most enjoyable maduros I've ever come across. If these aren't on backorder, do yourself a favor and pull the trigger. They're fantastic."
Diesel Wicked,5 out of 5,"Love the dark wrapper, very well constructed!","PHENOMENAL! Received these as part of a Diesel 35 pack. Absolutely delicious. All Diesels, as far as I'm concerned are great smokes, but this one stands out!"
Diesel Wicked,5 out of 5,Wicked,"Good draw after cutting. Great flavor,nice salt and pepper ash. Try one. Well worth it."
Diesel Wicked,5 out of 5,Waterproof!!!,"5 stars seems like an understatement to the quality of this cigar. I will get to the amazing flavor in a moment, but I had this cigar while tailgating in the pouring rain and it never lost flavor, lost its flame, or became water logged. The wrapper was so tight it kept burning.
The flavor was amazing, a slight spice and hint of expresso to compliment a bold but smooth draw. I would recommend this cigar to anyone."
Diesel Wicked,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,"These are wicked...wicked good! For my taste it doesn't get better than this. Good full body and deep, rich flavor. Burns slow and even and builds a good ash. Great smoke volume. Starts out calm and tasty and then hits the crescendo of flavor at the halfway point. My only regret is that I didn't triple my order when they were on special sale."
Diesel Wicked,4 out of 5,I got a deal on,"I got a deal on these. Good stick, right in the AJ wheelhouse as to be expected! I do feel at regular asking prices that cigars like Diesel Unholy Cocktail and Diesel Maduro along with Man O War original are better bargains. This cigar is a nice full bodied blend though. Iwould look to buy on sale again!"
Diesel Wicked,5 out of 5,Best from Diesel,Taste good Burn good
Diesel Wicked,5 out of 5,Awesome cigar,Awesome cigar
Diesel Wicked,3 out of 5,Smooth and creamy.,"I enjoyed this cigar, and it was clean all the way through for a full body cigar."
Diesel Wicked,4 out of 5,Haymaker to the head; not overly complex,"Got these with the AJ Chosen One sampler. Let me start this off by saying I was really excited about this stick. I love diesel and mostly anything AJ. I also prefer medium and full bodied peppery blends. That said, this was a little disappointing. The cigar is beautiful and the construction looked amazing. That said, it’s a bit of a one-trick pony for the first half and the draw was tight. About halfway through some earth and dark roasted coffee come in and the pepper starts to subside. It’s a definite powerhouse as advertised, and only grows in body and power. I was just searching for more and it was more-or-less consistent. Only had to correct the burn once. I’ll still enjoy them in the future, but I over-hyped this going into it."
Diesel Wicked,4 out of 5,Satisfying smoke.,Pleasantly surprised by construction and taste. Will buy more
Diesel Wicked,3 out of 5,Wicked Diesel,"Not the usual, good taste but very hard draw."
Diesel Wicked,3 out of 5,Only OK. Confused,"My least favorite of the Diesel blends. Also thought I was purchasing Delirum, then Wicked arrived."
Diesel Wicked,5 out of 5,Wicked Good Smoke!,Great flavors and construction.
Diesel Wicked,5 out of 5,So good,"I ordered these thinking they were the cigars that I had recently received in some deal that I liked. As soon as these arrived I realized I ordered the wrong cigars. Best mistake I have made in a long time. Sit down and get ready for an amazing stick. Excellent flavor, draw, and a perfect burn made this a very enjoyable smoke."
Diesel Wicked,4 out of 5,Solid smoke,Go easy on this one......lot of flavor
Diesel Wicked,5 out of 5,Wicked Good,Just plain love this cigar.
Diesel Wicked,5 out of 5,Great everyday cigar,"Wow, I got a few of these in a sampler. I think I smoked the first one too soon. I decided to smoke one today because I bought better quality humidor that was a little smaller, so I didn't have room for it. It has been a great experience and pretty complex. It is strong but not overpowering. Excellent construction. Three quarters of the way through and still very consistent. This cigar will not disappoint."
Diesel Wicked,5 out of 5,Wicked good!,"Diesel has been a staple in my humidor. Since the Diesel came out, it's no different. I always have them and can rely on AJ's consistent production for an enjoyable experience every time! This blend takes his game to a whole new level. Enjoy, all!"
Diesel Wicked,5 out of 5,Not a beginners stick...,"I'm a fan of the diesel line and this is no exception. This is a strong cigar with a lot of flavor. This is a great cigar for when you have time to enjoy it. It can sneak up on you though, so be careful."
Diesel Wicked,5 out of 5,Great cigars,Great cigars would buy them again
Diesel Wicked,5 out of 5,Consistent winner,"Diesel has always delivered across their labels. The wicked line has a deeper, darker flavor to it. As with other diesel products, it has a richness to the smoke and is well-made."
Diesel Wicked,5 out of 5,👍🏼👍🏼,Enjoyed this cigar!!
Diesel Wicked,4 out of 5,"Good cigar, not mild.","Burns well, good flavor, and there is nothing wrong with it.
Also: good price."
Diesel Wicked,5 out of 5,Good stick,Good stick
Diesel Wicked,5 out of 5,I LOVE DIESEL!,If could this would be the one I would smoke all the time . consistent quality I have never had a bad DIESEL.
Diesel Wicked,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar. A little tight on the draw for my liking. Would buy again for that price
Diesel Wicked,5 out of 5,Diesel fuels me!,"I’ve tried most all of the various Diesel cigars, and love them all Great flavor and smooth even burn. I would only recommend them only to people who enjoy good cigars!"
Diesel Wicked,5 out of 5,Anything AJ Fernandez is awesome,Anything AJ Fernandez is awesome
Diesel Wicked,5 out of 5,"Very tasty, very potent. Not for the beginner.","Awesome cigar, but put on your man pants. I recommend you take your time on this one."
Diesel Wicked,5 out of 5,Wicked is the best! Period,"Fabulous full bodied smoke
Perfect draw every stick
Best tasting cigar I have ever smoked
Well done!!"
Diesel Wicked,5 out of 5,cigar smokers,I ask you to try the diesel wicked if you're looking for a satisfying smoke from the beginning to the end a sassy smoke
Diesel Wicked,5 out of 5,I enjoy Diesels,Diesel Wickeds are great. Great taste and value.
Diesel Wicked,5 out of 5,Outstanding!,Outstanding!
Diesel Wicked,5 out of 5,Another fabulous creation from AJ!,Another fabulous creation from AJ!
Diesel Wicked,4 out of 5,Really nice cigar!,"I've never been a big Diesel fan, but I got a Diesel Wicked at cigar fest 2017. I have to say really nice cigar from start to finish. Definitely the best Diesel cigar I've ever had. Great flavor, easy draw!"
Diesel Wicked,5 out of 5,Love the fast and cheap shipping,Great site to order cigars only takes a few days to get them and he shipping cost is cheap
Diesel Wicked,5 out of 5,Diesel wicked,I'm a huge diesel fan and I must say this is there best cigar in my opinion. A very smooth rich cigar. 10 out of 10 in my book.
Diesel Wicked,5 out of 5,Awesome Smoke.,"What a great Smoke.
Long and smooth"
Diesel Wicked,4 out of 5,great smoke,"Awesome smoke. I would compare to partegas black pyramids, but a bit lower cost"
Diesel Wicked,2 out of 5,I'll stay with unholy cocktail.,"Not nearly as good as unholy cocktail, even if they were priced the same."
Djarum Black Ivory,5 out of 5,perfect,perfect service great product fast shipping
Djarum Black Ruby,5 out of 5,Perfect,Perfect
Djarum Black Ruby,5 out of 5,"Awesome, delivery was slow...","Awesome, delivery was slow..."
Djarum Black Ruby,5 out of 5,Great buy,They was very fresh and tasty
Djarum Black Sapphire,5 out of 5,Crystal Blue Persuasion,"If you are wistful for the taste of the now-outlawed Clove cigarettes of old with a touch of menthol, Djarum has what you need. I smoke both the Emerald and the Sapphire cigarillos, and both varieties have great flavor and an alluring aroma that will get you noticed (particularly by the ladies) in a good way. Both are satisfying (especially with coffee or a cold brew) but the difference between the two is the amount of menthol flavor added to the mix. My personal preference is for Sapphire since taste-wise Emerald reminds me of a Kool mild while the Sapphire taste makes me think ""Crystal Blue Persuasion."" Either way, both are winners in my view."
Dominican Cream,3 out of 5,dominican cream,A decent smoke but I wouldn't tout them to a friend. A fair price for a fair smoke
Dominican Cream,5 out of 5,A gem !!,"very mild and smooth smoke , grate buy for the money!!"
Dominican Cream,4 out of 5,Good smoke,"Mild, good taste. If you want a decent even smoke, with little aftertaste. Then I highly recommend."
Dominican Cream,4 out of 5,Not Bad,"Overall not a bad stick. It is on the smooth mild side with a very slight sweet tip early in the smoke. The draw is not easy initially. after it burns a 1/4 then it gets better. What I found odd was the filler. The filler does not burn well and stays for a long while. However, it is smooth and nice. After the initial 1/4 stick burns it is a good smoke."
Dominican Cream,4 out of 5,Don't order these... they're mine.,Best smoke I've found so far but don't order these becasue last time I went to order them you guys had ordered them all. Go find yourself something else to smoke and leave me and these creamy dreamies alone. A great buy for the money.
Dominican Cream,5 out of 5,Like very much consistently good,Like very much consistently good
Dominican Cream,4 out of 5,4 stars,some veriblity in structure but overall good.
Dominican Cream,3 out of 5,Average filler sometimes with wood,Average filler sometimes with wood sticks in them not bad for a cheap smoke
Dominican Cream,4 out of 5,Well worth a try,"Solid smoke. Mild. Taste profile and construction consistent from stick to stick. Don’t love the sweet cap, but it fades away soon after lighting."
Dominican Cream,4 out of 5,exceent mid cigar,"Has a bit of bitter taste at end , but this mid cigar stays it ti the end and is a great buy, even a surprising buy."
Dominican Cream,5 out of 5,Love em,Love em
Dominican Cream,5 out of 5,Dominican Cream Robusto,These are very smooth cigars at a good price.
Dominican Cream,5 out of 5,"Great taste, mild, burns even,","Great taste, mild, burns even, really great price."
Dominican Cream,4 out of 5,Enjoyed the toro very much.,"Just had my second Dominican. Won’t lie, I pretty much bought them as handouts, and no one has complained about them, rather the recipients have been complimentary. Tonight I was ate in getting around to lighting up after a late dinner. I mostly smoke stronger cigars, but after awhile they start to taste the same, so I poured a couple fingers of scotch on the rocks (neat if I’m smoking a stronger stick) and lit up an expected milder Dominican Cream toro. It was relaxing and I enjoyed the pairing very much. I was curious as to who makes them and after reading through the reviews, the consensus is that Erik Espinosa is the culprit, which doesn’t surprise me as I tend to like his cigars. I have to say I agree with all of the positive reviews - mild to medium, good flavor, smoke volume, easy draw and even burning. Now, I hope that they will restock these at the same low price. I favor punching mixed filler cigars, that way I avoid getting bits of tobacco on my tongue. I will still pass these out but I think I’ll be a little more selective when I do. Very good cigar in my limited experience with them."
Dominican Cream,3 out of 5,Everyday,great everyday smoke.
Dominican Cream,5 out of 5,Smooth cigar,decent cigar and for the price it's a good cigar
Dominican Cream,4 out of 5,Flavorful,Decent everyday kick around
Dominican Cream,3 out of 5,A decent cigar for the price but I don't think I'll buy the again.,"A pretty decent cigar with a fairly smooth taste. A few burned unevenly but overall good construction. I think the ""Cream"" in the description is a little misleading - I wouldn't describe them as creamy."
Dominican Cream,4 out of 5,Smooth and mellow,Smooth and mellow
Dominican Cream,4 out of 5,dominican cream topedo,for the price it's a good backyard or golf course cigar
Dominican Cream,5 out of 5,Cream,Good smoke.
Dominican Cream,4 out of 5,pretty good el cheap-o,"for an inexpensive ""just gotta have one stickin' outa my face"" cigar these are actually pretty good !"
Dominican Cream,5 out of 5,Great every day work cigar. I,I enjoy the sweet taste you get at first light. Then a smooth smoke. Will order again
Dominican Cream,4 out of 5,Perfect work smoke,"This is my everyday ""go to"" cigar. It's better than most cigars 3X the price. Consistent burn, and I don't feel bad if I have to ditch it early."
Dominican Cream,4 out of 5,Dominican Cream,Decent inexpensive cigar....I will purchase again.
Dominican Cream,4 out of 5,Great anytime smoke that’s easy on the budget,Despite the occasional inconsistency in draw (perhaps one in 25 is too tightly packed) I find Dominican Creams to match or exceed many higher priced smokes
Dominican Cream,5 out of 5,Great Taste at a great pice.,"Great smoke for the price. I wasn't expecting much, but I am really surprised. I was looking for a nice everyday smoke and I found it."
Dominican Cream,2 out of 5,Creams,They do not burn even. Besides that they taste great.Cream
Dominican Cream,4 out of 5,A cut above everyday,A smooth easy draw that meets and beats the everyday smoke category. For the money you cannot go wrong. Smoking 2 - 3 cigars a day these have become a lager part of the rotation.
Dominican Cream,4 out of 5,domincan cream,"some times difficult to obtain a easy draw, but an enjoyable smoke. still not a victor Sinclair premerios"
Dominican Cream,4 out of 5,Nice surprise!,"I bought the Dominican Creams looking for an inexpensive, but decent everyday cigar to smoke on the tractor. I kinda expected a mildly bland smoke at this price point, but was honestly surprised by the amount of nice lightly sweet flavor packed into these sticks! They are not what I would call ""rich"", but they deliver good, satisfying flavor at a bargain price. Will buy again!"
Dominican Cream,5 out of 5,smooth good everyday cigar,smooth good everyday cigar
Dominican Cream,4 out of 5,Mild Smoke,Good everyday/other smoke for the price. I like that this cigar is on the mild side. L
Dominican Cream,4 out of 5,"Decent cigar, as an ordinary smoke","Not a bad cigar. Very smooth - ""creamy"" is not an understatement. Slight cedar/bread notes. Very light taste. Price makes it perfect for a quick smoke if you don't mind ""light"" taste. If your looking for mild, this is a good try. My first ""Cuban sandwich"" I think, but holds together well for cigar with some non-long fillers."
Dominican Cream,4 out of 5,A nice well rolled medium,A nice well rolled medium strength cigar.
Dominican Cream,4 out of 5,Good mellow smoke,Nice cigar for the price
Dominican Cream,4 out of 5,Tastee,One of the best smokes I have ever had.
Dominican Cream,3 out of 5,DECENT,a well made decent tasting cheap smoke
Dominican Cream,4 out of 5,new cigar,"great cigar for the$ , just don't let it go out relight not the same!"
Dominican Cream,5 out of 5,Best Smoke for the price. Good draw and taste.,Best smoke for the price. Good draw and taste. Go for it.
Dominican Cream,5 out of 5,Good cheap smoke,Put these in a sealed jar with some good bourbon. Tasty smoke for cheap price.
Dominican Cream,3 out of 5,Dominican cream,Not a bad cigar
Dominican Cream,4 out of 5,Pretty good cigar,"Pretty well balanced flavor, smooth and even burn all at a reasonable price."
Dominican Cream,4 out of 5,Good cigar for the price,Good cigar for the price
Dominican Cream,3 out of 5,Good everyday inexpensive smoke!,Good everyday inexpensive smoke!
Dominican Cream,5 out of 5,Good Cigar - Tops for Low Price!,"Good cigar, with mellow flavor. Great for the price!"
Dominican Cream,5 out of 5,Smooth smoke,Smooth smoke
Dominican Cream,5 out of 5,Smooth,Burns slow and even. Nice creamy taste
Dominican Cream,4 out of 5,Nice smoke,Nice smooth lower end mild smoke. Worth the money. Burns even. No bite.
Dominican Cream,3 out of 5,Ok smoke for the price!,Ok smoke for the price!
Don Carlos Edicion de Aniversario,5 out of 5,Ridiculously smooth.... great cigar,Ridiculously smooth.... great cigar
Don Carlos Edicion de Aniversario,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Don Carlos Edicion de Aniversario,5 out of 5,Boom!,Unreal how amazing it was! This is one you can smoke until there is nothing left.
Don Carlos Edicion de Aniversario,5 out of 5,The robusto,⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️🌟⭐️⭐️⭐️+
Don Carlos Edicion de Aniversario,5 out of 5,great cigar,great
Don Carlos Edicion de Aniversario,5 out of 5,Fuente is BEST!,"One of the best Cigars I have had, I love all the Fuente Cigars and will be purchasing more in the near future! Really looking to try the Angel Share next but will be buying more of all the Fuente Cigars including more Don Carlos Edicion de Aniversario Robusto's."
Don Carlos Edicion de Aniversario,5 out of 5,30th anniversary bliss,"This another fantastic offering by the Fuente Family, wonderful right the box and excellent after settling in my humidor for a few days. But, don't take my word get a couple and try for yourself hopefully they well be a few left by the time you realized what a hit you've just discovered. Well, good luck to ya, I already have mine, peace."
Don Carlos Edicion de Aniversario,5 out of 5,Great cigar! Keep them close.,"Consistent smooth smoke
Perfect draw.
Rests well.
Great flavor profile and consistent through."
Don Carlos Edicion de Aniversario,2 out of 5,Improperly aged?,"This cigar was a true let down, as I would have to describe it as stale due to improper storage. I hate to say this - as CI certainly knows what they are doing in the cigar market! It was a very unpleasant smoke, nothing like the wonders I read of in every single review, and this certainly isn't my first rodeo."
Don Diego,5 out of 5,My favorite cigar,My favorite cigar
Don Diego,5 out of 5,Good cigar for the price!,"Good cigar for the price! Mild, nice burn"
Don Diego,4 out of 5,Enjoyable mild smoke,Enjoyable mild smoke
Don Diego,3 out of 5,Good smoke would like to,Good smoke would like to have ordered the larger cigar.
Don Diego,4 out of 5,mild smoke,good cigar mild
Don Diego,5 out of 5,Smooth to the last inch,"""Mellow from start to finish with an even burn. Great for walking the dog on a nice summer day."""
Don Diego,5 out of 5,Super flavor and to my,Super flavor and to my liking-mild.
Don Diego,5 out of 5,An outstanding cigar at a,An outstanding cigar at a reasonable price for those who prefer a smooth mild cigar.
Don Diego,4 out of 5,Breakfast Smoke,"One of my longtime favorite cigars! Perfect for the golf course.
It is extremely well made, has consistent flavors throughout the smoke and hasn't disappointed in over 30 years"
Don Diego,5 out of 5,"Don Diego Lonsdale,",Excellent...Thank you
Don Diego,5 out of 5,Don Diego Corona Major Tubo,"Mild flavor, easy, consistent draw, lots of lush smoke. A calming pleasure."
Don Diego,5 out of 5,Best Mild Smoke,"I’ve been smoking these for years, previously as Playboy brand. Always a dependable and predictable flavor and quality"
Don Diego,5 out of 5,Don Diego Churchill,"My favorite cigar on the golf course. Smooth, burns well, and stays lit."
Don Diego,5 out of 5,Great smoke highly recommend,Great smoke highly recommend
Don Diego,1 out of 5,Don't Buy,"I received one of these in a promotional pack and it was great. I ordered a box and I have had 5 so far and all 5 are terrible, hard draw, bitter tasting...."
Don Diego,1 out of 5,DON't Buy,Harsh hard draw with bitter flavours
Don Diego,4 out of 5,Don Diego Babies,"I smoke Don Diego Lonsdale at home, but when out and about always have a couple babies that fit nicely in my shirt pocket. If weather humid or dry always burns well."
Don Diego,5 out of 5,quick delivery,Cigars arrived in a timely manner
Don Diego,4 out of 5,Don Diego Lonsdale,"Mild, good burn and great with morning coffee,"
Don Diego,5 out of 5,I can’t smoke nothing else,I can’t smoke nothing else don diago is the best
Don Diego,5 out of 5,Great mild cigar,"Well constructed, good burn, great taste."
Don Diego,5 out of 5,Don Diago Robusto,Great Cigar. Try IT
Don Diego,5 out of 5,Don Diego Lonsdale,"A great, mild cigar with an excellent room note."
Don Diego,5 out of 5,Smoke 'em if you got 'em!,"Don Diego Babies are mild and tasty. They are a perfect size for accompanying a glass of George Dickel #8 Tennessee whiskey. They are generally well made, although I did find a couple were loose and smoked poorly. Overall, I would recommend them for a quick mild smoke."
Don Diego,5 out of 5,Great Taste,Middle and smooth. A good long smoke
Don Diego,5 out of 5,Great little cigar,Used to order these alot till Obama raised the cigar tax..Guess I will order once in a while If I get extra overtime pay.
Don Diego,5 out of 5,"My Favorite, can go wrong.","My Favorite, can go wrong. ."
Don Diego,4 out of 5,very good and fresh,Cigars are always fresh nicely hand made and always enjoyable
Don Diego,4 out of 5,Laggy60,"Mild to medium smoke, well constructed with a even burn and nice white ash. Great cigar during and after a round of golf. Would recommend to friends."
Don Diego,5 out of 5,Don Diego Ciagrs,"Awesome cigar, will recommend Don Diego. Lots of smooth smoke mild to the taste. Nice.."
Don Diego,4 out of 5,Don Ds,Very good cigar for the price. Not a favorite and won't order again but OK for what I paid.
Don Diego,5 out of 5,The Don,Smooth mellow any time of the day type of fellow. Simply a mild and pleasant smoke.
Don Diego,5 out of 5,don diego babies,I was most pleased with not only the product but also with the speedy delivery.
Don Diego,5 out of 5,Very nice mild cigar,"Just got the shipment in today, bought a five pack to try out. For novice cigar smokers like myself who really cannot hang with the full bodied cigars and need an everyday mild smoke at a good price, these are for you. Just smoked my first one and was very pleased. The outer wrapper was a bit flaky but a few weeks in humidor will solve that. These will be a staple in my humidor from now on."
Don Diego,5 out of 5,DD Babies,"A great smoke , great blend . It is my old stand by daily stick. Love it"
Don Diego,5 out of 5,Delicious,"Smooth, Creamy, Delicious. One of my favorite cigars."
Don Diego,3 out of 5,Disappointed,I’ve been a long time smoker of the Don Diego Babies & was expecting the same medium color and flavor. Way too mold for me.
Don Diego,4 out of 5,Very Mild,This a very mild cigar. Almost to mild for my taste. It's good for the money. I'd still order again though.
Don Diego,2 out of 5,poorly constructed,"recent experience: uneven burn; plugs; unwrapping.
Used to be a decent small cigar, now it’s a crapshoot."
Don Diego,5 out of 5,Great cigar for the low,"Great cigar for the low price , loved it , would recommend it"
Don Diego,5 out of 5,Mild and Smooth,Mild and smooth. no after taste. good everyday cigar
Don Diego,1 out of 5,Harfie44,I was disappointed with the Don Diego Churchill cigars. Had a funny taste and hard to draw.
Don Felix,5 out of 5,Don Felix Toro,"Good mild smoke, problem is the shipping that CI uses. You'll wait a month before you get your order and they are dried out and stale."
Don Felix,5 out of 5,don felix toro,nice smoke
Don Felix,5 out of 5,Love it,Great Cigar Very happy amazing for the price
Don Felix,5 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth
Don Felix,5 out of 5,Good tasting cigars,Good tasting cigars
Don Felix,5 out of 5,Nice,Nice
Don Felix,3 out of 5,Ok smoke,Ok smoke.
Don Felix,4 out of 5,Good for the price,Good for the price
Don Felix,4 out of 5,Great Price - Good flavor,Shockingly good for a very inexpensive cigar! Nice mild to medium flavor. Could be a daily smoke!
Don Felix,3 out of 5,All were okay for the,All were okay for the price point
Don Felix,5 out of 5,very good,good
Don Felix,5 out of 5,Don Felix Toro,"Pleasant, mild smoke, very satisfying"
Don Felix,5 out of 5,Excellent Garage/Lawn Cigar,"They aren't billed as such but are right up my alley. Couldn't ask for a better Garage/Lawn cigar. I enjoy the quality, flavor, construction, and price."
Don Felix,5 out of 5,My Cigars,"I’ve enjoyed the Don Felix Toro ,they burn evenly and stay Smooth not harsh all the way to the end. Perfect way to end a round of golf."
Don Felix,4 out of 5,Excellent for the price,Excellent for the price
Don Felix,4 out of 5,Good Cigar,An OK smoke for the golf course or yard work. Would probably buy it again.
Don Felix,3 out of 5,Don Felix Toro,Definately not the best I had but it's smokeable. For the price I would rather try the ci knock offs.
Don Felix,4 out of 5,a good decent smoke,a good decent smoke
Don Felix,4 out of 5,Good cigar for the price,Good cigar for the price
Don Felix,5 out of 5,Most excellent,"There was a problem with my order, they called me immediately and gave me an upgrade. They are great."
Don Felix,4 out of 5,"For the price, can’t go wrong","For a very affordable stick, it’s an excellent smoke. Not top-shelf price, so don’t expect exceptional flavor. Easy-going, quick-burning, but all around pleasant. Definite earth notes, smooth finish. Good fishing stick."
Don Felix,4 out of 5,Harry,Good smoke mellow and burns evenly. Good buy.
Don Felix,4 out of 5,"Really nice, mellow smoke.","Really nice, mellow smoke. Good price and value. As good or better than similar type, higher priced cigars."
Don Felix,4 out of 5,good cigar,"good taste, burns well. some wrapper issues but nothing to bad."
Don Felix,4 out of 5,New flavors to savor.,Very smooth easy going cigar. On the end of each draw it taste chewy and sweet. Very different stick and great to relax with.
Don Felix,5 out of 5,Not great but they were,Not great but they were ok..Yes I would buy them again..
Don Felix,5 out of 5,Very good,"very smooth, nice burn, very enjoyable"
Don Felix,3 out of 5,Not bad for the price.,Not bad for the price. You get what you pay for.
Don Felix,3 out of 5,Don Felix Toro,Not a bad cigar for the price.
Don Felix,5 out of 5,Don Felix Toro,best light mild cigar I have had
Don Felix,4 out of 5,Good smoke equal to flor,Good smoke equal to flor de oliva
Don Felix,5 out of 5,Good smoke. Delivered faster than,Good smoke. Delivered faster than expected.
Don Felix,2 out of 5,Strong,Strong and not much flavor. I like a bold cigar with flavor. This one does not.
Don Felix,3 out of 5,Ok cigar,Well constructed but just left me wanting more. I had a feeling this cigar would be simply OK
Don Felix,4 out of 5,Smooth taste,So smooth tasting
Don Felix,5 out of 5,good Cigars at a great,good Cigars at a great price!
Don Felix,5 out of 5,Nice smoke for the price,I purchased these cigars to enjoy over the holidays. I'm glad I did. They are mild and burn is of nice quality. I enjoy them while kicked back relaxing with a bourbon and ginger ale. If you want a really good cigar that won't bust your budget this a good choice.
Don Felix,4 out of 5,Impressed,"Pleasantly surprised and impressed. For the price that was paid, I didn't expect much more that an ""everyday"", ""yard cigar""...what I got was much more!"
Don Felix,3 out of 5,The wrap is too fragile.,"The wrap is too fragile. The burn is inconsistent.
The flavor and aroma are good."
Don Felix,3 out of 5,Ok,It's a stick that like all others does improve with a few months at the proper humidity and temputure. This being a very basic plain flavor it turns into your everyday light wrapper cigar. It's main selling point to me is the price.
Don Felix,5 out of 5,DFC,"Very good draw, excellent flavor, a very good mild smoke overall."
Don Felix,5 out of 5,Great value and great taste,I’ve really enjoyed these Don Felix Toros - they have a great taste and easy draw. Very nice for a week day evening after work. And as usual quick and hassle free shipping. I appreciate the great price price for a nice size bundle.
Don Felix,4 out of 5,Not to bad,Were a little dry had to leave them in humidor for a week just to moisten them up but wasn't to bad
Don Felix,4 out of 5,Taste: Quite good. Burn: Fair.,Taste: Quite good. Burn: Fair. Overall value: Very good
Don Felix,4 out of 5,The cigars have a great,The cigars have a great full taste with a body that holds together for a while
Don Felix,5 out of 5,very good,very good
Don Felix,4 out of 5,GOOD,MILD
Don Felix,3 out of 5,Smokable,These are worth more than a buck apiece. Not a lot more but a smokable yard gar for the money.
Don Felix,5 out of 5,Smooth and good burn,Very smooth cigar with a good burn. Very enjoyable for sitting around and enjoying a cigar that tasted more expensive.
Don Felix,3 out of 5,Don Felix Toro,"Average smoke, after a few weeks in the humidor seemed to burn better."
Don Jesus,3 out of 5,Not bad,Not bad
Don Jesus,5 out of 5,Anytime cigar,"For the price ya can't pass on them,,,,, great service fast service"
Don Jesus,5 out of 5,Good cigars,Good cigars and fast delivery.
Don Jesus,4 out of 5,Good cigar!,For the price. Excellent cigar. Best bundle economy cigar I've found.
Don Jesus,5 out of 5,USEFULWHEN NEED IT,very good in deed
Don Jesus,4 out of 5,Pleasant taste.,Easy draw with a pleasant taste.
Don Jesus,4 out of 5,Pleasant taste.,Easy draw with a pleasant taste.
Don Jesus,5 out of 5,Teacher,"Nice cigar, easy smoke"
Don Jesus,5 out of 5,"Great for the price,good smoke","This is my 3rd purchase,soft yes,but a good smoke,i have found out if you leave them in the humidor for a couple of days and V cut them they turn out alot better. I will purchase again"
Don Jesus,5 out of 5,Smoke...good!,"Not bad. Can't beat the price, either."
Don Jesus,3 out of 5,cool,to soft but great cigar.
Don Jesus,4 out of 5,Great smoke for the the money,There not bad at all . Good for a quick smoke and at a great price. Second time buyer
Don Jesus,3 out of 5,Good cheap cigar,"End cap has much to be desired, learned new cut. Mild, good flavor. I will buy again."
Don Jesus,3 out of 5,Ugly to look at,Ugly as neck but not bad taste wise!! Very surprised
Don Jesus,4 out of 5,You get what you pay for,You get what you pay for. Not a complicated smoke but tolerable. Perfect for groups on deep sea fishing trips
Don Jesus,5 out of 5,Don Jesus?,I smoke Don Jesus. I guess they’re slim coronas. But I always enjoy them. They are just so rich. I enjoy economy cigars because there is no prevention there.
Don Jesus,5 out of 5,Great Garage smokes!!!,"I was really surprised, they are affordable,taste good, light up easy,burns even! I will buy 2 or 3 bundles next time, these are awesome for the garage or yard work, even the casino!"
Don Jesus,4 out of 5,OK for inexpensive cigar. Wish,OK for inexpensive cigar. Wish they'd go on sale and I'd buy again
Don Jesus,4 out of 5,Bang for your buck,These are good sticks but every once in awhile you get one that just unwraps and you can't smoke. But that's expected at the price you pay.
Don Jesus,3 out of 5,ok,ok
Don Jesus,5 out of 5,Don Jesus,Basic Cheap o Cigar-However has a good taste and aroma for the price this is the perfect yardwork cigar.
Don Jesus,4 out of 5,good stick at a incredible,"good stick at a incredible low price, will buy again"
Don Jesus,5 out of 5,"I was impressed, a nice mild smoke...","This is a good smoke for the price. Burns even and has a nice mild taste. I like these for working around the yard and cutting the lawn. They almost taste as good as a Ghurka Warpig but, the Warpig stays solid wright down to the Dog End."
Don Jesus,1 out of 5,About half way thru the,About half way thru the bundle and so far every one has had the wrapper come loose and it goes downhill from there!
Don Jesus,5 out of 5,A Great Cigar!,This is probably my fourth bundle. Don Jesus are very inexpensive but they are a great cigar for the price. If you’ve been on the fence about these cigars give’em a try you’ll enjoy them!
Don Jesus,5 out of 5,"Good taste, good draw, for the price a good buy","The cigars are inexpensive, but the taste and draw are good. They seem to be fresh and moist."
Don Jesus,3 out of 5,Not bad for the price,Not bad for the price
Don Jesus,5 out of 5,This Cigar tastes and burns as good as Bahia Blu sampler I got!!,"Just rec'd these cigars today. I had to cook one up because being from Simsbury,CT (Tobacco Valley) and working one summer threading Connecticut wrapper leaves. Tobacco fields and sheds are all vacant now but, What A Great Tasting Cigar!!! Don't knock these cigars! The wrapper was tight and this cigar burned evenly, a nice mild smoke no harsh bitterness right down to the dog-end!. ..."
Don Jesus,3 out of 5,Worth the price. Ok smoke,"Purchased these for those late nights when having a couple of drinks. Decent smoke, a little bit sweet and absolutely cant beat the price."
Don Jesus,5 out of 5,Cheep but not bad,I’m not a cigar expert in fact Just your average Joe for the money you can’t beat these even better when you get free shipping nothing fancy nothing pretty but a good cheap smoke
Don Jesus,4 out of 5,Review,Big bang for the everyday cigar
Don Jesus,4 out of 5,Pretty good cigar,"I got a pack of these and they weren't bad
Give them a shot"
Don Jesus,4 out of 5,Don Jesus’s maduro,Great cigar I bought this to try and was surprised by the freshness and flavor.
Don Jesus,4 out of 5,Likeable smoke,This is a nice everyday mild cigar. Had no problems with the burn and the flavor is consistent.
Don Jesus,2 out of 5,Very loose. Tobacco comes out,Very loose. Tobacco comes out of cigar into mouth. Taste ok
Don Jesus,4 out of 5,"Inexpensive, not cheap.","A surprise. Inexpensive cigars with a great taste. They burn well, are rolled well, and the consistency is great."
Don Jesus,4 out of 5,Nice cigar for the shop,Nice cigar for the shop
Don Jesus,1 out of 5,cheap,"wrapped to loose, burns to quickly"
Don Jesus,5 out of 5,great value,This purchase was a great value. not a 90+ rated cigar but very nice and easy to smoke
Don Jesus,3 out of 5,good for price,good for price
Don Jesus,4 out of 5,Don Jesus good for the price,"Nice, mellow easy to smoke :)"
Don Jesus,1 out of 5,Don Jesus,Very poor quality of tobacco used. Loosely wrapped and a very bad burner. The taste was very harsh
Don Jesus,5 out of 5,"Smooth smoke, great value!","These were offered as a special promotion. I took a chance based on the reviews of others. They arrived in 3 days - so I fired one up! Fresh, smooth taste, easy burn, great value. I prefer a larger cigar so the size is a bit small - but perfect for a quick smoke!"
Don Jesus,3 out of 5,Don Jesus,The taste is fine. The problem I had was they were very loosely packed.
Don Jesus,5 out of 5,decent smoke,not pricey good for a quick smoke fairly mild good burner
Don Jesus,5 out of 5,Don Jesus Coronas,"Very mild, my husband said. He likes them a lot."
Don Jesus,4 out of 5,Don Jesus Corona,Good for the price!
Don Jesus,5 out of 5,Cigars,My husband really likes them
Don Jesus,5 out of 5,Cigar review,Nice cigar pleasant flavor and a very good draw!
Don Jesus,4 out of 5,Bargain cigar,Golf course or yard work cigar. Keep in bag for borrowers. A hand roll tat costs less than machine is always a bargain.
Don Lino Africa,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar. Great combination.,"The Cameroon binder paired with the Caribbean tobacco, always a win for me."
Don Lino Africa,5 out of 5,Deja vu,"Very close to the original Pepin made Don Lino Africa. I'm very happy A.J. decided to remake this blend. It doesn't taste like anything else out there IMO. Medium bodied, full flavored. An excellent cigar."
Don Lino Africa,5 out of 5,Spectacular cigar!!,"Wonderfuk cigar. Rich, full, yet smooth taste. Got this in a Staff Sampler at the Hamburg, PA retail store. This is my favorite of the 13 cigar sampler so far. In fact, upon consideration, it has leapt into my top 10 favorite cigars. You truly deserve to at least try a 5 pack if not a box. Another AJ masterpiece."
Don Lino Habanitos,5 out of 5,.,My husband loves these little cigars
Don Lino Habanitos,4 out of 5,not bad for a quick cheap smoke,"great quick smoke, a little dry but would purchase again... the box looks nothing like the picture."
Don Lino Habanitos,5 out of 5,Great teast for short smoke,Great teast for short smoke
Don Lino Habanitos,5 out of 5,Great quick smoke,Purchased this cigar for years. A great cigar for a quick smoke.
Don Lino Habanitos,5 out of 5,Quick smoke,I’ve loved them from the first day I tried them
Don Lino Habanitos,5 out of 5,Very nice,Very good
Don Lino Habanitos,5 out of 5,Good little smoke,Great for a quick little smoke. Great flavor
Don Lino Habanitos,5 out of 5,Mini cigars,I love these cigars. They have a smooth taste and the price is great!
Don Lino Habanitos,5 out of 5,elcellent value,elcellent value
Don Lino Habanitos,5 out of 5,Nice Break,Perfect For a Short Smoke Great Price And Individually Wrapped
Don Lino Habanitos,5 out of 5,Awesome little cigar,Good for a quick smoke.They are smooth and I like the flavor . I will buy them again
Don Lino Habanitos,5 out of 5,Great smile,I really enjoy these for a quick smoke. Even with coffee
Don Lino Habanitos,3 out of 5,so-so,not good not bad so-so
Don Lino Habanitos,4 out of 5,Decent quick smoke,"I buy these because they fit perfectly in my S.T, Dupont cigarillo case, which I leave in my car for a quick smoke. Nice medium body. Not boring and not overly peppery. Better than most small smokes I’ve tried."
Don Lino Habanitos,5 out of 5,small smokes,"great smokes,taste great , smoke'm all the time."
Don Lino Habanitos,5 out of 5,Nice and Smooth,"Good burn, good taste & very smooth, 1 tgibg I wish is that they would make these in like a 30 gauge and this would be really a score."
Don Lino Habanitos,5 out of 5,Great short smokes,if you're looking for a short smoke these are the ones you want. Very mellow and individually rapped also. Have been smoking them for years.
Don Lino Habanitos,3 out of 5,Habanitos mini,"Good to start but, about half way starts to taste bad and harsh"
Don Lino Habanitos,4 out of 5,Nice Choice For A Short Smoke,Great taste for a very small cigar. Great for when you want a smoke but don't have time for a larger cigar.
Don Lino Habanitos,5 out of 5,great,enjoyed them thoroughly. hard to keep my co-workers out of them.
Don Lino Habanitos,4 out of 5,Nicotine Backlog,"For sone reason, either my fault or not, some of the cigarillos leek nicotine onto lips, tissues, etc. while others smoke very nice."
Don Lino Habanitos,5 out of 5,They are a great value.,They are a great value. I'll buy more
Don Lino Habanitos,5 out of 5,Quickie,Great little smoke to calm the nerves. Perfect for when you don't want a full smoke but you want a smoke. I smoke mine while I drive to the store or on short errands. My doesn't want me to smoke large cigars all the time so this is a compromise.
Don Lino Habanitos,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Great for a quick smoke. Good for drive to and from work
Don Lino Habanitos,5 out of 5,"Great smoke in every way,have","Great smoke in every way,have to reorder more!"
Don Lino Habanitos,5 out of 5,Don Lino Habanitos Minis,Enjoyable five minutes.
Don Lino Habanitos,5 out of 5,"My ""go to"" little guy","Most little cigars, even ones that purport to be full bodied don't actually deliver. Not these. When I don't have time for a regular, leisurely smoke, Habanitos fit the bill."
Don Lino Habanitos,4 out of 5,Dave,Purchased my second tin of these little guys. The flavor is great and they are perfect for going between fishing spots. I don't have to deal with the big stogie rolling around in the boat.
Don Lino Habanitos,5 out of 5,Mini Cigarillo,Very good taste and mild!
Don Lino Habanitos,5 out of 5,Bold quick smoke,Great smoke if time is limited and you just got to have that smoke
Don Lino Habanitos,5 out of 5,Great smoke,I love this little cigar. Smokes good to and from work
Don Lino Habanitos,4 out of 5,Great little smoke,Great in between or short break smoke.
Don Lino Habanitos,5 out of 5,I like,What's not to like about these little cigars
Don Lino Habanitos,5 out of 5,Great!!,Best prices around!!
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,5 out of 5,The Don in Don Pepin,"Another winner by the master himself, always satisfying with rich aromas"
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,3 out of 5,This cigar is above average,"This cigar is above average with a pleasant taste and burn , I have smoked two in a evening and it was a nice by the pool type smoke - just enough."
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,5 out of 5,A Work of Art in Every Stick.,"Absolutely love it. Ordered a triple 5-pack sampler of Jose Pepin's line. To be fair, I am slightly biased on his brand. Bold and oily, this stick resonates with art. The wrapper is slick and tasty. The binder and fillers are strong in pepper, coffee, and has a wonderful chewiness to it. Fantastic draw of voluminous smoke. If you're like me and read the reviews before you buy: don't be on-the-fence with this one. Go for it. You'll want to add a few of these babies to your collection and share at social gatherings. From the foot to the stub, you'll never get tired of the plethora of compounding flavors that you'll find all the way to the end."
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,5 out of 5,Don Pepin Garcia Blue Generosos,"I've had these before. They are one of my all time favorites! I smoke just one cigar a week so it has to be good and these, as well as the various ""Mr Fathers"" brand, always offers a tremendous full flavor smoke."
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,5 out of 5,Built to Last,"I occasionally put a few sticks away for extensive additional aging just to see how they will fare. Today I fired up a DPG Blue I have been holding since 2011. The smoke was magnificent. All of the strength and spice were still there, but with a balance and smoothness that only time can produce. I usually don't have that much patience, but in this case it really paid off."
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,5 out of 5,Don Pepin Blue,One of my favorites
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,5 out of 5,good for the price,great cigar. the price made it a no brainer. i should have bought more.
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,5 out of 5,Excellent daily smoke!,"Not too strong, not too week,
just right! An Excellent daily smoke!"
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,4 out of 5,Good for the price,Cigar Joe deal.
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,Excellent cigar
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,4 out of 5,Don Pepin Blue,These were ok but not as good as I expected. Not for me at least.
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,4 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,5 out of 5,I love them absolutely marvelous!,I love them absolutely marvelous!
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,3 out of 5,Cigar,A little too full body for my taste but a well made cigar
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,5 out of 5,Don Pepin Garcia Blue,"Has been one of my favorites for many years. Well made, good flavor and an easy draw."
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,5 out of 5,A classic Nicaraguan cigar at a great price.,Deals abound on this cigar if you’re patient. It leaves nothing to be desired if you’re looking for a solidly full cigar.
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,4 out of 5,Will buy again,"Tasty smoke. Lights easy, burns even, good flavor"
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,5 out of 5,Cigar,Very good
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,5 out of 5,Great cigar,This cigar is a great smoke
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,4 out of 5,Enjoyable,Not my favorite but a nice fuller flavored cigar.
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,5 out of 5,A wonderful smoke from a,A wonderful smoke from a great company distributed by my favorite online store. A perfect combo
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,3 out of 5,Good smoke,Very enjoyable with any cocktail.
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,5 out of 5,Pepin García Figars,Exelent
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,4 out of 5,Don Pepin Blue Generosa,"This was a really nice surprise. I love My Father cigars, and didn't realize that this particular cigar was in my sampler pack. It is smooth but hearty, with lots of spicy flavors! The draw on these was a bit tight, though, which is my only criticism. Other than that, this is a wonderful cigar."
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,4 out of 5,Everyday,Great everyday smoke nice even burn good flavor and just enough kick
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,4 out of 5,Don Pepin Garcia,Very fine cigar. Smooth draw. Great taste.
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,5 out of 5,Don Pepin's,My husband loved those cigars
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,4 out of 5,Smooth very good flavor,Smooth very good flavor
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,4 out of 5,Good quality at a good,Good quality at a good price
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,4 out of 5,Tasty to the end!,"As advertised , Don Pepin makes a fine cigar here. Maybe not in it's sister "" My Father''class but still a good smoke."
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,5 out of 5,7 stars!!!,7 stars!!!
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,4 out of 5,My first time trying these.,My first time trying these. They were a good smoke.
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,5 out of 5,Excellent,Love these cigars. . Little pricey but delicious
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,4 out of 5,Great,Great
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,5 out of 5,Poor service,Always out of stock on what I want found a new supplier
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,5 out of 5,Good stick,Good stick
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,5 out of 5,Good cigar,How ever some are a little old and dryer out
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,4 out of 5,One of Torano’s Treasures,A medium to full body cigar. Enjoyable consistent flavor from start to finish.The cigar has a good smoke time length. Well worth purchasing. One of my go to favorites right now
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,5 out of 5,Gaz,"Great cigars, fast delivery"
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,5 out of 5,Don Pepin Blue,"Beautiful dark Corojo wrapper;perfect construction. All the hallmarks of Don Pepin. Full bodied,with spice leather and earth,it’s one of his best. I’ll buy whenever I can afford them. Great cigar."
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,2 out of 5,Don Pepin Garcia Blue Generosos (toro),"Smoked these for years - since they first came out. Doesn't taste anything like I remember them - has a harsh, unrefined bundle cigar quality to it. Disappointed. Explains the deal I got."
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,5 out of 5,excellent stick,great cigar for the price and someone fairly new (2-3 years) to smoking
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,5 out of 5,Don Pepin Blue,Great cigar it is long lasting and great taste one of my favorites!
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,5 out of 5,One of Don Pepin’s finest!,"These are one of my favorites! And to get them at such a discount, you can’t beat them! No disappointment here."
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,5 out of 5,Don Pepin blue,Very good cigar never have been let down on any Don Pepin cigars they make them very good
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,4 out of 5,Pepin Garcia sticks never disappoint.,Pepin Garcia sticks never disappoint.
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,5 out of 5,My go to stick!,"I have been a fan a Don Pepin Garcia for many years. This is one of the cigars I continue to revisit year after year. A very solid cigar, blended nicely. Always delivers."
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,5 out of 5,Great Cigar!!,"This never disappoints. Always a solid stick, burns well & all around great Cigar. Don Pepin is a master!"
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,4 out of 5,solid but not top-tier,solid but not top-tier
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,3 out of 5,Not what I as hoping it to be.,"Decent medium to full smoke. Not as complex as I was hoping for.
The 2nd one I tried to smoke was completely plugged. I understand that happens on occasion, but it’s generally more rare at this price point"
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,5 STAR STICK IMHO,"This was one of the first cigars I purchased from CI being totally ignorant and just experimenting. Pulled one out of my humidor last night & WOW!!!! Perfect draw, delicious rich taste & good down to the nub. This is going to be my go to every day cigar. Couldn't recommend more."
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,4 out of 5,Don Pepin Cuban Classic,Nice smoke.
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,Don pepin garcia,Great daily smoke!
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,Good stuff,They are just great
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,4 out of 5,I wish I could afford this cigar more often,"Great medium to full flavor. I would buy more of these, but my budget will only allow for a five pack once in a while."
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,Don Pepin Cuban Classic,Wow what can I say these are very tasty sticks
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,Great cigars,Great cigars
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,Very good cigar.. nice roll...excellent,Very good cigar.. nice roll...excellent packaging and great taste....
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,4 out of 5,Enjoyed the robust flavor and,Enjoyed the robust flavor and would buy again
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,Powerhouse,"Wow, these things are like M-80 firecrackers. If you like full flavored, full bodied smokes, then please take my advice and try these. Beautifully constructed, the draw is perfect. A must have for me."
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,Great flavor and very smooth,Great flavor and very smooth
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,Very nice,Very enjoyable smoke. Would definitely order them again
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,Don Pepin Garcia Blue,Loved it. One of my favorite choices.
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,4 out of 5,Cuban Classic Don Pepin,"A fine cigar, however not up to the standards of other Pepins. Not as flavorful, but the quality is very good."
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,Consistency,Another delicious Don Pepin gem!!
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,FULL FLAVOR BUT NOT HARSH,"This cigar is a regular in my humidor, if you like a full body smoke that doesn't overpower your taste buds this is the smoke."
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,Beautiful,Beautiful
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,Beautiful smoke,Well done. Lots of depth for a robust. Recommend
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,Always a consistant go to smoke!,These little gems are perfect when you have only 30-45 minutes for a great cigar! You can't go wrong with this classic!
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,4 out of 5,Pepin,Great blend. Good burn. Hint of good spice.
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,It's a Pepin,It's a Pepin
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,Tasty,Very smooth with a nice even burn
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,Super Cigar,Very Rich And strong the ultimate full body City
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,Cuban Classic by Pepin Garcia,One of my all time personal favorites. Everything is excellent from construction to taste. Just excellent!
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,A literal bomb of taste every time I light one!!!
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,Sold performer,"Full, rich flavor, burns evenly, consistent."
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,BIG T FROM HTOWN,"Love this cigar! Great burn all the way through. A strong cigar, with a mild taste. And its goes great with my shine."
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,4 out of 5,Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic 1950 (toro),"The cigar itself was great…. Most burned even, with a delightfully smooth flavor. The first smoke out of the box started to unravel due to dryness, but so far the rest have been fine."
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,3 out of 5,Not bad,Not a good as expected
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,One of my favorites!!
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,Service was fast and product,Service was fast and product was good.
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,dynamite,"My staple, always have these in my humidor, I can never think of a time that this is not the cigar I would reach for, just good all around smoke."
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Excellent!!!
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,Wow! What a pleasant surprise,"I've enjoyed a couple of My Father varieties and figured based on that I might enjoy other Don Pepin products. Through past experiences with other manufacturers though, I'd learned that's not always true. Anyway, with this one I'm glad I pulled the trigger. Very pleasant smoke that instantly reminded me of the Arturo Fuente Hemmingway line. Not over-powering, not too mild. It just struck me as perfect. Construction was flawless, burnt great, and based on the 10-pack I have enjoyed, I'm sure a box will be living in my wineador soon!"
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,These are the cigars you have been looking for.,"I ordered a 5-pack, smoked 2, and knew I needed a box. If you like corojo wrappers and rich flavor without being overwhelmed, this is your perfect match."
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,4 out of 5,Awesome,Awesome
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,Very enjoyable,Very enjoyable
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,Some of the best that,Some of the best that we've had.
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,3 out of 5,Not great,Very ho hum cigar
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,Great sticks,Bought these before and they were fantastic. When another deal came over the wire I didn't hesitate. Really great smoke. Buy them.
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,Jose Garcia truly a Don,Amazing consistency year in and year out.
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic 1979 Robusto,This is by far my favorite cigar of all the different ones I may smoke there is no better satisfaction.
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,excelante,"great build quality, silky-smooth smoke and leaving you desiring another and another and another....."
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Enjoying this little stick at the moment. Great from start to finish.
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,4 out of 5,solid cigar.,Strong but not overbearing. Well balanced. Well made. Would have preferred a Churchill for this blend and a touch easier draw but minor points.
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,Don Pepin Garcia,"Whatever Don Pepin seems to touch is worth smokin. Great taste, burn, smoke, everything. This was a nice deal."
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,Excellent Smoke,"I have yet to taste a Pepin Garcia cigar that I did not like. The flavor, construction and draw is so top notch. Even better than some Cubans that I tried."
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,Jay,Great!!!!
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,Outstanding,"This is a tasty gem, ful of rich flavor and satisfying."
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,5 out of 5,JJ,Very nice smoke....one of my top 5
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,5 out of 5,JJ,"One of my favorites, very smooth, good to the end"
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,5 out of 5,Happy,Happy
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,5 out of 5,"Excellent cigar smooth , flavorful","Excellent cigar smooth , flavorful to the end"
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,4 out of 5,Good not great,"The first time I smoked the Serie JJ it was excellent. This batch may need more humidor time. However the further down I smoked it the better and richer the flavors. I'll buy it again but not at list price !"""
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,5 out of 5,Old Reliable,This one is smooth and with a little peppery kick. It never disappoints.
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,3 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,5 out of 5,Jay,Really nice
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,5 out of 5,"cool , long smoke","cool , long smoke"
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,3 out of 5,Ok nothing special,"Burn was uneven and first one smoked had filler/binder issues near mouth of cigar where it protruded into the wrapper. Taste was actually good, just hate the constant relighting issues"
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,5 out of 5,excellent cigar,great deal. great cigar
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,5 out of 5,One of the best,One of my go to's. Can't beat it. Pepin is the man.
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,5 out of 5,Enjoy this one,Never had these before but wanted to get some cigars I never had before to take on vacation with me. This was an excellent smoke from every aspect from construction to taste. A bit strong which I like. This is definitely going to be in my rotation from now on.
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,4 out of 5,Just what you would expect.,Just what you would expect. Peppery goodness
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,4 out of 5,Good but not strong enough,I like the creamy flavor and the burn but wish that the blend will have more complexity. Still a great cigar
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,5 out of 5,Great Stick!,"I'd tried the Serie JJ a while ago at my local cigar shop. I enjoyed it so much that I had to get more, and this pack fit the bill. It starts off with some spice and pepper, but mellows out to leather, earth, and just a hint of chocolate. You won't be sorry you picked these up!"
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,5 out of 5,Smoothest Draw ever,This Cigar is the highest quality. The smoothest draw ever. The first third starts off kinda plain(for a Pepin) then the flavor kicks in all the way to the end. Fantastic Cigar
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,4 out of 5,Good smoke with a slow,Good smoke with a slow burn and great draw. Flavor hits with a lot of spice. Would recommend for more full bodied cigar smokers
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,3 out of 5,Don Pepin Garcia,Have only smoked one so far. Easy draw. Little hot.
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,5 out of 5,Yup!!,Simply put....as advertised. #JJ 😎
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,4 out of 5,Classic!,DPG is da man! His blends are off the chart and this one is no different. A true classic!
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,5 out of 5,Bob,Very good consistent flavor throughout slowly enjoyed smoke. Nice burn made for a very relaxing easy draw with full bodied flavor.
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"Very impressive smooth smoke plenty of flavor. Hard to beat, especially for the price."
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,4 out of 5,Quality smoke,"Only gave 4star because flavor is not what I expected from pepin. Well constructed, good burn, good draw, lacks flavor! The Blacks and Blues are much better. Overall though good smoke!"
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,4 out of 5,Another solid Pepin showing,"The Serie JJ is a bit different from the other Pepin sticks. It has some of the classic attributes - the great construction, copious amounts of smoke, but where it differentiates itself is in the flavor. This tastes a bit different than the other DPG's, and it does so in a really great way. I loved the flavor and the spicy taste left me licking my lips for more. An easy 45-60 minute smoke that won't disappoint. I'd buy it again and happily hand them out to full powered cigar smokers anytime."
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,5 out of 5,They are as stunning as May West wit!,"I enjoyed the light and it is a smooth draw, with light tease of flavor that just dances upon your tongue!"
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,4 out of 5,One of the best!,Serie JJ Belicoso has been one of the best and most consistent cigars for years. Tops my list of Don Pepin favorites.
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,5 out of 5,Great blend of flavor,"This stick never fails to produce an interesting array of flavors--mellow tobacco, caramel, bread and then punctuated with spice, baking spices and then mellowing back to caramel and chocolate. A real treat!"
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,5 out of 5,Great blend,"Beautiful craftsmanship, with a smooth and flawless corojo wrapper. Starts off with a blast of pepper, but settles down nicely to a flavorful smoke with an even burn. Moderate complexity and a medium-full strength stick. Very well crafted Nicaraugan puro from Don Pepin Garcia."
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,5 out of 5,Puffin Pepin,Slightly strong until you get used to it. Kinda like sippin' whiskey. I would like to order more but it's Christmas.
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,5 out of 5,Fantastic!,"I had never had the pleasure of the Serie JJ... what a fantastic smoke.
I think I'll go have one right now, in fact!"
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,4 out of 5,"Great flavor, good stick!","Peppery flavor at the beginning, nice even burn, enjoyable to the end."
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,3 out of 5,"They weren't bad, a little","They weren't bad, a little stronger/harsher than I like."
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,4 out of 5,Awesome Smoke,A great cigar. I have no idea about any more recent 'releases' but I've had these in Humidor for many years.
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,5 out of 5,Excellent as usual!,Excellent as usual!
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,5 out of 5,A great cigar,One of the best cigars on the planet. Nutty caramel and great aroma.
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,5 out of 5,Good cigar,"Good flavor, not too strong"
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,5 out of 5,Excellent stogie,"This cigar is the one of my personal favorites. Perfect construction, excellent complexity. One of my favorites in the DPG line. Highly recommend this cigar to any Don pepin fan."
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,5 out of 5,Esquisite cigar,This cigar has the wow factor!... It has a wonderful blend of flavors. Don Pepin does it again. Excellent cigar to keep in the humidor.
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,5 out of 5,"Mmm, good!","This cigar is so good that you want to eat it!....Hints of caramel and coffee, with a delicious finish on the palate. These are a must for my humidor. A great cigar indeed. It will make you go past the nub. I couldn't put it down. Very tasty. I hurried to order more."
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,5 out of 5,"Great cigar, one of the best.","Absolutely great taste with a sweet tobacco finish. It is delicious! This cigar is one of the best in the DPG lineup. Good throughout. I must get a box of these goodies. Very enjoyable, indeed."
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,5 out of 5,A great cigar,This is one of my favorite cigars. A hint of sweetness and all the right balance in flavor. DPG never disappoints me. I love the whole line. This excellent cigar is great tasting and it has a great presentation. I have to get a box of these babies.
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,5 out of 5,Don Pepin series J,"My Favorite cigar, especially at this price. Beats the more expensive competition hands down."
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,5 out of 5,Don Pepin Garcia rocks,"Serie JJ Sublime Belicoso is an all time favorite that is sure to please. Quality construction - consistent burn and a satisfying flavor is assured. From the first light to the last inch, I savor every puff. Very deserving of the 90+ ratings and it remains a favorite even when stacked up against the Padron Anniversary, Tatuaje Miami, and the the many varieties of the high end My Father cigars."
Don Rafael Brasil #57 Robusto,5 out of 5,Good cigar slow burn great,Good cigar slow burn great price.
Don Rafael Brasil #57 Robusto,4 out of 5,Not bad,Not a bad little smoke the aroma of the stick its self smells like hay takes about 1 hour to smoke nice mild flavors not to harsh. Good little stick for the price
Don Rafael Brasil #57 Robusto,4 out of 5,"Good, but not great..","Nice little cigar, nice aroma and flavor, but burn way too fast. Wish these come in a larger ring size and length. A Gordo size (6X60) would be a perfect size for these."
Don Rafael Connecticut,4 out of 5,Great while Golfing,"Very smooth, easy smoke!"
Don Rafael Connecticut,5 out of 5,Worth it,"Great every day cigar. Smooth, well made, great with a coffee."
Don Rafael Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good cigar for any time.,Good cigar for any time.
Don Rafael Connecticut,5 out of 5,EXCELLENT CIGAR,EXCELLENT CIGAR
Don Rafael Connecticut,5 out of 5,Best for the price.,Worth every penny. Hands down the best cigar for the price.
Don Rafael Connecticut,4 out of 5,Don Rafael Connecticut Toros,A very pleasant and affordable mild cigar. I enjoy evey one.
Don Rafael Connecticut,5 out of 5,Don Rafael CT goodness,This is my favorite all-around cigar. They are Perfect out of the box and they keep for a long time with a humidor. Light smooth good taste.
Don Rafael Connecticut,5 out of 5,Awesome Deal,"Ever since I first ordered these cigars which is close to 20 years now, I can honestly say that each smoke was a great smoke. Good consistent burn with hardly any re-lights, always a long solid ash and easy on the wallet. I highly recommend."
Don Rafael Connecticut,4 out of 5,Nice cigar for the,Nice cigar for the
Don Rafael Connecticut,5 out of 5,Excellent inexpensive cigar.,Excellent inexpensive cigar.
Don Rafael Connecticut,4 out of 5,One of the best values,One of the best values around
Don Rafael Connecticut,4 out of 5,average,average
Don Rafael Connecticut,4 out of 5,Don Rafael,Churchill's burn nicely. Good value for an everyday cigar.
Don Rafael Connecticut,5 out of 5,Good,"I enjoyed them very much.
For the price cant beat it"
Don Rafael Connecticut,4 out of 5,Not perfect but pretty darn good.,I liked the way they smoked. Good on taste and finish with a mild to medium body. The price was right and CI's delivery has picked back up since the shutdown. I'll order them again.
Don Rafael Connecticut,5 out of 5,awsome,awsome
Don Rafael Connecticut,4 out of 5,👍,👍
Don Rafael Connecticut,4 out of 5,Don Rafael Connecticut,Good cigar for those who favor Connecticuts. Gets you through when you want a change of pace from Maduros and you're just barbequeing or mowing the lawn.
Don Rafael Connecticut,5 out of 5,Best cigar for the money,Best cigar for the money
Don Rafael Connecticut,5 out of 5,Smooth smoke,Great smoke for the price. Even burn. Mild with a good smooth finish.
Don Rafael Connecticut,4 out of 5,Please take Price Point,"I really enjoyed the cigar. Everyone of them smoked really well with little effort to get a good pull. They also burn evenly. Smooth and mild, very pleasant aftertaste. I did not detect any bitterness when the cigar was burned down to 2”. Yes I would buy them again"
Don Rafael Connecticut,4 out of 5,Almost all are what you,"Almost all are what you would expect, a few don't burn well."
Don Rafael Connecticut,3 out of 5,Decent cigar for the money,Decent cigar for the money
Don Rafael Connecticut,5 out of 5,The Don,Excellent cigar. Usually it's my preferred smoke when I'm out golfing.
Don Rafael Connecticut,5 out of 5,Chris hunger,Chris hunger
Don Rafael Connecticut,5 out of 5,Smooth,nice smoke
Don Rafael Connecticut,5 out of 5,Good everyday smoke.,Good everyday smoke.
Don Rafael Connecticut,5 out of 5,Very good for the price,"Very good for the price , i would buy them again"
Don Rafael Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great value for daily smoke,Great value for daily smoke
Don Rafael Connecticut,3 out of 5,Nice wrap. I fill the,Nice wrap. I fill the tobacco could be a little tighter. Hard to get a nice draw regardless of cut
Don Rafael Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great Everyday Cigar,"My every day cigar. Nice burn, good draw, consistent. Smoked 'em for many years. Great value."
Don Rafael Connecticut,4 out of 5,No pretenses,"Solid everyday smoke. In my regular rotation. Good burn, decent price."
Don Rafael Connecticut,5 out of 5,Good Cigar,"t
The Cigar burned evenly until the end. It was the first time I smoked these cigars."
Don Rafael Connecticut,4 out of 5,#97 Gordo,"Lesser quality than anticipated. Tightly, but poorly, packed. Burned very unevenly, even though evenly lit. Not sure i would purchase again."
Don Rafael Connecticut,5 out of 5,Scotch or Champagne its a PERFECT smoke!,Fantastic cigar for the afternoon glass of Moet. Pairs really well with the Glenlivet 14 as well. Only smoked two of them but ordered another box just in case!
Don Rafael Connecticut,4 out of 5,Don Rafael's a good choice,This cigar is mild with a good taste and smell. Lasts long and is not heavy to take in.
Don Rafael Connecticut,4 out of 5,Terrific Mild Cigar,"The Connecticut #57 Robusto has been my preferred casual daily smoke for more than 10 years - mild, easy draw, affordable and enjoyed by friends."
Don Rafael Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great cigar,The right price and delivered quickly.
Don Rafael Connecticut,4 out of 5,A fine cigar,A fine cigar
Don Rafael Connecticut,5 out of 5,Rating,Easy to work with
Don Rafael Connecticut,5 out of 5,Affordable cigar,Affordable cigar
Don Rafael Connecticut,5 out of 5,Smoking good deal!!,I enjoy a long lasting cigar on the golf course. This is a great one for the price !!
Don Rafael Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good affordable cigar,Good affordable cigar
Don Rafael Connecticut,4 out of 5,Enjoyable - Inexpensive,This is a good smoke that does not require a second mortgage.
Don Rafael Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great value,"The #87 Don Rafael is a good, even smoke"
Don Rafael Connecticut,4 out of 5,They are ok but not,They are ok but not worth the money
Don Rafael Connecticut,5 out of 5,5 star,5 star
Don Rafael Connecticut,4 out of 5,Quite Good,Quite good.
Don Rafael Connecticut,5 out of 5,Everyday Smoke,Fantastic everyday smoke. Sometimes the roll is a little too tight; but this is very easy to fix by poking a paperclip down the center to loosen it up.
Don Rafael Connecticut,5 out of 5,Excellent Light Cigar,Great smoke with smooth cream flavor
Don Rafael Ecuador,5 out of 5,Agood smoke for the money,Agood smoke for the money
Don Rafael Ecuador,5 out of 5,DR- Ecuador,These sticks are exceptional for the amount you pay for them. At times a little more spice/pepper comes thru but over all they are perfect for great conversation and killing some time on the front porch!
Don Rafael Ecuador,5 out of 5,"Don Rafael, a Great daily smoker!!","Great value, burns even, mild flavor. Lots of smoke. An every day cigar!!"
Don Rafael Ecuador,3 out of 5,I DIDN'T ENJOY IT AS,I DIDN'T ENJOY IT AS OTHER CIGARS TO MILD
Don Rafael Ecuador,5 out of 5,Don Rafael Ecuador,"Just took another stick from my humidor, it´s even better now!"
Don Rafael Ecuador,5 out of 5,Candy,I will definitely buy these bad boys again!
Don Rafael Gold,5 out of 5,Nice!,great shorty!
Don Rafael Gold,5 out of 5,the best value,the best value
Don Rafael Gold,5 out of 5,Don Rafael Gold,Very good tasting cigar
Don Rafael Gold,4 out of 5,value,For the money it is hard to beat
Don Rafael Gold,4 out of 5,good smoke,For the price they are a great smoke. Not harsh or bitter. My new regular
Don Rafael Gold,4 out of 5,Ok....,"Really like the Don Rafael Connecticut so I figured I would give these a try since they were ""flavored"". Not bad something different."
Don Rafael Gold,4 out of 5,Value with Taste,"This cigar was a surprise for me. I thought it might be bolder considering the dark wrapper. But, I was pleasantly surprised with the medium body on first draw and the sweet aftertaste! I would certainly recommend this cigar to anyone looking for an everyday smoke at a very nice price point."
Don Rafael Gold,4 out of 5,Very nice for a low,Very nice for a low cost cigar
Don Rafael Gold,5 out of 5,Great flavor,Continued flavor from the tip throughout the smoke. Mild flavor. Correct gauge
Don Rafael Gold,5 out of 5,an excellent cigar for the,an excellent cigar for the price! good flavor and most importantly: easy draw
Don Rafael Gold,5 out of 5,Very good Ciger,Very good Ciger
Don Rafael Gold,4 out of 5,Nice cigar for the money,"Great cigar for a daily smoke. Smooth, nice burn and draw....can't complain!"
Don Rafael Gold,5 out of 5,Smooth not bitter,Smooth not bitter
Don Rafael Gold,4 out of 5,Don,And smoking these for a little while. Very good but I am getting tired of the sweet stuff. Will be ordering different
Don Rafael Gold,4 out of 5,A good backyard cigar,A good backyard cigar
Don Rafael Gold,5 out of 5,Nice Smoke,Starts off with a sweet taste and then turns to a mild flavor after that.
Don Rafael Gold,4 out of 5,Not too bad,"Good value for an inexpensive smoke- consistent draw, a little canoeing here and there but overall not bad"
Don Rafael Gold,5 out of 5,All I can say its,All I can say its the best 👌
Don Rafael Gold,5 out of 5,My preferred smoke.,Great mild cigar.
Don Rafael Gold,5 out of 5,Great Price and Smoke!!,Great cigar! Burns nicely and good aroma!!
Don Rafael Gold,4 out of 5,"Good smoking cigar, mild, burns","Good smoking cigar, mild, burns through the entire smoke, good aroma"
Don Rafael Gold,5 out of 5,Gold Churchill by Don Rfael,These cigars are mild and relaxing. They leave no after taste. The wife likes the aroma.
Don Rafael Gold,4 out of 5,Don Rafeal Gold,First time I've had a Don Rafael. I was duly impressed!! Nice flavor with an even draw. I really liked the sweetened tip. Good price too. Will be ordering more.
Don Rafael Gold,5 out of 5,good everyday smooth cigar,good everyday smooth cigar
Don Rafael Gold,5 out of 5,Special and Everyday,This little baby here is a joy for everyday and on special occassions. Smooth tastey and nice burning. That says it all.
Don Rafael Gold,4 out of 5,Enjoy them,Enjoy them
Don Rafael Gold,4 out of 5,fair cigar,nice mild taste but doesn't burn well. Wont buy again
Don Rafael Gold,5 out of 5,Sleeper Cigar,"Great medium bodied cigar- plenty of flavor but no bite.
What a deal!"
Don Rafael Gold,5 out of 5,Great!,Very smooth smoke.
Don Rafael Gold,5 out of 5,whats with the tax on,whats with the tax on order?
Don Rafael Gold,5 out of 5,Reasonable Price - Good Taste,I love the Don Rafael Gold’s sweet wrapper and light taste. Good cigar for a reasonable price.
Don Rafael Gold,4 out of 5,"Mild, every day cigar","Decent cigar for everyday smoking. Mild, with a sweet tip. For the money pretty good."
Don Rafael Gold,4 out of 5,Very Nice Good Value,I enjoyed the DR Gold robusto. Fuller in body than most Don Rafael yet keeps the smoothness I expect. The cap is sugary and wears off quickly. It is not a flavored cigar. Toasty nutty spice with a nice peppery feel but not overwhelming. Draw and burn were fine. A nice chestnut brown wrapper. I bought a box here at CI that came with a promo 12 toro sampler. They are aging well. I will smoke the rest and buy more. Try them ... they're good.
Don Rafael Gold,4 out of 5,Good for a sweet cigar.,"I don't usually like sweetened cigars, but these are good. Unlike other sweets, these utilize decent tobacco, and don't rely on the sweetener to mask inferior qualities."
Don Rafael Gold,5 out of 5,"Don Rafael Gold Toro,",Good Cigar
Don Rafael Gold,5 out of 5,Love these,For price. My favorite smoke. Never disappoint
Don Rafael Gold,5 out of 5,Don Rafael Gold,Good cigars at a fair price
Don Rafael Gold,5 out of 5,A favored everyday cigar.,A favored everyday cigar.
Don Rafael Gold,5 out of 5,Great taste..really smooth,I bought them for my husband and he loves them. Will order more.
Don Rafael Gold,5 out of 5,Exelent,My every day cigar
Don Rafael Gold,4 out of 5,Great everyday cigar,Regis is a sweet mild smoke that you can afford to smoke every day
Don Rafael Gold,5 out of 5,First time ordering the Don,"First time ordering the Don Raf’s gold Churchill’s - wow, wow, wow!! Great smoke - didn’t want to stop!! Great cigar - great buy!!"
Don Rafael Gold,4 out of 5,Pure Gold,Very good smoke for a little bit of money. Will buy them again.
Don Rafael Gold,5 out of 5,Sweetened cap,"Intense initial sweetness fades quickly . Good burn, draw."
Don Rafael Gold,5 out of 5,Smooth smoke.,Smooth smoke.
Don Rafael Gold,5 out of 5,Good smoke,A grey stood and tasty cigar.I like it and enjoying.
Don Rafael Gold,5 out of 5,Cigar,"The cigar is great the draw is perfect and the tast is also great
I will order more in future"
Don Rafael Gold,5 out of 5,Don Rafael,I like them but that's not the one I order I always get nickarcasnum77 if your back order I get the Connecticut num77
Don Rafael Gold,5 out of 5,good smoke,great stick with good flavor. put together very well and burns consistently for the full smoke. also the freebees were excellent. I'm not a full flavor smoker but they were very tasty and not too harsh.
Don Rafael Gold,4 out of 5,Joe,A decent smoke.
Don Rafael Italia,5 out of 5,Italia,Medium - Full body: don't be fooled. A wonder smoke on the course.
Don Rafael Italia,4 out of 5,Karl G.,This has a pleasant leathery taste. This is my top choice from the Don Rafael international selections. Well worth trying.
Don Rafael Italia,5 out of 5,Dark Chocolate and Coffee,This is stop number 5 exploring the free Don Rafael international sampler I received with a box purchase here at CI. So far so good. The wrapper is golden. It is well rolled with a good draw. Burns slow cool and even. It has a medium body but still is very smooth. Tastes of coffee and dark chocolate. Worth a try.
Don Rafael Italia,4 out of 5,Italia,"Not bad, in fact they got better as the aged in my humidor. Wish they had 6x60’s"
Don Rafael Italia,5 out of 5,"Try it, you will like it!","Great cigar for the price...if you like Italian tobacco, which I do, these Cigars will do you right!"
Don Rafael Italia,5 out of 5,Il cigarro è stato eccellente,Tried one from the sample pack and HAD to order the whole box!
Don Rafael Italia,3 out of 5,Decent,I expexted darker wrapper (to match foto) and more flavor.
Don Rafael Italia,5 out of 5,Italia,Awesome...great smoke.
Don Rafael Italia,3 out of 5,Don Rafael Italia 57 Robusto,"It’s ok ,but nothing that really excites I will say they burn well & hold a nice ash. not too strong, but again nothing that stands out."
Don Rafael Maduro,4 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Don Rafael Maduro,4 out of 5,Don Rafael Maduro #97,It wasn't a bad cigar but it wasn't a good cigar. It was worth the price I paid.
Don Rafael Maduro,5 out of 5,I’ll buy it again,Fine cigar. Surprising value
Don Rafael Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,Great cigar!
Don Rafael Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Buy,I enjoy these a lot. Great smoke for sitting out by the pool. I have had sticks that cost more and are not as good as these. I have bought these multiple times and never disappointed.
Don Rafael Maduro,3 out of 5,"Meh, it's something to smoke..",This stick is as unremarkable as its price indicates. Frankly I expected more of a Victor Sinclair product even in the affordable line. Glad I only ordered on box.
Don Rafael Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke for any occasion,Great smoke for any occasion
Don Rafael Maduro,5 out of 5,Waiting for del,Excellent smoke
Don Rafael Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent Smoke,"Nicely packed, smokes tight and burns evenly for the entire time. Will definitely purchase again!!!"
Don Rafael Maduro,3 out of 5,ok cigar,pretty good
Don Rafael Maduro,5 out of 5,Don Rafael,Treat every day cigar.
Don Rafael Maduro,5 out of 5,They where very good,They where very good
Don Rafael Maduro,5 out of 5,Well worth the current price for a box,"This has become one of my favorites. Great smoke, burns very even and long."
Don Rafael Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Mild Flavor!,"Nicely packed, easy draw, smooth mild flavor. If you like Dark Sharks, you will like these."
Don Rafael Maduro,3 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth
Don Rafael Maduro,5 out of 5,Well worth the current price for a box,"These were a pleasant surprise. Very nice cigar, easy draw, good flavor and aroma. I recommended to a friend for purchase."
Don Rafael Maduro,4 out of 5,Solid cigar,"Definitely a main stay in the humidor, good solid smoke"
Don Rafael Maduro,3 out of 5,Don Rafael maduro,"Good stick for the golf course, especially for the price."
Don Rafael Maduro,4 out of 5,"Good every day cigar, good","Good every day cigar, good draw, good mild flavor."
Don Rafael Maduro,5 out of 5,Dandy!,good smoke
Don Rafael Maduro,5 out of 5,Great!,This is exactly what I was looking for in taste. Easy on the palate.
Don Rafael Maduro,4 out of 5,Don Rafael,"This is a very good smoke. I like to smoke a cigar while playing golf and this one lasts burns evenly, stays lit and lasts 9 holes."
Don Rafael Maduro,4 out of 5,Don Rafael Maduro #67 Churchill,"Great taste, nice draw and stays lit!"
Don Rafael Maduro,5 out of 5,smooth,smooth great cigar very affordable taste great
Don Rafael Maduro,4 out of 5,the don,"for a budget smoke, these are great. they have earned a permanent home in my humidor. not 1 problem with any of them. by far my best everyday smoke."
Don Rafael Maduro,5 out of 5,enjoyable,enjoyable
Don Rafael Maduro,5 out of 5,waneswld,Love this a smooth and tasty cigar for a great price. I am hooked.
Don Rafael Maduro,3 out of 5,Don Rafael,"It’s not a bad cigar for the price. It’s not as heavy and dense as the premium brands, but for the price it’s a good daily smoker."
Don Rafael Maduro,4 out of 5,my review;,"not my favorite , but still a good smoke"
Don Rafael Maduro,5 out of 5,Don Rafael,My favorite cigar for the price....
Don Rafael Maduro,3 out of 5,Good stogie for the price,Good stogie for the price but the butt end tends to come apart half way through
Don Rafael Maduro,4 out of 5,John Ash,Very enjoyable
Don Rafael Maduro,4 out of 5,Don Rafeal,I didn't get the freebies with my order. The sampler.
Don Rafael Maduro,5 out of 5,Good Cigar,Good quality and great value for the money!
Don Rafael Maduro,4 out of 5,Smooth smoke,This was a very good smoke but I would have preferred a stronger cigar. Great for the money.
Don Rafael Maduro,3 out of 5,Average.,Average.
Don Rafael Maduro,5 out of 5,Good smoke at a good price,Very smooth smoke. Mild. Very enjoyable.
Don Rafael Maduro,4 out of 5,Don Rafael,Don Rafael
Don Rafael Maduro,4 out of 5,smooth,smooth
Don Rafael Maduro,5 out of 5,Enjoying this cigar. Tried Don,"Enjoying this cigar. Tried Don Rafael first time, not disapointed."
Don Rafael Maduro,5 out of 5,Don Rafael Maduro,Always an excellent cigar.
Don Rafael Maduro,4 out of 5,Very good smoke for the,Very good smoke for the price!!!!
Don Rafael Maduro,4 out of 5,Good cigar,"These don Raphaels are a nice addition to my humidor. Medium full flavor and very smooth. For the price, they can't be beat."
Don Rafael Maduro,5 out of 5,Respect the Don,These are a really good smoke! A great everyday cigar at a value price!
Don Rafael Maduro,4 out of 5,I like them very much,I like them very much and if the price is coming down I will order them again
Don Rafael Maduro,5 out of 5,Good smoke.,Great everyday cigar. Light it up burn is straight as an arrow. Satisfying
Don Rafael Maduro,2 out of 5,Don Rafael,They are too small. May enjoy more if they were bigger.
Don Rafael Maduro,5 out of 5,I was very pleased with,I was very pleased with the purchase..For the price it's a good smoke..
Don Rafael Maduro,2 out of 5,Don't stay lite or burn,Don't stay lite or burn evenly. Not enjoying them at all. I guess one gets what they pay for.
Don Rafael Maduro,5 out of 5,Great burn,Great burn
Don Rafael Nicaragua,4 out of 5,great,The best this Don has to offer. Great smoke for the money. Flavorful but never harsh. Construction is almost always on. Great for around the yard or on the course.
Don Rafael Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Good burn,Good burn
Don Rafael Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great Smole,Burns well smooth smoke great draw excellent burn.This stick is a great cigar and for the price I’m stoking my humidor . Don’t hesitate stock up.
Don Rafael Nicaragua,3 out of 5,Larrys,This is not a champagne cigar. It’s just a cigar that works and at this price I would keep buying.
Don Rafael Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Don Rafael Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Great every day smoke!,Great every day smoke!
Don Rafael Nicaragua,4 out of 5,3 1/2 *,"More like 3 1/2 stars. Pretty tasty but not overly flavorful, Very earthy, if dry, straw like taste."
Don Rafael Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great cigar would buy again.,Great cigar would buy again.
Don Rafael Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Great smoke,Smooth
Don Rafael Nicaragua,4 out of 5,"Good cigars , nice price","Good cigars , nice price"
Don Rafael Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Mild And Tasty For 2 Bucks,"A good smoke for around 2 dollars. Has a golden wrapper. Mild and smooth. Well rolled good draw. Burned slow cool and even. Nice flavors of coffee, nuts and toasty bread. CI runs great deals and I got a beautiful 12 cigar international Churchill sampler as a promo along with my box. I shop around and they have some of the best deals right here at CI."
Don Rafael Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great stick,I smoke about 25 cigars a week. It’s had to smoke a good quality cigar without going broke. So I buy supplement my quality cigars with bundles. The Don Rafael Nicaragua is a 5 star smoke at a bundle price. Excellent stick! 👍⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
Don Rafael Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Overall satisfaction,Nice firm cigar with a pleasing taste and aroma. Will certainly buy again when they become available.
Don Rafael Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Good smoke for the money,Good smoke for the money
Don Rafael Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Fairly Consistent smoke,Good flavor and a consistent draw. Not my favorite but better than a lot I've had at this price range.
Don Rafael Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Don Rafael Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Don Rafael,"I like them, I was surprised at the flavor, toasty, hint of coffee, pretty good.
Worth the money to get these"
Don Rafael Nicaragua,4 out of 5,The Don,"D R was a mild smoke good tasting cigar , I plan on buying again ."
Don Rafael Nicaragua,3 out of 5,Enjoyable,Enjoyable
Don Rafael Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Gotta love the Don!,I enjoy anything Don Rafael makes. For the money it's hard to beat these cigars. Taste great. Burns even. Easy draw. Love them.
Don Rafael Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Great cigar for price,"Mild smoke, same throughout except for a little harsh at the end. Hard to beat the flavor for that price."
Don Rafael Nicaragua,5 out of 5,this is a very fine,this is a very fine cigar at a budget price-- flavorful and smooth
Don Rafael Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Salmones well,The only comentarios is that the comer sedas a bit Dr y and tus italianos pelas easily
Don Rafael Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Didn’t get the ones I,Didn’t get the ones I ordered they were returned without any explanation
Don Rafael Nicaragua,4 out of 5,They are quite variable (inconsistent),Overall I like these. I would buy again. I have had better boxes than this one but considering the price I am still good with these.
Don Rafael Nicaragua,3 out of 5,Don Rafael Nicaragua #87 Torpedo,"Much better than cornsilk rolled in newspaper. Still, not sure why it was represented as Medium-Full flavor, as it didn't have very much. Sorta disappointing."
Don Rafael Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Don Rafel Nicaragua,"Hate to rate a cigar I like. Others try it and then I either can't afford it or its backordered. So with that being said this cigar is really ""terrible""."
Don Rafael Nicaragua,1 out of 5,looks are deceiving,my size for cigars. look good. good packaging. but find them dry. outer wrap keeps peeling away so very disappointed at this purchase.
Don Rafael Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Don Rafael,"Good smoke burns evenly, not strong but a good medium taste. Very likeable as I smoke one or two a day."
Don Rafael Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Some cigars burned uneven and,Some cigars burned uneven and some went out halfway down.
Don Rafael Nicaragua,3 out of 5,Cigar of the month,I thought the draw was a bit hard and flavor lacking but my friends like them . They thought the cigar had good flavor.They actually want to order more. I guess it is me.My friends recommend them.
Don Rafael Nicaragua,2 out of 5,You get what you pay for,It burns
Don Rafael Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Don Rafael Nicarguans,"Fantastic cigar, well made, long ash, burns smoothly and evenly. CI is a great company, prompt, always in stock (not like another on line cigar site), great ""diversity""of choices, good prices, rapid delivery. Highly recco. and that from a long time loyal consumer. Keep up the great work."
Don Rafael Nicaragua,3 out of 5,The DonRaphel cigar,Good smoke light crisp okay taste nice cigar would like a stronger leather taste then this would be a great cigar
Don Rafael Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Great cigar for the price!,Great cigar for the price!
Don Rafael Nicaragua,5 out of 5,JW in Georgia,"Good every day smoke. Burns well, holds a good ash, medium body flavor
all the way to the end."
Don Rafael Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Nice mild,Nice mild
Don Rafael Nicaragua,4 out of 5,The Don with the smoothest taste,"The Don is a Excellent cigar a very smooth taste to the pallet, I would recommend all to experience the Don Raphael 👌🏾"
Don Rafael Nicaragua,5 out of 5,A solid effort from Don Rafael,"These are a decent smoke, price point be darned. As a fan of Nicaraguan cigars, the low cost brought me in to see if I could use them as a ""daily"". They more than fill the bill! Zesty and subtle at the same time, spice is undeniable with loads of flavor. The construction is on point, burning evenly, and really billows clouds of smoke. Quite the charmer! Top shelf to impress your friends? Nah. Sit back after a day at work with your feet up? Yeah."
Don Rafael Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great Everyday Smoke,"I have now ordered three boxes of Don Raphael because, for me, they are a great everyday smoke. They meet my budget and they are a good smooth smoke!"
Don Rafael Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great everyday smoke!,"I've been buying the Don Rafael Maduro for years, so I decided to try the Nicaragua #97. It's fantastic, and the Gordo size is perfect !"
Don Rafael Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Arganese Corona,"A quality robusto, which you would expect to pay much more for, this corona offers a wholesome wrapper that is semi-oily and slightly veiny. Cap and wrapper are of good construction and do not unravel when cut or while smoking; the somewhat large label comes off easily as well. The cigar is just right to the touch, not too hard nor soft, and the ash indicates it to be a quality smoke.
The burn is neither too fast nor slow and happily, the cigar never requires re-lighting, but rather it provides a steady draw all the way through, with light and even smoke. It is definitely a full-bodied cigar, very peppery, which someone may construe as somewhat harsh. It has nuances of leather and cocoa and I would recommend it to those who enjoy a stronger smoke. Definitely a good bargain."
Don Rafael Nicaragua,2 out of 5,Not the best from an otherwise solid lineup of low-cost smokes,"I bought two 20-pack samplers of Don Rafael smokes earlier this year. While the Gold churchills are my favorite of the bunch. (Love the sweetened tip - which is a style used in Western Cuba, in the Pinar del Rio area.) and the Connecticuts are a straight down the middle mild and tasty smoke, these black label Nicaraguan were bitter. I gave up after smoking several of them half way thru. Construction is fine: All of these offer a loose construction, and fast draw to compliments their consistent taste. Two stars for price and consistency, but I'd never buy the black label Nicaraguans by themselves."
Don Rafael Nicaragua,5 out of 5,They are good,They are good
Don Rafael Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Don Rafael Nicaragua,Good smoke for everyday. I usually smoke 2 or 3 during work. I guess that's the benefit for working outside.
Don Rafael Nicaragua,5 out of 5,don rafael nicaraqua,excellent cigar for the money
Don Rafael Nicaragua,5 out of 5,They were a little stronger,They were a little stronger than I thought they would be
Don Rafael Nicaragua,1 out of 5,Bad Cigars.,"Most horrible smoke, they go out all the time."
Don Rafael Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Great great great smoke
Don Rafael Nicaragua,3 out of 5,Bonus cigars were dry and,Bonus cigars were dry and peeling
Don Rafael Signature,5 out of 5,Excellent,"Outstanding 10, Light, Soft, Good Presentation.Excellent Price Quality"
Don Rafael Turquia,4 out of 5,Good daily smoke,Good daily smoke
Don Rafael Turquia,4 out of 5,Well constructed mild cigar,"Burned well and had decent flavor for a mild cigar. Don't expect it to have a lot of fire cured flavor from the pipe tobacco, but it does remind me of a mildly peated scotch. No burn problems at all."
Don Rafael Turquia,3 out of 5,loose,"Enjoyed the flavor, but feel that some were rolled too loose."
Don Rafael Turquia,4 out of 5,Good deal. Good cigar.,"Bought a box on a whim Joe Cigar deal and the first impression is it's not bad. Well-made for sure and the draw is nice, even burn as well. But I was expecting a slightly darker wrapper from the picture and description. I figured Habano but it tastes and looks like Connecticut Shade once I had my first one. Not that I hate CT wrapped cigars but they're not my go-to. I'll smoke them and enjoy them but I probably won't buy them again. Nothing against this fine cigar, it's just not my preference."
Don Rafael Turquia,4 out of 5,Good Cigar,Very good cigar. Very fairly priced. Will buy more
Don Rafael Turquia,5 out of 5,Turquia For Thanksgiving,This is stop number 3 touring my free Don Rafael international sampler I got with a box purchase here at CI. The Brasil and USA were both good. They call it a robusto but it is more like a toro. A pretty golden wrapper. Well rolled and good draw. Slow cool and even burn. The smoothness of Don Rafael with a nice kick from the Turkish tobacco. A tangy espresso on the roof of my mouth accompanied by toasty naturally sweet tobacco flavor. Another winner from Don Rafael and CI.
Don Rafael Turquia,5 out of 5,Good for the everyday smoke.,Good for the everyday smoke.
Don Rafael Turquia,5 out of 5,Excellent,"Just smoked one of these from the sampler pack and I was blown away. I am more of a fine of fuller bodied cigars but this one just has such amazing flavors. As a former pipe smoker you can really taste the Latakia that is mixed in the filler, something I was skeptical of at first. I will be ordering a box of these next time."
Don Rafael Turquia,5 out of 5,Nice Cigar,Very enjoyable Cigar. Fairly priced. Have reordered
Don Rafael Turquia,5 out of 5,Good Stuff!,"After tasting the Turquia, I will absolutely try the other ones like Brazil, Italia, USA, Ecuador and Mexico. Interesting blends."
Don Rafael USA,4 out of 5,Must buy,Great tasting
Don Rafael USA,5 out of 5,"Smooth, looooong smoke!!","Smooth, looooong smoke!!"
Don Rafael USA,5 out of 5,DON'T RAISE THE PRICE,EXCELLENT MEDIUM BODY CIGAR. WELL CONSTRUCTED WITH GOOD DRAW.....
Don Rafael USA,4 out of 5,Good Flavor right to the end,A good cigar at a very good price
Don Rafael USA,3 out of 5,"it is a ""middle of","it is a ""middle of the road"" smoke. good value for the price if the freebie's are included."
Don Rafael USA,4 out of 5,"Great Smoke for the Price, But.","Its a great smoke.. However, its not my first choice. If I’m out mowing the grass I smoke this every time. Its honestly a great smoke for the price, but not my favorite."
Don Rafael USA,5 out of 5,A pleasantly satisfied palate,"I couldn't believe this cigar! Smooth and VERY satisfying. The Don Rafaeil line of sticks has to be some of the best deals around! I'll be coming back soon.
Bob"
Don Smith,5 out of 5,My favorite cigars,My favorite cigars
Don Smith,3 out of 5,"Great price , average cigar",Good daily cigar. Burns decent
Don Smith,4 out of 5,Not the best quality but,Not the best quality but worth the price.
Don Smith,5 out of 5,Great for cost,"I really enjoy these cigars as a everyday cigar. They are cost effective, good flavor and burn evenly. Great in between cigar before breaking out your favorites for special occasions."
Don Smith,4 out of 5,Very good,Very good
Don Smith,5 out of 5,Good cigars,Very good and smooth
Don Smith,4 out of 5,Amazing,A smooth even burning smoke. Bargain of a lifetime.
Don Smith,5 out of 5,Mild and excellent cigar,Mild and excellent cigar
Don Smith,4 out of 5,Dependable Favorite,I like ordering these cigars - An old favorite! 4.5 Stars!
Don Smith,4 out of 5,Review,Excellent for the price
Don Smith,5 out of 5,is a good smoking cigar,is a good smoking cigar and i will buy them again
Don Smith,3 out of 5,no taste.,good for a every day cheap smoke.
Don Smith,4 out of 5,Delicious Cigars,"good quality, nice and delicious cigars. thanks."
Don Smith,5 out of 5,Comfort Smoke,I received one in a sampler pack from cigar international and was pleasantly pleased with the smoothness of the smoke. Burns well and enjoyed the taste and a mild aftertaste of the cigar. Very enjoyable and relaxing smoke
Don Smith,3 out of 5,Don SmithChurchill,Don Smith is an adequate smoke for the price.
Don Smith,5 out of 5,always looking for a good,"always looking for a good tasting inexpensive cigar, and this is good one."
Don Smith,5 out of 5,They're for my son-in-law. He,They're for my son-in-law. He loves them because they burn evenly and are mild
Don Smith,5 out of 5,Dee,Great for sitting around and having good everyday smoke. I purchase them on a regular when available
Don Smith,4 out of 5,entry level cigar,The price is reasonable. entry level cigar.
Don Smith,5 out of 5,Great taste,Great long lasting great complex cigar. Found it in the poboy sampler
Don Smith,4 out of 5,Don Smith,Leave it in the Humidor for a few weeks. I had one that was awesome and another that tasted moldy.
Don Smith,4 out of 5,Good Value.,Do not expect a Padron. Fills the bill for a good knock-around at a good price.
Don Smith,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Tried it.. liked it..great smoke for the money
Don Smith,5 out of 5,Not too bad burns a,Not too bad burns a little uneven
Don Smith,5 out of 5,Don smist,Good cigar
Don Smith,5 out of 5,Best bang for the buck in a Churchill.,Nice draw too!
Don Smith,5 out of 5,Nice mild cigar !!,I found these in a sampler pack several years ago. Not being a fan of harsh cigars I enjoyed this one and have given numerous to friends who also enjoyed them. Quick Ship
Don Smith,5 out of 5,Good smoke,For an inexpensive stick they are great for an everyday smoke great for work if you can’t keep them going you are not out a lot but they have a great taste mild and good to relaxe with too
Don Smith,5 out of 5,customer service,Great sales people!
Don Smith,4 out of 5,Don Smith,Good inexpensive cigar~
Don Smith,5 out of 5,Don Smith Churshill,Very good & long burning cigar
Don Smith,3 out of 5,UNEVEN BURN,"This cigar is a good inexpensive choice; however, it's hard to keep lit evenly...almost 70% of the 80 cigars I purchased burned cockeyed...that percentage steered my position on this review"
Don Smith,1 out of 5,don smith,"I did not like them, too apt to fall apart."
Don Smith,3 out of 5,Review,Cigar are not bad for the price but can leave a long after taste in your mouth even after rinsing.
Don Smith,3 out of 5,Not a long filler. Somewhat uneven burn,"Not a long filler. Somewhat uneven burn. For the price, I can not complain."
Don Smith,5 out of 5,Excellent everyday mild smoke!,Excellent everyday mild smoke!
Don Smith,4 out of 5,Pretty good smoke I enjoyed,Pretty good smoke I enjoyed a cigarette at a time.
Don Smith,5 out of 5,rate don smith,Very good. Mild and burns great. Have given to friends and they really like them
Don Smith,4 out of 5,A nice cigar for a po' boy.,"Quite a tasty cheap-o. Inconsistent burn and a bit dry, but a very smooth and buttery draw and pleasant aroma. If you're looking for a cheap, everyday stogie but don't want a full bodied power house, this extremely mild cigar is right up your alley. A little time in your humidor is recommended."
Don Smith,4 out of 5,D Smith Churchill,"Great cigar, keep moist, will dry out."
Don Smith,4 out of 5,Great Cigar.,Great Cigar.
Don Smith,5 out of 5,Po' Boy II Sampler,"Excellent cigar for me. I like the tight draw, the aroma, and the construction. I would not hesitate to reorder these to stock my humidors. THey suit that purpose - nicely!"
Don Smith,5 out of 5,Don Smith,"Great tasting cigar. Burns slow and smooth. Great for a quick pick me up, wonderful conversation piece for those who are first timers. Don Smith goes great with the drink of your choice."
Don Smith,4 out of 5,good cigar,it is a good cigar not great but good
Don Smith,3 out of 5,Good every day cigar.,Good every day cigar.
Don Smith,3 out of 5,Good price. Pretty good draw.,Good price. Pretty good draw. Overall not a bad cigar.
Don Smith,5 out of 5,Great deal!,Very nice inexpensive everyday cigar. Great for the golf course.
Don Smith,3 out of 5,The Don,The cigar has smooth mellow taste the Head is too soft when smoking this lead to unwrapping at the head and body other then that good cigar 👀
Don Smith,5 out of 5,Excellent!,Excellent!
Don Smith,5 out of 5,Don Smith,Great cigar for the price. Rich flavor and aroma. Will definitely continue to purchase as everyday smoke!
Don Tomas Clasico Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar for the money,Great cigar for the money
Don Tomas Clasico Maduro,5 out of 5,Great taste. Good draw. Stays,"Great taste. Good draw. Stays lit with a long, white ash. Best value around."
Don Tomas Clasico Maduro,5 out of 5,Don Tomas Maduro,Excellent smoke
Don Tomas Clasico Maduro,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Prefer the original over these... a bit more smooth of a smoke but at the close out price couldn't pass these up
Don Tomas Clasico Maduro,5 out of 5,I really enjoyed this smoke,"The box has been consistent as to burn, draw,flavor and strength. I will buy again."
Don Tomas Clasico Maduro,5 out of 5,Don Tomas cigars,"A very good cigar, I've had a couple that were hard to draw on but that's probably to be expected, all in all very nice, really smell good!"
Don Tomas Clasico Maduro,5 out of 5,Stogie,Awesome
Don Tomas Clasico Maduro,4 out of 5,Nice smoke,"These are well constructed, even burning, lots of smoke and lasts longer than most cigars the same size. A little stronger than I like which is the only reason I gave 4 stars. Well worth a try."
Don Tomas Clasico Maduro,5 out of 5,Pleasant surprise!,"I am just finishing my first ever Don Tomas. I was given this cigar as a gift, I blew it off and put it away and forgot about it. I stumbled upon it tonight: Good cigar, at any price, period. I prefer a robusto size over anything else, but this thing is amazing. It's no fuente, It's better than that, though slightly more mild, but not much. Medium-full flavor, solid construction and even burn. I'm almost to the band and haven't had any issues thus far. I'll be ordering a box or two of the robustos when they are back in stock. (Note: this cigar has been resting for 3 months in my humidor.)"
Don Tomas Clasico Natural,5 out of 5,I have been smoking DT,I have been smoking DT Classico for about 7 years. I like the taste the size it’s a short smoke
Don Tomas Clasico Natural,5 out of 5,Great smoke,I got lucky with this box. The the cigars are wellaged and very smooth. It is the only cigar my wife doesn't complain about the smell
Don Tomas Clasico Natural,5 out of 5,I've had them before A,"I've had them before
A cigar everyone can enjoy"
Don Tomas Clasico Natural,5 out of 5,Great cigar. Great price.,Great cigar. Great price.
Don Tomas Clasico Natural,4 out of 5,Nice little cigar,Good little cigar and well worth the price. Nice when you don't have the time for a big one.
Don Tomas Clasico Natural,4 out of 5,Mostly Good,"Usually a smooth smoke, but sometimes there will be one that is wrapped too tight and is hard to draw."
Don Tomas Clasico Natural,4 out of 5,Good,Good
Don Tomas Clasico Natural,5 out of 5,AAA,AAA
Don Tomas Clasico Natural,4 out of 5,A tasty consistent smoke!,A tasty consistent smoke!
Don Tomas Clasico Natural,3 out of 5,Fine,"A bit underwhelming, but just fine.. mild to medium"
Don Tomas Clasico Natural,5 out of 5,Always great service and easy,Always great service and easy ordering.
Don Tomas Clasico Natural,5 out of 5,Don Tomas,Great cigar
Don Tomas Clasico Natural,5 out of 5,Great smokes,Good value and a great smoke.
Don Tomas Clasico Natural,5 out of 5,Great smoke for a small cigar,"Best tasting cigar for a cigarillo I have found in years. Slow even burn, does not get hot as many other small cigars do. Consistent taste full-bodied like smoking A full-size cigar. Great for travel while driving when you don’t have the time To sit back and smoke your favorite full-size cigar"
Don Tomas Clasico Natural,5 out of 5,Don Tomas (Clasico Allegro Tubo),GREAT stogie at a excellent price!
Don Tomas Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Worth a shot,"Overall good cigar, nice flavor profile, but for me its one star down for the tighter roll."
Don Tomas Nicaragua,5 out of 5,My favorite everyday cigar.,Great reasonably priced cigar that I smoke everyday.
Don Tomas Nicaragua,4 out of 5,very good cigar,very good cigar
Don Tomas Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Great Value for $,"I buy a lot of cigars and constantly looking for a good value. After Don Tomas discontinued one of my favorite black labels a few years back, I found this one. It’s got good flavor, good draw, and doesn’t fall apart like other comparable sticks."
Don Tomas Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Don Thomas,Excellent smoke for the money!!
Don Tomas Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great Value and an Excellent Smoke,"Well balanced medium smoke. Flawless construction and very easy draw. As an everyday cigar, this Don Tomas fits the bill. For me, re-ordering is a no-brainer. I love it.😊"
Don Tomas Nicaragua,3 out of 5,Good but....,"very smooth, very tasty, but a hard draw"
Don Tomas Sungrown,5 out of 5,Great flavor,pleasant and enjoyable smoke
Don Tomas Sungrown,5 out of 5,Good Smoke,"Good smoke, flavor and smell. Overall I enjoy smoking this cigar"
Don Tomas Sungrown,4 out of 5,A little spice and good,A little spice and good finish
Don Tomas Sungrown,5 out of 5,Excellent,Great smoke for the money.
Don Tomas Sungrown,5 out of 5,One of the best taste only sun grown cigars have. Put it in your catalog!,Don Tomas Sun Grown is one of the best for the price. Rich taste with great draw and no bite. Smooth and great to the end. I smoke a lot of top shelf cigars and this belongs with them.
Don Tomas Sungrown,5 out of 5,Don Tomas,This is a very mild and satisfactory smoke.
Don Tomas Sungrown,5 out of 5,A very good cigar anytime of the day,"An excellent cigar, in my opinion, that I can enjoy anytime during the day and for any occasion. Great flavor, good construction, and an all around satisfying cigar. I can recommend these to anyone who enjoys a good medium bodied, flavorful smoke. I do enjoy my DTSG."
Double Happiness Cazadores,3 out of 5,Double Happiness,"Decent smoke for the price. Slow, consistent burn, mild, well wrapped."
Double Happiness Cazadores,4 out of 5,"double hap, dub sat","I must say that this was the freshest tasting cheapy cigar I have received in a while, very moist:). it hangs in there while chewing the end long after I let it go out. relighting it does not give me that bad relit horrible taste. it too is a task cigar and a good one."
Double Happiness Cazadores,4 out of 5,Nice,"Very nice cigar for the price. Having tried many different cigars I keep ordering this cigar. Very light, only wish it came in a slight longer size."
Double Happiness Cazadores,5 out of 5,every day smoke,"For this price target you get a consistent burn, draw, flavor and stay's lit - more then expected"
Double Happiness Cazadores,4 out of 5,good cigar at fair price,I ordered these because I normally order Country Man Good Times and they are ALWAYS backordered. These are a little harder to draw but last a little longer.
Double Happiness Cazadores,3 out of 5,A decent daily work smoke,"A decent daily work smoke. Good for the price. As with any economy line there are small issues like some bad burns and loose rolls, but hey, I burn thru about 4-5 a day and these are barely over a buck."
Double Happiness Cazadores,5 out of 5,Impressed,"Got some of these as a golf cigar, find myself smoking them every chance I get. Really can’t beat these for the price tag. Cheap cheap smoke that is actually enjoyable to an enthusiast’s palate. Will definitely be keeping stock in the humidor."
Double Happiness Cazadores,3 out of 5,Cazadores Happiness; A good every,Cazadores Happiness; A good every day smoke for the money
Double Happiness Cazadores,5 out of 5,Double happiness Cazadores,These were a good value
Double Happiness Cazadores,4 out of 5,Cazadores toro,Good smoke for the price. I wish you offered larger rings.
Double Happiness Cazadores,3 out of 5,Double Happiness,Good knock around smoke for the price
Double Happiness Cazadores,3 out of 5,Good for the price,On special these were great deal. Decent mild smoke and fairly good burn. Construction could be better on some.
Double Happiness Cazadores,4 out of 5,Good solid smoke for the,Good solid smoke for the golf course
Double Happiness Cazadores,4 out of 5,Not a bad smoke,These cigars are nice with goof flavor. I would recommend using a full cut as a V cut a full cut allows the flavor to blossom as a posed to a V cut witch feta very bad taste at the end. Over all a good smoke for the money
Double Happiness Cazadores,5 out of 5,A great everyday smoke.,I purchased these because I wanted an everyday cigar that. I’ve smoked a variety of expensive to cheap. I’m not an expert by any means but for the money this is an excellent choice. It burns evenly and I haven’t had to relight ten times like on some cheap cigars. I am actually impressed by the flavor and quality this has for the price. I won’t feel guilty if I only smoked half as I would if it was a $20 cigar. Great addition CI .
Double Happiness Cazadores,5 out of 5,Great everyday smoke,"Not top shelf, but a five stars everyday smoke."
Double Happiness Cazadores,4 out of 5,Nice smoke,Good tight roll not a bad smoke
Double Happiness Cazadores,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Nice every day cigar
Double Happiness Cazadores,5 out of 5,An update after smoking,"This is an update to my post November 27, 2019. Today December 5th my order arrived and I eagerly smoked my first Philippine cigar in over a year. I was not disappointed
The cigar is mild with an almost almond nut taste. It burns even without a need for a relight. According to my wife it has a pleasant aroma so is not offensive to a non smoker.
It is not a 92 or 93 rating but for my personal enjoyment as a daily smoke personally rate it high. I like it so much I just placed an order for 2 more bundles of 50 cigars. I consider it an acceptable replacement for my Romeo & Juliet Reserva Real."
Double Happiness Cazadores,5 out of 5,A great buy,I started smoking Philippine cigars when I spent 14 months in the Philippines when all I could find were Philippine cigars. I fell in love with them. When I came back to the USA I could not find them. I am so happy to get them here at CI. A great cigar for an every day cigar. When worth buying. Thanks CO for this sale.
Double Happiness Cazadores,4 out of 5,Love this cigar,"Yes, this is not a top shelf cigar, but in my book this has become my new favorite daily smoke. Whether on a drive home from work or pushing the mower, this is a great, light cigar that will not make you turn green. The draw is smooth, the size is perfect, and you can’t best the price. Plus, it comes in a bundle like 20 mm ammo, cracks me up every time I look at it. I’ll buy this baby again and again!"
Double Happiness Cazadores,4 out of 5,Good Smoke,Great buy
Double Happiness Cazadores,4 out of 5,Good cigar to smoke,Good cigar to smoke
Double Happiness Cazadores,4 out of 5,A nice everyday smoke,"For a dollar a stick, can't beat it. Mild, decent draw."
Double Happiness Cazadores,4 out of 5,Great any time cigar,Great morning cigar mild flavor and a good burn can not go wrong especially for the price. I will be reordering this one.
Double Happiness Cazadores,4 out of 5,double happiness review,My impressions of the cigars was that a clear majority of the cigars were a very pleasant smoke.
Double Happiness Cazadores,3 out of 5,These are ok for everyday,These are ok for everyday smoke. But there are some that are uneven burning.
Double Happiness Cazadores,5 out of 5,Double Happiness Cazadores Toro,very good smoke.. fabulous for the price. I gave some out. they thought it was a $ 5-7stick
Double Happiness Cazadores,4 out of 5,Double Happiness,These are a really great smoke fo
Double Happiness Cazadores,3 out of 5,A smooth smoke !!!! I've,"A smooth smoke !!!! I've had better , I've had worse ! All around a good cigar !"
Double Happiness Cazadores,3 out of 5,Nice for the price,Nice for the price
Double Happiness Cazadores,4 out of 5,Very good for the price.,Very good for the price.
Double Happiness Cazadores,5 out of 5,The price is right,Great smoke for the price.
Double Happiness Cazadores,5 out of 5,2xHappy,"Smooth and smokable.
Amazing price.
Could not ask for more."
Double Happiness Cazadores,4 out of 5,Double Happiness,"A nice smooth smoke.
A great smoke for doing yard work and going to the store
A good gift for all those guys who want a smoke but never offer one
Nothing to be ashamed of here"
Double Happiness Cazadores,5 out of 5,CAZADORES TORO,A FINE SMOKE FOR THE PRICE. I HAVE ONE DAILY EACH MORNING.
Double Happiness Cazadores,4 out of 5,great every day smoke,great every day smoke
Double Happiness Cazadores,5 out of 5,A great smoking Cigar,"One of the best values ever from CI
Smooth Cool and long lasting.
Very fresh."
Double Happiness Cazadores,5 out of 5,Good smoke!,"Since receiving them, Ive only had about 5 or 6 and so far very good"
Double Happiness Cazadores,4 out of 5,Good cigar for the price,Good cigar for the price
Double Happiness Cazadores,5 out of 5,Great cigar,I was completely surprised how good these cigars were. There great for mowing the lawn or just for quick smoke. I would order them again.
Double Happiness Cazadores,4 out of 5,"Happy with the price, good","Happy with the price, good cigar"
Double Happiness Cazadores,5 out of 5,Good every-day cigar,This is a great deal! This cigars will surprise you. This is the perfect everyday go-to cigar. It's smooth and has good flavor.
Double Happiness Cazadores,5 out of 5,Way rad totally stoking cigar really recommended to all thus the fifty pack,Excellent cigar better than a Padilla gordo even tastefuller than most of my gurkhas bigger Toro than many of a more acknowledgeable famed brand real good smoldering burns way even can't find an better Toro at this price glad for thus an email from you all at cigasinternational set me straight at a second glance id of not realized and or noticed a cigar this well in its catagorie then I answered the email and ordered first puff wow smooth not harsh very enjoyable leaves a soft nug in your pallet I'll definitely order this one again best wishes to all really recommended as a first good searching for double the happiness go double happiness extremely stoked
Double Happiness Cazadores,4 out of 5,Good deal,"Really nice mellow smoke - and for the price, you can't go wrong with this."
Double Happiness Cazadores,4 out of 5,Great everyday cigars,Great everyday cigars
Double Happiness Cazadores,4 out of 5,A great bang for the buck cigar and priced to pass them out with your fishing buddies!,"Back in the late 90's and early 2000's I found these to be a very solid and enjoyable smoke perfect for yard-work and fishing. The cost back then was about $2 a stick which was a deal back then but geeze, at this price how can one pass this up?
Don't be afraid of Philippine cigars, just because you have not heard about them does not mean they are not good, Years ago the world never knew about California wines but after the word got out, the world knows what Cali can offer. Same goes with Pennsylvania and New York wines, the quality is there but not as expensive as the Cali wines.
The same can be said for cigars from the Philippines, everyone knows DR, Cuba etc. but you pay for the big name. Now we can enjoy a solid cigar from some little known maker.
The cigars are not perfect and there will be a few duds and others may look a bit ragged, but these cigars are made for the times when the cigar may fall into the trout stream or the paint pan and you wont get upset losing a $10-15 big name stick. Go buy pack and put some in your fishing vest and pass out the rest to your buddies. Now go out enjoy the day with one of these little treasures!
Crapgame"
Drew Estate & Caldwell All Out Kings,5 out of 5,Very smooth.,"So good I bought a 2nd to get some time on it. I think it will become a knockout in 2 to 3 years of age. Great smoking, even burn, caldwell in general make a fantastic offering, and there are many bands in humi's. The last czar, is among my favorite by Caldwell. I received at a discount, full pop is a bit hefty."
Drew Estate & Caldwell All Out Kings,5 out of 5,Forth Pose (Torpedo) Very Tasty!,"This cigar has a great firm feel to the fingers. It's burn is true and steady with an occasional touch up. The draw, aroma, and flavor all speak to the top class this cigar falls into. I purchased this on sale, for the MSRP is above my pay grade. I am doing this review on the Forth Pose (Torpedo) and the first few I smoked out of the original box were so good I hurried up and bought a second box!"
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,Love the entire family,Love the entire family
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,4 out of 5,What can I say... only,"What can I say... only that I never had a bad cigar from them . I’m not a sweet flavored cigar guy , however Baby Jane has giving me hope in them . Quality smoke and will buy again ."
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,Thanks you,I love the sweet taste of Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co. Baby Jane wished I would have bought the Full Cigar next time thank you for your Awesome prices I would also like to try American Rabel
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,Great cigar!
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,Great cigar one of my,Great cigar one of my favorites drew brand cigars have been enjoying them with my evening bourbon
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,Dessert after dinner,"I love this line. Sweet with a little kick.. Good for after dinner, almost like dessert"
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,Very good cigar and timely,Very good cigar and timely shipping thanks
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,Great tasting sweet smokes,These are the only cigars I like to smoke. Nice sweet taste to them. Tried others but none that I've found matches the sweetness. Recommend
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,Fave,Always my fave smoke but now in a smaller quicker option. Love them.
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,Sweet Jane,"Smooth and sweet, great value!"
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,They are amazing,They are amazing
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,4 out of 5,Sweet fatty,Great flavored smoke
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,Great small cigar,Very good small cigar - smooth and mellow.
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,4 out of 5,Go to when you want infused,Nice maduro style infused cigar. Great construction and flavor. Not the biggest fan of infused smokes; these are subtle.
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,4 out of 5,Worth the price,Amazing infused cigar. Smaller in size but a slow burn. Not as spicy as the Sweet Jane line. More of a smooth maduro.
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,Totally surprised,I didn't know anything about this Drew Estate product and it's now my favorite! Smooth and sweet and perfect for anytime you want a satisfying smole.
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,Excellent,Delicious sweet flavor...highly recommended
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,Good smoke!,Good smoke!
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,BABY JANES !,"Great cigar for a quick social gathering, or while fishing ! And they taste just as good as the regular Jane's !"
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,"Smooth, mellow, satisfying","45 minute smoke, perfect on a hot Vegas night with a cold Stella or scotch & ginger. I've enjoyed it with Grand Marnier on the rocks as well. A light to medium smoke, the scent is aromatic and as a female smoker, I've shared it with male friends who've enjoyed it too!"
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,Great cigars.,Love these cigars.
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,Great cigars.,Great cigars.
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,The Best Fat Bottom Betty,Tried them and loved them. Great taste and draw !
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,Great stick,Great stick
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,"""Sweet little cigars""","My wife loves these little gems, always come ready to smoke from CI."
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,4 out of 5,Great smoke,Nice burn
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,4 out of 5,"Great box, add to your collection now!","I really enjoyed this box. The sweet infusion hints of a dark creme to coffee. Very consistent stick to stick. Middle is a buttery, leathery flavor. An easy light, with a simple torch. Will likely buy another box to keep around for those sweet moments."
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,Dope!,Great Flavor Smooth Taste. If you like the Crazy Alice you will love these Little Gems.
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,Fat Bottom oh ya!!!,now these have become my favorite very well build cigar
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,3 out of 5,I’ve had better,They are a little dried out. Hoping my humidor will moisten them back up.
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,Baby Jane,One the Best cigars and brand I've had there awesome!! Small but great for a quick 15 to 20 min smoke
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,Fat Bottom Bettye,One the Best cigars and brand I've had there awesome!!
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,It's a Good'un,"This one's a finger burner folks. I decided to try these a little while back and am I ever glad I did. My first impression of this cigar was that it reminded me of the original Java brand by Drew Estate. I don't really like that cigar because it was just too much of what makes it Java. But as I said, this only reminds me of Java. It's much less of that flavor and something else too but I don't do all of that notes of this and notes of that stuff, it's either bad or good to me and this one's just right for me. They've all been well made so far too. This is one I will order again, in fact I'm in the process right now!"
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,Sweet Jane is one of my gals!,Jane is sweet and she didn’t disappoint! She’s a mild smoke with a sweet flavor that’s not overpowering. When it comes to flavored cigars Drew Estate knows what it’s doing.
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,Betty is one of my new BFFs!,Betty didn’t disappoint! She’s a mild smoke with a sweet flavor that’s not overpowering. When it comes to flavored cigars Drew Estate knows what it’s doing.
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,Fat Bottom Betty,"The best cigar I've ever had. By far my favorite and go to. Its smooth all the way through, and it has a great flavor. 10/10 recommend these or any other by Deadwood Tobacco Co."
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,My Girl Sweet Jane,"So after trying Sweet Jane, It has become my favorite cigar. Now I only buy Sweet Jane in Box of 24 to enjoy and share with friends. I smoke other cigars and enjoy them, but its something about Sweet Jane that keeps me coming back. I guess you could say we are in a relationship. LOL! Give this girl a try. Stay Safe, Play Nice, Peace."
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,My Girl Sweet Jane,"So after trying Sweet Jane, It has become my favorite cigar. Now I only buy Sweet Jane in Box of 24 to enjoy and share with friends. I smoke other cigars and enjoy them, but its something about Sweet Jane that keeps me coming back. i guess you could say we are in a relationship. LOL! Give this girl a try. Stay Safe, Play Nice, Peace."
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,Good purchase,Truly appreciate this buy and the taste is great.
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,Better for short times,So good. Great when you only have a little time. Some times I don't have an hour to smoke a cigar.
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,4 out of 5,Sweet Jane,"Usually go with a milder cigar, but was surprised with the taste and flavor of the Sweet Jane cigar."
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,4 out of 5,These are good,I like to smoke these sticks when I have a short time to smoke. Very flavorful
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,My favorite drew estate cigar,"If a cigar was nectar from the gods this would be it, drew estate is The Patron when it comes to cigar artistry, the flavor, smells, and construction of this cigar is perfect"
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,Alice may be crazy but not Drew Estates!,"Love this little cigar, it is obviously a very unique cigar.
Its size is small but presentation, flavor and aroma are very BIG. You want 20 minutes of pure smoking pleasure, this one is for you."
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,Best little cigar,"If you need a nice little smoke with limited time , This is the cigar for you. Flavorful, sweet and bold. Hands down my goto for a quick cigar fix."
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,we have a winner!,awesome smoke you guys got try these !!
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,Like Tabak in some ways,Much like a Tabak in terms of sweetness and smoothness. Probably just as smooth but does seem lighter. I notice more coffee in Tabak styles whereas a Fat Bottom Betty seems less of that but just as delicious.
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,4 out of 5,Great stick,Great Cigar. Gentle sweetness & so smooth! Love it... By far one of my favorites...
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,3 out of 5,Good flavor. Little small but,Good flavor. Little small but decent for the price
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,5 out of 5,Good smoke!,Good smoke definitely worth the price. My only problem with these is they burn uneven.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,4 out of 5,Surprising,"For the price, these are great everyday cigars. I have tried all of the different varieties and all have been pleasant."
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,4 out of 5,DeToro,They were very smooth and satisfying
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,4 out of 5,Awesome smoke for the buck,"Awesome smoke for the buck
Have ordered 2 bundles and not a bad one in the bunch"
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,4 out of 5,Good for the price.,Good for the price.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,5 out of 5,Really good,Really good
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,5 out of 5,The Ice Man..,A very good stick at a good price. nice smooth flavor.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,4 out of 5,Very good cigars for the,Very good cigars for the money.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,5 out of 5,Good stuff,Good stuff
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,4 out of 5,Not a bad cigar,Was pleasantly surprised better cigar then I thought especially for that price
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,5 out of 5,Good good good,"Love these every day cigars. Good burn, well made, and taste good."
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,4 out of 5,Great smoke!,The entire Factory Smokes lines is a great bargain. Good construction and great taste for the price!
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,4 out of 5,Good smoke for the price.,Good smoke for the price.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,4 out of 5,Good cheap everyday,Good cheap everyday
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,These are a great Everyday smoke with a great taste to the end and burns even. And at a price that doesn’t break your wallet
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,5 out of 5,Best bang for the $,I smoke several cigars a day and this is my go to cigar. Yes I like more expensive cigars too but I only smoke them on occasion.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,4 out of 5,"Mistaken order, still good.",I thought I was ordering the Kuba knockoffs but these are not flavored. Still good smoke for the price.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,3 out of 5,They were okay.,They were okay.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,3 out of 5,economical and satisfying.,Budget priced and great service.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,5 out of 5,They do exactly what I,"They do exactly what I bought them for..... Their my yard, and garage smoke.... Besides I like Drew Estates products..... New Yorkers that are doing well in a crowed market!!"
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,5 out of 5,Best for price,"Though they are fumas, these cigars taste great, do not fall apart, smoke easy with no cigars packed too tightly, and you get 25 instead of 20 in a pack. I buy these often and will continue to do so. Try 'em out!"
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,5 out of 5,Great Every day smoke great,Great Every day smoke great price
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,4 out of 5,Not A Bad Smoke,"The cigars taste well, however the leaf wrapper is very dry causing the cigar to unfold."
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,5 out of 5,Great value smoke,"Not a complex flavor bomb, but really tasty for a knock around smoke. I got the Connecticut shade to have as a lighter option for the cigar bar at our wedding and am so impressed I’ll be keeping a supply of these in the humi!"
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,5 out of 5,everyday cigar,"Haven't had a bad one in a year, great cigar at any price."
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,4 out of 5,Factory smokes,Smokes well for the $$
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,5 out of 5,Get some of these!!,"An absolutely nice smoke. Incredible price. Great construction, smooth draw, good burn, nice mild flavors. Easily worth 2X the price."
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,5 out of 5,Excellent Everyday Smoke,"These are excellent for those of us who like to smoke everyday but don’t always want drop serious dough for those premium smokes. These have the body, flavor and Burn if a premium cigar without the price tag. I love these things!"
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,5 out of 5,Great price,"Even burn, very enjoyable with dark rum, Woodford and other bourbons neat of course!"
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,I really enjoy the DE factory smoke Churchill. It's a smooth mellow relaxing smoke.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,5 out of 5,Nice everyday smoke!,Nice everyday smoke!
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,4 out of 5,Easy on the pocket,very enjoyable daily smoker for my wife and me $
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,5 out of 5,Purchased the cigars in a package,Purchased the cigars in a package deal. I will be re-ordering
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,4 out of 5,surprisingly good for the money,surprisingly good for the money
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,4 out of 5,Good affordable smoke,Good affordable smoke
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,5 out of 5,Excellent Smoke...,Excellent Smoke...
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,4 out of 5,Good Cigar,A good cigar for the money; my new daily smoker. Like any economy line there are small issues like some unraveling and some slightly loose roll. For what you pay....these are a winner for a work cigar.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,5 out of 5,Cometh not to strong great,Cometh not to strong great
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,3 out of 5,Good cheap cigar,Good cheap cigar
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,3 out of 5,"Good cigars for the price,","Good cigars for the price, should have bought smaller quantity,"
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,3 out of 5,you get what you pay,you get what you pay for
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,4 out of 5,Quality control issues,"My default morning cigar.
Nice and smooth, at least an hour smoke. Some issues: a bit of variation in the batch on taste, cracking at either end. Some unraveling of the wrapper at the mouth end. I also noticed in this batch there's a air leak about 1/2-3/4"" down fron the mouth on every cigar that must be covered to draw. Looks like a machine mutilation, the holes are all shaped alike."
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,4 out of 5,Everyday cigar,"Factory Smokes are priced right to be a great every day, work in the yard cigar."
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,5 out of 5,Great Bargain!!,Smooth draw!!! Great price! Excellent value!!
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,4 out of 5,Everyday smokes,"Great and enjoyable everyday smoke, good for after work or when you want to spend some quick down time with a easy smooth draw smoke"
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,3 out of 5,Good throw down,"A good yard work cigar
the only thing is that it goes out a lot"
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,4 out of 5,Good Cigar,Definitely one to order again. Good flavor. Consistently wrapped. I’ve found it pairs well with a cup of coffee or cocktails. Good all around smoke.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,4 out of 5,Good Smoke,Not a bad everyday cigar.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,5 out of 5,Cheap thrill,Drew Estates doesn’t make junk! This is a good inexpensive well made clean burning smoke. Try it and get your money’s worth.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,5 out of 5,One of my top 2,One of my top 2 go-to and favs
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,5 out of 5,"Great Smoke, Great Price","Best ""Second"" I have found for every day smoking."
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,4 out of 5,Good cigar for the price,Good cigar for the price
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,4 out of 5,Nice Cigar,Another good everyday smoke
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,5 out of 5,Very good cigar for the,Very good cigar for the value
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,5 out of 5,Consistently great.,Consistently great.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,5 out of 5,"Cheap price, great quality","I've tried many low priced cigars, but never found quality and taste this good for this price."
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,5 out of 5,If you like maduro’s these,If you like maduro’s these are on par with any more expensive cigars. This cigar has a very nice heady smoke.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,4 out of 5,My husband likes it,My husband likes it
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,4 out of 5,A very good smoke,A very good smoke
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,5 out of 5,Smooth,Nice draw and smooth smoke ! Another great cigar from Drew Eatate
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,4 out of 5,Great Value Smoke,The quality you'd expect from Drew Estate at a great price.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,5 out of 5,Fantastic,"Quality smoke, can’t beat the price."
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,4 out of 5,Good deal,Great cigar for the money.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Stick For The Price,Great Stick For The Price
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,5 out of 5,Good smokes! sometimes they are,"Good smokes! sometimes they are dry, guess it depends on the quantity of recent orders."
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,5 out of 5,Great sticks,Full flavored and great draw. I love these. Toe tappers for sure.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,4 out of 5,"Strong, and burn great.","Strong, and burn great."
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Tobaccos,"Best I have smoked for the price. Rustic, good construction, great tobaccos"
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,4 out of 5,Not bad ! actually pretty,Not bad ! actually pretty good
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,4 out of 5,A decent smoke for the,A decent smoke for the money. Should be smoked outside because you will be spitting little pieces of filler as you get to the end.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,5 out of 5,Love these cigars,They are cheap and very good. My favorite cigar so far
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,4 out of 5,Thrifty.,"Nice smoke for the money. Great on the fly, yard work, daily smoke."
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,4 out of 5,Maduro,Great taste and refreshing.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Great cigar for the price
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,5 out of 5,Well done DE!,"Very impressive, affordable smoke. Apart from an occasional minor blemish or inconsistency in the maduro wrapper, I can think of nothing negative to comment on about this cigar. Consistently well constructed, even burn lines and producing clouds of thick, rich, billowing smoke. I would rank this cigar as medium-full flavor, not terribly complex, but interesting enough to be a daily smoker. While this cigar won't displace my favorite stick(s), that's really not the point. At this price and quality, I expect I'll be buying and smoking more of these than any other I've tried to-date. Well done, DE!"
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,5 out of 5,Great everyday stick.,"Love 'em. Consistant quality cigar, I haven't had a bad one yet. Great for a quick burn. I will definitely purchase these again. Chocolate, malt, bit of spice and thick flavorful smoke. Compliments Coffee, port and other semi sweet beverages. Cheers!"
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,5 out of 5,Best budget cigar!,"I've tried numerous budget cigars and this is definitely the best yet. Decent flavor, good even burn, good build quality, maybe a little smoky. The only thing negative is the second half of the cigar gets a little rough. But for the money, a winner for sure."
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smokes,"Burns even, nice draw, good taste. Great cigar for golf or an every day puff."
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,3 out of 5,Great Mower Gar,For $ it's hard to beat
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,5 out of 5,Pleasant Surprise,"I have never smoked an economy bundled cigar until I ordered this cigar and I have to honestly say I was more than pleasantly surprised by the quality, taste and consistency of this stick. This is now my go to cigar for yard work and hiking."
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,4 out of 5,Good Smoke for the price,Very happy with the flavor and consistency of the Factory Smoke. My only problem is when cutting to smoke the amount of filler slivers that have to be discarded while smoking. Overall a good cigar for the price.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,5 out of 5,You get what you pay for.,Greate 2 buck smoke...
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,5 out of 5,Good smoke at reasonable price,These are pretty good cigars. Good flavor is honest to the maduro name. Burns evenly with no troublesome canoeing or rat holes. I've tried them at a single sitting as well as re-lighting over an afternoon. Only preference would be for a tighter roll. This is just a personal thing.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,4 out of 5,Good everyday cigar. Good ash,Good everyday cigar. Good ash fine burn nice taste
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,5 out of 5,Helluva good smoke for the,Helluva good smoke for the price!
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,5 out of 5,A fantastic cigar. Smooth tasting,A fantastic cigar. Smooth tasting with hints of chocolate and nuts. The draw was smooth with a great burn . The cigar had a long ash and The flavor profiles remained all the way through the cigar. They are great and would highly recommend . Jonathan Drew would never make a bad cigar. Great cigar If you are on a budget and looking for great quality and a wonderful price point. Drew Estate always produces winners. Factory Smokes are right there as always.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,4 out of 5,Enjoyable Smoke,These are high quality smokes for the price.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,5 out of 5,Good deal,Best budget cigar on the market
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Everyday Smoke,Factory Smoke is good for quick or casual smoke...doesn't compare to other high end cigars but worth the price
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,5 out of 5,Maduro DE Toro,This is my everyday stick. It hits on all cylinders for me. Thanks for making these beauties affordable so I can keep my humidor stocked.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,3 out of 5,Good cigars,Good cigars
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,4 out of 5,Recommend,A good value cigar although you must moisten the wrapper to prevent unwrapping.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,4 out of 5,Jwh,Good everyday smoke for the money.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,5 out of 5,All around good smoke,"The price is great, burn well, taste amazing. All around enjoyable I will be ordering these again and again."
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,5 out of 5,Good daily smoke,Good daily smoke
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,4 out of 5,My go to daily smoke....,My go to daily smoke....
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,5 out of 5,great,great
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Pretty good for the price.,Pretty good for the price.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,5 out of 5,"Great cigars, great price.",Daily cigar time go-to. Alternate Churchills of these and Sweets. Just wish you could mix a bundle.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,4 out of 5,"Good smokes, good price","These are a great everyday stick and for the price, you can't lose."
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Great Value,If you smoke a lot this is a great go to cigar
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Best Everyday Cigar,"This is the best ""value"" cigar I have ever smoked. Great construction, burn, draw, and flavor. Can't tell much difference between the sun grown and maduro."
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Weekend Warrior Cigar,These are not a bad cigar for the money. Easy draw and even burn.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Good,Good
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,5 out of 5,great everyday smoke,this is my go to stick. great everyday smoke
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Bothering my cigars and paying for delivery and I don’t receive them,Three times I paid for delivery of cigars and I never received them for five days later very disappointed
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Drew Estate Smokes,I tried a sampler pack of DE cigars from CI about a year ago. Now they are my every day cigars. CI has a great supply and I get them about a week after ordering. Great price and great cigar.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Good buy,This is a short filler cigar. So the l60 ring gage is the Best Buy. It is has the best construction durability and flavor of the sun grown sizes. It’s a great cigar for working. It holds up well if you set it down and have to relight it often. Good cigar for the price.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,4 out of 5,"For an inexpensive cigar, not","For an inexpensive cigar, not a bad flavor and a nice even smoke."
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Good everyday smoke . Excellent,Good everyday smoke . Excellent price
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Good Choi,These are really good cigars for the price they stack up against more expensive cigars
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Everday Smoke,"Great everday smoke for the $$, keeping true to Drew Estates none for quality at any price. Goes well with a happy hour cocktail or evening walk.
StevieG"
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Good value everyday cigar,Good value everyday cigar
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Definitely quality sticks at a,Definitely quality sticks at a tasty price
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Good cigar for the price.,Good cigar for the price. Nice even burn.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Drew Estates Factory Smokes,"These are a fantastic smoke for the price point. Good flavor, well constructed and if you happen to drop it in the pool while doing your pool cleaning it's not the end of the world."
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,4 out of 5,It’s just OK very mild,It’s just OK very mild
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Consistent,"New smoke for me
I usually smoke Maduros but where on back order so I tried these and fully enjoy
Very consistent in all aspects
Great price
Good burn
Good drawl
Good taste"
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Great easy smoke,Good burn smoooth tatse
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Great smoke for the price,Very nice for the price
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,5 out of 5,I think the cigars are,I think the cigars are great they burn very nice and doesn’t get hot when you smoke it down
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,3 out of 5,Not a bad smoke a,Not a bad smoke a little bite to it but good
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Great company,Great everyday smoke for the price
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Great Smoke for a Reasonable Price,I tried this as a lark and was very pleased with the smoke. It smokes like a cigar twice it's price. I highly recommend trying these.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Good cigar,"this can't be beat for the price. Good build, good smoke. I alway keep a few bundles around for a daily smoke."
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Great cigar for the price,No better quality budget-cigar on the market.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,4 out of 5,GOOD SMOKE FOR THE $$$$$$$$$$,My daily smoke now.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,5 out of 5,factory smokes,I love them smooth and delightful..
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Good smoke,"Good smoke for the price. Expensive is not always better, will order again.
R"
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,3 out of 5,Decent smoke for the cost.,Decent daily smoke. Not too consistent with the draw.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,3 out of 5,A good weekday cigar,"Decent smoke for an “economy” cigar. A little light in the hand , but burns well and has good flavor . A good weekday cigar."
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Very smooth smoke. A great,Very smooth smoke. A great value stick
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Factory smokes sun grown,A good smoke and you can’t beat the price
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,5 out of 5,"Good smoke, great price.","Good smoke, great price."
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Nice everyday smoke,"Nice, smooth, seems a bit more full-bodied than advertised (fine by me!) Normally get the maduro version but they were out of stock (and so was I!). Happy with the purchase."
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Great!,"Tried these out on my last yard gar order and really liked them. I liked the maduro even better! I will probably keep at least one bundle of each around, especially if the price is right!"
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,3 out of 5,Great smokes for the price,They may not be Liga Privadas but for a bit over a buck a stick they are pretty good.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Awesome stick for the price,Great for an everyday smoke. Burns a little faster than I'd prefer but still a great value. No burn issues. I will definitely be ordering these again.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Cheap stick,Great for mowing the lawn and for when your feeling thrifty.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Very Good,"I'm always looking for a decent and cheap alternative to keep it interesting. I'd heard some good things about these so I grabbed a bundle of these and one of the maduro. The maduro was the better smoke, but these are great for what they were. Will probably get two bundles each, next time."
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Nice cigar for the price.,Nice cigar for the price. Burns a bit fast. I like them.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,3 out of 5,Not the best of the group,"Not as good as the Maduro or the sweet, but better than the Connecticut because of more flavor, about a quarter of the bundle had wrapper issues."
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Good smoke,"Good construction. Can’t beat the price for a good smoke. May need a few weeks in the humidor after shipment, but we’ll satisfied with draw, flavor & lots of smoke."
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Smoke 'um every night,"Im about to get low soon, better get another batch!"
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,5 out of 5,Very nice cigar,Love them!!
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,5 out of 5,Smooth. Smoke,Light sweet sweetness smooth smoke no harshness very gentle medium strength what are this many times over
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,5 out of 5,Top Notch,"Really like these, descent price, long lasting, sweet taste"
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,5 out of 5,Good smoke.,Good smoke definitely worth the price. Only problem is they burn uneven
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,4 out of 5,Good smoke for the money,Good smoke for the money
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,5 out of 5,Sweet!,Good tasting to the end.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,4 out of 5,Great flavor! Reminds me of,"Great flavor! Reminds me of another favorite of mine, ACID cigars."
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,5 out of 5,great taste and last long,great taste and last long to.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,4 out of 5,Great value!,Great value!
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,5 out of 5,nice,nice
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,5 out of 5,Great value,Great value
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,5 out of 5,Great easy smoke when you’re,Great easy smoke when you’re in the mood for some flavor but not the face punch of a boutique cigar.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,5 out of 5,1 of my less expensive,1 of my less expensive go too.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,4 out of 5,"Nice draw, enjoyable smoke, has","Nice draw, enjoyable smoke, has a bit of a harsh finish."
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,5 out of 5,Great smoke 👍🏻,Great smoke 👍🏻
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,4 out of 5,Burns even and smooth. Good,Burns even and smooth. Good flavor and aroma. Great deal for every day.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,5 out of 5,Factory Sweets,Somehow mis-read & was not expecting sweets. Normally I do not enjoy dipped or infused cigars. But these were ok - not really complaining.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,4 out of 5,Very enjoyable,"Even burning, sweet smoke."
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,4 out of 5,I really like the sweet,I really like the sweet cigars.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,3 out of 5,Best deal around,"Good smoke, smooth flavor for a great price."
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,5 out of 5,Very good cigar,Very good cigar and has a very strong sweet taste and cheap
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,5 out of 5,I’m having difficulty reordering.,I’m having difficulty reordering.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,4 out of 5,Good daily smoke,Good daily smoke
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,5 out of 5,Great Cigars,Great smoking cigars. Smokes better with whole puncher and not cutter. Aroma is very good and people love the smell.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,5 out of 5,Great smoke for the money.,Great smoke for the money.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,5 out of 5,Factory Smokes,A very smooth and tasty smoke. Leaves a very smooth taste.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"This cigar is smooth and it does not leave a heavy cigar smell on your breath, the sweet taste is just right."
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,5 out of 5,Awesome,Awesome
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,5 out of 5,Tops,Great everyday cigar would recommend to all thanks CI Phil Morphew
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,4 out of 5,A great desk with that Acid taste,A cheap version (not on quality) of an Acid! Can’t beat the bargain for a lil sweetness!
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,5 out of 5,great buy,great tast an dont brake the walet on price
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,5 out of 5,Nice!,Nice!
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,3 out of 5,A good yard smoke,I'm a heavy smoker whenever I'm in my shop or out in the yard and garden. These fill the bill being inexpensive and a fairly decent smoke. They are short filler and an uneven burning cigar but I can put up with that rather than burning a Partaga.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,4 out of 5,Quality and quantity,"These are great cigars for the money! I have no complaints what so ever.
If you need some cigars but don't want to break the bank, and would still like a quality cigar this is your option!"
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,5 out of 5,awesome cigar!,very smooth and sweet cigar. reminded alot of an acid blondie with just a hint of sweetness. was amazing. will def be buying again.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,4 out of 5,Enjoyable smoke,All of the Factory Smokes varieties are a great value. Drew Estate knows how to make quality cigars. These sweets have just the right amount of sweetness without being overwhelming.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,5 out of 5,Great toasty flavor.The sweet tip,Great toasty flavor.The sweet tip makes this a very enjoyable cigar. Excellent breakfast cigar!
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,5 out of 5,Very good for the price.,Very good for the price. Great for humidor stuffing!
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,5 out of 5,Drew Estate Factory Sweet.,My absolute favorite sweet cigar. Medium sweet cigar with great aroma and taste. If you're into sweet cigars. You can't go wrong with the factory sweet.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,5 out of 5,WONDERFUL,These are my favorites.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,5 out of 5,Good Sticks,These are very good sticks and cheap to. Nice every day smoke.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,4 out of 5,Nice,I bought these for my husband. He enjoyed them and said that he would buy them again
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,4 out of 5,first time use,"They need to be packed a little tighter and kept a bit more moist in storage, overall a pretty good smoke."
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,5 out of 5,Factory Smokes Sweets,"My husband says these are smooth smoking and burn evenly, and he really likes the sweet flavor."
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,5 out of 5,Great every day cigar,Nice mellow draw without any bitterness. End of the day enjoyment at its best.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,4 out of 5,Good everyday cigar,Good everyday cigar
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,4 out of 5,Nice every day cigar,Nice every day cigar
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,4 out of 5,Sweet stuff,"These have become my go-to smoke. Working the grill, coffee break at work, gifting to new smokers. I've always got a Factory Smoke handy and the Sweet is my favorite. Great with my Irish whiskey or just a glass of water. Smooth draw, pleasant taste and decent construction. My sole complaint is a tendency to canoe if you don't light it precisely. It canoes way more easily than anything else I've ever smoked. Otherwise I'll continue to go thru bundles and bundles of these bad boys."
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,5 out of 5,"Great Churchill, nice smoke","Enjoyed these very much. Sweet flavor, mellow and nice burn. Plus great stick for the price. Will definitely order again. Am an Isla del Sole fan & since Drew Estate makes these I figured I'd try. Happy I took a chance!"
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,5 out of 5,Factory sweets,These cigars have been my favorites just the right amount of sweetness. I have one to relax with a glass of wine in the evenings.
Drew Estate Florida Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Drew Estate FSG,Excellent cigar! I will definitely buy this again.
Drew Estate Florida Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar!,"I prefer this Toro over the box pressed Toro. They are different. Great smoke, draw, flavor, enjoy!"
Drew Estate Florida Sun Grown,5 out of 5,On my rotation,"Friend of mine brought me an FSG from from his R&R in Miami, maaan I fell in love with this smoke, I was pleasantly surprised by this Florida grown tabaco so much that is now on my rotation."
Drew Estate Florida Sun Grown,5 out of 5,This cigar had it all.,"This cigar had it all. Flavor, draw, burning duration right to the very end."
Drew Estate Florida Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Another knockout by Drew Estate,Like always with Drew Estate worth every penny. Try it yourself none will be disappointed.
Drew Estate Florida Sun Grown,5 out of 5,THESE SHOULD BE RATED 94!,"These cigars have been the best I have ever had, just wanted to start off with that because I can't believe Cigar Aficionado rated them below 93! I let these sit in the humi sealed for close to a year (8 months) and my mind and taste buds were blown away! In all my years of cigars, I would rate this a solid 94 and a MUST HAVE! but you have to let them sit and wait!"
Drew Estate Florida Sun Grown,4 out of 5,smooth,smooth cooling finish.
Drew Estate Florida Sun Grown,5 out of 5,GET Drew Estate,Very good smoke. Nice slow burn.
Drew Estate Florida Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Excellent daily smoke,"Drew Estate has a rich history of putting out high quality cigars in my house, and with FSG they have hit another home run. I like the 60 rg size. It draws very well and smokes like a campfire. The Brazilian wrapper makes for a great flavor. I especially enjoy one with a glass of my favorite bourbon."
Drew Estate Florida Sun Grown,5 out of 5,florida home grown...,"Great feel, smell, taste, ash, and a lot of smoke."
Drew Estate Florida Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Cigar Aficionado top 25,"This cigar is headed for some major recognition. WOW!! What a great blend, with some of the first grown Florida Tobacco in years. Jeff Borysiewicz  and Jonathan Drew have nailed this one. Great smoke , Thanks giys."
Drew Estate Florida Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Good cigar.,Good cigar.
Drew Estate Florida Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Great smoke,The cigar was great right out of the box. It’s a great looking stick. The construction is top-notch. The draw is excellent it’s medium bodied and the flavor is fantastic
Drew Estate Florida Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Amazing Smoke,I believe that this tobacco is going to revolutionize the cigar industry. It is such an smooth and easy to smoke cigar.
Drew Estate Florida Sun Grown,5 out of 5,On my third box!,"I'm on my third box! This is quickly become one of my favorite cigars. Real smooth, typical of Johnathan and Willy."
Drew Estate Florida Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Earthy greatness,Earthy greatness
Drew Estate Florida Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Florida Sungrown,"Actually, the one I smoked early (I usually let some sit for a couple of months) was excellent in construction with an even burn and a long (half the robusto) ash. The early smoke was nicely flavored on the full side and never for the length of the cigar harsh in any way. Very smooth and pleasant. I’m impressed and Willy never fails — in my experience."
Drew Estate Florida Sun Grown,5 out of 5,full body smoke,As usual anything attached to Drew Estate smokes like a chimney and draws great. Perfect construction accents full body flavors with sweet orange citrus oaky finish initially and settles to a sweet cream about half way down. The strength amped up towards the final third but great full body flavors with thick and creamy smoke.
Drew Estate Florida Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Awesome,Great smooth smoke from beginning to end!
Drew Estate Florida Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Delivery service improvement,This is a very good cigar but the delivery service is terrible! It should not take 8 days to get a box of cigars!!
Drew Estate Florida Sun Grown,5 out of 5,A must,Well balanced smoke that is a joy and a must for those who want a great cigar.
Drew Estate Frenchies,4 out of 5,Good little smoke,"These are nice but, for the price, there should be 20 per pack..."
Drew Estate Frenchies,5 out of 5,Nice for a quick stick,Nice for a quick stick
Drew Estate Frenchies,5 out of 5,Nice a quick stick,Nice a quick stick
Drew Estate Frenchies,5 out of 5,I’m glad I found this,I’m glad I found this for a short quick fix!!!
Drew Estate Frenchies,5 out of 5,"Absolutely, Positively, 100% Solid Smoking Experience Here.....!","These, by far, have probably been one of the best cigarillos smoking experiences of my life! If you've ever tried the Acid C-notes, they are almost the same thing with a little less strong of a flavor. These and the Tabak cigarillos are hands down some of the best in the business. The Acid tobacco is infamous for its ""aromatic infusing"" technique and they have a tiny bit of a sweet dipping on the end. I would characterize the flavor as an almost ""incense"" flavored herbal infusing. I do not associate with anything herbal infused, or essential oils, or anything like that. I'm as moderate as they come. These, however, are perfect, perfect I tell you! If you need a quick 12 minute smoke, here's your thang. If you need to smoke something but do not want to bust out an hour long smoke, here's your thang! Buy these and you will not be disappointed I promise."
Drew Estate Frenchies,5 out of 5,Amazing quick smoke,The flavors and aromas are amazing
Drew Estate Frenchies,4 out of 5,Really good for people that,"Really good for people that don’t want something as sweet as a c note, not my favorite but still good!"
Drew Estate Frenchies,5 out of 5,Why haven't you bought these already?!,"Did the preorder and man am I blown away. Great construction, true tabak flavor and great price. Be aware though they burn fast and you might catch yourself chain smoking these things."
Drew Estate Herrera Esteli Brazilian Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"Great cigar, love the san andreas maduro wrapper. Smells great and smokes even better!"
Drew Estate Herrera Esteli Habano,4 out of 5,Love this stick! Have smoked,Love this stick! Have smoked them since released.
Drew Estate Herrera Esteli Habano,5 out of 5,I have been a fan,"I have been a fan of the Habano in the figurado vitola for a few years and the Lonsdale, whenever that size is available. When the Limited Edition was introduced I bought a box, and the cigars were so enjoyable I bought two more boxes. Hits all the scoring points for aroma, taste, even burn, and easy draw."
Drew Estate Herrera Esteli Miami,4 out of 5,Herrera Esteli Miami,It's a really smooth draw with hints raisins blk cherries and figs
Drew Estate Herrera Esteli Norteno,5 out of 5,One of my favorite cigars,Great smoke with great flavor
Drew Estate Herrera Esteli Norteno,5 out of 5,Norteno Toro,"My go to cigar, always burns well....... smooth but full bodied, cocoa and a bit of pepper. Disappointed that they arent box pressed anymore though"
Drew Estate Herrera Esteli Norteno,5 out of 5,Wonderful cigar!,Smooth smoke with flavors of earth and cocoa. One of my new favorites!
Drew Estate Herrera Esteli Norteno,5 out of 5,Norteno,I bought this 5 pack and it was a very good cigar. smoked my last one and ordered two boxes with the free cigars.this is a bold cigar with plenty of flavors.this is my go to cigar.also I want to thank all the people at CI for they're excellent work. I've always got my cigars on time and in great condition.
Drew Estate Herrera Esteli Norteno,5 out of 5,Best cigar ever!!,"This is the best cigar I have ever smoked. Razor sharp burn, perfect draw, and a flavor profile that suits my palate perfectly. I'd go far enough to rank it better than any other high end stick I've had. That includes the L.P. T52, No.9, Dirty Rat, L40, Padron 64 anny, and much more. Try it out. You won't be disappointed!"
Drew Estate Herrera Esteli Norteno,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"Incredible stick! Excellent flavor and draw. Get the robusto. I wouldn't recommend the corona like I got. gets too hot, and this stick you want to last longer anyway!"
Drew Estate Herrera Esteli Norteno,5 out of 5,Nat Buzzone,"The Drew Estate Norteno Fino was everything I expected. Excellent, full bodied and the finish was delicious. I did not want to put the cigar out, perfect smoke! Drw Estate hit in on the nose again, I am also a big fan of the Herrera Esteli."
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,Cigar review,Great cigars. All my friends smoke this brand of cigars.
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"I have smoked many different brands, by far this has been the best."
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"I like a little sweeter cigar. IdS really delivers. The flavor and aroma are tremendous. The consistency is always a smooth, easy draw, with an even burn throughout. A real pleasure to smoke at the end of the day."
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,Good cigar,Very goog cigar
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,excellent cigars,excellet
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,Excellent cigars,Excellent for the price
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,All time everyday smoke. A,All time everyday smoke. A must have.
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,Isla’s,"Always loved them, nice flavor, right size and smooth. I think they re getting a little pricey for what they are but they are good."
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,Mild consistent flavorful. My favorite,Mild consistent flavorful. My favorite
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,"A good cigar 4 the money, more constant than more expensive brands..Doesn't always burn properly but a minor issue..",c above
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"This is a great cigar, plenty of flavor along with a very smooth finish. One of my favorites by far!"
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,4 out of 5,Flavor,Not a bad smoke after a big meal.
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,Possibly new favorite,"Have had them before, but not being able to get my favorite CuAvava naturals this might now be my go to everyday cigar."
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,Buy for husband,I can’t give a rating I order cigars for my husband
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,Isla del Sol,Smoooooth
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,Isla del Sol,Nice mild cigar. Just the right length and gauge.
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,Enjoy these cigars from start,Enjoy these cigars from start to finish. They have a great taste yet mild to the draw. These are my go to cigars if all cigars!
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,Great taste and superior value,You can’t go wrong with is this stick. I have shared them with light smokers and those who prefer full flavor and both throughly enjoy them.
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,I tried these and I,I tried these and I really liked them. Very smooth
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,4 out of 5,Love the flavor. And the,Love the flavor. And the price. Great everyday stick
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,"Light, smooth & flavorful. Tried","Light, smooth & flavorful. Tried knockoffs & there was no comparison. Will stick with the real thing going foreword."
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,"Very sweet, mild flavored smoke","Very sweet, mild flavored smoke"
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,4 out of 5,Flavor,"really smooth.
Good stick."
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,my go to cigar,What can I say about these. Outstanding in every way. Not the most expensive but the quality is there. Love 'em
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,Great for a short smoke,Great for a short smoke and very satisfying!
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,Very Pleased,"This is the 2nd box of Isla I've bought and could not be more pleased. The cigars are fresh, packed well and arrived when promised."
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,4 out of 5,Tastefully smooth,"One of my favorite go to cigars. Sweet start and a smooth, mildly rich finish."
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,Perfections,This cigar is the perfect end of the day for me. It burns evenly and is an easy draw. It also compliments my Makers Mark. It doesn’t get any better than this 😁
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,Taste of home while deployed,I enjoy this flavorful cigar every morning with my coffee while sitting on the roof watching the sun rise over the Hindu Kush mountains
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,4 out of 5,Quick,"Not to bad for a quick smoke. I could do without the sweet tip. Don't get excited, this 10 pack only comes in a paper not a tin box."
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,Great Smoke!,"Great smoke! Smooth, slight flavor, easy draw. Probably my favorite cigar."
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,Best cigar!,All I can say is “it is the only cigar that I smoke!”.
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Love them as an alternative to the Clean Robusto of Drew Estates.
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,4 out of 5,Just enough flavor,"I'm not a huge flavored cigar Guy but Isla del Sol has jast enough flavor to make it really enjoyable.
Mike"
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,4 out of 5,good cigars,good for the price!!!!
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,Great stick,"A friend game me one of these to try, I immediely fell in love with it, had to order my own. Great stick!"
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,Good Stuff,Really smooth and creamy chocolate smoke. Great down to the nub! Tastes like Swiss miss hot chocolate.
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,4 out of 5,Great Smoke With A Few Challenges,"Now for flavor these cigars get a 5 out of 5. The issues I have had with many of the sizes is that the wrap tends to crack and split and sometimes flake off. The ends tend to be fragile and I have ruined some even with a brand new cutter. I have made several orders and this tends to be the norm. They seem to be fragile cigars. Truth be told the best way I have found to smoke them is by puncturing the end with a toothpick in 3 to 5 spots, amazing draw without ruining the end. They burn fairly quickly which is to be expected as it is not a tightly wrapped cigar. Now should you not ruin the end and get a good light, it will be one of the best cigars you have ever had. Think of these as the upscale luxury version of Trader Jacks (with way better draw)."
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,3 out of 5,isla del Sol churchill,"If you like a flavored cigar it’s ok. Too sweet on the tongue for
My taste. Prefer a non flavored cigar. Good draw, very sweet taste"
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,Always in my humidor,"Infused cigars are my go to smoke and Isla Del Sol are one of my guaranteed go to cigars. Been buying these for about 3 years now and the quality and flavor are always consistently top tier. If you’re in the market for a smooth, light, infused smoke with an amazing fragrance, this should be in your humidor."
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,Love it,Very good 👍
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,service and quality,I have purchased the Toro Isla del Sol by Drew Estate for several years . Although the price continues to increase it is still the best cigar for the price that I have ever smoked. The quality and service is exceptional.
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,Great buy!,I was introduced to these cigarillos about a year ago and have not stopped re-upping my supply! Great quick smoke if you don’t have time to smoke a full cigar. Sweet and light!
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,Drew E state,I give these a size star up they are great nice school mellow taste good have a nice slow burn time as ball would order again thank you
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,4 out of 5,Tasty little smoke,"It's a nice little cigar if your just wanting to have a quality smoke, a good beer, and chill in the back yard."
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,Excellent tast,Excellent tast
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,Excellent taste,Excellent taste
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,Kuba who?,"I was skeptical when we got these at the cigar bar. They were out of Kuba Kuba and I was told these were the “cheaper” version. Still made by Drew Estate. I have to say, I’m a fan now. Burns great, subtle coffee and not too sweet of a tip. These will be a staple in my humidor."
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,4 out of 5,Light but full of flavor,"You can definitely taste the coffee especially with the sweet tip. While smooth, not as smooth as a Tabak or Fat Bottom Betty, both being tremendously smooth and delicious. This one is great for the price and burns evenly. Great budget cigar and perfect for a budget gift as well. For days you really want to end the day perfectly, move to Tabak or Betty but this one is not bad."
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,Consistently good budget cigar,Definitely box Worthy And if you ask me. The best budget stick. Non compare The gran Cronin is the best size if you ask me. And they are always consistent.
Drew Estate Larutan,4 out of 5,Sweerness,This is a loosely rolled cigar. Descent smoke if your into flavors.
Drew Estate Larutan,3 out of 5,Ok,They were ok but not really to my taste! I always try different sticks an sometimes you get this!
Drew Estate Larutan,5 out of 5,Great cigar for a quick smoke,These little guys are great when I want to get a quick smoke in. Flavorful and short 20/30 min burn Time.
Drew Estate Larutan,5 out of 5,Great flavor,"It is sweet, but it is a great flavor! I will definitely be buying more of these."
Drew Estate Larutan,5 out of 5,MMM mellow-medium-maduro,"Absolutely purchased this little gem out of curiosity but was pleasantly surprised. It has everything you would expect out of a maduro spice, leather & cedar but this cigar also boasts foot smoke that smells of dark chocolate."
Drew Estate Larutan,5 out of 5,Favorite cigar,Must try.
Drew Estate Larutan,4 out of 5,Fast convenient and a great,Fast convenient and a great value!
Drew Estate Larutan,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Smooth creamy mellow
Drew Estate Larutan,4 out of 5,Nice and smooth taste,Nice and smooth taste
Drew Estate Larutan,5 out of 5,Goto for those short on,"Goto for those short on time. Sweet, smooth, and tasty."
Drew Estate Larutan,4 out of 5,nice a little,good to repeat
Drew Estate Larutan,5 out of 5,My Favorite!!!,My favorite cigar!!!!
Drew Estate Larutan,5 out of 5,Second best flavored,Second best flavored
Drew Estate Larutan,5 out of 5,My DE favorite...,What a girl that Lucy is... Outstanding flavor.
Drew Estate Larutan,5 out of 5,"My favorite, go-to cigar","My favorite, go-to cigar"
Drew Estate Larutan,5 out of 5,The Natural,Good cigars and great service
Drew Estate Larutan,5 out of 5,Sheridan,Great taste. Nice smell
Drew Estate Larutan,4 out of 5,Nice little smoke,I really like the taste of these. My only complaint is that the cigar usually starts to fall apart towards the end of smoking it.
Drew Estate Larutan,4 out of 5,"Read it, its a small cigar!!!!",Good smoke as a quick break in the day. These babies are small!!!!!
Drew Estate Larutan,4 out of 5,DE,They were definitely a little dry. But overall great smoke.
Drew Estate Larutan,5 out of 5,These are my favorites,"I love the Drew Estate line of cigars. Always love the natural series, and the Acid series. These are a medium bodied cigar with chocolate overtones. These are definitely my favorites, I’ve purchased several boxes of them over the last couple years."
Drew Estate Larutan,5 out of 5,Sweet smoke,"Bold yet mild, a true flavor cigar easy and enjoyable to smoke. Good draw, taste and stays lit until the end."
Drew Estate Larutan,5 out of 5,Great cigar,These are great cigars. Good burn good smoke all around great cigar. I definitely purchase again.
Drew Estate Larutan,5 out of 5,so far so good,Just started using CI. Delivery takes a bit . but so far product is good .
Drew Estate Larutan,5 out of 5,Good Smoke,liked the smoke
Drew Estate Larutan,4 out of 5,Dirt torp,More sweet than dirty!
Drew Estate Larutan,5 out of 5,Smooth Sweet Smoke,"Very smooth, chocolate sweet. Good for a day in the field."
Drew Estate Larutan,3 out of 5,Drew Estate Larutan Big Dirt,Just o.k.-Not my favorite
Drew Estate Larutan,5 out of 5,Drew's review,"As usual, the cigars are quality"
Drew Estate Larutan,5 out of 5,One hell of a good smoke!,"I didnt know what to expect but i thought let me give it a try after all it is by Drew Estate, live the wonder flavor that it leaves in my mouth, i got a good smoke and it burned nice and even. Definitely adding to my top 10 list."
Drew Estate Larutan,5 out of 5,Sweeet,Good even burn and has a sweet touch. Another great buy from drew estate.
Drew Estate Larutan,5 out of 5,Always fresh and flavorful,These cigars are always very fresh and full of flavor. I was looking for a replacement to my discontinued Kahluas and I definitely found them.
Drew Estate Larutan,5 out of 5,Favorite cigar,"I don’t always like sweet cigars but when I do this is my all time favorite, always keep a few in the box"
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,5 out of 5,One of the best cigars,One of the best cigars out there!
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,4 out of 5,Drew Estate Irish Hops,Not a bad smoke bought a box of 24 on offer for just under a $100 bucks a good hour smoke with a very slight flavor most burnt well I would describe as medium strength would buy them again
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,5 out of 5,Tasty!,"Nice infused smoke, these and Isla Del Sols are great."
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,5 out of 5,My favorite,My favorite
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Go to with a cup of coffee. Once in awhile you get a tight draw one. Really like this one.
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,5 out of 5,new to me,"Surprising smooth. Start to finish, an excellent cigar"
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,5 out of 5,Lucky Charms,Smell and taste like lucky charms cereal. Nice sweetness and even burn!
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,4 out of 5,Nice taste,Nice taste
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,5 out of 5,Great breakfast or morning cigar,excellent construction and smoke. Flavor is awesome - I keep a good supply of these.
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,5 out of 5,Favorite Five,One of my top favorites...quality with just enough sweetness to satisfy...
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,5 out of 5,One of my new favorites!!!,"If you like infused this ones a daisy!! Super smooth, creamy and a long smoke."
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,5 out of 5,Not all that surprising,"I ordered a box to try them...as soon as I did, I ordered two more boxes halfway through the first smoke."
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,5 out of 5,The Irish is neck and,The Irish is neck and neck with the English.
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,5 out of 5,Irish Hops Desert After a Fine Meal,"I like to enjoy an Irish Hops after a fine meal. It's sweet tip, great tobacco, fine aroma make it the ultimate cigar for smoking after enjoying almost any kind of meal. The tobacco blend is phenomenal, never harsh all the way to the end. The construction is consistently very good to excellent. It always lights perfectly and remains enjoyable to the very end. TBH I only put it out when my fingers start to burn - it never turns bitter even to the end. This cigar lasts about an hour, so it's great to smoke with a friend and carrying on a good conversation. Try one and see for yourself."
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,5 out of 5,A great pick me up stick!,"This stick is great paired with your favorite cup of Joe! Nice even ash, a well balanced, smooth draw!"
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,5 out of 5,Can't Miss,"A Go-to Cigar, for any time!"
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,5 out of 5,great cigar,"Great cigar sweet nice slow burn great to the finish, think I found my favorite!"
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,5 out of 5,saturday morning stick,"best morning cigar to pair with coffee. this is my saturday morning stick. smooth draw, flavor is great and keeps an even burn all the way through."
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,5 out of 5,Best,Best
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,5 out of 5,.y Goto Cigar,"Have tried numerous cigars, These are top of the line for me Burns even,Stays lite will order again soon"
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,5 out of 5,Infusion at its best,"I just received these from the post and smoked one. These are amazing great taste , even burn , great draw, wonderful aroma, fantastic price, and a five pack sampler. Drew Estate is my favorite so far all there products have bee top notch."
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,5 out of 5,What a deal!,I bought a ten pack of the regulars and I love them so I bought a box of the Irish hops if they are as they are reviewed I'll keep them in my humidors rotation you can not beat the price for twenty-four premo cigars and I got a sampler five pack of drew estates with my order keep them coming CI
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,5 out of 5,I dont usually do reviews but...,"I recieved one of these in the CI gourmet infused sampler and I've only been smoking it for about 5 mins and I'm already blown away! It burns so evenly and you get a good bit of smoke in every hit so they're packed perfectly. Not too loose, not too tight. The flavor is so rich! I dont write reviews but this is definately in my top 3 cigars period!"
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,5 out of 5,favorite,Love the smooth rich taste. This is by far my most favorite cigar. Even the wife likes the taste.
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,5 out of 5,Pleasantly Surprised,"I never would have tried it based on the name. However, I received a Drew sample pack with it. It's now one of my favorites. Great construction sweet, smooth and creamy."
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Burns even and stays lit without having to re-light. Great tasting cigar. Another great product by Drew.
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,5 out of 5,Excellent!,So Good. In my top 5 rotation now.
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,4 out of 5,Don't miss this one!,Smooth with a pleasing sweetness. Now one of my favorites!
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,5 out of 5,Irish Hops Review,"If you are looking for a sweet great tasting cigar, look no further. This is by far my favorite infused cigar. I have probably smoked more than a thousand of them. No joke."
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,4 out of 5,My wife likes the aroma,My wife likes the aroma of the Irish Hops so that makes our golf game a little more enjoyable.
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,5 out of 5,Love the flavor of this,Love the flavor of this cigar. My favorite go-to cigar.
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,5 out of 5,Great cigars,"Love the taste, very pleasant. I highly recommend them"
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,5 out of 5,Cigars,"Great cigar, taste great and smooth! I will be buying a lot more!"
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,5 out of 5,I did this Good smok,"I did this
Good smok burned even little burn good taste"
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,5 out of 5,"Nice, Mellow & Smooth Smoke","I think this is one of the best cigars in the Larutan / Natural line up! Its nice, mellow, smooth and sweet smoke! I keep these stocked in my humidor."
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,In my opinion it's the best of the Larutan/Natural line.
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,5 out of 5,My favorite,ENJOY!
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,5 out of 5,Irish hops,Excellent. You need to restock bandidos
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Pimp Sticks,5 out of 5,DE does it again,Excellent stick. No complaints so far from my husband. Everything noted is tasted. He’s had two so far and even right out of the wrapper the first one was awesome. The second was in the humidifier about a week and just as good. It’s awesome when a cigar can taste that good without having to sit in your humidifier.
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Pimp Sticks,5 out of 5,Larutan Pimp sticks Very Nice.,Great Smoke!
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Pimp Sticks,5 out of 5,"burns well, flavourful, one of","burns well, flavourful, one of my favs"
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Pimp Sticks,4 out of 5,"Like them. Mild, easy draw,","Like them. Mild, easy draw, pleasant aroma"
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Pimp Sticks,5 out of 5,Good 30min smoke,"This cigar is not infused like Acids but has a similar taste. Like a subtle Acid taste without any sweetened cap. It does have a little spice or pepper kick in it which is very nice. Still a medium at most bodies cigar. The standard out factor with this cigar is that it’s fast burning. I’ve smoked many Drew Estate cigars, this one is the quickest. It’s a 30min smoke which can be nice, I’m not always looking to spend an hour outside."
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Pimp Sticks,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,I'm a big Drew Estate fan and this is one of the best I have had....highly recommend..
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Pimp Sticks,4 out of 5,Not as sweet as Irish Hops and some others,"I like the blend, shape, size, and feel....a bit more sweet would be nice, but they are good for a change of pace and for sitting out in the backyard and taking a hour or so from life with a good craft beer. This box will last into next Summer {don't smoke outdoors as much in the winter, and I don't some in the house} so it will be interesting to see how I mix these in with the Irish Hops, and related Drew Estate Acids in my Humidor....that usually tells me how much I really like them, by how fast they disappear."
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Pimp Sticks,5 out of 5,Natural’s,These cigars are one of my favorite go-to smokes. Very satisfying and not overpowering!!!
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Pimp Sticks,5 out of 5,I'm an amateur cigar smoker,"I'm an amateur cigar smoker at best, but these are one of my favorites. Most of the time I like a stronger cigar, but these sweet and mild sticks hit the spot. Easy smoke, lights easy, burns evenly."
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,4 out of 5,Great,Nice smoke 👍
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,5 out of 5,Great things come in small packages,My favorite. A quick delicious smoke. Great draw. Just a perfect 15 min cigar.
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,5 out of 5,Liga satisfaction,I'm so glad that Drew Estate makes the Liga Coronets. They are excellent smoke and perfect for when you don't have time to smoke a full cigar.
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,5 out of 5,Great cigars,Great cigars
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,4 out of 5,Good little cigar.,Good little cigar.
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,5 out of 5,A Wow Cigar!,A wow cigar that will become a regular in my humidor. I smoked my first one last night until it was burning my lips.
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,5 out of 5,Fantastic flavor,"If you have never enjoyed a Liga Privada #9, you have been missing out. This is a smoke filled with flavor, full-bodied without ever getting harsh...and the tubo is the best of them all."
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,5 out of 5,Fantastic choice for when time,Fantastic choice for when time is limited
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,4 out of 5,Perfect when short on time.,"In my line of work, you may get 15 minutes to smoke max. These little guys are great for short time but long great flavor."
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,3 out of 5,Good For What They Are...,"These small cigars are pretty decent. Nowhere close to the quality of the full-sized, but I had no expectation that they would be.
The slightly bigger and pricier Pequenos by Cohiba are far superior, in my opinion."
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,5 out of 5,Almost identical to the regular sizes,"One of my favorite cigarillos. Flavor is there, full body. Almost identical for the bigger versions."
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,5 out of 5,Pricey but good,This is the best cigar Drew Estate makes! Although the price has gotten a little ridiculous I would still recommend this cigar
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,4 out of 5,No.9,Excellent cigar in a small pack!
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,5 out of 5,My New Favorite,I picked up a Robusto single at my local shop and gave it a try. So far I have to say this is my favorite. Nice burn & ash with only one touch up towards the end. Detected the chocolate and pepper hints but being a new smoker I don’t always taste the flavors people say they get. About a 1.5 hr smoke for me drawing about twice per minute. Will definitely be adding some of these to my inventory
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,5 out of 5,Ligament Privada #9,Great price and great cigar. Very complex and always consistent.
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,5 out of 5,Liga #9,"Love them, I’ve smoked a lot of cigars and I wasn’t a big fan of heavy Maduro’s, man did that change after I smoked a sampler of Liga #9. As soon as they were back in stock I ordered my first box and it won’t be my last."
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,5 out of 5,Liga 9 robusto,"I bought a box and stayed objectively,good burn, perfect draw,rich and smooth creamy smoke,age tobbacoo flavor,dark coffee sweet notes,i use 1926 padrons as my benchmark and these are right up there,not as strong though, but that could be a good thing,overall everytime i smoke one i always think there Unbeilevable... Im not a liga 9 fanboy,youll have to take my word..."
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,5 out of 5,The best on the market,Certainly one of the finest cigars I have ever had! Superb!
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,4 out of 5,Great taste,Good cigar for not alot of time to smoke. Tastes great and yet the price is a little steep on these boys. They are worth the money.
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,4 out of 5,Very Good cigar. Just not,Very Good cigar. Just not big enough
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,5 out of 5,#9 the best,This is by far the best stick I have ever enjoyed
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,5 out of 5,"Great, smooth tasting stick! My","Great, smooth tasting stick! My buddies and I enjoyed them this weekend at our college Homecoming! We were the envy of the crowd!"
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,5 out of 5,Outstanding Smoke,Outstanding Smoke
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,4 out of 5,Liga Privada,Good from beginning to end. My wife hid them from me so I don’t smoke them all too fast. I’ll miss her.
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,5 out of 5,The most enjoyable cigar I,The most enjoyable cigar I have ever smoked.
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,5 out of 5,No. 9 Flying Pig,Best I've had in a while………..
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,4 out of 5,great full smoke,great full smoke
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,5 out of 5,Liga Privada No 9,Liga Privada No 9 is the finest cigar I have ever smoked. I only wish you had more inventory.
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,4 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,2 out of 5,Too small of a cigar,Too small of a cigar
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,5 out of 5,Best around !,"Great smoke ! Even burn ! Nice drawl ! This cigar has an earthy , leathery, pepper taste on more of the full flavor side. Its probably my favorite go to cigars!!!!"
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,3 out of 5,Size is not right,The perfect size in my eyes is 6 by 60. That is why I think these are not 10 stars
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,5 out of 5,Speechless!!! :-),The Liga No. ( is one of my top 5 favorite sticks of all time! Drew Estate has miraculously made it even better! Way to go!!!
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,5 out of 5,Great smoke. Definitely recommend,Great smoke. Definitely recommend
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,5 out of 5,Love them,Love them
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,5 out of 5,Liga Pravada,Still the best non Cuban Cigar ever.
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,5 out of 5,Maybe the best small smoke I've ever had.,"Since the beginning, I've adored the Liga Privada No 9. As everyone is aware, they are now very hard to obtain; and quite pricey. Now available in the smaller size, they are the absolute best when you don't have an hour or 90 minutes to invest. Talk about concentrated quality. This is the most intensely flavorful 30 minutes you'll likely ever have."
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,5 out of 5,Must buy cigar of all time.,One of the finest smoke I ever smoked. best strong aroma and smooth draw.
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,5 out of 5,My Review on No. 9,"After reading a few of the reviews I opted to pickup a fiver' (robusto) and I'm very glad I did. The sticks arrived today after being on backorder. Couldn't wait another minute had to light up. I've smoked some of the other DE products and I was impressed although I'm not much on flavored sticks. A double cap, with a beautiful dark brown wrapper and firm pack. Beautiful seams. I used a V cut. The band came off without tearing the wrapper. On the nose before lighting I can pick up a rich tobacco smell. Pre-light draw was for me ""Goldie Locks"", not to tight and not too loose. Yep, just right for me. About an inch into the stick and it's burning very evenly with a light tight ash and plenty of smoke output. I put the smoke down and returned after four minutes and it was like I never walked away....just the way I like. I paired the stick with Buchanan's Deluxe 12 year blended scotch. Ran out of scotch and switched to Diplomatico Reserva Exclusiva rum. The flavor profile remained the same through out. Overall, delicious. Glad I tried these sticks."
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar. Highly recommend,Excellent cigar. Highly recommend
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,4 out of 5,An even better No. 9,"A beautifully constructed, flavorful cigar!"
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,5 out of 5,Viva,Good like the 9 corona double
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,5 out of 5,Excellent flavor,Excellent flavor
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,5 out of 5,#9 Corona Viva,This is a superb cigar with ample smoke time and delicious flavors.
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,5 out of 5,#9 premiere cigar,"These cigars are a top pick in any humidor, to put it in simple terms they are delicious !! A nice couple hour smoke that doesn’t disappoint until you hit the nub and wish there was more"
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,5 out of 5,Liga Of It's Own!,"This is the best cigar to hit the streets in over a decade. It is the Full Monte when it comes to Cigars. I guarantee, you will not be disappointed. Enjoy....
""Glendale Grit."""
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,5 out of 5,Drew Estates,No 9 great smoke. Undercrown sungrown not so great.
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,5 out of 5,Phenomenal,I've always loved Liga Privada No. 9. The only thing ever keeping me from buying a box of them wasn't the price tag but the ring gauges. I'm not a fan of bigger ring gauges and #9 typically runs big (for my standards). When I saw they released the 6' 46 gauge I bought a box the day it was released! Only thing you need to know is they taste phenomenal. My wife happened to be sitting outside with me when I was smoking one and she is not a fan of my darker cigars and she even said it smelled great. The smoke billows off the cigar in creamy waves. If you're a fan of dark cigars with lots of flavor grab yourself a box of these ASAP before the limited release size is gone!
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,The Liga Privada No. 9 Corona Viva is a wonderful addition to this cigar line. I was expecting it to burn hotter and faster due to the slimmer gauge but it was as good as the other sizes in this line. I would not hesitate to recommend this cigar.
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,5 out of 5,Flying Pig,Wish it was longer. Great smoke
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,T-52,"Smooth earthy flavor, great smoke"
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,Best cigar ever had,Best cigar ever had
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,One of the best smokes,One of the best smokes I’ve ever experienced.
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,Great smoke especially if you,Great smoke especially if you want to have a quick one
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,I've loved the T52 since,I've loved the T52 since it first came out. I've favored it over the 9 since day one. It's nice to have them in a small format for a quick smoke.
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,T52 Coronets,Nice for a short smoke. Perfect for times when you don't have a lot of time to sit and enjoy a full cigar.
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,4 out of 5,Love the cigar. These arrived,Love the cigar. These arrived dry and 2 were unraveling!
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,Excellent cigarillo,These are pretty great for cigarillos. More flavor than you'd expect and a higher quality than I'm used to from the format. If you want a quick smoke and like dark cigars you'll be very happy.
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,T52 Robusto,Great smoke. Even burn. Very pleasurable. Shipping was quick.
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,Great!!!!!!,Great stick
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,4 out of 5,Good Smoke.,Liga Privada T-52 will be always a good a smoke. Cigars arrived in good shape but one of them was a bit dry.
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,One of my top 5!,"The T52 is very well constructed, and the flavor and smoke is consistent from the light. A little pricey,but worth the money for a special occasion type cigar."
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,Doesn't have to be Cuban to be good!,"I thought Cohibas were good until I tried these! I can't put the smoke into words but, if you try one of these you'll know what I'm talking about. Just a super smooth, flavorful cigar!"
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,Fantastic Stick!,Fantastic stick! I was gifted my first from a more well versed aficionado. At this point I've probably smoked a dozen or more. Long story short I love them full flavor but super smooth at the same time. They seem to be extremely well constructed too as I gave when to a friend that decide to chew on it for a few hours before lighting it. Not what a cigar is made for especially a good one like these but whatever.... Long story short it held up fine and once he finally started smoking he was thoroughly impressed. I do not condone cigar chewing LOL!
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,Smooth,When I want a quick smoke and want a quality smooth cigarillo type This one is second to none
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,Indulgence at its Best,"One of the best smoking cigars. Super smooth, incredible flavor. Well worth the price."
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,4 out of 5,Great!,Great cigar! Drew Estate never lets me down.
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,awesome stick,excellent choice
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,T-52,excellent smoke i love it i wish i could get a deal on them
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,Ultimate Satisfaction,"T52 Toro. Without a doubt one of my favorite cigars. A superbly tasty, slow burning, and very well constructed smoke that always hits the spot. But if you are patient enough to put a year or more aging time in the humidor these become the ultimate satisfaction cigar. Just out of this world pleasure. Stock up and let some rest and you'll see what I'm talking about."
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,Flying Pig - love it!,"Fabulous smoke. I hosted a cigar and scotch event to raise money for charity. Everyone got one of these smokes. Beautiful. Much more approachable than I expected. Smooth, even and flavourful. I'll be buying more."
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,Great service,Everything was great.
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,Liga Privada,Simply the best cigar I have smoked
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,Great smoke. Worth every pennie,Great smoke. Worth every pennie
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,Outstanding Cigar,Outstanding Cigar
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,4 out of 5,It was a good buy,"It was a good buy for the price with the extra gifted cigars, the only reason giving 4 🌟 is because my box isn't ready to smoke came a little dry but that's is somewhat expected. For the most part very pleased"
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,great,great
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,4 out of 5,Flying Pig,Great cigar.
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,Cant have enough in the humidor!
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,Best one yet!,"I love this smoke, best one I have had up to this point!"
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,Never disappoints,Amazing smoke as usual. Spicy with notes of Vanilla. I am a big fan of the Flying Pig whether it is an Undercrown or T52. I still want to try the Flying Pig No 9 from Liga Privada....
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,2 out of 5,Overrated,"A tasty but VERY overrated cigar. I've purchased many of these from CI & their affiliate sites and these have had an inordinate amount of construction issues, in particular the wrapper....cracks, bald spots....I really think Drew Estate is an overrated company when you consider what you spend for these."
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,Great Smoke!,As always Liga Privada is a fantastic cigar and the T52 just adds to their repertoire!
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,My Favorite!,My Favorite!
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,Phenomenal smoke,Just about everything that Jonathan Drew touches turns to gold. The Liga Prevada line is excellent and the T52 aims to please.......even for a novice smoker like myself.
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,Outstanding,Outstanding
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,Great Buy,One of the best deals scored on Make me an Offer. Just in time for the holidays!
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,4 out of 5,Good as usual but...,"Liga Privada is one of my favorite smokes. Love the No 9 and its variety. I go to my cigar lounge around town and I enjoy them so now I decided to order some and add them to my personal collection. Good as well but I do not know what is going on but I already had two of them and they burn uneven and need a retouch. Anyway, not a complaint... these cigars are fantastic. The other day I was leaving from work and when holding the door I saw a guy coming up holding a cigar and I said straight and without hesitation...""Drew Estate Liga Privada""...he stopped and we spend at least 15 minutes talking about cigars. So, if you are a serious cigar aficionado, get them, there is a lot to loose if you do not do it...!"
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,Excellent Smoke!,"I love the smoothness and pepper taste, perfect draw!"
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,Happy-52,"Marvelous .
Will be ordering more soon.
Was truly in my happy place."
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,WOW!!,"After falling in love with Liga #9's to the point that it is in my top 5 I decided to give the T52 a try.
Bought a box and tried one right away...totally disappointed as it kept going out and just didn't smoke well. HOWEVER, after letting them aclimate in my humidor for a few weeks and trying again all I can say is WOW! An amazing stick that is easily up there with the #9 if not barely surpassing it. I will be buying another box and this is now also in my top 5. About as perfect as you can get. But don't buy them because I want them all!"
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,Amazing,"What a smoke! Worth the $$. I'm not a connoisseur, I'm more of an educated layman, so here's my take:
Build is top notch. Draw is super open. On lighting I got flavor notes of citrus and vanilla. Then it turned pleasantly spicy, with cherry and chocolate. Toward the nub it turned on the power, losing flavor but the draw was wide open the whole time. This was a fantastic smoke, might be one of my new favorites. As a warning, this cigar isn't for the beginner, it's very strong and powerful, but all the while staying smooth, never raspy or bitter, but it would put a novice on their butt."
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,Wonderful! My Husband was/is very,Wonderful! My Husband was/is very happy!
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,Awesome!,Cigars International is phenomenal! Great customer service and excellent prices.
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,Perfect,"Fast shipping. Recieved in great condition. ROTT tasted fantastic. The rest resting until theyre called upon. Great flavor profile in my rotation consisting of Mi Amor Mondays, No.9 & T52 Tuesdays, Bijou 1922 Wednesdays, Serie R Thursdays, Fuente Fridays, Melanio Saturdays, and Padron Sundays."
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,A Liga of its own,I'm glad the Drew Estate employees released this great cigar to the public. This robusto is full flavored and enjoyable. Mid-way it just explodes in spicy sensations of the thick smoke on each draw. High quality smoke. Great segue to the Liga Privada No 9
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,It's a great slow enriched burn.,I smoked mine with Japanese Hibiki 21 whiskey. It's to be admired rich dark big smoke. If I had to compare it's close to Padron 1926. It's Certified
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,Amazing cigar,My favorite cigar. Has a nice peppery spice at the end. Definitely worth the price.
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,T52 or #9,Love the Liga Privada line of cigars. I bought a 5 pack of the T52's and a 5 pack of the #9's to compare before spending $$ on a box. I will stock my humidor with the one I feel is the best...
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,T52 is the bomb!,a delicious full bodied smoke from beginning to end. Not a smoke to be in a hurry with.
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,5 out of 5,All the L.P. stuff is,"All the L.P. stuff is amazing, especially the Unico series. The Velvet Rat is very smooth and packed with flavor. Thoroughly enjoying them!"
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,5 out of 5,velvet rat,"velvet rat, so far my favorite....so smooth imo"
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,5 out of 5,Nasty Fritas,Wonderful smoke. Small in size and funny shape but this cigar burns and tastes wonderful. Definitely a must-have in your humidor.
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,3 out of 5,Not bad,"Good flavor, but didn't realize the small ring gauge."
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,5 out of 5,++++Great++++,++++Great++++
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,3 out of 5,Papas Fritas,great for a twenty five minute smoke
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,My favorite smoke by far!
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,5 out of 5,Great little smoke,Great little smoke
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,4 out of 5,Delicious,Delicious
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,Excellent smoke
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,5 out of 5,It my go to stick,Love the papa Fritas for the price and quality you can’t beat it..
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,5 out of 5,Velvet Rat,Great smoke!
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,5 out of 5,Rat series,The velvet is smooth elegant but has enough straightforward flavor you know it’s a rat.
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,5 out of 5,Best Little Smoke for the Money,"I have been smoking cigars since I was 12. My grandpa was a foreman in a cigar factory in Allentown, PA and started me smoking at Thanksgiving Dinner in 1963. I am a huge fan of Drew Estates, even if the philistines at Swisher Sweets did buy them. Be that all as it may, these are simply the best cigar for the money. It's a annotated Liga Privada and you won't find anything like it for the same money."
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,5 out of 5,Great patio cigar,Great patio cigar
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,5 out of 5,Typical Liga excellence,An awesome little cigar. Awesome flavor with a great draw and burn. Only drawback is it ends too fast. I’m glad the box has 50 of these little suckers.
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,5 out of 5,Wow,I recently bought a Box of the velvet rat and this cigar was wonderful from start to finish perfect burn
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,5 out of 5,Liga Parvada Papas Fritas,"If I can't smoke Liga Pravada #9 or Papas Fritas, I just don't smoke."
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,5 out of 5,Liga privada,"The best, a man can ask for. Smooth, flavorful and tasty........"
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,5 out of 5,A MUST,"If there were 10 stars, this one would get it. Absolutely the best DE cigar out there. Pricy but with every $ you spend on them. Dark, strong, robust but smooth and fantastic burn and draw."
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,5 out of 5,Fantastic,Fantastic cigar with tons of flavor and draw. Perfect afternoon smoke
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,5 out of 5,Definite Buy,Strong and small but never the less a fantastic stick
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,5 out of 5,Great stick,"Although this cigar is extremely hard to find, it is well worth the effort"
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,5 out of 5,Top Notch,The DE VR is never a disappointment and one of the best Liga’s in their lineup!
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,5 out of 5,Amazing little smokes,If your a Liga fan these are amazing!!
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,5 out of 5,Amazing,"Fantastic burn, smokes like a chimney. Definitely my favorite cigar!"
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,3 out of 5,Need to mellow in humidor,Need to mellow in humidor
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,5 out of 5,Waited over 3 years,"Since moving from Co. could not find these anywhere!
Great smoke, right up there with #9"
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,5 out of 5,DO NOT BUY...,I want them all for myself :)
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,5 out of 5,Perfect small cigar!,"This is the perfect cigar for the times you only want half of a GREAT cigar! You just can't go wrong with a Liga 9, T52, or a Papas Fritas...Thank you Jonathan for making my life better with these special smokes. Also thank you for the great times in KC when you were here. Great cigars and BBQ...and a couple of beverages!! You Rock!"
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,5 out of 5,The perfect cigar!!,"I hesitate to write a good review only because these cigars are already hard to get, however they are literally the perfect smoke. First they are consistent, with a powerfull silky smooth draw that gives you volumes of smoke. Their architecture is perfect down to the pig tail that you just twist off eliminating the need for a cutter and I never have any burn issues, no canoeing doesn't keep going out burns square and true. Can't say enough good things about this tasty little gar."
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,5 out of 5,Old Faithful,"Great quick, flavorful stick that always hits the spot"
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,4 out of 5,Good Smoke - But Short Fillers,"Enjoyed the smoke - nice size for a quick puff... Quality Tobacco, However not a fan of short fillers...esp at the asking price..Prob better off with a Fuente Short Story at a lower cost..I am a Liga Fan however--- Enjoyed...but my opinion is there are better options elsewhere.."
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,5 out of 5,Papas Fritas,Great smoke and for a really good price! thanks
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,5 out of 5,Papas Freitas review,Best cigar ever for the price I'm hooked
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,4 out of 5,Yes,Nice Short smoke
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,5 out of 5,Great! Would definitely order again.,"The whole process was very smooth, the package arrived quickly, and the cigars were great."
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,5 out of 5,They are awesome,", the aroma and flavor is rich and delicious"
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,3 out of 5,Comes up short,This little monster just needs more burn time. Nice typical Liga smoke profile that burns quick and is hot to the tongue in under 20-25 mins.
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,5 out of 5,Little guys bia taste,This little guys are just as good as their big brothers!
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,5 out of 5,Short and to the point,This is a great little cigar if your day has gotten away from you and you're looking for a short smoke. Nice and smooth. It starts of a little sweet then a hint of pepper on the back end.
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,5 out of 5,Papas fritas,"Very quick, thanks"
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,5 out of 5,Nice cigars for the price!,Nice easy smoking cigar.And perfect when you don't have a hour to smoke one.
Drew Estate MUWAT,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,Great smoke!
Drew Estate MUWAT,5 out of 5,Rich Tobacco,Always a fine choice.
Drew Estate MUWAT,4 out of 5,MUWAT,Great cigar and good draw. Only had one that was so so in a pack of 20. Rest were great and ordered more.
Drew Estate MUWAT,5 out of 5,Very good cigar for fairly,Very good cigar for fairly mild but good dry hand long ashes
Drew Estate MUWAT,5 out of 5,awesome little power house cigars,Both cigars offered the same flavor as larger counter Park cigars.
Drew Estate MUWAT,5 out of 5,Drew estate,"never had a bad Drew Estate cigar, but these are exceptional!!"
Drew Estate MUWAT,5 out of 5,All Day Every Day,"I can’t say enough about how much I love the MUWAT 5x60. The incredibly smooth consistent burn, nice heavy smoke, and a surprisingly mellow flavor, this thing hits all the right notes. I’ve seen reviews that complain about the wrappers breaking up, but that’s never been an issue. I would recommend these bad boys to anyone!"
Drew Estate MUWAT,5 out of 5,Very good,Very good
Drew Estate MUWAT,5 out of 5,Nice Nice...,Nice Nice...
Drew Estate MUWAT,4 out of 5,Very smooth,Very smooth
Drew Estate MUWAT,5 out of 5,Smoked well,Smoked well
Drew Estate MUWAT,3 out of 5,Poor wrappers,"The wrapper on almost all the cigars was broken or coming loose. Other than that, a good cigar."
Drew Estate MUWAT,4 out of 5,Muwat,Great medium body I particularly like them on the golf course
Drew Estate MUWAT,5 out of 5,Awesome smoke!,I love these guys. They are a perfect fit to my regulars. Great taste and the right size when I don’t want to spend more than an hour with one.
Drew Estate MUWAT,4 out of 5,A Hearty After Meal Smoke For The Maduro Lover in Search of an Everyday Stick With Character,"An astoundingly solid construction, heavy ash and flavor notes of Pepper, leather and earthy musk, stemming from a gorgeous, oily San Andres wrapper and Capote binding make this Brazilian and Nicaraguan long filler a perfect after dinner smoke. With a strikingly heavy, full bodied essence, the medium strength punch is a wonderfully complimented parallel, making this a great smoke for an evening walk or an after dinner porch side conversation."
Drew Estate MUWAT,4 out of 5,Well Made,These MUWATs are great. Well made and a great smoke.
Drew Estate MUWAT,5 out of 5,My Go-To and a Must Have,"Was one of my very first sticks, and now, my absolute go-to and a must have. I love the flavor of these, having a slightly sweet note. I'd highly recommend giving them a try if you haven't already."
Drew Estate MUWAT,5 out of 5,Amazing Stogie created by Drew,"Very smooth blend! If you are looking for a good quality smoke, at an affordable price this is the stogie for you! Drew does it again."
Drew Estate MUWAT,4 out of 5,pricey for a pack of 10.,"wrapper disintegrates past middle but very tasty. it is very pricey for a pack of 10. i purchased 2 packs when on sale at half price, which was reasonable! i stick with my ""Mark Twain"" cigar, which is awesome."
Drew Estate MUWAT,4 out of 5,Worth your time 6×60,"Enjoying a six by sixty today it's been resting for about 3 months the draw is a little tight a great flavor but a little on the light side, good taste but the wrapper is kind of falling apart that's why the four star rating it also has a good burn"
Drew Estate MUWAT,5 out of 5,Muwat review,"One of the best cigars I’ve ever tried. It is equall to the Original Kentucky Fire Cured Muwat that because of the blending of the tobacco, it is smooth. It has an easy draw and great aged tobacco taste. I am just a customer but I worked in the tobacco market years ago when it was basically called gold leaf because of the money generated by it. I started smoking cigars about ten years ago and have developed a passion for them. I’ve tried many different cigars over the years and have found some I like and some I love. The Muwat is definitely in the love category."
Drew Estate MUWAT,4 out of 5,"larger then I like ,still","larger then I like ,still a great smoke"
Drew Estate MUWAT,5 out of 5,Muwat,Love'm
Drew Estate MUWAT,5 out of 5,Very Good,Very Good
Drew Estate MUWAT,5 out of 5,Muwat,Awesome smoke great deal
Drew Estate MUWAT,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,My husband loved the flavor and said it was the perfect size cigar for just chillin in the hot tub.
Drew Estate MUWAT,5 out of 5,Muwat,Gooood!
Drew Estate MUWAT,4 out of 5,MUWAT 7/70,I find them to be a satisfying flavorful yet complex cigars
Drew Estate MUWAT,5 out of 5,Awesom,Good smoke awesome price
Drew Estate MUWAT,5 out of 5,Best everyday smoke.,I took a chance on them even though they're named after my favorite Public Enemy song. I turned on my cigar partners to them and they love them.
Drew Estate MUWAT,5 out of 5,Great deal,Good choice to smoke
Drew Estate MUWAT,5 out of 5,Enjoy,Realy enjoyed this cigar
Drew Estate MUWAT,5 out of 5,MUWAT,Cant go wrong with Drew Estate. Nice medium bodied smoke for when I dont have more than an hour to enjoy a cigar.
Drew Estate MUWAT,5 out of 5,great taste,well made smooth and flavor galore
Drew Estate MUWAT,5 out of 5,MUWAT is always good,This fat worm is a little flavor bomb. Get you some !
Drew Estate MUWAT,5 out of 5,Amazing,"Great size, amazing Nicaraguan taste. Drew Estate really nailed this one!"
Drew Estate MUWAT,5 out of 5,Best cigar I’ve tasted. A,Best cigar I’ve tasted. A great smoke. Please keep offering them
Drew Estate MUWAT,4 out of 5,Nice everyday stick,Have enjoyed this cigar from day one
Drew Estate MUWAT,3 out of 5,Construction?,Cigars fall apart after about 1/2 to 3/4 of it smoked...disappointed.
Drew Estate MUWAT,5 out of 5,BOGO Deal of the century !,opportunity to get great cigar at half pricer
Drew Estate MUWAT,5 out of 5,MUWAT,A consistently fantastic stick! One of my three ‘go-to’s’ when I want a great cigar.
Drew Estate MUWAT,4 out of 5,Muwat,İt is nice tı smoke for break time.
Drew Estate MUWAT,5 out of 5,Smooth,Absolutely love these cigars.
Drew Estate MUWAT,5 out of 5,MUWAT,Regular prices is great. Sale price is just nothing short of outstanding for the MUWAT 7x70. Always great smokes at great prices. Thanks again.
Drew Estate MUWAT,3 out of 5,The Cigars are very mild,"The Cigars are very mild and has a great draw, the down side its to much cigar if your looking to have quick smoke. Not for beginners that's for sure, but for me love it"
Drew Estate MUWAT,4 out of 5,Overpriced,"A really enjoyable cigar for everyday. It IS, however slightly overpriced. D.E. has always been a little too proud of their products."
Drew Estate MUWAT,4 out of 5,Always good,Every day type of cigar. Consistent quality smoke.
Drew Estate MUWAT,5 out of 5,Review,Fast delivery
Drew Estate MUWAT,5 out of 5,MUWAT,"Good stick, for the price. Well constructed."
Drew Estate MUWAT,4 out of 5,Rocky patel muwat,Good cigar for the price
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,Excellent smoke
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,5 out of 5,Great flavor,Great flavor
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,3 out of 5,Good cigar,Tough draw but the flavors were wonderful
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,3 out of 5,Nice bonus,Not really my size of smoke but I did enjoy the flavor.
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,5 out of 5,They are ok ...,"Long draw, played Golf one lasted 5 holes ... near the end I experienced a funny flavor ... not sure what it was."
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,5 out of 5,Awesome Smokey Flavor,"Great cigar with a nice smokey smell to it which can be tasted when smoked. Reminds me of a campfire and the taste leaves a nice smokey aftertaste to it that is very pleasant. Strength is not too strong but not under-powered. Goes very well on a hot day with a nice cold Coke to help with the cotton mouth from the smoke cure. Only issue was the cap began unraveling on three or four when cut, other than that its an amazing cigar."
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,5 out of 5,Happy buyer,Develops quickly smooth flavor to the end
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,5 out of 5,One of my favorites.,One of my favorites.
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,5 out of 5,A Great Cigarillo,"Beautiful Smokey flavor, strong without being too much to handle."
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,4 out of 5,New to me,Decent
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,4 out of 5,Tiny but tasty,When you only have time for a quickie this stick is the one. Smooth and satisfying with a definite smoky character.
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,4 out of 5,Great for a quick smoke,Great for a quick smoke with flavor
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,4 out of 5,Complex and enjoyable.,Complex and enjoyable.
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,4 out of 5,Nice smoke a little to,Nice smoke a little to small for me
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,5 out of 5,Smokes,Nice with a glass of Bourbon.
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,5 out of 5,Great Stick,"This “little piggy“ is packed with bold flavors! Charred wood, leather, Chocolate, and a little “Kentucky Spice”. I highly recommend this with a nice bourbon...Maker’s 46, or Wild Turkey Rare Breed. I order a box every month! I can’t get enough of them!"
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,5 out of 5,One of my new favorites.,"One of my new favorites. Great flavor, even burn, great ash."
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,5 out of 5,Exquisite little smoke,"Tasty, unique, full of flavor. Been smoking these and giving them to friends. An amazing little cigar that becomes the topic of conversation.
Highly recommend this cigar. Tune out the world and enjoy something that grabs your attention."
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,5 out of 5,A good choice!,"Nice change from regular cigars! Nice flavor, short and fat! I still smoke Nubs ,starting to order these more!"
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,5 out of 5,Kentucky Fire Cured,So different. So good.
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,5 out of 5,Good smoke and really comes,Good smoke and really comes in handy for a quickie.
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,4 out of 5,Interesting,"Easy draw, even burn and lots of smoke with a different aroma pre and post light. Made me think I was sitting around a campfire. One of those to smoke so you can say you have that you will find some enjoyment in!"
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,5 out of 5,Small smoke,Best small smoke that I've found!
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,4 out of 5,Best short morning smoke this year so far!,"One of my favorite new quick smokes and Ill be honest, my dogs loved another extra walk so I could enjoy one of these. Cannot keep them in any of my humidors as cured tobacco is very pungent! Love those little sticks, great smoke output, coffee flavor, leather, some spice.
Gave 4 stars as shipping took around 1 week and it was sent with no humidification. I am going to keep the rest of the stick with Boveda for couple of weeks to see if burn improves."
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,5 out of 5,It has become my favorite.,It has become my favorite. I like the smokey smoke.
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,5 out of 5,Kentucky Fire Cured,"These are my husband's favorite cigars. He told me that the flavor reminds him of the fragrance of the wood burning fireplace in his grandmother's home in Kentucky, and he likes that the cigar is not a really long smoke."
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,5 out of 5,My third favorite cigar,"Cigar International does it again! Bought 40 of these on Joe's daily deal. Great taste, if you're looking for something different. Taste a little like Hickory chips roasting on the BBQ. My third highest rated cigar and I have over 50 brands on hand. Thanks to CI I had to buy a humidor from 1st Class Humidor called the Windsor to keep all of my expanding collection. Then Joe came out with a GREAT deal on Drew Estate Tabak Cafe con Leche. Now, my new humidor is almost full."
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"I've been smoking these cigars for a few years now, It is by far my favorite cigar. Previous to my finding this cigar my go to cigar was the Kristoff Maduro. I have not once had a bad Muwat. It is an even burning cigar with consistent flavor throughout. Pricing is very reasonable for such a good smoke."
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"I've been smoking these cigars for a few years now, It is my favorite cigar. previous to my finding this cigar my go to cidar was the Kristoff Maduro. I have not once had a bad Muwat. It is an even burning cigar with consistent flavor throughout. Pricing is very reasonable for such a good smoke."
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,5 out of 5,Hidden Smokey Gem,"This was a smooth after work smoke that did not get bitter or harsh at the end of it. I could smoke this every day. The initial smell is harder than I was ready for, but I cannot deny the smell and flavor of my father's hometown of Memphis (although it says Kentucky) every time I smoke these. Gonna let it cure in my humidor for about 6 mos and see how it taste."
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,5 out of 5,great cigar,will be purchasing these again
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,4 out of 5,Great cigar,Great camp fire smell .cigar was a little firm and hard to toke
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,5 out of 5,Smooth & Easy,Smooth & Easy
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,4 out of 5,Modest but satisfying,"I'm no expert but these modestly priced cigars strike me as quite satisfying. The draw is easy. The flavor is satisfying. No harshness. I have no idea why they are called ""fire cured"" but whatever it is it does the job."
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,5 out of 5,MUWAT Fire Cured,"Finally got around to trying this tasty treat, I Like It! Smells good and tastes better. A much firmer build than most DE smokes but the burn and draw were as good as DE's other blends. Made my shore lunch even better (fresh Trout). Will absolutely buy again!"
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,4 out of 5,smokin' 2,"Also a smokey tast, again not for everyone but I enjoy then for a break."
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,5 out of 5,My favorite,"My favorite cigar, bar none. My wife even enjoys the BBQ smoke smell. I’ve smoked 5 or 6 boxes already and have 2 more on the way."
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar. Love the KFC line.
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,4 out of 5,Excellent everyday smoke,"I enjoyed this cigar. However different results per cigar, some are only a 3,but most are a 4"
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,5 out of 5,Excellent,"Love these cigars, the smell when you take one out of the wrapper is the best cigar smell ever."
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,5 out of 5,Tasteful Experience,A very tasteful cigar every few minutes you get a new taste and the experience is wonderful. Just ordered the Sweets and Swamp Rat to try them out
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,5 out of 5,KFC cigars,Being from the south...we are accustomed to smoked food.....why not cigars.....these will knock you off your socks....I like smelling them....smelling the smoke rolling off them...and when you take a drag of it.....match made in heaven....thanks Drew Estate for making this southern boy a very happy customer.
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,4 out of 5,Unique tobaccco experience for the adventerous,"This is definitely a cigar line I would buy again. The Hamhock KFC is forward, expressive, and has a clear identity of itself. Its perfect for the man who seeks new adventures, but no patience for nuance or delayed gratification. Next time I'll try a longer and smaller ring KFC since I'm more of a good read or meaningful conversation on the patio leisurely smoker. It is unique and alone among the cigars I have tasted. It has lots of low-and-slow mesquite BBQ on the taste. The one downside is the slightly unpleasant aroma leaves my clothes smelling like cigarette butts. I have shared it with quite a few friends who either love it or hate it. If you ready to explore something outside the usual coffee-pepper-leather paradigm this is the cigar for you. Drew Estate really captures something that broadens the tobacco's expression."
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,5 out of 5,Fun smoke,Very nice flavor with the smoked flavor
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,5 out of 5,Different but Good,A very good cigar for the money.
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,5 out of 5,These are great !!!!!,"I really love these short-full flavor smokes !! I order these whenever I can as they are just a truly enjoyable smoke. First time I had one I thought I'd just set the woodpile on fire from the odor but man, once I got into it I was in store for one truly enjoyable smoke. I've been happy with all versions of this product (fat Molly, etc) and now look forward to trying the sweet version of these smokes. Try them you will be more than pleased !!! Mike"
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,5 out of 5,Kentucky Secret,The wife bought these for me on a whim on our way back home from Kentucky after visiting family! I’m impressed a nice quick smoke burns even with great flavor. The only issue I had was they were too quick for a relaxing evening smoke. So I bought the Kyotos. Spoiler another great smoke! Possibly my new favorite morning stick with coffee! Thanks CI we will see you on our way back through at Christmas!
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Great smoke. Perfect for a short stint outside. I love that KFC taste! FYI Just A Friend are even better.
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,5 out of 5,Kentucky Fire Cured Hamhock Cigars,"WOW! I first ordered these because they were on sale and now I have just made my fourth order because these little guys are a kick. If you haven't smoked one of these you are in for a treat. As soon as you open the pack they smell like hickory wood burning in a fireplace. They are certainly different from any other cigar I have smoked, and I love the nub size. If you don't catch them on sale they may seem a little pricey, but they are deffinately worth a try. You won't be disappointed. Happy Smoking. J.O.W."
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured Sweets,5 out of 5,"I love these, great flavor","I love these, great flavor"
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured Sweets,5 out of 5,A nice quick smoke,Initial notes of sweet Hickory. Love this cigar.
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured Sweets,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured Sweets,5 out of 5,Fire cured,Great smoke while grilling short enough to enjoy On a quick cook
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured Sweets,5 out of 5,Definitely try these. One of my favorites.,"Sweet. Great tasting. Lots of creamy smoke and a hint of BBQ. Made my humidor smell a little funny, with the smoked smell, but they are so good they are worth it."
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured Sweets,4 out of 5,Very good,Very good
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured Sweets,5 out of 5,Great little cigars!!!,"Great little cigars, my buddy got 1 in a sample pack and thoughg it would be bad so I tried it. Had a heavy smoke smell to it but after lighting it was met with a great smoky sweet taste and was not disappointed at all. Ended up buying 20 of them great for friends."
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured Sweets,4 out of 5,smokin',"Interesting smoke, not for everyone but I enjoy them for a quick smoke."
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured Sweets,4 out of 5,Good if you like sugar,"I love the KFC line. This one is decent, however, the sweet flavoring seems to just be sprayed on external. I smoked them, but won’t order any more. I’ll stay with the unsweetened line."
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured Sweets,5 out of 5,My favorite!,"Smooth, great cigar"
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured Sweets,5 out of 5,Small stature big smoke,"Smooth. Southern hospitality and southern charm. Notes of sweet earth, deep bourbon notes and high notes of cured molasses."
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured Sweets,5 out of 5,Great taste when looking for something different,"This is quite a interesting cigar. Has a immediate strong scent when I pulled one out ( would recommend keeping them separate from traditional cigars). Had a great flavor, with a sweetness to mellow it out. Great tasting cigar, but be ready for something different!"
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured Sweets,5 out of 5,Excellent taste and great value,Excellent taste and great value
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured Sweets,4 out of 5,A very unique experience,"So my first impression upon opening the package was a burnt smell, wasn't too sure what i had here.!!, the cigar itself had very traditional earthy tobacco sent, a good solid construction with a nice sweetness on the lips from the wrapper and a perfect dry draw, upon lighting, this cigar quickly settled into a very unique medium body smoke, another winner from drew estate's.!!"
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured Sweets,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great smoke
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured Sweets,3 out of 5,Beginners Opinion,"I'm a new cigar smoker so the flavored cigars are my preference right now. The Fire cured was limited on the flavor taste, smelled great, and good draw. Taste turns bitter towards the end, not a bad stick, but just o.k."
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured Sweets,5 out of 5,Something Different in a Wonderful Way,"What a fantastic smoke! From opening the plastic wrapper and getting the first sniff of this stick blew my socks off!!! A love fragrance of oak smoke and a bacon-ish smell instantly got my mouth wet! You can get notes of Oak, Maple, Bourbon, and pure F### Awesomeness. Then you lick your lips and POW! SHWEETNESS hits you!
If you're looking for a different kind of stick than any other, then this is the one for you. Fat Molly will not let you down."
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured Sweets,5 out of 5,Surprisingly mellow great flavor,Surprisingly mellow great flavor
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured Sweets,5 out of 5,great smoke,great smoke
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured Sweets,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"Great smoke, unique Smokey flavor. The room note reminds me of my grandfathers house who smoked pipes. Great tasting Cigar"
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured Sweets,4 out of 5,Good unique smoke,Nice smokey flavor and smell. Notes of hickory and oak are really pronounced. The slightly sweet tip is a nice touch and the finish is very smooth. Overall a very good smoke. Only downsides are as another reviewer stated they could be wrapped slightly better and the cigarillos aren't pre-punched which to me is unusual and kind of defeats some of the convenience of a cigarillo.
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured Sweets,5 out of 5,Kentucky Cured Fat Molly,"One of the best cigars out there for the money! Smooth smoking, great flavor and very mild on the tongue. if you haven't tried them, give them a whirl, you won't be disappointed!!"
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured Sweets,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured Sweets,5 out of 5,Great addition to the smokey flavor,"I really enjoyed this flavor combination. Burns great, and are perfect for a short smoking session. The sweet tip compliments the smokey flavor."
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured Sweets,5 out of 5,Addicted!,Love ‘em.
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured Sweets,3 out of 5,Too loose,The flavor was good but for some reason they are not as well wrapped as the original KFC chunky.
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,5 out of 5,Nice,Very nice smokes well slow burn very tasty to the end would buy again great price
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,4 out of 5,"""The Go to""",If you like oily... smokey... and big taste... this is the standard. Price consideration allows this to be measured against just about anything. Only critique is the 7.5 isn't as good as the 6 and 4.5.
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,5 out of 5,Love the Nica,Great flavor and nice burn. My favorite cigar!
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,5 out of 5,Not Sure Why,"I love this cigar, it burns good and I like from beginning to end"
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,5 out of 5,Great,Great quality and timely delivery
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,5 out of 5,Great everyday cigar.,Great everyday cigar.
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,4 out of 5,Full earthy flavor,This is one of my favorite smokes. It is a nice heavy medium bodied cigar with very earthy tones.
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,4 out of 5,Great value and good smoke,"Just received my first bundle and now smoking my first one. As a few people have mentioned they’re a bit smoky, but so far a terrific stick. I tend towards full body cigars and this one delivers. Packs a lot of taste. If you’re into mild, this might not be for you. No problem on the burn. It’s even. The ash holds and forms a beautiful white fine top. Good cigar. That’s No surprise coming from Drew Estate. Great value."
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,5 out of 5,Good smoke,This is a great cigar and affordable.
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,3 out of 5,El Brujito,"A very middling cigar.
It is never bad and it is never good."
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,5 out of 5,Good smoke,"Pretty good. Med/full, with no issues.."
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,5 out of 5,Nica Rustica belly,"Excellent smoke, pick one up"
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,5 out of 5,"Excellent smoke, excellent value. Great taste to the end","Got 2 of these in a sampler for buying a “Herrera Esteli Habano” Box of Lonsdales( another AWESOME smoke BTW!). Just finished smoking one after sitting for a few weeks. All I have to say is “GOOD!!”
Like other reviewers state it is a steam roller of a smoker, but it doesn’t burn fast. The Toro lasted about 1.5 hrs. It has a great taste all the way through to the last drop. It does pick up in strength on the last third, but it still tasted great. Got a nice little nicotine buzz too! For the price it’s a awesome smoke. Will definitely be buying more."
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,4 out of 5,Great smoke,"Even burn, great price, only negative is these cigars make an inordinate amount of smoke."
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,5 out of 5,Fine Stick,"Great easy smoke, goes well with an orange crush"
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,5 out of 5,Nica Rustica 6x52,"Easy draw, airy, yet nice full flavor, thick smoke, and burns well. Really experience the fullness in the last 3rd if you dare. They have a soot in my humidor."
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,5 out of 5,Nica,Best legro
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,5 out of 5,Fantastic cigars if a little crudely made,I haven’t found another cigar like as well as these.
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,5 out of 5,a hidden gem,"A hidden gem in the drew estate portfolio. Everything you expect from a premium cigar, burn, flavor, construction. Be mindful it gives off a lot of smoke. I have had over 100 of these and never an issue. I like it better than undercrown, and most others."
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,5 out of 5,Outstanding cigar,A full body smoke that makes you want another. My go to when it’s time to relax and enjoy some single malt. You won’t be disappointed. Cheers
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,5 out of 5,Great Economical Cigar,For the money you can’t beat it.
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,5 out of 5,Awesome!!!,Awesome!!!
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,5 out of 5,Love them,Yummy
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,5 out of 5,Great smoke,I’ve purchased these cigars a handful of times and never been disappointed. Always fresh and a straight burning cigar
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,2 out of 5,Throw away,I had to throw away 5 cigars so far. Once they were lit they would turn black in the center of cigar and not burn correctly. I’m not sure if there are any more like that. A little disappointed and embarrassed.
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,5 out of 5,Very nice!,This is a brilliant creation from its pigtail twist end to the very nice bundle package. It reminds me of a name brand Cuban I bought in Milan many years ago. I had to relight it once but its still going after one hour.
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,5 out of 5,Nice love them too,Nice love them too
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,4 out of 5,Nice smoke for the golf course.,Smooth and casual smoke.
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Consistent and tasty
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,5 out of 5,Nica Rustica,"I will admit, I have purchased cigars from vendors other than CI....but the cigars from CI are consistently fresher than others. This particular deal was just too good to pass up (Drew Estates). With my hobby (genealogy), the cigars I prefer are those that will last at least an hour and a half (a good research session). Every cigar in this offering falls in that category....and all taste good! Thanks!"
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,5 out of 5,great smoke!,you can not miss with these cigars! nice thick smoke and great taste! will reorder asap!
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar - Excellent PRICE!,There's not much I can say about the Nica Rustica - It's a cigar that stands on it's own. Drew Estates built the perfect daily go-to cigar EVER! Rich in flavor and smokey - this cigar is perfect any time of day - and yes - Daily!
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,As always great service and deal from CI
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,5 out of 5,Nica Rustica,This is my go to cigar. Always smooth and loaded with flavor from start to finish.
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,5 out of 5,Great little 'with your coffee' stogie...,"So far so GREAT!!! Started off a bit strong but flavorful but melted out to a delicious, mellow but full of notes of coffee and a bit of earth. Surprisingly, I don't feel itis a real kick-in-the-nuts as far as nicotine punch is concerned. Overall a wonderful little stick (i'm smoking the smaller vitola; a 46 5"") that i ALREADY have put in a fiver of then in my cart here.
Lastly, the burn seems to be pretty darn solid and i'm running it outdoors with a pretty good' steady breeze of about 15-20 mph which may have an effect on it 'canoeing' but it's still holding its own.
IMHO, one of the better offerings from Drew Estate. Right up there with my faves the 'Undercrowns'.
Terry one out. You won't be disappointed!"
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,5 out of 5,Nica rustica,Its my fav as number1 next to a perdomo champange noir. Nica is the only cigar that you need a roach clip to finish cause its always good to the very end. Number 1 in my book.
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,3 out of 5,OK work cigar decent burn,OK work cigar decent burn but flavor a bit burnt smokey
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,5 out of 5,Good,Good
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,3 out of 5,Review,"They're ok, but not overly impressive. Use them when I'm working in the yard or hanging out in the garage."
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,4 out of 5,Good but not great.,"I like them but dont love them. Well built stick that smokes excellent. Just not my kind of cigar.. on the strong , full flavored side. If that's what you like then you will love these."
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,5 out of 5,What a great buying experience shipped fast great selection of cigars thank you,"What a great buying experience, shipped fast, great selection of cigars, thank you"
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,5 out of 5,Exceptional,Love these sticks
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,5 out of 5,Go to stogie,Very flavorful and well constructed. A great smoke at a reasonable price
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,5 out of 5,Nica Rustica,Great smoke
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,4 out of 5,Always a good stick,Always a good stick
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,5 out of 5,Deliciousness in a stick!,"I like the earthy, spicy flavors that come through. It's not for those looking for a mild or medium bodied cigar, because this is certainly full bodied and full flavored! Each cigar I've enjoyed has burned evenly and slowly, with a solid ash that doesn't fall off. It pairs great with a strong coffee, a good bourbon, or a nice scotch."
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,5 out of 5,"Good cigars, reasonably priced",Picked up a couple of these from ABC and liked the. Bought a 25 pack from CI. Still good. My friends like them too. Consistent taste and burn. You get used to them though. Then smoke something else and remember why you like them.
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,5 out of 5,Inca Rustica,Great draw
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,5 out of 5,NICA RUSTICA RULES,Short Rob is great every time I get lit!
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,5 out of 5,Nica Rustica,It is a great cigar well constructed and very flavor
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,A fine smoke,A fine smoke
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,My dessert,One of my favorite for an after dinner wind down. Love it because I get a little coffee/dessert but also feel like I am smoking a good cigar at the same time.
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Burns evenly nice gray ash. Wonderful flavor.
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,Red Eye,My all time favorite cigar; think of it as a Montecristo Media Noche' with notes of coffee!
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,Great cigar,If you like cigars with a cafe taste this is a good one.
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,My favorite options,My favorite options
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,4 out of 5,nice,nice
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,Cute little flavor,Great flavor and perfect for a short smoke session
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,4 out of 5,Tabak Especial,"Very good coffee flavored cigar.
Coffee and sugar are the initial aromas upon opening the cigar.
Once lit the coffee flavor is prevalent.
A good draw from start to finish."
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,Great smoke,bought it for my wife she said they were great.
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,4 out of 5,Nice smoke when don't have,Nice smoke when don't have a lot of time
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,My favorite smoke!,"The Tabak Especial dulce corona has been my go to everyday smoke since they stopped making kahlua. Never disappoints! Great consistent construction, even burn, and great coffee infused flavor. A sure hit every time!"
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,Great buy,Great buy
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,4 out of 5,Good Smoke!,Not a top 5 but I will be buying a 5 pack on occasion for a change of pace.;
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,Very smooth good taste satisfying,Very smooth good taste satisfying
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,yumm,So Good!
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,Love the flavor. My favorite.,Love the flavor. My favorite.
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,Great stick!,Great stick!
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,4 out of 5,Loved them. Great draw flavorful,Loved them. Great draw flavorful and perfect if you don’t have a lot time to smoke a stick
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,4 out of 5,Good stick. Smooth draw expected,Good stick. Smooth draw expected a little more flavor. But overall worth the price
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,The Best Breakfast Cigar!,"Among my favorite cigars in my humidor are the Drew Estate brand. The Tabak Especia Gordito Dulce is an awesome cigar for those who like to have a smoke early in the morning, this is your cigar. Being coffee infused, it pairs well with any coffee (I prefer mine black). It has a very smooth draw with a mild to medium profile. The flavors of coffee, vanilla, spice and the sweetness (dulce) make it perfect for starting your day."
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,Quickly becoming a favorite,Quickly becoming a favorite
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,My new favorite.,"Real taste here plus the sweet taste of my favorite drink. Choice of two wrappers. Try them both.
These are perfect with you coffee in the mornings as you tack the dog out."
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,"My favorite cigar, the flavor","My favorite cigar, the flavor is incredible , everybody I introduced this Cigar to loves it"
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,One of my newest favs!,Great tasting smooth cigar that smells as awesome as it taste!
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,Tabak Cigars,"I love the Tabak cigars! They have great flavor, burn nice and even. a very smooth smoke!"
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,Never bad,"I will always snap these up , when they go on special it is even better !"
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,Great for a quick smoke,"I love Tabak, but often I don’t have the time to enjoy a larger cigar. These are the perfect size for a quick smoke and are easy to carry."
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,Best infused cigar on the market,Finally the Lonsdale size has arrived. Waited till this evening to tear off plastic wrapper and enjoy this truely fine cigar. I even ordered a box of macanudo coffee I found it very lacking in any kind of taste they apparently do not have your magic and probably never will thank you for finally bringing out the size that I enjoy no finer cigar in the world
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,Phenomenal Smoke!,"If Drew Estate has missed the mark with a stogie I’m not aware of it, and Tabak Especial is no exception. Nothing but love for this stick, with my morning coffee or an after dinner snack, You can’t go wrong."
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,Great,Nice smoke 👍
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,"Very nice, smooth, even smoke.","Very nice, smooth, even smoke. I love ALL Drew Estates smokes I’ve tried!"
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,Great delivery,Great delivery
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,Best price I’ve been able to find on the east coast!,"Hands down, easiest and smoothest purchase I’ve ever made when it comes to cigars. High quality and fast. You can’t go wrong with CI!"
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Great Smoke
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,Great taste and smooth,Great taste and smooth
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,My favorite cigar,My favorite cigar. It has a full deep bodied flavor and the nuances I seek in a cigar. I first smoked them at a campout and have not stopped buying them since. Everyone I've introduced them to has loved them.
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,4 out of 5,Good sticks,Good sticks
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,3 out of 5,Drew Estates Tabak,"It is okay. It’s too sweet. I like it, but after it gets close to mid way of smoke it is too sweat. Nice at first, but it get old quickly. I enjoy the Java Drew Estates latte better than Tabak. It’s a perfect amount of smoothness and sweetness."
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"One of my favorites. Smooth, tasty and mild flavored cigar."
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,What can I say?!?,"Tabak Especial, in every iteration, is a AMAZING smoke! My ABSOLUTE favorite go to smoke!!"
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,They were great!,They were great!
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,4 out of 5,I enjoyed,I enjoyed
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,4 out of 5,Breakfast Smoke,"This is my breakfast smoke. Light, smooth and sweet."
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,Tabak cafe con leche,"Very smooth, I thought in the beginning that it would be too sweet from the immediate fragrance and taste of the wrapping, however once I began to smoke the cigar the tobacco balanced it out. Very pleased!"
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,Love Tabak!,"I love the Tabak cigars from Drew Estates. If you only have time for a small cigar, the especial colada is a great choice!"
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"great cigar, burn is great flavor is great"
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,Tabak Red Eye,Wonderful flavor. Enjoyed my first one after a stressful day at work.
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,Coffe infused...,"Smooth as silk!!!! and it smells nice as well. Not like most cigars you light people want you to put it out immediately...
The red eye is my favorite !!"
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,4 out of 5,beast,best smoke ever
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,My dessert,One of my favorite for an after dinner wind down. Love it because I get a little coffee/dessert but also feel like I am smoking a good cigar at the same time.
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Burns evenly nice gray ash. Wonderful flavor.
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,Red Eye,My all time favorite cigar; think of it as a Montecristo Media Noche' with notes of coffee!
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,My favorite options,My favorite options
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,4 out of 5,Good Smoke!,Not a top 5 but I will be buying a 5 pack on occasion for a change of pace.;
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,My favorite cigar,My favorite cigar. It has a full deep bodied flavor and the nuances I seek in a cigar. I first smoked them at a campout and have not stopped buying them since. Everyone I've introduced them to has loved them.
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,They were great!,They were great!
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Love CI. Great prices. Quick delivery even with the world the way it is today and they take care of us Firefighter Coos AND First responders. 🚒🚓 MUCH love for CI!!!!
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,4 out of 5,Great smoke I will buy,Great smoke I will buy more of these.i love this smoke
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,Drew Estate Non-Traditional 5-Cigar Sampler,Red Eyes are always great! I buy them every time I see them on sale. Best infused cigar on the market!
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,4 out of 5,great,way better than the red eye in flight( that being a joke )
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,Excellent aroma.,"this is one of my favorites, sweet wrapper, which I really like, but the aroma.. was mellow, and pleasant. easy draw, but not really loose, just smooth. The last 3rd had a mint flavor, but lightly."
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,4 out of 5,Great smokes!,Great smokes!
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,Graet cigar!!,Smooth and very tasteful. Great aroma as well.
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,spot on !,always a great smoke !
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,"Smooth, good taste, decent draw. Will buy them again.",Delicious cigars.
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,love them,great balance and flavor
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,My Favorite,My favorite. I have purchased several boxes over the years.
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,Delicious,My favorite flavored cigar. It's just a little bit better than the Java.
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,"Buy far my favorite cigar,","Buy far my favorite cigar, love the taste and the aroma you get off them . Nobody ever complains when I light one up . They always say how good they smell."
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,The Red Eye,"This is one of my favorites. No wait, this IS my favorite cigar. Medium to full-bodied with notes of coffee and Earth with a slight hint of sweetness"
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,Tabak,Great coffee tasting flavor and smoke
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,Great taste with light flavour,I like the light flavour witch still allows to taste the high quality tobacco that was used to put this amazing treat together.
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,Great flavor,Great flavor stout
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,Decent,Best coffee cigar!
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,Highly recommended,Highly recommended
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,Red Eye,Great cigar!
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,Cigars,Very great smokes
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,Awesome smoke like a Tabak,Awesome smoke like a Tabak but much more interesting and complex
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,4 out of 5,"red eye, without red eyes.","good smoke, flavor, without too much flavor. good Maduro type smoke."
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,Classic with a Pigtail,"Tabak Redeye is a consistently smooth, flavorful smoke that delivers throughout the entire length. A sweet start that produces hints of cream, cedar, and leather, but stays mellow - makes you wish it was longer."
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,Love infused smokes,Nice sticks. Wish i could afford a box of them
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,A Great Choice!,Without a question this happens to be my Number One choice. There is nothing close to it.
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,"My daily indulgence, I am the official Drew Estate Fan Boy!","This is hands down my favorite cigar, I try to get one in every day. It’s like a delicious after dinner desert, chocolate, wood, coffee, notes, and the best part no calories! I know a lot of people turn there nose up to infused cigars, too those people I say a few things, 1) your loss more for me.... 2) not everyone can afford to smoke a Padrone or an Opus X every day even though many of your Facebook feeds would make us think otherwise 3) Drew Estate, to me makes a most consistent and affordable stick for the money.
The Red Eye is a maduro-wrapped lovely and the equivalent to a triple espresso-laced cup of coffee, thanks to 3 extra doses of ligero, while still maintaining a slight influence of rich coffee subtleties throughout the blend. This is not an Acid line stick, its from the Tabac Especial Line.
More ligero means more Nicaraguan tobacco goodness, and Red Eye certainly satisfies. A rich core of black tobacco flavors and bold earthy undertones is met with subtle hints of coffee and sweetness - a sweetness that fades as the aged long-leaf ligeros take center stage. This is a stick that I always smoke down to the absolute nub. Try it I bet you will like it too, and there isn’t a better smelling 2nd hand smoke that this. Your wives might even let you enjoy one in the house."
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,Great holiday smoke,Great holiday smoke
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,"Nice smoke, great with a","Nice smoke, great with a cup of coffee."
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,Red Eye a Great Smoke,"Had a couple of these in a combo pack and thought they were great.
Just treated myself to a box of 21. Great smoke."
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,Tabak Red Eye,Another fantastic cigar from Drew Estates
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,Good an smooth cigar with,Good an smooth cigar with a nice Tate to it
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,keep your eye on the red eye!,"great flavor & long burn, can't wait for another sale on them!!!"
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,Love em,Love em
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,Great!,Great!
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,Keith's,I'm a huge Drew estate fan don't know that this is my favorite but it's right up in the top three very smooth very flavorful great aroma keep them in my box all the time my friends have tried them and they came back with total agreement that they are really good would recommend them to anybody you won't be disappointed.
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,Great Deal and great service!,Great Deal and great service!
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,Love Tabak,"I am a big fan of Drew Estate, especially the Tabak. Very smooth, very nice after a meal. Highly recommend"
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,The real deal,"I've smoked a lot of different cigars over the years but this is the best tasting one I've smoked yet,it's just the right size for a flavored cigar, keeps it's flavor all the way to the end.This beauty actually has a real coffee taste unlike some of the cheaper cigars.I'll buy these as long as they make um."
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,4 out of 5,Nice sweet cigar perfect with coffee or dessert,"Had one at a buddy's at night with a whiskey, great taste. I found myself wondering what it would be like in the am with coffee or something and DING DING that's the combination! A great morning cigar or dessert cigar due to how sweet it is. My wife commented on how it smelled and even tried it for a bit"
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,Red Eye,"One of my favorites, sweet taste with hints of coco."
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,Great cigar,If you like cigars with a cafe taste this is a good one.
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,4 out of 5,nice,nice
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,4 out of 5,Tabak Especial,"Very good coffee flavored cigar.
Coffee and sugar are the initial aromas upon opening the cigar.
Once lit the coffee flavor is prevalent.
A good draw from start to finish."
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,Love the flavor. My favorite.,Love the flavor. My favorite.
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,Quickly becoming a favorite,Quickly becoming a favorite
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,"My favorite cigar, the flavor","My favorite cigar, the flavor is incredible , everybody I introduced this Cigar to loves it"
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,One of my newest favs!,Great tasting smooth cigar that smells as awesome as it taste!
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,Never bad,"I will always snap these up , when they go on special it is even better !"
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,Phenomenal Smoke!,"If Drew Estate has missed the mark with a stogie I’m not aware of it, and Tabak Especial is no exception. Nothing but love for this stick, with my morning coffee or an after dinner snack, You can’t go wrong."
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,Great delivery,Great delivery
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,Great taste and smooth,Great taste and smooth
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,4 out of 5,Good sticks,Good sticks
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"One of my favorites. Smooth, tasty and mild flavored cigar."
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,What can I say?!?,"Tabak Especial, in every iteration, is a AMAZING smoke! My ABSOLUTE favorite go to smoke!!"
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,4 out of 5,beast,best smoke ever
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,Great flavor,Great flavor
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,Fantastic cigar,I love these cigars for the great taste.
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,3 out of 5,Fair,Good flavors. Poor construction. Doesn’t burn evenly.
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,Especial is special,"My favorite infused cigar. Quick burning , smooth and tasty until the end"
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,4 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,Love these,Great flavors and aroma. Fan favorite.
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,4 out of 5,great cigars,I love these
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,New go to,"Great cigar. Burn,draw, and aroma."
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,4 out of 5,Tabak Especial Limited Cafe Con Leche or coffee and cream!!! Magnifique!,"This is a great smoke, when the smell and taste of the wrapper are at their prime. When they have passed it or are less infused it is still an above average smoke. Good burn if I light it evenly. Good smoke and aroma, not too harsh at first perhaps a little as it gets to where I generally smoke it.. It is one of my all time favorites and it could be yours as well!"
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,Nice!,Just now enjoying my first one of these. Excellent smoke. Nice switch from my regular go to (CAO Brazilia Gol). Since I now have 20 of these in my humidor.....I expect to smoke many of these with a cup of coffee or a glass of Knappogue Castle!!!
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,My favorite,Now this one is a good mix of chocolate and coffee flavors.
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,Great smoke.,Great cigar. My wife especially enjoys the flavor.
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,Great taste!,Great taste!
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,Outstanding cigars,One of the best infused cigars on the market. Wish I could have given it a sixth star.
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,Perfect Lady Stick,"Sweet, medium bodied, satisfying!"
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,My new go to,"Great cigar, easy draw, even burn, great taste and the best of all is the aroma. Got these on a CI special. Wished I ordered 2 boxes. Thanks CI"
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,a personal favorite,When I splurge on a special gift for myself this is it! An excellent smoke! Finely crafted!
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,Amazing,"What a treat, I bought these on sale that came along with a Drew Estates 5 cigar sampler. Great flavor, even burn and the aroma is awesome. Shipment was super fast. Only thing I’m disappointed in is I should have ordered 2 boxes at this price. Thanks CI."
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,amazing taste,This is my all time favorite after dinner smoke. Skip the desert tray and head to the porch with a Tabak Especial limited Cafe con Leche.
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,Awesome,"Great cigar. Got these on sale that also came along with a Drew Estates 5 cigar sampler. Even burn, great taste, great aroma. Shipment was very quick. Only thing I regret is I didn't order 2 boxes. Thank you CI"
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,**,"All I can say is WOW!!! I ordered these on Monday and received on Friday. I finished diner and smoked one of these great sticks with a glass of Bullitt Bourbon Rye. Can't wait until the morning to have one with a cup of coffee. What a great deal, came with a Drew Estates 5 cigar sampler. My only regret is I didn't order 2 boxes. Put them on sale again CI. Thank you CI."
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,"Tabak ""the Great""","In my opinion, Tabak conquer all cigars. I've been hooked ever since I lay my lips on one of those. Great cigars!!!"
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,"Fantastic smooth, flavorful cigar. Great","Fantastic smooth, flavorful cigar. Great with a cup of coffee in the morning or with a glass of Jameson cold brew in the evening. One of my all time favorites."
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,"Great cigar, i have purchased several boxes of them and they all tend to be the same great smoke. I would recommend this cigar to anyone."
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,Good flavor with a nice draw.,This is a good after dinner cigar to have in place of a dessert. Sweet coffee flavor is just right.
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,Awesome service! Awesome cigars at,Awesome service! Awesome cigars at an awesome price!!
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,Excellent,"Excellent aroma, taste and draw. Burns evenly"
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,Awesome,Cafe con Leches are awesome. Great cigar.
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,Totally awesome,Totally awesome
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,Great stick when I want,Great stick when I want something different
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,Enjoyable stick,"Just got the pack of 5 throughly enjoyed great taste, burn was good and nice aroma. I’ll definitely keep these in my humidor. I’ll probably get the box next time. Fan of Tabak for sure."
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,Top shelf,Excellent cigar with a smooth coffee taste which the flavor is not overwhelming.
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,4 out of 5,Excellent,"Excellent, enjoyed these."
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,4 out of 5,Tabak luxury,Thick white smoke and smooth flavor. An excellent after dinner delight..
Drew Estate Undercrown Dojo Dogma,5 out of 5,Top shelf.,Top shelf.
Drew Estate Undercrown Dojo Dogma,5 out of 5,Dogma,Love these boxpresses. Radical departure from your typical Undercrown.
Drew Estate Undercrown Dojo Dogma,5 out of 5,Smooth,Love these even more now that I can get them!
Drew Estate Undercrown Dojo Dogma,4 out of 5,Half-great,"I've had about 50 of the regular Undercrown Maduro and I love them. The Dojo is definitely more full in body and in flavor. In fact, the flavors in this cigar are incredible! I like it better than LP#9, which I've smoked about a dozen. However, my favorite is the LPT52. I've had about 40 of them and just love the full-bodied, spicy smoke. I've only smoked one Dojo and the only reason I give it 4 stars is because the first half of it burned unevenly. There was a small void in the fillers right on the wide flat area of this box-press smoke. The 2nd half burned nicely and was a pure pleasure to smoke. The draw and smoke output was good through the whole cigar. If not for the burn issue, would rate it 5 stars. Hopefully, the other 9 cigars I got will smoke like the 2nd half of this cigar and not the first half."
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,4 out of 5,Good cigar,"Good cigar, you already know what to expect from Drew Estate."
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,VERY NICE,VERY NICE
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,Gran Toro,Tasty. Good draw
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,Fantastic cigar if you like a smooth DARK draw.,A lot like the Liga #9 to me. Just much cheaper
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,4 out of 5,Nice smoke,"Just enjoyable to have a small cigar for those times when a full hour isn't available, but you really crave a nice little bump during the day. Good product."
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,Drew's Best,This is one of my very favorite sticks. Smooth and full of flavor.
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,What a great smoke ...,Love the individual packaging and the cut tips that hold the cigar in place is a nice touch.... best ones yet.
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,4 out of 5,Small but tasty,When you are just wanting a taste and don’t have time
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,Good Quality,"Lots of flavor, but smooth."
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,4 out of 5,Excellent Cigar,Excellent Cigar
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,Great maduro option,Mellow smoke with leather and coffee undertones.
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,Real good creamy rich vanilla,Real good creamy rich vanilla spice good quick smoke
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,very nice,very nice
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent stick. Always wanted to,"Excellent stick. Always wanted to try it, glad for the purchase."
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,Drew estate undercrown,Good taste great smoke for a short break.
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,Worth every penny.,Perfect little stick for running around the house. What it lacks in size it makes up for in flavor. My only regret is not buying more.
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,Worth it plus more,Very smooth great aroma and great finish. By far one of my favorite
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,Lovely smoke !,"Wow what a cigar and a great price ! Strong flavors come thru oak, woody, vanilla bean just lovely and burned perfectly. These will get better when aging them."
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,4 out of 5,An after dinner delight,Nice well made and flavorful delight. A smaller ring size might help bring out the flavors a bit more. Of coarse that is just my preference talking. This cigar would completely satisfy many cigar nuts for sure!
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,Great....A1A....perfect,Great....A1A....perfect
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,Just an Outrageous smoke. Will,Just an Outrageous smoke. Will be ordering more soon. Have a wonderful day
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke,And you can beat the price 👍🏽
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,Excellent cigar
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,Nice Cigars,Great cigars
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,4 out of 5,Great smoke,Love what they have done with this blend. Excellent wrapper and flavor. You can smoke this one all the way down and still enjoy the quality .
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,Exceptional,CI has ALWAYS had exceptional customer service!! Their five packs arrive in top condition ready to enjoy.
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,Consistently Great,Consistently great from stick to stick. One of my all time favorites.
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,One of my all-time favorites,"One of my all-time favorites. I can't taste every ""note"" in a cigar, but I know what tastes great to me, and this one is consistently great tasting, and has a lot of smoke output, which I really like."
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent,"Well built, substantial wrapper, no thick stems, burns evenly and tastes vey good with hints of earthy tones. Not a killer full bodied like a Punisher or LFD but a very respectable full. I'm a multi-cigar a day smoker and I've tried 800+ different cigars, this is a strong 8 out of 10."
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,Great choice,"I just can't get away from this cigar, I never thought I'd like a full bodied cigar till I had undercrown. I will be making another purchase soon for this great cigar."
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,Drew Estate's Undercrown,"One of the top cigars I smoke. Always burns evenly, no stalks in the cigar, and the flavor is amazing. I highly recommend this masterpiece."
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,Perfect,"The is absolutely nothing wrong with this stick, perfect anytime, great price, well made brilliance! Keep on hand at all times."
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,Great everyday stick,One of my favorites
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,4 out of 5,Good Cigars & Great Deal.,"You Guys Are Awesome, But I Do Have One Request(Never Change) !"
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,4 out of 5,Nice smooth burn,Nice smooth burn
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,Cigars,Very good cigar enjoyed smoking this cigar
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,My favorite and go to cigar,"Great cigar! Smooth, nice taste, good burn."
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,Undercrown,"Even burn, soft smooth flavor but very rich. A go to cigar"
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,Superb smoke!,"The Undercrown Shade Belicoso is an outstanding smooth, well balanced smoke. Heartily recommend it!"
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,Always a great cigar,"Great burn, delicious flavor all the things you want in a great cigar"
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,Drew Estate Undercrown Gran Toro,"These are my regular smokes, 2 to 3 a week. I buy a box of these every couple months because they taste great and consistently burn well."
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,Robust and flavorful throughout,"Now one of my very favorites, along with several other Drew Estate productions!"
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,Well Rounded and Pleasant Cigar,I can't overstate how well rounded and pleasant this cigar is. Pricy? Yes. Worth it? Yes - every penny and more. Outstanding. I put it up against anything my humidor has ever held.
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,My go to smoke,My go to smoke
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,Outstanding in every way.,"No flaws at all. Absolutely enjoyable smoke all the way to the nub. I've never smoked a Liga, but I can now say those must be one of the best smokes on the planet if they put these to shame. The only bad thing about buying a box is the sinking feeling you get when you smoke your way to the bottom and realize you only have a few of these beauties left to enjoy."
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,Undercrown quality,"It's funny, the density of cigars...I realize humidification,age and storage techniques all factor in but when we receive cigars boxed from you I'm assuming the cigars are as close to proper as were gonna get...I love the density of the Undercrowns...............Thank You"
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,4 out of 5,Heady yet smooth,Lovely tasting after a spell in the humidor.
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,Big fan of Undercrown Maduro,"Simply outstanding for the price. Smooth, flavorful and well constructed. I will take this in any of the vitolas that Drew Estates offers. It's a ""go to"" for me."
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,4 out of 5,Good,Good
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,5 out of 5,Good draw perfect for those,Good draw perfect for those 30 minute commutes
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,4 out of 5,Good.,Good.
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,5 out of 5,Excellent cigars!,"Really enjoying my new box of Shade Undercrowns. Very even burn, superb flavor. I highly recommend you try these!"
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,5 out of 5,Is Good,Is Good
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,5 out of 5,Smooth and medium-mild,"This has been my go to smoke for a while now. Burns well, last long, smooth and medium to mild flavor."
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,5 out of 5,Pretty great,These are beautiful and delicious cigars. I bought some of the small coronas at the same time and Pigs are a serious step up in flavor because of the larger format. The only slight negative is that the shape is not as comfortable to hold in your mouth as a box pressed or perfecto would be.
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,5 out of 5,Go to cigar,Go to cigar
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,5 out of 5,Perfect daily,Perfect daily
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,4 out of 5,Steeler fan,Excellent mild cigar
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,5 out of 5,🏌🏾‍♂️9 hole,Perfect mild cigar for my 9 hole league and the sampler pack drew estates dark wrapper are great for relaxing after golf
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,5 out of 5,An Excellent i8gar,"I had the pleasure of enjoying of this cigar in the past and was very impressed by them. I enjoyed the fact that they were mild and not harsh. When I saw the fantastic offer that Cigar International had, I did not hesitate to buy 2 boxes (of 25) for my Granddaughter's upcoming wedding. A cigar that is good enough for that occasion."
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,5 out of 5,good cigar,"starts off a little bitter, then settles into a good smoke, burns nice and even
I like them"
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,5 out of 5,Another Classic from Drew Estates,"Drew Estates Undercrown Shade is a perfect medium bodied smoke wrapped in luscious CT wrap. It has a sublime draw that pulls in toasty creamy flavor, and fills your mouth with plumes of smoke. It has a classic crisp taste that has elements of toast and coffee that is beautifully complex on the palate. It reminds be of Vegas Gold's bigger brother. This is and always will be one of my fave CT wrapped med. bodied smokes. Try one and you will not be disappointed. Highly recommend this one - Good on Drew Estates for a job well done!"
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,5 out of 5,Fantastic stick! ... but some issues,"This is an outstanding cigar. Great flavor, most of the box smoked good however there were a few that were solid as a rock in the middle and I struggled to get past it. Once I got over the hard chunk it picked right back up and finished perfect. Maybe a quality control issue? Surprising from Drew.
I would still recommend this smoke any day, it’s really mild but still pacs flavor."
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,5 out of 5,"Excellent Contruction, Solid Smoke","Solid Smoke is right. A beautiful wrapper, great construction, razor burn line, good draw. Nice creaminess from that Ecuadorian CT shade. Its all good."
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,5 out of 5,"Great smoke, Great price","Great smoke, Great price"
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,4 out of 5,Good Cigars,My favorite cigar that Drew Estates puts out. Came packaged pretty nice. Would buy again.
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,4 out of 5,Smooth and satisfying,I first experienced Undercrown as a freebie add on to a box purchase. A smooth and tasty cigar that is now one of my favorites. I love high quality Connecticut cigars and Undercrown fits the bill.
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,4 out of 5,"Medium strength, great flavor and","Medium strength, great flavor and burns well. Fine cigar."
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,5 out of 5,Shades of greatness!,"I ordered these very nice looking cigars because of just that, their looks. They look great! When received, these Connecticut wrapped beauties were way past my expections. I've never written a review of a cigar before, and I've been smoking cigars for over 40 years. And I really know smoke as I'm a retired Career Fire Fighter. Very, very smooth with a ""smokey"" richness that rolls over the pallet and doesn't stop until you are finished. I don't understand how they formulated this ""new to me"" cigar to have a powerful smoothness but they have--IN SPADES!! Or maybe I should say IN SHADEs!! BRAVO!"
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,5 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar. Smokes evenly.
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,5 out of 5,Can’t go wrong,Received these in the cream of the Connecticut crop sampler. All in the sampler are good but this one is by far the best. Very mellow. Smooth even burn and lasted over an hour. Will but again
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,4 out of 5,Mildly wonderful,These are a bit pricey by CI standards...but are a very good mellow cigar. Smooth to the last draw.
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,5 out of 5,Mellow and creamy,"I was gifted about half a box of these beauties by my father in law. While my humidor is filled with some cheaper everyday options, and I'm generally more of a Maduro fella, I find myself craving these constantly. They start off smoothe and creamy, and develop into a sweet zestiness that keeps billowing creamy (there's that word again) smoke. I keep waiting for them to burn hot or bitter towards the end, but all that happens is that I want another. Great cigar to enjoy while reflecting on the day with an evening coffee! Do yourself a favor and give some a try, even if you like bolder cigars, they're worth it!!"
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,3 out of 5,Disappointed,I was expecting more from Drew Estate but this one is simply smoke. No complexity - actually not much in the way of flavors at all. Tried two just to make sure I wasn’t having an off day but both were the same. Gave the rest away.
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,4 out of 5,Quality and Value,"Good smoke, milder, great value…good burn and a good hour spent with a glass of Rye"
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,5 out of 5,Undercrown awesome,The undercrown shade is one of my top 5 cigars a very mild to medium stick minimum veins tight wrap beautiful cap and just a delicious cigar overall from start to finish
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,4 out of 5,Smooth n creamy,Lit one out of the box. First draw produced creamy notes. Burned true.
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,4 out of 5,Very smooth smoke with a,Very smooth smoke with a little spice
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,5 out of 5,Great everyday smoke,Instant favorite following my first stick. Checks all the boxes for my palate. Medium (to mild ) blend that is smooth yet complex enough flavorwise to keep it interesting throughout the whole smoke. Doesn't overpower on strength and only subtle spice. The construction and burn have been flawless in all that I've smoke. Definitely recommend for those looking to step up from a strictly mild smoke or looking for a change of pace cigar from the fuller/bolder smokes.
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,5 out of 5,High quality,"These are very flavorful but still on the mild side. I wish they were a little cheaper I'd make them my go-to cigar. Out of my box of 25 I have about 5 left, all of them burned perfectly. If the smoker likes medium/mild flavor then this is a good choice. Bottom line: I would recommend these. KM 7/2018"
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,5 out of 5,Great smokes.,Never disappoints. CI takes care of business. DE4L.
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,4 out of 5,An out standing cigar right,"An out standing cigar right from the mailbox, can’t wait to try one after a few weeks of rest in my humidor"
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,5 out of 5,Love these cigars.,Love these cigars.
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,5 out of 5,Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,"One of the best smoking cigars I have had for the price. I am a mild/mild medium smoker and these are the best. Burn smooth, finish clean, and are very well made. Will not hesitate to buy more at CI prices."
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,5 out of 5,Good cigar,Nice price good cigar
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,5 out of 5,Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,My new favorite cigar. Mild and draws and burns superbly
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,5 out of 5,Smooth,A good 45min smoke!
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,5 out of 5,Undercrown Cigars,I love these cigars. They are top quality and consistently smoke smooth and even. All my friends love when I share one of these delicious cigars. Will definitely order again.
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,4 out of 5,Great Mild Cigar,"This cigar is a wonderful mild cigar, and I really enjoy it with a cup of coffee in the morning. It is smooth and creamy, with just a little touch of spice."
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,5 out of 5,Drew Estate,You can never go wrong picking any of the Drew estate's
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,5 out of 5,Drew Estates Undercrown Shade,"My friend and I have split a box of these each time we find them on sale at CI, with the free shipping and the 15 cigar sample it is an unbeatable deal. The Undercrown Shade Corona Doble is always a delicious smoke from beginning to end. Medium-bodied, lush & ultra-smooth. never harsh, even down to the last inch. The Ecuadorian Connecticut wrapper, Sumatran binder, and combined fillers definitely make it one of our favorites and maybe number one in this price range. For the money there is no better tasting cigar."
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,5 out of 5,Outstanding Smoke,"As noted in the title, this is an outstanding smoke from start to finish. Well done Drew Estate!"
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,3 out of 5,Ok,"Not bad, but not my favorite. It’s a pleasant smoke."
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Smooth and mellow. Good burn. I really like Drew Estate and Connecticut cigars so this was a no brainer. It didn't disappoint.
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,5 out of 5,Undercrown,"Nice mellow cigar, very good burn, I will definitely buy another box."
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,5 out of 5,Loved it,"Vey mellow , but very tasty. Really sweet taste. Great smoke"
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,3 out of 5,Fine cigar,"Don’t enjoy taking off end ring, burns well for a medium cigar"
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,5 out of 5,YUP,Light but great smoke and draw
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Good deal,Individually wrapped and the Tin had a Boveda packet included inside. Good cigarillo great value.
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Undercrown Sun Grown,"Light, creamy, and very very smooth smoke for any time of day...great stick"
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,4 out of 5,It's a great addition to,It's a great addition to the Undercrown family of cigars. It met my expectations after smoking both the Maduro and shade Flying Pig cigars. I you enjoy a larger ring gage cigar This is one to try. It's long lasting enough for a good s.oke for It's stubby size and has all the earthy richness you expect from a sun grown cigar.
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,4 out of 5,smooth and flavorable will purchase,smooth and flavorable will purchase again.
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,4 out of 5,"Good cigar, good value.","Good cigar, good value."
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Drew Estate always delivers,Great cigar and a great deal
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Excellent CIgar,"Very nice smoke, mild tangy taste. Burned perfectly much better than the Undercrown Maduro."
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Pretty tasty,Pretty tasty
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Tom’s thoughts,Smooth smoke for a great price. Great for smoking outside on the deck with a cold XX beer.
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Superb,One of my top five and I have smokes cigars for over fifty years
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Undercrown Sungrown,"Honestly one of my top 5 cigars. Didn’t think much of it when I was given one. That’s why it sat in my humidor for 4 years. 67% 67*. I loved it so much once I smoked it, I immediately bought a box. Taste is a bit different aged a couple of months in my humidor. But still superb. Thank you Drew Estate for making excellent cigars. Thank you CI for offering great deals."
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Undercrown Sungrown,"Drew once again provides a superb cigar, nice spice and pepper on the retro hale"
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar one of my,Excellent cigar one of my favorite
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Undercrown Sungrown,Love this blend. Awesome!!
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Undergrown is Outstanding,"This cigar has a flavor that I personally like. Paired with a single malt scotch whiskey that was finished in a bourbon barrel, it brings out the peppery flavor of this fine cigar. The smoke gives off a white flume and the burn is flawless. Price is very good for the quality."
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Nice flavor,Enjoyed the cigar. Left it in humidor for a week but it still split while smoking - as did a second one a few days later
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Very enjoyable,Very enjoyable
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,5 out of 5,My favorite!,My favorite!
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Quality smoke,Drew Estate cigars are always a good smoke
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,4 out of 5,One of my go to,One of my go to sticks
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,3 out of 5,almost 4 stars but not 4 stars,"I have been searching for a great everyday cigar. I smoke at least one but most likely two cigars a day. It is not the cigar I have been looking for,"
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,3 out of 5,"Dry, cedar. That’s it","Wanted to love these, but after 3 I can say they are just ok. Not much flavor. Dry cedar is the only flavor. They burn pretty well though. I would not buy again."
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Sun grown flying pig,Absolutely awesome. A regular in the rotation now.
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,They are smooth and full of flavor! Always a good burn.
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,5 out of 5,The Best hands down,Worth every cent greatest cigars I have ever smoked!!!!
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Love the pigs,These cigars are flavor bombs. Construction is excellent. Draw is great with lots of complex smoke. The pigs are great
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Great Stick,"There's not much else that can be said about this cigar, great stick through and through. For any cigar smoker that loves their Maduro's you can't go wrong here."
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Flying Pigs,Very good smoke from start to finish.
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Excellent stick! Drew Estate does,Excellent stick! Drew Estate does it again!
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,5 out of 5,New favorite,I'm a big fan of most all Drew Estates cigars. The Undercrown Sun Grown has become my new favorite.
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Smooth,"Enjoyed the sun grown ,as I do all the undercrown line, sungrown was smooth and flavorful."
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,3 out of 5,A little too strong for,A little too strong for me. Hard on the draw.
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Undercrown Sun Grown Robusto,real nice smoke!
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Under crown sungrown,Great deal fast free shipping. Awesome cigars!
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Excellent wveryday smoke,"Been a Drew Estate fan for a long time and this one is excellant . Powerful but balanced , nice even burn with a good draw every time . Of the 3 undercrowns this one is the best"
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,5 out of 5,A true tasty stick,"The undercrown line is loved by many for it's Maduro and Connecticut blends. The latest release of the Sungrown with it's similarly styled red band does not disappoint. While having more spice than it's predecessors the Sun Grown comes in with smoothness after the first inch or so and burns like a true gem to the nub.
If you like Drew Estate's natural flavor line, you will love these."
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Being a fan of Drew Estates and the other Undercrown offerings I was not surprised when I fell in love with this one. Strong rich flavor but not too spicy or earthy. It is at the top of my favorites list.
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Undercrown Sungrown,The entire Liga Privida family of cigars are excellent. The Undercrown Sungrown exhibits a natural sweetness and unique flavor profile that sets it apart. Truly one of my favorite cigars.
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Good Sun Grown,"Strong, flavorful and nice smoke. I think they are better than their FSG"
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,5 out of 5,BUY,Flying Pigs are such a great morning cigar with a coffee
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Lasts 8 holes,"I try to find cigars that are mild, good burning, have unique tastes and last at least nine holes (golfing). This one lasts 8 holes but meets all the other requirements."
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Very good not great.,Same as the traditional undercrown but with a less complicated flavor profile.
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,5 out of 5,"The Undercrown Sungrown smoked great... Great burn, draw and taste.","I'm a big fan of Drew Estate Liga Privada, so I gave these a try because CI was running a special during Christmas. The Undercrown Sungrown smoked great... Great burn, draw and taste."
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Rich smoke,"Another great cigar from Drew Estate. The Undercrown Sungrown is an amazing strong cigar, oily and spicy. Very elegant!"
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Frequent cigar smoker,"This cigar is excellent. Smoke when fresh, well constructed, even burn, perfect draw. Medium to full. Excellent"
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Great cigars,These cigars are a must-try I started out with a 5-pack and wished I had bought a box
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Short great smoke,Nice burn good ash great flavor awesome conversation look
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Sun grown,Great cigar. If you’re looking for full flavored this is it
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Undercrown Sungrown Robusto,"Awesome price, and bonus goodies made for a better deal..... Shipping was fast and on time"
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Great Smoke !!!,Master Blender Willie Herrera has knocked this one out of the park .....great cigar !!!
Dunhill 1907,4 out of 5,Quick smoke with decent taste.,Quick smoke with decent taste. The deal was very good though.
Dunhill 1907,4 out of 5,Maybe not,"I like the flavor, I like the strength, I love the ring size, length is just a bit short for me. Draw is good. Burn, however, is not. Or at best uneven. A few cigars burned perfectly. Some were just canoes. It was a great deal at the sale price. Maybe not at full price."
Dunhill 1907,3 out of 5,dunhill 1907 rothchild,it's a pleasant smoke but doesn't have any unique characteristics
Dunhill 1907,3 out of 5,Dunhill 1907,These cigars were very consistent in their flavor and strength. They were well made and burned well. Overall just a little bit drier taste than what I usually prefer. I prefer a deeper oilier flavor.
Dunhill 1907,5 out of 5,Nice smoke,Nice smoke
Dunhill 1907,4 out of 5,Pleasant and relaxing,Good for an occasional mild smoke
Dunhill 1907,3 out of 5,Someone disappointed,Expected more flavor than this one delivered.
Dunhill 1907,5 out of 5,Awesome!,Great service and quick shipping!
Dunhill Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Dark goodness in a convenient size,Perfect quick break that somehow lasted an hour will diffinately order again.
Dunhill Aged Maduro,3 out of 5,Not my style,Enjoyed but a little tight will not reorder
Dunhill Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,👍🏻,👍🏻
Dunhill Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Nice cigars and excellent customer,Nice cigars and excellent customer service !
Dunhill Heritage,5 out of 5,Dunhill,GREAT SMOKE
Dunhill Heritage,3 out of 5,Middle of the road stick.,"I received a 5 pack of the toro's in a purchase with other cigars. Of the 5 sticks one was utterly horrible due to inconsistent burn and unraveling and the taste of burnt wood. I let the other 4 season a few more weeks in my humidor before trying the 2nd stick. The 2nd stick was fantastic, even burn smooth draw and nice flavors throughout. The other 3, the last of which I'm smoking now is just ok. Draw is fine, flavors good but the inconsistent burn annoys me. Not the worse cigar I've had and not one I'll go out of my way to find again but will have if presented to me."
Dunhill Heritage,5 out of 5,My new favorite,"I received five of these in a variety pack and had to go right back and buy 20 more.
Perfect construction leading to a perfect burn with good medium strength to go with perfect flavor and lots of smoke.
Leave it to an old company like Dunhill (I love watching the Dunhill Links golf Championship on the European Tour every fall) to create my new favorite.."
Dunhill Heritage,5 out of 5,good cigar,first time very good cigar
Dunhill Heritage,4 out of 5,Very nice medium cigar,"Very nice cigar. Excellent construction, beautiful wrapper, firm, nice burn though it starts out a little tight, consistent flavor throughout, good with a glass of scotch."
Dunhill Heritage,3 out of 5,Nothing Special,"Good cigar, burned well but didn’t have that special something you look for in a premium cigar"
Dunhill Heritage,1 out of 5,Not good at all.,Not good at all.
Dunhill Heritage,5 out of 5,Good cigar,So far all I have smoked have been well worth the money!
Dunhill Heritage,4 out of 5,Nice cigar,Good smoke great balance and construction
Dunhill Heritage,4 out of 5,Decent,Decent
Dunhill Heritage,3 out of 5,Not very smooth,"Purchased as part of a sampler pack, overall not too impressed. Definetly a medium cigar but the after taste was not very good. Good cigars leave a guy wanting more which this doesn't do for me. Don't mean to scare anyone off but this one ain't my cup off tea. It did burn good and smoke evenly though."
Dunhill Heritage,5 out of 5,Best Dunhill in years!,"This is a great cigar at a great price! Great flavor profile, not terribly complex, but created a few curves in the road that made the experience enjoyable enough to want more."
Dunhill Heritage,3 out of 5,Just an average cheap cigar,Doesn't taste bitter or canoe and it stays lit. Great cigar for when you want a smoke while doing something else. It isn't the best but then again you aren't paying top dollar either. Also good for giving to friends who don't really smoke much. You can take this out of your humidor and not miss it. They will like it fine as it isn't overly strong.
Dunhill Heritage,5 out of 5,Great little cigar,Excellent smoke. Burned well. Smooth until the last draw.
Dunhill Heritage,4 out of 5,Decent smoke,"Not bad flavor and pretty strong, a good value. No complaints but probably won’t order again because so many better choices available."
Dunhill Heritage,5 out of 5,Fit for the Prime Minister!,"Ordered this smoke after reading that Winston Churchill smoked these. Im sure they aren't exactly the same as 1940 but they are darned good. I would categorize these as stronger than a medium but not quite a strong cigar. Almost though. It has a strong flavor that is more spice than bitter, unlike so many maduros. If you like strong cigars with some flavor, instead of strong that just taste like licking an ashtray then I highly recommend giving the Dunhill Heritage a try!"
Dunhill Heritage,5 out of 5,dunhill heritage toro,"great deal, great cigar"
Dunhill Heritage,4 out of 5,A Dunhill gem,The Heritage is an excellent cigar. I have smoked many of them and keep ordering on a regular basis. It's a solid medium strength with lots of flavour and has good burn quality.
Dunhill Heritage,5 out of 5,great,great
Dunhill Heritage,5 out of 5,Very good,"Good flavor, draw and burn"
Dunhill Heritage,4 out of 5,Pretty good smoke,"Nice draw, nice taste - stays lit without touch up"
Dunhill Heritage,4 out of 5,A Nice Smoke,"I had heard good things about Dunhill. The price tag on these seemed reasonable so I chose to give them a try. Glad I did. Great tasting and long lasting cigar with a good burn. I would definitely recommend these, especially for the price. I am thinking that I will buy more in the future."
Dunhill Heritage,4 out of 5,enjoyable smoke,"well made, burns good, improves throughout"
Dunhill Heritage,5 out of 5,These are nice! I want some more.,"I nice smooth, full bodied smoke. I've had two of them and want to smoke the rest. No aging needed with them. Then I want more of them."
Dunhill Heritage,5 out of 5,Good smoke!,"Beautifully constructed cigar with a good draw and great burn. Bold, in-your-face flavors; really interesting and enjoyable.. There's depth and a richness that I really like. (Not my morning stick, though.) Bada$$ , but classy - like James Bond..."
Dunhill Heritage,5 out of 5,Really good smoke,On my list of favorits
Dunhill Heritage,5 out of 5,"love these sticks, especially at the price point!","What can I say, great sticks at a reasonable price. Enjoy!"
Dunhill Heritage,5 out of 5,Top quality with a wonderful,Top quality with a wonderful flavor profile.
Dunhill Heritage,2 out of 5,Disappointing considering Top 25 ranking,"I've been sampling many of the 2015 Top 25, and this was one of them. As far as flavor and complexity, no issues. But the first 2 of the 5 I bought had intolerable burn and draw issues. They both burnt unevenly and had to be relit several times, and they seemed to have been rolled way too tight, I could barely get anything out of them. When I did the ywere ok, but in my opinion they're not even close to being a Top 25 cigar. INMHO try the Patel Habano or the Sublimes, much greater value and overall performance."
Dunhill Heritage,5 out of 5,Very good cigar,Very good cigar
Dunhill Heritage,5 out of 5,comeback,"Excellent, medium sweet and earthy, rich, dark tobacco tastes with mild spice. Surprising transitions and more complexity than expected. Not as strong as advertised, being medium to medium+ in strength. AND it tastes original, not a knockoff of another cigar!"
Duque,5 out of 5,Decent smoke,"As many have said before, it is a decent smoke and you won't regret the buck or so you pay for it. I agree. I bumped my review up from 4 stars to 5 because it is a good value."
Duque,5 out of 5,Great cigar for the money,Great cigar for the money
Duque,4 out of 5,Duque Toro cigars,"I have been smoking Duque toros for a very long time. I find it to be a great smoke. They burn great with a mild flavor. When you don’t have an hour to sit and smoke your cigar, I can light this cigar and enjoy it for awhile and go back to it when I can and it still taste good"
Duque,4 out of 5,Pretty Good,"pretty good cigar, the burn was not the greatest tho."
Duque,4 out of 5,Golf Course,This cigar is a great option for me to smoke while out playing golf. It has a great price and flavor.
Duque,5 out of 5,ONE OF THE BEST 1,A VERY SMOOTH AND AFFORDABLE SMOKE !
Duque,5 out of 5,"A good, basic smoke.","I usually spend about ten dollars a stick at my local cigar shop. During the COVID scare, my shop hasn’t been open. So when a I saw this deal I was skeptical. But this is a good, basic smoke for sitting around in the yard. And at a dollar a stick, you can’t beat the price!"
Duque,4 out of 5,Duque Robusto,I’ve had these before at least once but the natural leaf ones… Always a great every day cigar especially when I’m walking the dog or just sitting having a cuppa coffee in the morning definitely worth a four star rating and I would get them again maduro or natural
Duque,4 out of 5,Fills a niche in my humidor,"I was not expecting much when I bought these on sale but now I'm impressed with the flavor and aroma they fit perfectly when you want a short and satisfying smoke not the best I have but a good smoke for the price. No touch ups, good draw, lots of smoke. Thanks CI keep them in stock."
Duque,4 out of 5,Good cheap short smoke,I have in the past trusted C I's reviews I saw these on sale and didn't think they would be a good buy I bought them to fill a short smoke need and I have smoked two of them right out of the bundle they taste great and fill my need perfectly burn is near perfect flavor is great they get a little strong at the end but to me they all do thanks CI.
Duque,4 out of 5,medium strenght. easy draw. good,medium strenght. easy draw. good cigar!
Duque,3 out of 5,For the skeptics,I got these for everyday smoke and have some around for guest. I gotta say I thought these would be horrible but to my surprise they are smooth. Good selection for everyday smoke.
Duque,4 out of 5,Delicious Cigars,"good quality, nice and delicious cigars. thanks."
Duque,5 out of 5,great,very good
Duque,4 out of 5,entry level cigar,The price is reasonable. entry level cigar.
Duque,5 out of 5,TY,TY
Duque,5 out of 5,Pleasant Cigars,The cigars are very pleasant and easy smoking.
Duque,3 out of 5,Shipping,I think you should offer more freight free orders. I order from other sites to get the free shipping
Duque,4 out of 5,Burns evenly,Burns evenly
Duque,4 out of 5,Great everyday Smoke!,Enjoyed this Stick! Nice draw & Good Burn! Great Price! Great Everyday smoke
Duque,3 out of 5,Daily,This is a good inexpensive every day cigar for me. It’s well constructed and smokes consistently.
Duque,5 out of 5,Very good inexpensive smoke,A fine cigar for an every day smoke.
Duque,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Duque,5 out of 5,Great Cigars!,"I think this is a great, quality cigar for the money!"
Duque,4 out of 5,DUQUE,DUQUE CIGARS SMOKE GREAT GOOD EVEN BURN SMOOTH TASTE I AM VERY PLEASED WITH.
Duque,4 out of 5,Duque toro,I enjoy this smoke. Very consistent draw and a good draw
Duque,4 out of 5,Decent for a cheap cigar.,Taste is decent. Burns evenly. All-around decent smoke for a cheap cigar
Duque,3 out of 5,Good value,"Burns well, nice smoke, not a lot of flavor but then it's not a lot of money. Good value, will be buying them again."
Duque,5 out of 5,not bad,good for price
Duque,1 out of 5,Dogue churchill,"Not good, very hard draw and very hard to keep lit, definitely not my favorite."
Duque,3 out of 5,Daily Smoker,Not a very tight roll but ok flavor and burns pretty even. Good daily smoker.
Duque,5 out of 5,Duque are ok!!!,Great smoking for the price! Love them!!!
Duque,4 out of 5,Duque,A Good smoke for a good price.
Duque,5 out of 5,Great cigar for the price.,Great cigar for the price.
Duque,4 out of 5,Good cigar for the money.,Good cigar for the money.
Duque,4 out of 5,Good everyday stick,"For an evening smoke while walking the dog, this is more than adequate."
Duque,1 out of 5,don't bother for several reasons,"even as a 2fer these cigars are not worth the aggravation. what i found basically was their inconsistency, for example:
1. they claim to be medium body, not so. many are so mild that they're not worth smoking.
2. some are too tightly wrapped to be of any use or enjoyment, some so loose wrapped that they burn too quickly.
3. some are all loose filler which means they burned too quickly. the wrapper tobacco never has a chance to burn.
4. many of the cigars started unwravelling even under different environmental conditions."
Duque,1 out of 5,Someties You Don't Eve Get What You Pay For,"Cheap cigar is an understatement! Got these in a sampler and it is easily the worst cigar I ever torched. The wrapper started to come apart when lit. The cigar was tasteless, loose, and disintegrated while smoking. Thanks but no thanks on these dog rockets"
Duque,3 out of 5,Al in Pensacola FL,good enough for the price. a big ole cigar that's good while you work. It is what I expected for the cost. couple of poorly made smokes in the lot but generally they were fine.
Duque,5 out of 5,You'll love it!,Great cigar!
Duque,5 out of 5,Great cigar!!!!!,Great taste and flavor! Definitely an everyday cigar. Perfect for an evening on the deck and the golf course!
Duque,5 out of 5,Nice cigar for the price,"It had been a while since I ordered this brand of cigar, and I have to say it is a great smoke. I believe the taste and aroma is better today than approximitely one year ago. I highly recommend this cigar as a daily smoke."
Duque,1 out of 5,Lesson learned....,"1 out of every 5 were good. The rest either had such a poor wrap with pinholes, or unraveled within a few minutes. Humidor was at a constant 70% level, but still, had to surrender after just a few pulls. Never again, lesson learned."
Duque,1 out of 5,Lesson learned....,"1 out of every 5 were good. The rest either had such a poor wrap with pinholes, or unraveled within a few minutes. Humidor was at a constant 70% level, but still, had to surrender after just a few pulls. Never again, lesson learned."
Duque,2 out of 5,Very harsh taste,They are not for me
Duque,2 out of 5,"Duque Churchill,","The cigar is a little soft, and it is a short filler, so when the end gets wet as they all do, you get a mouthful of tobacco.
The flavor is fine, and burns usually well and can last 8 or 9 holes."
Duque,5 out of 5,Great service,Great service
Duque,3 out of 5,A good yard smoke.,"This is a good smoke for mowing the lawn, tending the garden or whatever outside. They're inexpensive but I like them for an afternoon working smoke."
Duque,5 out of 5,love em',For those brief interludes of fine handmade cigar pleasure ...long ashes
Duque,3 out of 5,duque,decent cigar for the money...i'd buy them again
Duque,4 out of 5,Delicious Cigars,"good quality, nice and delicious cigars. thanks."
Duque,5 out of 5,great,very good
Duque,4 out of 5,entry level cigar,The price is reasonable. entry level cigar.
Duque,5 out of 5,TY,TY
Duque,4 out of 5,Great everyday Smoke!,Enjoyed this Stick! Nice draw & Good Burn! Great Price! Great Everyday smoke
Duque,4 out of 5,Decent for a cheap cigar.,Taste is decent. Burns evenly. All-around decent smoke for a cheap cigar
Duque,3 out of 5,Good value,"Burns well, nice smoke, not a lot of flavor but then it's not a lot of money. Good value, will be buying them again."
Duque,5 out of 5,not bad,good for price
Duque,1 out of 5,Dogue churchill,"Not good, very hard draw and very hard to keep lit, definitely not my favorite."
Duque,3 out of 5,Daily Smoker,Not a very tight roll but ok flavor and burns pretty even. Good daily smoker.
Duque,5 out of 5,Duque are ok!!!,Great smoking for the price! Love them!!!
Duque,4 out of 5,Duque,A Good smoke for a good price.
Duque,5 out of 5,Great cigar for the price.,Great cigar for the price.
Duque,4 out of 5,Good cigar for the money.,Good cigar for the money.
Duque,4 out of 5,Good everyday stick,"For an evening smoke while walking the dog, this is more than adequate."
Duque,1 out of 5,don't bother for several reasons,"even as a 2fer these cigars are not worth the aggravation. what i found basically was their inconsistency, for example:
1. they claim to be medium body, not so. many are so mild that they're not worth smoking.
2. some are too tightly wrapped to be of any use or enjoyment, some so loose wrapped that they burn too quickly.
3. some are all loose filler which means they burned too quickly. the wrapper tobacco never has a chance to burn.
4. many of the cigars started unwravelling even under different environmental conditions."
Duque,1 out of 5,Someties You Don't Eve Get What You Pay For,"Cheap cigar is an understatement! Got these in a sampler and it is easily the worst cigar I ever torched. The wrapper started to come apart when lit. The cigar was tasteless, loose, and disintegrated while smoking. Thanks but no thanks on these dog rockets"
Duque,3 out of 5,Al in Pensacola FL,good enough for the price. a big ole cigar that's good while you work. It is what I expected for the cost. couple of poorly made smokes in the lot but generally they were fine.
Duque,5 out of 5,You'll love it!,Great cigar!
Duque,5 out of 5,Great cigar!!!!!,Great taste and flavor! Definitely an everyday cigar. Perfect for an evening on the deck and the golf course!
Duque,5 out of 5,Nice cigar for the price,"It had been a while since I ordered this brand of cigar, and I have to say it is a great smoke. I believe the taste and aroma is better today than approximitely one year ago. I highly recommend this cigar as a daily smoke."
Duque,1 out of 5,Lesson learned....,"1 out of every 5 were good. The rest either had such a poor wrap with pinholes, or unraveled within a few minutes. Humidor was at a constant 70% level, but still, had to surrender after just a few pulls. Never again, lesson learned."
Duque,1 out of 5,Lesson learned....,"1 out of every 5 were good. The rest either had such a poor wrap with pinholes, or unraveled within a few minutes. Humidor was at a constant 70% level, but still, had to surrender after just a few pulls. Never again, lesson learned."
Duque,2 out of 5,Very harsh taste,They are not for me
Duque,2 out of 5,"Duque Churchill,","The cigar is a little soft, and it is a short filler, so when the end gets wet as they all do, you get a mouthful of tobacco.
The flavor is fine, and burns usually well and can last 8 or 9 holes."
Duque,5 out of 5,Great service,Great service
Duque,3 out of 5,A good yard smoke.,"This is a good smoke for mowing the lawn, tending the garden or whatever outside. They're inexpensive but I like them for an afternoon working smoke."
Duque,5 out of 5,love em',For those brief interludes of fine handmade cigar pleasure ...long ashes
Duque,3 out of 5,duque,decent cigar for the money...i'd buy them again
Duque,1 out of 5,Cheap but you get what you pay for,These were very loosely filled and also would not stay lit...and 70% of them had canoeing even after 30 days in a humidor. I will not buy again.
Duque,4 out of 5,duque,good cigar great price
Duque,5 out of 5,Duque Torpedo,Good smoke for the price. I'll buy them again.
Duque,2 out of 5,Cheap is cheap,"I don't expect much from a cheap cigar. Duque didn't disappoint, I didn't get much. Loose construction, bad burn characteristics and weak taste. An excellent choice to experiment with if you want to infuse flavors."
Duque,2 out of 5,Fair,"Been buying these for years. Last couple batches have been hit and miss. Many can't draw and smoke poorly
Seems quality lately of everything has been lower than past years"
Duque,4 out of 5,Good smooth smoke. Even burb,Good smooth smoke. Even burb
Duque,5 out of 5,Duque Churchill,Great mild cigar will definitely buy again
Duque,5 out of 5,EGood for pric,EGood for pric
Duque,3 out of 5,Somewhat Disappointed,"Disappointing is what I have to say. I have had several of the Churchills acquired as part of samplers and always found them to be a really fine cigar and when what I normally ordered was out of stock I ordered these as a replacement. Unfortunately they didn't live up to the samples I received in the samplers. The are hard to keep lit, especially the last 3 to 3 1/2 inches making smoking them extremely frustrating. Of the first 20 some I have smoked only 2 or 3 were I able to smoke without this happening. I have left them in my humidor hoping for improvement but so far, no such luck. I'll keep trying them on occasion and see how things go."
Duque,5 out of 5,Everyday smoke,I use these as an everyday smoke while working on the farm.Burns well and you can't beat the price!
Duque,5 out of 5,Great cigar for the price,Great cigar for the price
Duque,1 out of 5,Bought & smoked 80+ of these cigars over a one year period.,The cigar flavor is almost non-existent. Too much small cut tobacco at the tip end giving me a mouth full of loose tobacco. Inconsistent draw from OK to too easy. Most cigars had runners / uneven burn with consistent corrections having to be made throughout the smoke.
Duque,5 out of 5,Nice smoke,"Nice smoke. Had no problems with unwrapping, uneven burn, frequent extinguishing, etc. Do yourself a favor, order some, throw them in your humidor for a month, then enjoy!"
Duque,1 out of 5,Worse Cigar from CI yet!,"I did write a review on this already but if you want it again I'll send it. That's how dissatisfied I was with this cigar. The taste wasn't bad but the bad part was the way it burned. Completely uneven, constantly going out, difficult to keep lit. Believe me I will never buy them again!"
Duque,5 out of 5,Daque,"the perfect everyday smoke! great flavor, inexpensive. But why are the toros always out of stock???"
Duque,3 out of 5,Sketchy at best...,"Sketchy construction, quality is questionable. Taste is just ok. Price is right for what it is. Better sticks are available that won't break the bank."
Duque,3 out of 5,Better,Had to snip an inch but otherwise better than a cheapie
Duque,3 out of 5,Duque Churchill 2-fer,Not a bad everyday smoke some are a hard draw but for the price a good deal
Duque,5 out of 5,Great service - never a problem.,Very good everyday cigar.
Duque,3 out of 5,Duque Churchill,The Duque Churchill is a great everyday cigar. You can't beet the price at around a buck a stick.
Duque,5 out of 5,Duque,Great Deal
Dutch Masters,5 out of 5,Great product great price,Great product great price
Dutch Masters,4 out of 5,After making a change from,After making a change from smoking cigarette . there's are pleasant smoke nice sweet tastes kind of reminds me of my grandfathers tobacco
Dutch Masters,5 out of 5,BEST DUTCH MASTER,Nothing beats the original! Always come fresh from CI!
Dutch Masters,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Dutch Masters,3 out of 5,OK I suppose,Ordered these for a friend who likes them.
Dutch Masters,5 out of 5,Dutch Masters Corona Delux,Been smokeing them for for 65 years and like them!!!
Dutch Masters,4 out of 5,A very nice smoke,A very nice smoke
Dutch Masters,5 out of 5,Best Dutch Master,This is the classic original Dutch and its still the best one!
Dutch Masters,3 out of 5,Good,A cigar I can afford to smoke everyday. Pleasant flavor east draw.
Dutch Masters,5 out of 5,Order and Delivery,Excellent response and services.....thanks
Dutch Masters,3 out of 5,Inexpensive quickie,"Not bad for a quick smoke, 100% better than the John Bulls thst were recent on sale"
Dutch Masters,5 out of 5,EXCELLENT SERVICE,I love the cigars i orderedfrom cigars international. the dutch masters are fresh and quality. Will be purchasing again.
Dutch Masters,3 out of 5,Dutch master palma 55's,Was looking for a cheap cigar as I like to have a couple a day. Decent construction but gets fairly bitter and so far most of them have a tar that forms at the end which totally ruins the cigar for me. Probably will not buy again.
Dutch Masters,1 out of 5,Save your money,"Save your money, better machine rolled out there for less money and some good hand rolled."
Dutch Masters,5 out of 5,Good Smokes!,"Working in the garage or in the yard, Palma’s fit the bill."
Dutch Masters,5 out of 5,Very good cigar for the,Very good cigar for the price.
Dutch Masters,3 out of 5,chstig,Dutch Masters are not as good as the past.
Dutch Masters,5 out of 5,VERY NICE CIGARS,VERY GOOD FER THE PRICE AND CI ALWAYS DELIVERS GREAT
Dutch Masters,1 out of 5,As bad as a cigar can be!!,"Many years ago the Dutch Masters Corona Natural was one darn good cigar. I smoked some recently and the flavor and aroma were beyond bad, they were horrible!!! I can't describe how horrible they were. The aroma was like burning floor carpet. And that is one bad smell. Also, they had some sickly sweet strawberry flavor that was like a cheap cough syrup. I can't believe the ratings these got on here. I purchased a 4 pack of these things and threw 2 of them away. The maker of these should be arrested for changing them..."
Dutch Masters,4 out of 5,Great taste!,Great taste and full bodied. Shipped fast.
Dutch Masters,5 out of 5,Good overall smoke & value.,Good overall smoke & value.
Dutch Masters,5 out of 5,Great item! Good price!,Item was shipped very quickly! Great item!
Dutch Masters,5 out of 5,My Favorite of this Price range by far.,A Real good everyday Cigar that is easy to fall in love with!
Dutch Masters,5 out of 5,great deal,great deal
Dutch Masters,4 out of 5,Dutch Masters Corona Natural,The individual foil wrap is great. Shipping on schedule. I really can not complain.
Dutch Masters,5 out of 5,cheaper,cheaper than the tobacco outlet
Dutch Masters,4 out of 5,Everyday cigar,"Have been smoking these for years. Good cigar when working in the garage or yard or when I know my smoking time is limited. Rated as mild but I think mild to medium would be more accurate. just stocked up for deer season, will have a Perdomo with a glass of bourbon in the evening by the fire."
Dutch Masters,4 out of 5,Nice Cigar terrible wrap,The wrap on the outside makes it difficult to open. 7 out of 10 the pull tab don't work.
Dutch Masters,5 out of 5,Best Prices....Super Fast Shipping!,"I love this company! They are the cheapest i found they are super fast on processing orders..I placed an order Wednesday night and here it is Friday and my package is out for delivery, and this is using there standard shipping!"
Dutch Masters,5 out of 5,very proffessional great service,very proffessional great service
E.P. Carrillo 5th Year Anniversary,4 out of 5,Classy and Lite Goodness,"A beautiful, well constructed cigar. It presents a light creamy light pepper and oak throughout."
E.P. Carrillo 5th Year Anniversary,5 out of 5,Simply perfect,"I have smoked many cigars from the hype to the classic. This blend from E.P. Carrillo is abosulutly magnificent. This cigar has all the mud body flavours you could ask for and finishes strong for such a mild cigar. I purchased some when it first came out and recently added to my collection. I will put this 8 dollar cigar in the same group as the pradrom, cohibia and Opus x lost city or Alec bradly fine and rare. This is an amazing cigar at any price and unbelievable at the price it’s offered."
E.P. Carrillo Capa de Sol,4 out of 5,Very good cigar it's my,Very good cigar it's my morning go to and will be buying them again
E.P. Carrillo Capa de Sol,5 out of 5,E.P. Carrillo Capa de Sol Piramides No. 5,"Well constructed, great burn and medium + strength. An excellent cigar."
E.P. Carrillo Capa de Sol,5 out of 5,love these,love these
E.P. Carrillo Capa de Sol,5 out of 5,Simply fantastic,Simply fantastic
E.P. Carrillo Capa de Sol,5 out of 5,Strong smoothness.,"I bought a box of Robusto Royal 5 x 52 at CT. This Capa de Sol are full bodied, full flavor smokes. This is strong tobacco, not doubt about it. E P Carrillo mastery blended these strong tobacco in such a way that we can enjoy it at a peacefully balance smoothness. The majority of strong pepper bomb cigars are unbalance and harsh to extreme tongue bite. This Capa de Sol are delicious and balance full bodied smokes."
E.P. Carrillo Capa de Sol,5 out of 5,EPC capa du sol,"Excellent - becoming one of my favorites, complex flavors without overpowering the senses"
E.P. Carrillo Cardinal Impact Natural,5 out of 5,A very good cigar medium,A very good cigar medium to full bodied
E.P. Carrillo Core Plus Maduro,4 out of 5,"Tastes good, doesn't burn the best","They taste good, I would have given it 5 star if it produced a nice hard long ash and didn't go out so quickly."
E.P. Carrillo Core Plus Maduro,5 out of 5,Under the radar treat,I got these for a great price and took a chance since I always enjoy Ernesto's products. It did not disappoint! Very rich and flavorful throughout. A classic maduro in the E.P. Carrillo tradition.
E.P. Carrillo Core Plus Natural,4 out of 5,Very even cigar,Very even cigar
E.P. Carrillo Core Plus Natural,4 out of 5,"Nice burn, excellent draw and","Nice burn, excellent draw and a very nice nutty and flavor."
E.P. Carrillo Core Plus Natural,4 out of 5,Good smoke for the money,Good smoke for the money
E.P. Carrillo Core Plus Natural,5 out of 5,"full bodied treat, one of","full bodied treat, one of my favorites"
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,5 out of 5,The best,The best
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,5 out of 5,Excellent Value,"Ernesto does it again with another hit. This full flavor, medium body gem deserves space in your humidor!"
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,5 out of 5,Great flavor,Great flavor throughout.
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,4 out of 5,a good medium bodied cigar,a good medium bodied cigar
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,4 out of 5,Ritual fan,"This was my first time trying these smokes, but definitely will not be the last. Smooth and burns good."
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,4 out of 5,Full body but not overly,Full body but not overly heavy. Excellent tasting cigar.
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,3 out of 5,"Well constructed, decent draw, balanced","Well constructed, decent draw, balanced flavor. Not as full-flavored as anticipated."
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,4 out of 5,Decent cigar,"I really like EP Carrillo New Waves, and am moderately fond of darker, bolder cigars so take this for what you will. It's a really enjoyable smoke. Great flavor, not too rough. The reason I knock it down a start is cause the cigar smell/taste stuck with me for over a day after smoking one. Even after brushing twice I could tell I had smoked one of these. Great cigar but heavy residuals."
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,5 out of 5,Great,Terrific smoke at a great price
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,5 out of 5,Good cigars,Good cigars
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,5 out of 5,Very smooth and taste,Very smooth and taste
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,4 out of 5,a good smoke,a good smoke
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,5 out of 5,Just beautiful,I think I'm in love. My newest favorite.
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,5 out of 5,A Good Habit of a Ritual,"A very good, relaxing smoke! Draws well, tastes nutty and rich. Paired well with Bowmore 18 y.o. Scotch. Very even burn, and a pleasure down to the nub."
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,5 out of 5,E.P. Carrilo Dark Rituals Toro,"Good, smooth smoke. Enjoy it very much,sometimes it has an uneven burn, but I can usually straighten it out."
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,5 out of 5,E.P. Carillo Dark Rituals,"A chocolate, spicey sweet blockbuster! Beautifully crafted"
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,4 out of 5,A very good cigar from,"A very good cigar from the beginning and gets better at the end , holds a long ash burns slow with an easy draw, has a dark chocolate tast , one of my favorites"
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,5 out of 5,Dark Rituals Toro,"Deep, smooth, rich, & flavorful. If you're a fan of maduros, cop these. Notes of cocoa with moderate spice. A really good stick."
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"Went to an E.P. Carillo event , and have been very impressed with most of the products. Dark rituals is extremely good. Smooth, full of flavor, consistent, and burns well."
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,5 out of 5,real smooth and bold,real smooth and bold
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,5 out of 5,Great,Great
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,5 out of 5,"Fabulous cigar, one of my","Fabulous cigar, one of my favorites. Clean even burn, smooth draw and great
flavors. Whenever they are on a special, I order up. Unfortunately, they seldom go on special. Ernesto really did himself proud on this one."
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,5 out of 5,Nice,Great stick
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,4 out of 5,ep carillo dark rituals.,awesome cigar. a must try
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,5 out of 5,Ritual,"I give it a five. However, stronger than I like...quality is good and smokes great. Lots of pop/flavor."
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,4 out of 5,just right,"Great aroma, construction and draw. Enjoyable. I'm sure the size, robusto, has a lot to do with it."
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,5 out of 5,my new favorite,"Full flavored , amazing, smoke. I will be keeping a supply in the humidor."
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,5 out of 5,Cigars,Good cigars
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Surprisingly good flavor bought it on the whim
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,5 out of 5,A great smoke!,A great smoke!
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,3 out of 5,Decent,Decent
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,5 out of 5,Fantastic!,"Easy smoke. Not harsh, but still has bold flavor!"
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,4 out of 5,An underrated cigar,Been smoking these the past year. I like all of E.P. Carrillo cigars but the Dark Rituals is a sleeper. For those who like a deep tasting cigar with spicy overtones then you will enjoy this one. It is a smaller robusto and if you want a quick 1/2 hour to 45 minute smoke time then you will enjoy Dark Rituals by E.P. Carrillo.
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,4 out of 5,Nice smoke,Nice smoke
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,5 out of 5,All EP CARILLO cigars are,All EP CARILLO cigars are great. This one has a great draw starts off great and finishes fantastic. Often burn my fingers trying to make it last. The burn is excellent and never have to relight. These are always in my humidor and I don't like to share them lol. Take my word for it if you like a full flavored cigar with excellent taste and smell try these.
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,5 out of 5,Grown up delight!,"Dark, smoky chocolate flavors, perfect burn! Slow smoke! Not for for beginners or small children!
Great smoke, value priced!"
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,1 out of 5,Disappointing,Tightest cigar I've ever smoked. Poor glue job. Did not enjoy the flavours. Bitterness was overwhelming and it had to be put out during the 1st third. Would not recommend!
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,3 out of 5,Good for yard cigar,Only one flavor throughout. Good for cutting the yard if you can catch them on sale. Not what I expected from E.P. Carillo.
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,1 out of 5,Sorry-not worth it,A flavorless pepper bomb. I am a big fan of EP but this was just a failure.
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,3 out of 5,E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals Torpedo,E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals Torpedo is an everyday smoke. The flavor is underwhelming and boring. However the Cigar gets better half way through. Be patient and wait for the full quality and flavor
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,5 out of 5,My favorite smoke,My favorite smoke
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,5 out of 5,"Simply, one of the best!",One of the best smokes!
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,5 out of 5,Great cigars!,"it smokes with lot of Flaver of leather, coffee, chocolate,and earth tones."
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,5 out of 5,carrillo dark toro,first got these in the gentlemens sampler. just a great tasting cigar. and you can smoke it down to the nub if you so desire.
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,3 out of 5,"Earthy, good stick, but not for my creamy tastes","Medium earthy flavor, very little cream, nice burn, good construction. Just not my kind of cigar."
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,5 out of 5,EP Dark Ritual,"I like full flavor and strength. These puppies hit the mark. Burn even too. I have grabbed several sizes, all fit the description. Good purchase."
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,5 out of 5,A good smoke,I really enjoyed these cigars. For being sub 2nd mortgage price they were tasty and slow burning.
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,4 out of 5,A nice cigar if you like Maduro's,Excellent construction. Good draw and burn. A bit strong for my tastes though. Carillo's are certainly a quality smoke.
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,5 out of 5,Excellent,Very well balanced. Smooth all the way through. Excellent smoke from all points of scoring.
E.P. Carrillo Dusk,5 out of 5,A first class offering from Ernesto!,"A work of art and craftsmanship. The construction of these gems is consistent and near perfect. On first lite we are greeted with cedar and a spicy sweetness.As the slow burn continues the flavor evolves with hints of earth,chocolate, coffee and raisins. The cigars were happy when I received them, they did not suffer any shock from shipping.They were great right out of the box! An excellent offering at a very fair price!"
E.P. Carrillo Dusk,5 out of 5,Good Value,This cigar begins with a spicy flavor and burns clean and flavorful all the way through. A good value that I'll be certain to buy over and over.
E.P. Carrillo Dusk,5 out of 5,EP Carrillo Dusk,"One of my favorites, nice draw, medium body with a great finish."
E.P. Carrillo Encore,4 out of 5,For another couple bucks I would get the Oliva V Melanio.,It is okay. For another couple bucks I would get the Oliva V Melanio.
E.P. Carrillo Encore,5 out of 5,Just right,Great smoke
E.P. Carrillo Encore,5 out of 5,Just go for it!,"I was pleasantly surprised at how much I enjoyed these cigars. Initially, I only purchased a box of ten. However, now that I’ve gone thru those, I’m regretting not purchasing the larger box."
E.P. Carrillo Encore,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,"Easy draw, even burn,, beautiful wrapper.... very flavorful especially the last half of the cigar."
E.P. Carrillo Encore,5 out of 5,The finest cigar in the world. No doubt.,"This truly is a number one cigar. It's my daily smoke. I ordered a box and just ordered two more. It's smooth and creamy to smoke. Leaves a perfect peppery tease on your tongue but not too much. It's because the notes of cocoa, leather and hint of orange citrus with just a hint of tea is mixed in. It makes for a smoke to remember and I like remembering every day! This is the one your wife will enjoy too because it makes a room smell like a rich man's library. You can just smell the affluence. If success had a smell, it would be the Encore. You'll be smoking this one till it burns your fingers. It's that good."
E.P. Carrillo Encore,5 out of 5,Great taste,"These are absolutely fantastic. They have the smoothness of Oliva Serie V with a bit of spice to them. Nothing overpowering, just a nice flavor of pepper spice. The draw is a bit light at the start but it comes in perfectly about the 1/4 point. I highly recommend you to try. It's just an enjoyable smoke."
E.P. Carrillo Encore,5 out of 5,I see why they're rated #1 for 2018!,"Great smoke. Very smooth with a nice, but not overpowering pepper spice. They burned very even and had a perfect draw. It's definitely one of the best sticks I've had in awhile. Highly recommend."
E.P. Carrillo Encore,5 out of 5,Buy it.,Buy it.
E.P. Carrillo INCH Colorado,4 out of 5,The Inch,"Good flavor all the way down. Enjoyed it. I will say I personally don’t believe it’s even close to full bodied, but does have nice mid range taste"
E.P. Carrillo INCH Maduro,4 out of 5,Great,"Great cigar, good size, burns great..nice ash..taste great, prefer 7x70 but not in the Inch brand, Asylum better"
E.P. Carrillo INCH Maduro,4 out of 5,"Another incredible cigar from E.P,","Another incredible cigar from E.P, a staple for anyone’s box"
E.P. Carrillo INCH Maduro,5 out of 5,great cigar,very tasty. burns well
E.P. Carrillo INCH Maduro,4 out of 5,Nice smoke,Nice smoke
E.P. Carrillo INCH Maduro,4 out of 5,Undecided,I was smoking about three of these a week when I was working near a store that sold them by a place I worked out of town. I couldn't find them anywhere near me at a store where I live. I ordered a five pack to smoke a couple and give a couple to a friend. For some reason I was disappointed about the draw on the two I smoked from CI .. I think it was just a fluke. The cigars are absolutely phenomenal paired with a pretty much any stout I drink. However since I been smoking the Gearbox by CAO ... everything else doesn't compare.lol. the Inch Maduro was my favorite until I smoked the Gearbox.
E.P. Carrillo INCH Maduro,4 out of 5,Burns evenly and fairly smooth.,Burns evenly and fairly smooth.
E.P. Carrillo INCH Maduro,5 out of 5,surprisingly great flavor. this is,surprisingly great flavor. this is going on my list for a long time to come !
E.P. Carrillo INCH Maduro,4 out of 5,Great cigar,"Nice draw, slow burn, a little too $$$."
E.P. Carrillo INCH Maduro,5 out of 5,Inch Maduro by E.P. Carillo,Beautifully constructed gem that has a cool draw with notes of cocoa. Medium strength . A great cigar.
E.P. Carrillo INCH Maduro,4 out of 5,Smoked fine,Haven’t had a bad one yet. Normally I stay away from the bigger gauge stick just a personal preference. If you like medium to full Maduro you should give these a try.
E.P. Carrillo INCH Maduro,5 out of 5,Very nice,Very nice
E.P. Carrillo INCH Maduro,4 out of 5,Flavorful Cigar.,Lots of smoky goodness. Second half half was a little hard to keep lit.
E.P. Carrillo INCH Maduro,4 out of 5,cigars,good
E.P. Carrillo INCH Maduro,5 out of 5,very Nice cigar,I was given a E.P. Carrillo #60 as a gift and had to purchase more. A great smooth smoke.
E.P. Carrillo INCH Maduro,3 out of 5,This is one of my,"This is one of my go-2 cigars. Always a good smoke, but these arrived dry. They are in my humidor now. I hope I can restore them? As most cigar smokers know this is difficult."
E.P. Carrillo INCH Maduro,4 out of 5,Inch Maduro by EP Carillo#62,"My all time favorite. I am all day everyday a fan of medium flavor cigars. My top 3 is CAO Brazilia, Ghurka Park Ave and Perdomo Anniversary. But I love Oliva Nubs and the INCH, both full bodied and smooth"
E.P. Carrillo INCH Maduro,5 out of 5,Inch and a mile,"The ""Inch"" is miles ahead of many, more expensive cigars. Got my first in a grab bag special and loved it. This big cigar is big on flavor and body. I strive to keep at least one box on hand, rested, in my humidors."
E.P. Carrillo INCH Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Excellent robust smoke. Smooth from start to finish. I enjoyed it on a beautiful football Sunday in Houston and it held me through 1 1/2 football games. Highly recommend it!
E.P. Carrillo INCH Maduro,4 out of 5,Huge & Delicious,"Once you get past the phallic nature of an inch wide stick, this is well worth trying. Creamy smoke, clean burn, no palate fatigue after 90 minutes!"
E.P. Carrillo INCH Maduro,5 out of 5,A Great Smoke!,"I love a big ring gage cigar. This cigar has a great taste, easy draw, and an even burn. The flavor remains constant from beginning to end. This cigar is well worth the extra money."
E.P. Carrillo INCH Natural,5 out of 5,Smooth Operator,Full of flavor and medium bodied. Nice draw everytime. One of my favorites!!!
E.P. Carrillo INCH Natural,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,E.P. Carrillo never disappoints!
E.P. Carrillo INCH Natural,4 out of 5,Master of the big gauge,Master of the big gauge
E.P. Carrillo INCH Natural,5 out of 5,INCH Natural #62 is a winner!,"What can I say, it is a real decent Puro at a reasonable price. You just can’t go wrong on the smooth draw and taste."
E.P. Carrillo INCH Natural,5 out of 5,Measured With Beauty And Flavor,"I am a huge fan of E.P. Carrillo, and big ring beauties. These are packed with flavor, the first one burned evenly and smooth and smelled great. I really enjoyed this cigar, I will order more. This cigar in a Maduro will be even better!"
E.P. Carrillo INCH Natural,5 out of 5,Great smoke,This cigar is rolled well with a great draw and even burn. Enjoy sitting on the patio with a glass of single malt scotch and this cigar!
E.P. Carrillo INCH Natural,5 out of 5,Massive Stick - Massive Smoke...,"Great draw, amazing aroma and taste! You won't be disappointed with this mega-smoke!"
E.P. Carrillo INCH Natural,5 out of 5,Great smoke,I got one of these a year ago for Father's Day. Make sure that they are always in my humidor.
E.P. Carrillo INCH Natural,5 out of 5,One of my favs,A larger ring sized cigar that smells and smokes terrifically. One of my favs
E.P. Carrillo INCH Natural,5 out of 5,great cigar! smooth and full of flavor,great cigar! smooth and full of flavor
E.P. Carrillo INCH Natural,5 out of 5,Awesome,Great cigar for the price. Awesome smoke!
E.P. Carrillo INCH Natural,4 out of 5,Great flavor,I've always liked most anything by Carillo. Second time I've bought these-taste great but the burn is often uneven and relights are required
E.P. Carrillo INCH Natural,5 out of 5,E.P.Carrillo #64,This is one of my favorite cigars. I love the blend of tobaccos. This is the right one for me.
E.P. Carrillo INCH Natural,5 out of 5,Consistent and flavorful... quickly became my favorite cigar.,"The most consistent and tasty cigars I purchase. The higher price tag on this line of cigars is matched by the superior quality. Smooth and flavorful from the start with a great finish. Construction is solid and consistent, and every batch I have tried (or been gifted... this is my favorite cigar) has been consistent."
E.P. Carrillo INCH Natural,5 out of 5,My Favorite Cigar,CI is really great on price and performance. I'm always happy with their service.
E.P. Carrillo INCH Natural,5 out of 5,Excellent!,Cigars were fresh and smoked great. Customer service was also great and prompt. Satisfied customer.
E.P. Carrillo INCH Natural,5 out of 5,"A good smoke, burns 2-3","A good smoke, burns 2-3 hours. Starts off fairly mild, finishes with a medium full flavor."
E.P. Carrillo INCH Natural,4 out of 5,Tasty 7x70,"For a larger ring size cigar, it is very tasty. My favorite."
E.P. Carrillo INCH Natural,2 out of 5,Poor quality control in the factory!,All 5 of my 5-Pack canoed on me. Poorly rolled by someone in the factory! Very disappointing quality.
E.P. Carrillo INCH Natural,3 out of 5,Ok,"Ok,uneven burn,gonna let them sit in the humi for awhile."
E.P. Carrillo INCH Natural,5 out of 5,Very Impressed,"Bought one because it just LOOKED good. This is an EXCELLENT smoke!!!! Very smooth draw, thick creamy smoke, nice ash. Very consistent in taste...1hr 40 min smoke...you will smoke it to the nub! Gotta get more."
E.P. Carrillo INCH Natural,5 out of 5,Pleased with purchase,Shipment arrived at a reasonable time and products were properly cared for during shipping. No dried out cigars.
E.P. Carrillo INCH Natural,4 out of 5,INCH,"Good smoke, good flavor."
E.P. Carrillo INCH Natural,5 out of 5,Love the Carrillo #70s,"Sometimes you just want to fill your mouth with smoke, and they're just the ticket."
E.P. Carrillo INCH Natural,5 out of 5,Exceptional!,"Love this cigar! My favorite so far, aside from the Ashton VSG. This cigar has a perfect, even burn every time. Excellent roll quality. Consistent. Smooth. An exceptional medium to medium-full cigar. All for a very reasonable price! Would smoke it any day any time."
E.P. Carrillo INCH Natural,4 out of 5,cigar review,Nice cigar only goes out if u take a little break.
E.P. Carrillo INCH Natural,5 out of 5,Never disappointed...,Always on time and great service!
E.P. Carrillo New Wave Reserva,5 out of 5,Great smoke,E.P Carrillo never disappoints
E.P. Carrillo New Wave Reserva,4 out of 5,Carrillo,Great product for the price! Totally enjoyed the way the Reserva smoked.
E.P. Carrillo New Wave Reserva,3 out of 5,A nice smoke.,A nice smoke.
E.P. Carrillo New Wave Reserva,5 out of 5,Great Cigar!,Excellent smoke very smooth and will buy again!
E.P. Carrillo New Wave Reserva,5 out of 5,Good cigars,I like the smooth smoke with the EP Carrillo New Wave Reserva Toros.
E.P. Carrillo New Wave Reserva,1 out of 5,New wave reserva does not live up to 92 CA rating,"Was excited to order this cigar after the great review in CIgar Aficionado. So disappointed smoking it. It turned soft quickly and burned hot. The cigar had none of the flavors mentioned in the CA write up and tasted like a cheap 23 cent machine made cigar. Sometimes companies cannot recreate a good cigar after the first batch and this is a good example of that, but disappointing from EP Carrillo."
E.P. Carrillo New Wave Reserva,4 out of 5,6X60,"Great smoke, would purchase again!"
E.P. Carrillo New Wave Reserva,5 out of 5,New Favorite,"Very smooth, but flavorful"
E.P. Carrillo New Wave Reserva,5 out of 5,Very Good,Will be added to my rotation for sure. Very happy!
E.P. Carrillo New Wave Reserva,5 out of 5,Tasty!,Truly enjoyed this cigar. Unique (and tasty) flavor and middle of the road strength-wise. Was recommended to me originally by a local B&M owner. He was spot on. A comfortable step up from a mild cigar too.
E.P. Carrillo New Wave Reserva,5 out of 5,Great buy for the price.,"I enjoy a few cigars per week, and i can always count on C.I. To deliver fresh cigars at a great price. C.I. Stocks a variety of my favorite brands with great shipping options that show up when they are supposed to."
E.P. Carrillo Rebel Maverick,5 out of 5,Good Smoke!,Recently purchased a box of Carillo Rebel Mavericks. Real nice smoke for the price. Slightly nutty taste.
E.P. Carrillo Seleccion Oscuro,4 out of 5,Great smoke,E.P. Carrillo never disappoints!
E.P. Carrillo Seleccion Oscuro,5 out of 5,Great Smoke!,Very smooth smoke from start to finish!
E.P. Carrillo Seleccion Oscuro,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,"I am a big fan of Oscuro wrappers. This cigar is tasty through and through. It has the fullness I like along with a smooth complex bouquet of nuttiness, slight natural sweetness and a hint of cedar."
E.P. Carrillo Seleccion Oscuro,5 out of 5,Worth every penny,"Too good to be my daily smoke ... more a special occasion cigar ... like Monday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, and Sunday."
E.P. Carrillo Seleccion Oscuro,4 out of 5,Carrillo never disappoints,Carrillo never disappoints
E.P. Carrillo Seleccion Oscuro,5 out of 5,Love the variety and the,Love the variety and the over all quality of the product!
E.P. Carrillo Seleccion Oscuro,5 out of 5,Outstanding Cigar,Outstanding cigar!
E.P. Carrillo Seleccion Oscuro,5 out of 5,Easy to love smoke,"Complex flavor bomb, very good."
E.P. Carrillo Seleccion Oscuro,5 out of 5,i love this cigar,"delicious oscuro wrapper, incredible build and smooth finish, smokes to a nub perfectly every time."
Eiroa by Christian Eiroa,5 out of 5,Wonderful smoke,Medium but with some spice this flavorful cigar is very well constructed with an even burn. I very much love to smoke these.
Eiroa by Christian Eiroa,5 out of 5,Sleeper Stick. Go for it!!!!!,"Enjoyed good amount of smoke using a stick match at light off. I liked the consistent easy draw. The taste was light at first light off followed by medium / full flavor after 3 or 4 draws. Ash was clean throughout and each and every draw caught my attention to its quality and held up well. Ashed on purpose three times but felt it would have hung on if I chose to. I can tell the craftsmanship, experience and most importantly the taste was inline for price point and for sure an enjoyable stick."
Eiroa by Christian Eiroa,5 out of 5,Eiroa Cigars,Awesome smoke. Found these in a cigar shop in Des Moines Iowa and loved them. I then found them with you. Thanks for carrying these cigars
Eiroa by Christian Eiroa,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar! Kinda peppery,Excellent cigar! Kinda peppery
Eiroa by Christian Eiroa,5 out of 5,A great smoke!!,"Rich, robust and flavorful!"
Eiroa by Christian Eiroa,5 out of 5,New Favorite Cigar,"If I’m smoking something I want to know I’m smoking something. I either like a cigar or don’t like a cigar...I’m not one to say, “it’s toothy with hints of cocoa and leather with a peppery toasted nut finish.” With that said, this cigar is medium to full from a strength standpoint but the DEPTH of flavor is incredible.
I found this cigar at my local cigar shop and then bought a box on CI. They came fresh and perfect. The cigar I smoked yeateray held it’s ash in tact from start to finish. Wish I could post picture...it was a beautiful site.
To give you an idea of my preferred flavor pallet, other cigars I like are: The original Camacho Corojo, Rockey Patel Edge and Decade, Aging Room, EP Carrillo and Padron Damaso."
Eiroa by Christian Eiroa,5 out of 5,Eiroa,Great cigar... smooth
Eiroa by Christian Eiroa,4 out of 5,Quality Cigar,"Tight draw, but what a delicious stick! You will not be disappointed, trust me."
Eiroa by Christian Eiroa,5 out of 5,It makes me happy,Christian Eiroa makes an excellent cigar...Each stick is well constructed and good to the end
Eiroa by Christian Eiroa,5 out of 5,Eiroa Cigar,Great cigar
Eiroa by Christian Eiroa,5 out of 5,Simply the Best,This is the best cigar made not from Cuba. I will be ordering several more of these
Eiroa by Christian Eiroa,5 out of 5,Recent Order,Love these premium cigars. I'm sure they will become a staple!
Eiroa by Christian Eiroa,5 out of 5,Get Some,"Just smoked one of these at the B&M. This cigar should really have a 95+ rating. It is supremely good. Mine had no spice (to me) but really complex creamy flavors. Draw was pretty tight but flavors were fantastic. Would order a box however, these smokes are out of my price range (for box purchases.)"
Eiroa by Christian Eiroa,5 out of 5,Top secret,"Great sweet,smooth smoke."
Eiroa by Christian Eiroa,5 out of 5,One of the best Cigars I have ever smoked.,Classic smoke. Consistently top-notch!
Eiroa CBT Maduro,4 out of 5,Give it a whack!,Absolute gem of a cigar. I have absolutely no complaints if you like a maduro with some kick in nicotine. The only reason I give this a 4 star is the price point but it's absolutely worth it for your special smoke collection. Along with mostly anything this guy does.
Eiroa CBT Maduro,5 out of 5,Boss Smoke - Serious Applicants Only!,"Smooth, full bodied, billows like steam engine and kicks like a mule. Have some time to chill and meditate when you light this Big Daddy. Recommended as an after dinner smoke. Too much for an AM light up.
Cocoa, leathery with a touch of spice and licorice. Eat a good piece of dark chocolate or maybe some cocoa liqueur and it will enhance the cigar's main flavors on your palate.
I like a strong cigar with a nice nic (nicotine) kick. The puppy is one of the best. Reminiscent of what the Camacho Triple Maduro used to before the corporate mixologists took over the brand."
Eiroa CBT Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Eiroa CBT Maduro,5 out of 5,SAVORY MADURO,"Substantial build, excellent draw! If you're a maduro lover prepare to fall head over heals. Have had many great sticks in my time and this masterpiece is among the best. If you're on the fence with this one, the grass is most definately greener! I guarantee it will not disappoint. The flavor is best described as deep and complex, leather, dark chocolate, cedar, & earth with a satisfying peppery linger on the palate."
Eiroa CBT Maduro,5 out of 5,Great great cigar,"One of the best cigars I’ve discovered in the last several years great smoke, full flavor and taste."
Eiroa CBT Maduro,5 out of 5,You won't regret trying it,My go to cigar. A very well made & smooth stogie. Not sure why Eiroa isn't more of a top seller?
Eiroa CBT Maduro,5 out of 5,Very smooooth,"Top of the line cigar with top of the line taste. My friend and I meet every week and have generally 2 cigars. One is always something new to try out, but we always finish our evening with an Eiroa Maduro. And if its only going to be one that night, well then the new cigar loses."
Eiroa CBT Maduro,5 out of 5,A must try,"Just smoked one of these...great, even burn -- got a good 3 inches of ash before it broke off. Awesome flavor, spice...This is one I will definitely smoke again."
Eiroa CBT Maduro,5 out of 5,Eiroa!,Next one up Eiroa 20 Years!
Eiroa CBT Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"If you like bold flavor the Eiroa is one fine cigar. Earthy with spice hints and good consistency. Similar to my "" go to"" cigar La Gloria Cubana, series R."
Eiroa CBT Maduro,5 out of 5,"Great smoke, full flavor",Christian Eiroa is my idol. The cbt maduro is just awesome.
Eiroa CBT Maduro,5 out of 5,fast shipping,I love the fact that I live close to CI if I want to go up there and purchase in person. However you ship so quick that I don't need to. The cigars always come in fresh and packed carefully. Thank you!
Eiroa CBT Maduro,5 out of 5,Incredible smoke.,Simply the best small cigar on the market.
Eiroa CBT Maduro,5 out of 5,Incredible smoke.,Simply the best small cigar on the market.
Eiroa CBT Maduro,5 out of 5,The best cigar for size,The best cigar for size you can buy.
Eiroa CBT Maduro,5 out of 5,Love this cigar,"great flavor, awesome smoke"
Eiroa the First 20 Years,5 out of 5,A keeper for sure,Superb! An excellent smoke!
Eiroa the First 20 Years,5 out of 5,Fantastic,Great smoke requires some aging thou
Eiroa the First 20 Years,5 out of 5,"Bold, smooth smoke.","Great smoke from start to finish. Great flavor, not too strong, pairs nicely with a single malt scotch."
Eiroa the First 20 Years,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,Excellent smoke
Eiroa the First 20 Years,5 out of 5,Eiroa,Nice flavor
Eiroa the First 20 Years,5 out of 5,Stephen,Great Cigar! In my top 5
Eiroa the First 20 Years,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Keep it in stock
Eiroa the First 20 Years,5 out of 5,Awesome Cigars,I like the variety in this pack its anywhere from light take a break cigars to the deeper darker cigars over a evening drink.
Eiroa: The First 20 Years Colorado,5 out of 5,A solid smoke that requires,A solid smoke that requires a modest time commitment
Eiroa: The First 20 Years Colorado,5 out of 5,Excellence,"Love this cigar ! Love the burn ,the taste!"
Eiroa: The First 20 Years Colorado,5 out of 5,"Shhhhh, Don't tell anyone about these, just order some for yourself","Shhhhhhhhhh, don't tell anybody that these are amazing cigars!!! Perfect construction, burn and Medium Plus body with at best Medium strength. Just order any size for yourself and don't tell anyone else!!!"
El Baton,5 out of 5,Aroma 4 'Yo mama!,"Good smoke! Let it sit in your humidor for a few days right off the truck. Great booming spice. The spice is sweeter. Plumes of smoke pour off the foot. Me likey! Rich, muy Rico!"
El Baton,5 out of 5,El baton,"Beautiful smooth from beginning to end ,,excellent stick I highly recommend this cigar"
El Baton,5 out of 5,Highly recommend,Shipped fast great cigar
El Baton,5 out of 5,Wonderful cigar for your smoking pleasure.,"This a wonderful cigar and kinda hard to find other than here at CI.For my tastes and liking this is not a bold or powerfull cigar. Very very nice cigar,,all the flavors listed are there and it doesnt get stronger as it gets shorter.The aroma is great and I noticed it has a slight gram cracker taste.This is 1 cigar I would LOVE to fill my humidor with!!.I guess Im a lil greedy because I pass these out to very few friends and my son when he comes home every few months from school.This cigar is worth every $$."
El Baton,5 out of 5,El Baton,"This is a really nice smoke. Sweet on the pull and has a spicy, robust grand finale. Will always have a few of these in the humidor."
El Baton,5 out of 5,1968 Tigers,"Been grabbing these on cigarbid. Med-full, nice earthy tone with just enough spice. Definitely hi quality tobacco. Can't get enough of them. I hate cats"
El Baton,5 out of 5,My favorite cigar,"My favorite cigar!! I cut small pieces off and dip and chew the pieces. Love the flavor!!
Chad"
El Baton,5 out of 5,unknown gem,"I love this smoke. great draw and even burn. the best all around everyday smoke. try it and you wont be disappointed. I have smoked worse for more money. I find it better than a brickhouse, but not as good the Julius Caesar."
El Baton,4 out of 5,Always enjoyable El Batons,"My go to sunrise and coffee cigar. Great way to start the day with a medium, nutty flavor. Also works well for end of day cool down smoke."
El Baton,5 out of 5,El Baton,For the price great cigar. Will be ordering more in the future to keep in my rotation.
El Baton,5 out of 5,The Best Nico Puro I have smoked.,Medium full strength with just enough spice to make it interesting. Full flavor and smokable to the nub.
El Baton,1 out of 5,Just a bad taste!,"I don’t know how people like this cigar. It is a horrible tasting stick to me. I’m surprised that it’s a Nicaragua, because most cigars I tasted from there was good."
El Baton,4 out of 5,El Baton,"Good evening stick! I enjoyed this with a fine fermented beverage on my back porch, along with some internet surfing. Recommended."
El Baton,5 out of 5,jc newman,"great smoke, thanks"
El Baton,5 out of 5,El Baton Double Toro,Great cigar. Ordering more as you read this.
El Baton,5 out of 5,Hard To Find Cigars,I'm a big fan of the Baton. It is one of those cigars that fiy in under the radar. At the moment CI is one of the few places where I can find this excellent cigar. I am a first time on line buyer and was happy with the speed of delivery and the condition of the cigars. Excellent. Kudos to CI.
El Baton,5 out of 5,Wonderful smoke!,"This stick is great. It starts out peppery for the first half inch then settles down nicely. It then develops into a rich creamy smoke with notes of dried fruit , nuts and toast. Very enjoyable."
El Baton,5 out of 5,President,"Excellent prices, good follow-through. Cigars International is great to deal with!"
El Baton,5 out of 5,Rich Full Sweetness,This is one of the finest and enjoyable smokes in my rotation. With a dark rich flavor that melds a perfect strain of sweetness this full taste cigar is easy for everyday enjoyment. You get a full smooth flavor that ignites your palate with the true enjoyment of fine tobacco leaves. Grown to perfection and aged properly the roller must have been in heaven handling this fine cigar.
El Baton,5 out of 5,Great Deal,Great Deal and promot delivery
El Baton,5 out of 5,Keep these coming,"This one is everything you're looking for. Gobs of creamy smoke. Hits the CI description on the head. Strong, white ash. Perfect burn and draw. These flavors astound. Made my top 5..."
El Baton,4 out of 5,Uneven burn,"I picked up a double toro at my local shop and let it rest in my humi for a few months. I keep it at a solid 65%. This was the first cigar in quite some time that I had to take my lighter to while smoking. I had to touch it up four or five times. Other than that inconvenience, it was a good cigar. Tasted great with lots of smoke. I will definitely try another one and hope for a better burn next time."
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,5 out of 5,my go to cigar,I've been enjoying EL C for years.A smooth medium smoke with a great burn
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,5 out of 5,El Centurion - An amazing cigar,"Its a My Fathers made cigar- That alone should be enough for you to want to buy it. Great cigar, well constructed, great draw. This is one that I will buy over and over again"
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,5 out of 5,One of my favor,If you're unsure of what to buy grab a box of centurians and you'll be hooked
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,5 out of 5,FINE SMOKE,ENJOYED THIS CIGAR WHILE SITTING OUT ON THE DECK.
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,4 out of 5,A gem from one of the best,"For one of the lower price points, it delivers the same leval of performance and flavor as any member of the line! A must try."
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,5 out of 5,Pretty good smoke,"I have smoked (2) of them so far and looking forward to the rest. Even burn, good flavor and quite enjoyable."
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,5 out of 5,Consistent quality,"I really enjoy this cigar. It has never let me down flavor and structure wise. I find subtle changes in flavors throughout the experience. I particularly enjoy the last 20 minutes of the smoke. I wish, My Fathers would make this cigar a little shorter for me. I need a cigar that takes less time to smoke in the winter months because staying outside for over an hour can be freezingly tough."
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,5 out of 5,Good,A big surprise. Burned and tasted very well. Don't know about the aroma. I didn't share.
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,4 out of 5,Subtle and elegant. Not a,Subtle and elegant. Not a pepper bomb. A fave Thank you C.I. for a great deal on these babies.
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,3 out of 5,Ok but not up to Peoin Garcia Standards,"Not worth the money, just not near as good as other Garcia blends."
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,4 out of 5,Nice,Nice smooth smoke all the way to the end.
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,4 out of 5,Excellent Cigars,Fantastic cigars
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,5 out of 5,love it,"i like the regular version more than the 2k wrapper. reminds me of a my father #3, in other words...very tasty medium bodied with good draw and burn. a premium stick at middle class price."
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,5 out of 5,Very good cigar would highly,Very good cigar would highly recommend it
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,5 out of 5,El Centurion,"This was a very pleasant surprise. A great smoke, peppery at first with a very nice finish. I would look for this cigar and purchase again, and again."
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,5 out of 5,Excellent choice. Sour wrapper that,Excellent choice. Sour wrapper that becomes smoother as filler burns.
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,4 out of 5,Spicy,Pretty good cigars but the cost are high when not on sale or in a bundle deal.
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,5 out of 5,Really good,Sticks arrived in great shape. Great cigar. Recommend!
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,4 out of 5,Mr cigar,Great cigar it was enjoyable
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,5 out of 5,Kevin P,Excellent need I say more
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,5 out of 5,Taste,Loved the taste and the burning of the cigar... I would highly recommended
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,5 out of 5,Really good cigar,This cigar reminded me of real Cohiba brought to me from Cuba.
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,5 out of 5,Awesome,Love My Father cigars and these don’t disappoint. Not too spicy or strong. Very nice beginning to end!
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,5 out of 5,Don Peppin,I really enjoy this beauty! A blend mildness with a hint of medium tasting delight!
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,5 out of 5,great cigar,great cigar
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,5 out of 5,Spicy sweet,"Great flavor, razor sharp burn, and firm ash."
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,like all My Father cigars
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,5 out of 5,My Father is Great,"very good cigar. Smooth, tasty and nice white ash."
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,5 out of 5,More then a cigar,"Yes it's more then a cigar. It all starts with the look, the length, the ring, and the label. That is if we are honest! Once lite those 3 qualities don't disappear but remain a constant reminder while your sense of aroma and taste takeover the experience. This is an experience you don't want to rush. It's one to enjoy for 90 minutes or more, being enhanced with a good cigar buddy. The earthy freshness last from first flame to the final inch. The notes of sweet bourbon and spice begins with first draw. This bold looking stick grows in flavor as it's size demishes and becomes your new best in humidor smoke. Drawing the El Centurion down to the last inch will delight you and have you ordering more. To give up before that time you will miss the bold and most flavorful part of this exquisite cigar!"
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,5 out of 5,Don pepin,My husband enjoys these cigars
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,5 out of 5,Yes that was last night,Yes that was last night and unless an angel put them in my humidor my opinion won’t be fourth coming for several days.🤐🤐
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,4 out of 5,"Don't think twice, try it!","I've been a long time fan of the Don Peppin line, my favorite being the Le Bijou 1922, and of course the venerable Blue label. I have been sampling others at a lower price range looking for ones that would fit the bill when I wasn't feeling quite as rich. The Centurion definitely hit the mark for me. Great construction, razor sharp burn to the end and chalky white ash. Spice on light off with a nutty bite reminiscent of a Nub Habano. Perfectly Mid to full body and lots of smoke. It settled down after the first inch and was consistent in flavor, almost letting me down until surprisingly well before the usual sweet spot it blasted me with spice for another inch or so then back to the previous creamy and peppery beginning. It finished off at the usual sweet spot with another hit of spice and pepper all the way to the end where it became a little charcoal to the nub. All in all a fantastic smoke and well worth the money."
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,5 out of 5,One of my favorite,A very good smoke can recommend to everyone
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,4 out of 5,Rich and potent smoke,Very rich smoke. Probably not for everyone and probably not the first cigar you would want to smoke if you are planning on having more than one cigar. I thought the cigar smelled a bit like Copenhagen. Smoke was oily and dense. Construction and burn were top notch. I have smoked two of these bought at different times and from different places but the experience was nearly identical.
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,5 out of 5,Derek H. Peoria Illinois,"Strong spicy cigar ,well worth the money."
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,4 out of 5,Celebrate Good Times (with Don Pepin)!,"Received a Don Pepin Garcia El Centurion Robusto at this year's Big Smoke Las Vegas. It's been in my humidor since then, but me and a buddy both got big job offers, and we needed something to celebrate. Chose the El Centurion to go along with a nice Glenfiddich 12yo single malt. Smoked mid-day, Pacific Northwest, driving rain, but a steady temp of 61 on the smoking porch next to the fire pit. I've always been a fan of Don Pepin/My Father products...this El Centurion was no exception. A smooth draw, with lots of creamy smoke, hints of cayenne pepper, coffee, and leather. Stored at 63%, this smoke required one light beginning to end, and was absolutely perfect in construction. I'll be ordering more of these, and CI will be my source...if you need a great smoke at a great price to celebrate special occasions (or share with friends), you can't go wrong with the El Centurion."
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,4 out of 5,Celebrate Good Times (with Don Pepin)!,"Received a Don Pepin Garcia El Centurion Robusto at this year's Big Smoke Las Vegas. It's been in my humidor since then, but me and a buddy both got big job offers, and we needed something to celebrate. Chose the El Centurion to go along with a nice Glenfiddich 12yo single malt. Smoked mid-day, Pacific Northwest, driving rain, but a steady temp of 61 on the smoking porch next to the fire pit. I've always been a fan of Don Pepin/My Father products...this El Centurion was no exception. A smooth draw, with lots of creamy smoke, hints of cayenne pepper, coffee, and leather. Stored at 63%, this smoke required one light beginning to end, and was absolutely perfect in construction. I'll be ordering more of these, and CI will be my source...if you need a great smoke at a great price to celebrate special occasions (or share with friends), you can't go wrong with the El Centurion."
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,5 out of 5,Don Pepin El Centurion,Outstanding Stick!!!!! A nice draw full of flavor with an outstanding finish.
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Don pepin never disappoints !!! Highly recommended if you like Centurion
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,5 out of 5,Another amazing Pepin,"He has to be my favorite blender of all time. Every one is a good cigar for the value, but some are exceptional among the best out there. This one in an incredible size, although I might prefer a non box pressed corona. Not as full bodied as his others but it has a pleasant nutty character with his style of flavor."
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,5 out of 5,Smooth and amazing,"El Centurion is a reliable a great tasting smoke. Smooth taste, nice complex flavor. Every stick burns even with a nice white ash and rarely needs to be touched up. My absolute favorite smoke."
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,5 out of 5,Perfect for smoking on a perfect night!,"I smoked this bad boy on the first night of fall on my neighbor's driveway, while sitting on a couch he was disposing of the following day. It was perfect. I have been a fan of what the Garcias produce for a few years, and this is easily one of my favorite for a medium-bodied, smoky treat! The wrapper has a delightful sheen to it and looks flawless (like most of their cigars). The stick itself is firm, but draws like a dream. And the flavor on this is heavy on leather (which I love) with a little bit of sweet and a little bit of spice thrown in. I will be ordering more from CI!"
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,5 out of 5,Wedding favorite!,As father of the bride I was assigned three very important tasks. Pick music for the DJ to play for some of us older folks. Give away my daughter's hand in marriage and select some cigars for celebrating. Selecting the cigars was probably my easiest task on my list especially using Cigar International's website. I was able to find mild smokes that would appeal to a wide variety of guests at the wedding. The Don Pepin Garcia El Centurion Robusto were big hits. I appreciate the quick service provided by CI. I was able to wait until the last possible week to order the cigars at great price and know that CI would deliver on time. You guys are great and I will continue to order my stogies through Cigar International. Thanks.
El Credito,4 out of 5,Small and satisfying,"Good burn and draw, decent flavor. Exactly what I wanted!"
El Credito,5 out of 5,A great Madora,I liked it very much.
El Credito,4 out of 5,Nice little cigar for quick,Nice little cigar for quick break
El Credito,5 out of 5,Perfect PURITO,Title says it all.
El Credito,4 out of 5,Pleasant little smoke,Nice mild bodies quickie with a woody aroma
El Credito,4 out of 5,good little cigar,good little cigar
El Credito,3 out of 5,El credito maduro cigarello,I like so credito uglies but these weren't nearly as good. Wouldn't buy again.
El Duque Cognac,5 out of 5,"Nice Cigar, well matched with a sweet dark beer.","I have always enjoyed buying from CI, this purchase just goes to show how amazing CI is and the quality of their cigars! R/"
El Duque Cognac,5 out of 5,I love them,I love them
El Duque Cognac,5 out of 5,El Duque Cigars,"I have enjoyed these cigars for many years, however, several orders have arrived severely damaged. They were very poorly packed in the shipping box with little to no protection or padding. In discussion with your staff about this I was pleased to find the past two orders very well packaged and I was given a coupon for a discount on the last order. These cigars are an excellent value, though have been too dry upon arrival despite being tubos. Otherwise, a very nice smoke. Dan"
El Duque Cognac,5 out of 5,Very smooth,Very smooth
El Duque Cognac,5 out of 5,Love them,My husband loves these cigars
El Duque Cognac,4 out of 5,Smooth smoke,Easy going cigar with light touch of cognac and lots of smoke
El Duque Cognac,4 out of 5,Nice cigar medium bodied. have,"Nice cigar medium bodied. have had a couple that were hard to draw, very tightly rolled."
El Duque Cognac,2 out of 5,Flavor,Not really a infused cigar. Very weak in aroma and taste.
El Duque Cognac,1 out of 5,"4 broken,glass everywhere &dry cigars",there was broken glass when it was delivered. had to wash every tube and the cigars were so dry that they cracked
El Duque Cognac,5 out of 5,El Duque contact cigars.,The only bad thing about these cigars is they go on backorder and take a while to come in.
El Duque Cognac,5 out of 5,They are great,They are great
El Duque Cognac,5 out of 5,El Duque Cognac,a good working cigar. I like them when I mow several acres or am machine splitting firewood.
El Duque Cognac,3 out of 5,Cognac infused cigars,Good tabacoo flavor but week on cognac taste.
El Duque Cognac,3 out of 5,"Not bad but, lots of broken glass","For the price, the cigars really are not bad. Probably would have given four stars, but had to throw a couple of cigars away because of all the broken glass from the two shattered tubos. Did not want to take a chance of putting glass shards in my mouth."
El Duque Cognac,4 out of 5,point score of 4,"This is how I personally grade a cigar. 0-2 points for the following: Appearance, Flavor, Burn, Smoke and Price. Then divide by 2. Appearance: 2. it is in a glass ""tubo"" which has all the characteristics of glass therefore you can clearly see the cigar and display it, but then again it is glass and breaks so don’t place it in your back pocket. Good construction.Flavor:1.Mild cigar, even though it has a hint of Cognac at times it can be a bit harsh. Burn: 1. Easy draw, but at times burns hot and you need to relight it if unattended. Smoke:2. Lots of smoke with nice aromatic scent which I enjoy and one of the reasons why I smoke cigars. Price: 2. I like a good bargain but I believe in “you get what you pay for” and the higher the price, the higher the expectations. So 2+1+1+2+2 divided by 2. So with that said a total point score of 4. So not bad deal, not bad at all."
El Duque Cognac,3 out of 5,Decent,Lacks flavor. Feels like smoking a super mild short filler cigar dipped in sweet liquor
El Duque Cognac,2 out of 5,El Duque Cognac Double Corona Tubos,Was not very satisfied with these cigars. The overpowering flavors and lack of aromas were not what I was looking for in the cognac cigar. Will not be buying these again.
El Duque Cognac,3 out of 5,Smooth and tasty.,"Nice draw and aroma, burns evenly and has a delightful taste. The only drawback I could find is that every time I have placed an order some of the glass vials come broken therefore damaging the cigar. careful packing should be obseved, I mean, how are wine bottles packed into their case? They are packed by not allowing glass against glass but these cigars are not packed like they should be. There is a competitor cigar company that has a similar product and the cigars come packed in a plastic tube. I would say that these glass vials should be packed not touching each other."
El Duque Cognac,4 out of 5,Great smoke,Good smoke flavor is great cheap price
El Duque Cognac,5 out of 5,A great cigar at a fine price,"I have enjoyed these inexpensive cigars for years, they help make the Summer more enjoyable in particular after mowing the lawn."
El Duque Cognac,3 out of 5,Not satisfied,"I have ordered this cigar many times in the past and it has been FANTASTIC however this batch disappointed me. They were dry flavorless and the wrapper unraveled during smoking.
I hope it was just this batch"
El Duque Cognac,5 out of 5,Enjoyable,It a very good every day stick at a reasonable price
El Duque Cognac,5 out of 5,One of my affordable favorites,One of my affordable favorites
El Duque Cognac,2 out of 5,could not tell they were,"could not tell they were cognac ,a few were brittle"
El Duque Cognac,5 out of 5,El Duque Cognac Double corona tubos,A very mello mild every day smoke I just wish the cognac part was a little more.Also a very good price.
El Duque Cognac,1 out of 5,El Duque Cognac,This cigar has a very hard draw and won't stay lit also the flavor is a little harsh and not worth the price i would not buy these cigars again or would i recommend them
El Duque Cognac,4 out of 5,Out of Stock quite often when I order,Great everyday for the casual smoker.
El Duque Cognac,4 out of 5,A MILD SMOKE AND GREAT TASTE,This is a good cigar and the price is great. A mild smoke along with the cognac. Can't go wrong.
El Duque Cognac,2 out of 5,Stale mate,some of the cigars were stale and some were good.i don't know if I would order them again
El Duque Cognac,5 out of 5,Tastes and aroma what more could you ask for,Several of my friend have tried Duque and agree with my assessment. It's a damn good smoke. No harsh bite or after taste. Several lady friends have commented on the aroma of how good it smells. Try em it's worth it.
El Duque Cognac,4 out of 5,Cognac infused.,"Cognac infused. smooth fast burning cigar. Generally, I smoke Gurkha Grand Reserve but with the recent tighting of the belt my wife introduced me to El Duque and I am satisfied."
El Duque Cognac,5 out of 5,Great cigar,This is a mild smoke with a hint of cognac coming through. For the price you can't find a better cigar.
El Duque Cognac,5 out of 5,El Duque Cognac Double Corona,El Duque Cognac Double Corona Tubos --Great!
El Duque Cognac,5 out of 5,Duque Cognac,A good smoke for the price. Love the cognac taste and aroma. A real keeper. Long lasting smoke too.
El Duque Cognac,5 out of 5,El Duque Cognac Double Corona Tubos,"I am a casual smoker and I have been purchasing these cigars for about 2 or 3 years now. Good tasting cigars for the everyday end of the day relaxing. Dealing with Cigars International is always a pleasure because my order is processed and shipped, arriving as promised. Thanks"
El Duque Cognac,5 out of 5,CSR FL,"I like this cigar over many higher priced cigars. Good construction, nice burn , mild and pleasant . I will order these cigars again."
El Gueguense,5 out of 5,The Cigar Surprise,"Amazing cigar, start off like a regular cigar but then as the ash grows so does the beautifulness of this cigar, absolute fav of mine, box-worthy. And the label art is brilliances"
El Gueguense,5 out of 5,The Wiseman knows all.,Wow!!! Best smoke of the year so far. Great construction and burn. Wonderful flavors throughout the whole smoke. Great job on this one Nicko!! Making room in the humi for a box!
El Gueguense,2 out of 5,Irregular burn. Some bitterness as you smoke thru it,"I wanted to order the Wise Man with the red band, but they were out of stock. So I thought these might be just as good. They were a big disappointment. I had trouble keeping it lit. It didn’t burn evenly. The taste started out good but got progressively worse."
El Gueguense,5 out of 5,The Wiseman,What a great cigar absolutely love it. Thanks for the quick delivery and fresh smokes
El Gueguense,4 out of 5,Overall solid smokd,"Good overall cigar, my favorite cigars come from the Nicaragua region espcially Esteli so I may be buyers. Had it in the humidor for a about 6 weeks. Not sure how long it sat in my brick and mortar.
To me this cigar was lacking in the complexity that others experienced. It did have a strong Red pepper kick off the bat and some leather and earth tones other spices I can’t quite explain. It was pretty consistent win the leather earth and cocoa exchanging the main flavor throughout the smoke. Probably full flavor medium in strength but I smoke 2-3 cigars daily.
Had to do a few minor touch ups, this could have been because the cigar was slightly overpacked and had a snug draw compared to what I prefer. Decent smoke output.
Overall I would smoke this every so often.
My daily smoke is usually a “Guardian of the Farm” from Warped which I always seem to enjoy in any size and they always tend to have a great construction for the price point."
El Gueguense,5 out of 5,HAVEN ON EARTH,This cigar is a little piece of heaven Great Smoke smooth from the. start wood and nutty flavor and stays the same all the way threw very good cigar well worth the price it's ad good if not better then the famous liga private give it a shot
El Gueguense,5 out of 5,The wise man,Excellent full body Nicaraguan puro.. CI got these sticks to me quickly and in great condition.. A must try!!
El Gueguense,5 out of 5,curtain call,"Like the stage, it's a legitimate cigar. Solid construction. Excellent draw. Burns great. Loads of flavor. Very satisfying smoke."
El Gueguense,5 out of 5,Mr. Stogie,"Awesome full body smoke, defintely buying more!"
El Gueguense,4 out of 5,Good Smoke,"Very enjoyable smoke, nice flavor. Cigar required frequent touch ups though."
El Gueguense,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,The flavors coming are amazing right up my alley!
El Gueguense,5 out of 5,Love it. Great Full body,Love it. Great Full body cigar.
El Gueguense,5 out of 5,Wiseman,Delicious smoke from start to finish
El Gueguense,4 out of 5,you never know!!!,"I always lean toward the ""big name"" brands, until I visited a really good, experienced smoke shop. And when my regular Brand (DE) had very limited shelf space, the fine gent working there brought me to El Gueguense. Being from Estelli I though, OK......what a great smoke, similar to what my old brand used to be, before they sold out & over expanded, like a restaurant w/ a 32 page menu. Back to this stick, a strong medium, after the initial 10-15 min.....this settled into a nice smooth, creamy, easy draw smoke.....give this a try, its my new FAV !!!"
El Gueguense,5 out of 5,New kid on the block,"Excellent cigar. Full body, but smooth at the same time. The middle of the cigar is where the true taste lies. Nick out did himself with this one. Top 10 worthy easily."
El Gueguense,5 out of 5,One of the best of 2015 in my book,"The few times I have smoked El Gueguense I've been blown away. Dark, rich, complex... Just incredible. It is on the list of best things I've smoked in 2015, along with Las Caleveras, EP La Historia, Liga T52, tatuaje Reserva (7th)..."
El Gueguense,5 out of 5,Outstanding!,Great selection of cigars at reasonable prices and easy to use website. Good service. I will shop there again.
El Gueguense,5 out of 5,incredible,"amazing, this is the real deal, one of the best cigars on the market. great, complex, rich flavors, lotsa changes and transitions."
El Gueguense,5 out of 5,Newest knock out I've smoked,This cigar is certainly worth every penny and every puff. At first light you're punched in the face with flavor and strength after that hit its a smoking dream. An A+ stick that makes me upset to have one left in humidor at the moment. Will definitely replenish this one.
El Gueguense,5 out of 5,A wise purchase,"The ""wise man"" is a wise purchase. Very rich and just the right amount of kick. I will buy a box of these in the future when I have a humidor that can accommodate boxes."
El Gueguense,5 out of 5,My Favorite Dinner Smoke!,"Best Cigar I've had in a very long time. Perfect construction and a superbly blended Nicaraguan Puro. Full bodied flavors of Leather and Dark Cocoa beans. Lots of mellow spices, continuous and robust."
El Mejor Espresso,4 out of 5,Very good for a modest,Very good for a modest price
El Mejor Espresso,5 out of 5,Casual cigar smoker,"Lots of flavor 4 different profiles, nice box press and smooth smoke. Great cigar for the price."
El Mejor Espresso,4 out of 5,Nice smooth smoke.,Nice smooth smoke.
El Mejor Espresso,3 out of 5,"The ""slow burn"" in your","The ""slow burn"" in your product description produces a very uneven ash making re-lighting necessary and annoying."
El Mejor Espresso,5 out of 5,The Best,Great Smoke Great Price!!!!
El Mejor Espresso,5 out of 5,El Mejor Espresso Toro,"Hard to keep lit and seems to be packed tight, a little hard to draw. Aroma and flavor are acceptable.
I would prefer Gurkha Black Ops Maduro in Toronto, but they are out of stock everywhere 🙁"
El Mejor Espresso,4 out of 5,Taste good but had trouble,Taste good but had trouble staying lit
El Mejor Espresso,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Quality Cigar for a Great Price
El Mejor Espresso,5 out of 5,El Mejor,Great cigar
El Mejor Espresso,3 out of 5,Good for the price,Good for the price
El Mejor Espresso,3 out of 5,El Mejor Expresso,"A good “cost effective “ “ everyday smoke”! I really like the box pressed and prefer them in all my cigars Niall prices! Good burn, plenty of smoke and flavor without burning $! I will buy these again if you continue to have them."
El Mejor Espresso,5 out of 5,A cigar best kept a secret!,"Good balance, smooth draw and no hot spots. This cigar replaced my beloved Nestor Reserve. And I’m 98.678 satisfied. Buy early if you are a hunter!"
El Mejor Espresso,4 out of 5,El Mejor Espresso,Well constructed cigar...but too harsh for my taste !! Wish they would produce a milder blend !
El Mejor Espresso,4 out of 5,Good flavor,One of the better cheap smokes. Flavor was great had some burn problems though
El Mejor Espresso,5 out of 5,Great cigar !,"These are great cigars ! I've bought them several times and enjoyed them alot,Great taste, nice burn on them also very even! I highly recommend them !"
El Mejor Espresso,3 out of 5,Great daily smoke,This is my second order of El Mejor Espresso and I truly enjoy each smoke. This is absolutely my new favorite.
El Mejor Espresso,5 out of 5,EL Mejor Expresso,"Great cigars, great price"
El Mejor Espresso,5 out of 5,fantastic,my favorite cigar for the money.very smooth.
El Mejor Espresso,5 out of 5,Awesome!,"Exceeded expectations! Tried these based on the description & was ""knocked out"". Pepper,mocha & coffee flavors make this cigar a great value for the price."
El Mejor Espresso,4 out of 5,Good Casual Smoke,"A good casual smoke. Box pressed are a personal favorite, I'm half way through the bundle I ordered and haven't run into any duds. Had two with a little canoeing, but didn't upset my evening. Flavor was not exactly what I expected, for some reason I thought it was going to be like a DE Java stick, MUCH more subtle than that. The only problem I found is if you smoke anything more pricy next to one you can feel how rough it is on the palette by comparison. Overall not a terrible daily driver on a budget."
El Mejor Espresso,3 out of 5,Ok for the money,"Taste good, price good, but burn and draw so so. A little inconsistent."
El Mejor Espresso,4 out of 5,"Nice smoke, great flavor","Nice smoke, great flavor"
El Mejor Espresso,5 out of 5,Great,Great every day box pressed Maduro that doesn’t break your wallet!
El Mejor Espresso,1 out of 5,Nica Libre Robusto,"Bad burn,thin wrappers,mucho canoeing,and mucho tunneling."
El Mejor Espresso,4 out of 5,Just short of premium,The smoke is a good one and the cigar holds together well. Here in Arizona the hot dry weather is not good for cigars even in my humidor.
El Mejor Espresso,5 out of 5,Wonderful,Best cigars I’ve had in a while
El Mejor Espresso,5 out of 5,el mejor,"a fine smoke, it amuses, yet has a sophisticated smooth taste; excellent with a PBR, fine wine or a cup of coffee."
El Mejor Espresso,1 out of 5,El-Mejor Espresso,Dry and doesn’t stay on; should have returned the bundle.
El Mejor Espresso,4 out of 5,Really coffee,Great daily smoke. Coffee as promised. Delightful finish.
El Mejor Espresso,4 out of 5,Very good,"I have purchased these a while ago, enjoyed them. Haven’t been able to get them in awhile, so here I am."
El Mejor Espresso,5 out of 5,A great smoke!,This was a replacement for my Nestor Reserves whan it went away. My only suggestion would be to order early if you plan on having these jewels in deer camp. Ci sells out in November! And for godreason.
El Mejor Espresso,5 out of 5,Really good,One of the best smokes I have tried
El Mejor Espresso,3 out of 5,not what i expected,an o. k. smoke but I did find the taste flavorful. did not go well with my coffee in the morning.once was enough.
El Mejor Espresso,4 out of 5,A Lot of Cigar for the Money,"Very nice medium cigar with good flavor. Smoked two so far, both burned perfect, one had a hard draw but still ok. Would buy again."
El Mejor Espresso,4 out of 5,Very satisfying,Burns evenly. Great taste and aroma. Satisfying for after or before dinner.
El Mejor Espresso,4 out of 5,good cigars,good cigars for a good price
El Mejor Espresso,4 out of 5,El Major Churchill,Very good cigar for the price
El Mejor Espresso,5 out of 5,Very Gokd Cigar,Very Gokd Cigar
El Mejor Espresso,3 out of 5,Fell Short,"These have great potential for the price....but, fall short. They have nice flavor, but, just don't smoke well....too tight or moist...or both. Even after a month in the humidor, they're a very tough draw ruining what could otherwise be a good cigar."
El Mejor Espresso,4 out of 5,Great Value,"Have purchased El Mejor Espresso cigars several times mostly because of the flavor. Apparently a lot of people buy them because you are frequently out of stock. Since inventory turn is quicker, they are consistently fresher than any other cigars I’ve purchased at any price. They often don’t burn evenly but happy to overlook that considering satisfaction for the money."
El Mejor Espresso,4 out of 5,Every day good,Good smoke for the money
El Mejor Espresso,5 out of 5,Great cigar for a great,Great cigar for a great price
El Mejor Espresso,4 out of 5,El Major is a well,El Major is a well built cigar with a very pleasant finish. Many woman ask for the label as the men in their lives smoke nasty smelling cigars. Go figure!
El Mejor Espresso,3 out of 5,El Mejor Espresso Churchill,"Definitely worth the money, however it does have a few flaws, burning uneven for one and more often than not, needing re-lighting. But if you don't mind the small annoyances and you like a strong stogie with nuances of dark roast coffee, go for it!"
El Mejor Espresso,5 out of 5,Smooth + value,"Good everyday. My yard work smoke
No complaints."
El Mejor Espresso,3 out of 5,Their ok,Their ok
El Mejor Espresso,5 out of 5,El Mejor Expresso,"I have long leaned more toward Dominican cigars, and Maduro’s are my personal favorites. Having said that these Nicaragua beauties have become one of my favorites, good robustness and full of flavor. Good bargain that I will purchase often.
Thank you"
El Mejor Espresso,5 out of 5,smooth great cigar,Very little after taste and no burning of the tongue. Nice aroma and if hydrated correctly burns even most of the time.
El Mejor Espresso,2 out of 5,Poor construction,"While the taste of these cigars are very good, the construction ruins it all. What's the point of trying to smoke them. Too much work to keep them burning right."
El Mejor Espresso,1 out of 5,El mejorEspresso,This batch was old... did not hold up
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,Love the full body flavor.,Love the full body flavor. Would be nice if you would discount them on occasion
El Rey Del Mundo,4 out of 5,El Rey,"Top notch cigar company, keep up the good work"
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,El Rey Del Mundo Suprema Oscuro,"My favorite cigar for decades. This is a listed medium-full cigar that is, in my opinion, mild-medium. Consistently excellent in construction with a tasty oscuro wrapper. Delicious!"
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,Love my e l Rey del mydo,"Started smoking good cigars several years ago, quit for a while. Tried s veral brands of cigars, fell in love with El Rey del Mundo robusto suprema 54x7.25""
Will settle for a nub Maduro if can't get El Rey del Mundo"
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,Aging with Pleasure.,"Like with wine, one's taste is peculiarly personal. I have enjoyed many different strengths, flavors, sizes and costs in my cigar selection over the last 20 of my eighty five years of age. I choose this medium strength cigar , El Rey Del Mundo Robusto Oscuro , as my every day cigar & have done so for years. It pleases me as much as does the coffee I am now sipping after the good meal I've eaten while sitting in my make-shift man-cave on my favorite chair, and really enjoying my good cigar that is tying all the pleasure together. You kind of know what is important when you get old. Hope you find your lasting pleasure also. Frank G."
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,Hidden Gem,Hidden Gem
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,Always good!,One of my favorite budget cigars!
El Rey Del Mundo,4 out of 5,"Smooth as silk, great everyday","Smooth as silk, great everyday smoke."
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,26 years and still a great smoke,"26 years ago I was offered an El Rey Del Mundo and with it a story of why the cigar is wrapped in tissue paper... it was to dry the tears of the loss when done smoking. Til this day I keep the tissue paper neatly folded by the ashtray while I smoke, not so much for tears, but the memories. This cigar has not changed and I have not experienced a bad smoke with any size... smokes smooth, even and plenty of smoke. Goes very well with aged single malt scotches and good Friends.
Now I have passed the story of the tissue paper and a great cigar on to my Son, who enjoys them as well."
El Rey Del Mundo,4 out of 5,No parchment paper,but still an oily steak fat type flavor
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,Nothing Better,For over twenty year’s I’ve smoked these cigars without a hitch in quality. Iv ventured off to sample numerous other cigars but this only proved my satisfaction with the El Reys.
El Rey Del Mundo,4 out of 5,"1st time having this brand,","1st time having this brand, good smoke! BURNS EVEN VERY CONSISTENT."
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,Fantastic Cigar,"I have a top 5 cigar list. 5 cigars that I identify as my favorites. This is consistently in this list. Slow, long, and even burn. Lots of smoke. Most importantly an awesome flavor. I know taste is subjective but I get lots of leather, oak, and rich tobacco flavors without being too spicy. This is a great cigar that is consistent every time. I have never been disappointed by an El Rey."
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,Wow.... great smoke,My friend was nice enough to give me one of these (had never heard of them). Wow what a great smoke. Great construction Burns nicely nothing bad to say about it just a great smoke and now my favorite.
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,Truly 'The King of The World',"After over thirty years of smoking hand made cigars, the El Rey Del Mundo Oscuro has become my favorite due to it's consistent good construction and flavor profile. I've tried numerous expensive brands over the years and have found many of them to burn poorly and/or taste bitter or smoke hot.
These cigars are always rolled perfectly, burn very evenly with no streaking or tunneling and provide great volumes of creamy dense smoke with a great earthy flavor.
I have always preferred the rich earthy flavor of Nicaraguan tobaccos and these cigars provide that consistently.
Never harsh or overpowering, these sticks provide rich Cuban style flavors that go great with a good rich stout or a bourbon.
Truly ""The King of The World"" of cigars!"
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,good smoke,I would say they are in a close race with the top cigars
El Rey Del Mundo,4 out of 5,n,n
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,Cigar,Gigars Camino quickly and in good shape
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,Great Deal,Nice sized quick smoke when you do a cigar justice.
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,I t is one of,I t is one of the greats
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,KING OF THE WORLD,"Often compare to H.Upman or Hoyo ,this cigar has become my go to,mellow and creamy full of sweet cedar and a walnut after taste, love it I will continue to order this gem."
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,King of the ******* World!,"I cannot for the life of me figure out how this brand is so under-acclaimed. It's an old line brand with which most everyone is familiar. To my palate, it has a robust, full profile, not medium-full as it's reported here. Rich flavor, thick, billowy smoke, and beautiful to look at.
On top of this, it's probably the greatest, most colorful brand name in all of cigardom. The phrase, ""El Rey Del Mundo"" is a thing of beauty on multiple levels."
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,Wonderful cigar,Wonderful cigar
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke!,Excellent smoke!
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,Old fashion goodness,"This is an awesome cigar. Nice flavor, burns slow and even. I would like to smoke one of these every day, however, its difficult to find them in stock. I noticed that the boxes have a date on them and they have an additional two years of ageing after they are boxed up. Maybe one of the reasons there so good and in short supply. I just love them and I Hope the folks at CI can get more soon!! If you see them in stock, grab a box proto because they won't be in stock very long, and you can't go wrong!!"
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,King of the World,These are my #1 cigar. Smokes great and you feel like the king of the world.
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,bought El Rey Del Mundo Choix Supreme,"Very good flavorful Cigar, good value for the Money."
El Rey Del Mundo,2 out of 5,Yuk!,"This is the first cigar I couldn't smoke. It was so dry, dull, and hard on the draw. I let it go out and never touched it again. Must have been a dud."
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,pleasure at large,"A fine smooth taste, draw and finish. Reward yourself and light up a heater. My all time favorite.."
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,"Great cigar, smooth even smoke.","I don't have favorites, always enjoy variation in enjoyable pastimes. But, on a desert island and no other choice, this is the one for me."
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,Excellent smoke
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,Favorite for over 25 years...,"Been smoking El Rey Robusto Oscuro's for over 25 years, and everyone is well constructed, burns evenly, and absolutely tasty!"
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,Great,Great
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,Its one of my favorite,Its one of my favorite cigars
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,All ways winner for the past twenty years,This medium to full smoke is constantly on back order that says it all
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,Good value,Great cigars
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,Great smoke,This cigar is delicious and smokes well. It is priced reasonably. Wish u had the next length up which seems to b always backordered.
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,EL REY DEL MUNDO,MY FAVORITE CIGAR
El Rey Del Mundo,3 out of 5,Rolled to tight. Hard to,Rolled to tight. Hard to enjoy them.
El Rey Del Mundo,2 out of 5,Not sure now,Man I dumped a helluva lot a praise on the first one but the second stick was god awful. Draw was terrible and tasted like floor sweepings from a cigarette factory! Chunked it in the trash half way through. A little confused here to say the least!
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,Vamos Amigos!!!,"First third great! Second third great! Last third great! Great cigar with flavor of leather and pepper with a hint of sweetness joining in on the ride for the last third. Yum Yum, eat em up!!! Vamos Amigos!!!!"
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,Delicious!,"Hard pack, easy draw, lots of smoke, STF (smokes to fingers), delicious! And under $5!"
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,Puff Daddy.,Delicious !!!
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,El Rey Del Mundo (King of the World),"This medium cigar is never disappointing, it burns smooth and true, has excellent flavor and is just the right size. Combine with a glass of good Bourbon and a lawn chair and you do feel like the ""King of the World"""
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke haven't seen these,Excellent smoke haven't seen these in a long time however when I went to reorder you were out of stock
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,paul,has been my “go to” cigar for over a decade.
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,Outstanding smoke,These stay in my rotation in my humidor. Great smoke and great price.
El Rey Del Mundo,4 out of 5,Good smooth smoke,Usually buy the Rotschild maduros and thought I would try these. Very nice and would buy again.
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,"Great stick, great delivery time",Thanks for delivering my cigars in such a timely manner. The sticks looked and smoked great. We will be doing business again.
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,Jake,Awesome smoke! Well worth the money.
El Rico Habano,5 out of 5,Awesome non cuban better,Awesome non cuban better
El Rico Habano,5 out of 5,TOP NOTCH,"These are Fabulous Just the appearance is menacing to the eyes and taste buds. Dark dense and rich in appearance!! Then the first light and the delight of a slow burning, long lasting Absolutely Delicious smoke. HIGHLY RECOMMEND"
El Rico Habano,5 out of 5,el rico habano double corona,"great cigar, smooth burn and taste"
El Rico Habano,5 out of 5,Great everyday smoke!!!,"Tried these on a wim and man they are great. Nice even draw, great everyday smoke."
El Rico Habano,5 out of 5,Old School Style,There is a reason this cigar has been around for so long.
El Rico Habano,5 out of 5,Great full bodied cigar,"Not harsh, but a smooth full bodied cigar."
El Rico Habano,5 out of 5,I have hundreds of cigars....these are among the most treasured.,"When I think of this cigar, I tend to get upset. I've squirreled away but a handful of these for the last bunch of years, and they are true gems. It's upsetting to realize that the supply is dwindling with each one that is smoked. These cigars are imposing and heavy, but once aged, they smoke like no other maduro that I've sampled. I recall the burn being very sharp, with a chunky and firm white ash. I feel these are more medium than full when aged, and the best part of all is the flavor - mellow, a bit of spice - a cigar to sip and not to rush. I think it is time to put some more away for the next eight years!"
El Rico Habano,5 out of 5,Hardcore,Great cigar at a decent price. Full bodied but not over powering
Erin Go Bragh,4 out of 5,Nice & light,Nice & light
Erin Go Bragh,4 out of 5,Good light stick,Good light smoke.
Erin Go Bragh,5 out of 5,"Real smooth, great taste","Real smooth, great taste"
Erin Go Bragh,5 out of 5,nice flavor and well made,nice flavor and well made
Erin Go Bragh,5 out of 5,Shut up and take my money!,"I am a bit partial to the Erin Go Bragh line and this one keeps to my high expectations. Normally when I receive cigars I give 4/5 away to fellow enthusiast at work. With theses they are a guilty pleasure for me so I ended up only giving one away and enjoying the other 4 myself.
The flavor is amazing and steady through the entire smoke. They all burnt evenly and have a lovely aroma.
I would HIGHLY recommend these to anyone, I would gift them to people that enjoy cigars, and if I could I would fill my humidor with them constantly. The price is also a huge plus that won’t bankrupt you to have an amazing experience. This is my #1 favorite line as I’ve never had a bad experience with them."
Erin Go Bragh,5 out of 5,My favorite cigar,"Mild, easy draw and a pleasure to smoke."
Erin Go Bragh,4 out of 5,Nice little smoke.,"Nice flavor, fairly mild. Flavor is in the smoke not on the wrapper, lightly sweet and creamy. Overall, a nice little smoke. I'd order again."
Erin Go Bragh,5 out of 5,Bravo!,"The Erin Go Bragh is a nice enjoyable smoke on the front porch with two fingers of bourbon on the rocks! If you like a milder cigar, this is the I would recommend. It never disappoints."
Erin Go Bragh,5 out of 5,Wonderful cigar,"I just finished a box of these and really enjoyed them. They burned evenly, had a very mild flavor , and are affordable.
They make a great everyday smoke and are ideal for someone just getting into cigars, or for someone like myself that likes a mildly flavored cigar. Most enjoyable."
Erin Go Bragh,4 out of 5,not a hint of whiskey here,"Easy smoking, drew well, mellow flavor. Disappointed that there was not a hint of whiskey flavor or aroma."
Erin Go Bragh,5 out of 5,Very smooth and mild cigar,Very smooth and mild cigar
Erin Go Bragh,3 out of 5,I was expecting more of,I was expecting more of an Irish Whiskey taste.
Erin Go Bragh,5 out of 5,Great craftsmanship and flavor.,Smooth stick with my after work whiskey.
Erin Go Bragh,4 out of 5,Very mild and tasty stogie!,Very mild and tasty stogie!
Erin Go Bragh,5 out of 5,Very mild and smooth cigar.,Very mild and smooth cigar. Will definitely be ordering again.
Erin Go Bragh,5 out of 5,Erin Go Bragh,I really enjoy this cigar and have purchased several boxes over the years. A good mellow smoke.
Erin Go Bragh,5 out of 5,A great cigar.,A great cigar.
Erin Go Bragh,3 out of 5,Enjoyed them,Good smoke; good price
Erin Go Bragh,5 out of 5,Smooth and pleasant cigar,Smooth and pleasant cigar
Erin Go Bragh,5 out of 5,Great Smoke!,"Great taste, and yet not overpowering. Light but full of flavor!"
Erin Go Bragh,5 out of 5,LUCKY!,How I feel when smokin' one of these and sipping on some Jameson!
Erin Go Bragh,4 out of 5,Nice smoke,Nice smoke
Erin Go Bragh,3 out of 5,"Well built, average flavor","This cigar purports to be blended with an element of Irish whiskey, which I have yet to find in the 15 I’ve smoked from the box. They are well constructed, with a nice clean wrapper and firm roll. Draw was effortless, and the cigar burnt well and smoothly. The only real hit on the “Erin” cigar is that the flavor was neither bad nor good. These are probably great every days, or you’d smokes, better can be had and actually enjoyed for less. (Hobart, baccharate...etc"
Erin Go Bragh,4 out of 5,Good for the price,Well constructed mild cigar.
Erin Go Bragh,5 out of 5,its a smooth and tasty smoke,its a smooth and tasty smoke
Erin Go Bragh,5 out of 5,very nice,very nice cigar for the money. would recommend. would buy again.
Erin Go Bragh,3 out of 5,"Not Bad, Aromatic",These cigars are very Aromatic. They do not have a sweetened tip and very tight. I had to draw often otherwise it was going out. Very tasty and the whiskey notes were very pronounce. I would try it again if I can get the sweetened tip.
Erin Go Bragh,5 out of 5,Love it. Great smoke with,Love it. Great smoke with a glass of whiskey
Erin Go Bragh,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,Great cigar!
Erin Go Bragh,4 out of 5,Solid smoke,"Very smooth, nice draw"
Erin Go Bragh,4 out of 5,Nice tast good burn,Nice tast good burn
Erin Go Bragh,5 out of 5,Love these cigars!,Love these cigars!
Erin Go Bragh,5 out of 5,My “Go To” cigar,"VERY smooth. Nice, even burn...if you’re looking for more out of a cigar than this, you would be setting yourself up for a lifetime of disappointment & grief."
Erin Go Bragh,5 out of 5,Erin Go Bragh,"The infusion of Irish Whiskey sweetens the taste and removes any harshness that sometimes occurs in far more expensive cigars, it is my favorite and I like to share it sometimes like a proud father showing off his brilliant kid."
Erin Go Bragh,4 out of 5,Somewhat harsh but otherwise a,Somewhat harsh but otherwise a pretty good deal
Erin Go Bragh,3 out of 5,Erin Go Bragh,I’m not tasting the Irish whiskey notes...otherwise a medium-ish smoke.
Erin Go Bragh,4 out of 5,"Great Cigar for the Price,","Great Cigar for the Price, Burns Well and Smokes Good. Flavor was a Little Lacking, but Again for the Price it is a No Brainer."
Erin Go Bragh,5 out of 5,Tasty!,"Nice mild stick, with a hint of irish whiskey How can you go wrong."
Erin Go Bragh,3 out of 5,Well made,Well made burns well but could of used more favor
Erin Go Bragh,5 out of 5,Mellow!!,"This is a great cigar to just sit back and mellow out with. Great flavor, good pull, good smoke. These are my favorite."
Erin Go Bragh,5 out of 5,Pairing is caring,Erin Go Bragh was good until I paired it with some Irish Whiskey. My good cigar turned great!
Erin Go Bragh,4 out of 5,Something Different,"I enjoy this cigar as a change of pace. My humidor is full of high end cigars as well as a number of ""what mood am I in"" smokes. This affordable cigar is a good alternative. Construction is good. Draw is consistent. Good from start to finish. Also a smoke I can give a non cigar smoker."
Erin Go Bragh,5 out of 5,Very Good,Bought these for Saint Patty’s Day party and was very surprised with the quality. Would definitely recommend.
Erin Go Bragh,5 out of 5,Fantastic,Fantastic
Erin Go Bragh,5 out of 5,Erin go Bragh Robusto,Smooth mild smoke nice burn to it up the Irish a great cigar
Erin Go Bragh,5 out of 5,Irish know how,Coronas have a small blend of whiskey which gives them a distinct flavor and aroma. They also burn even and long---
Erin Go Bragh,5 out of 5,Sweet Cap,These cigars in your order catalog says that they have a sweetened cap but I'm not finding that to be the case. A little disappointed with the taste!
Erin Go Bragh,4 out of 5,Light and smooth,"Connecticut wrapper for a light, pleasant white smoke with a leathery taste. Very easy draw and burned for about an hour. Overall a great cigar for a beginner or someone looking for a cigar that is not too heavy."
Erin Go Bragh,3 out of 5,Erin go braughless,"Ok, mild, never burn evenly. Burn hot half way through. Can’t taste Irish whiskey at all."
Erin Go Bragh,5 out of 5,A bit stronger than remembered,"Bought a 5 pack of these tasty smokes and after a few weeks in humidor they were ready. Have smoked only 1 so far but was excellent, great flavor, burned well and good ash. A bit stronger than I remember them but Great. Would buy again. Will give them time to mellow too."
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,5 out of 5,"Awesome little cigars ""cigarillos""",My wife and I enjoy these almost every time we go out to the garage we keep them in our 1946 general electric fridge right next to the beer we love them I buy two boxes at a time so I have time to order more
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great little smoke,I really enjoy these cigarillos very tasty
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Would purchase again,Bought these with a similar box of another brand. Taste great good bang for the buck.. and fit my wants/needs about 10-15 minutes
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,4 out of 5,It is ok.,It is ok.
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Perfect size for. A quick,"Perfect size for. A quick smoke break. I really like the creamy flavor of Irish whiskey! Great cigar!,"
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Repeat Purchaser,"These are my go-to for a quick smoke. lightly flavored, but not sickeningly sweet like most flavored cigarillos. Good tobacco flavor. I try to keep them on hand at all times.
Only knocked it down one star as I recently received a box in which the draw is not quite right. It gets stuck during the last two inches and the cigar starts to collapse in on itself. Outside of this I've purchased several times and have had no complaints. Definitely a repeat purchase for me!"
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,4 out of 5,There okay,Everything is ok
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Irish Cream,Great little cigar.
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,5 out of 5,"Great, fast smoke","Lightly sweet, tasty little smokes. Perfect for the winter months when sitting outside for an hour doesn’t sound so great."
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,4 out of 5,smooth,smooth
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Good little smokes,"I bought these because they were out of the La Perla Habana Black & Tan , which I like much better. They seem to be little lighter and smoother taste than the Erin Go. However, these are good smoke and good alternative."
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,5 out of 5,great quick smoke,great quick smoke
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Great little smoke,Great taste! Everyday smoke when time is short.
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,5 out of 5,This is one of my,This is one of my go to cigarillos for a quick smoke break when a regular size is too much.
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Light and easy,ALL FRIENDS TOTALLY ENJOYED THEM
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great flavor,"full of flavor, and smells good too"
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great smokes,Great smokes
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Interesting,"Not a bad smoke for a small one. Was out doing yard work, honey do list stuff, and had one. Surprisingly was a good smoke. Not used to that in cigarillos."
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great smokes for the price!,Great smokes for the price!
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos - Irish Coffee Natural,Excellent purchase! Extremely happy!
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Nice cigar,Nice cigar
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Just the right size,"Taste is smooth, length is just the right size! Price is Right Bob!"
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,3 out of 5,"Decent, but not what expected.",Expected a little more irish coffee flavor. kind of bland. quick burn.
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Great Cigarillos,Nice little smoke and good flavor!
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Winner,They smelled so good I wanted to eat them. Very nice little cigar.
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,3 out of 5,Their okay,Their okay
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,5 out of 5,they are very good.....,they are very good.....
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Not your average flavored cigar,"Good, quality tobacco in a convient smoke. Gives a wondering subtle taste with a really pleasant aroma. Would highly recommend"
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,3 out of 5,Not bad,Not a bad smoke
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Good. But like a little,Good. But like a little more of a sweet taste.
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Not bad for the money,Not bad for the money
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,2 out of 5,everthing is tiny about this is tiny,a tiny draw and a tiny burn. hard to get a good puff out of this. gets too hot. I suppose if you really needed some kind of a quick hit it would do but I like a more relaxed smoke.
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Good short smoke,Nice flavor a good short smoke would buy them again.
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Fantastic product,"Very great tasting, creamy, smooth in each round. I'm eager to buy these again."
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Little Cigars,If you like a quick smoke and don’t want to or can’t take the time to smoke a larger cigar these are for you. Great taste and a quick fix for your cigar craving.
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Perfect little treat,"These little gems are a favorite of mine. They are perfect with an early morning coffee, or that mid day pick me up, and equally nice as a night cap.
Only issue, they are small so only good for a quick smoke."
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great taste on the go...,Nice smooth taste for a quick smoke
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great tasting smoke,"I shared theses with my foursome, they all loved them. They wanted to know why I didn't bring more!"
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos - Irish Whiskey Natural,Nice short smoke with a great aroma. Even my wife can tolerate them.
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great little cigars !!,These are great little cigars with great flavor! Evyone I give them to loves them great buy for the money !
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Big things come in small package.,"Was a little cautious at first with the price being so cheap but after the first one was very satisfied. Nice draw and smooth finish , these little guys are the perfect pick-me-up for sitting back and relaxing on the front porch with a frosty beverage in the other hand after a long day of work. Very pleased !"
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,3 out of 5,a decent but short smake,"Bought these on sale: very mild in flavor, burn too hot for me, in addition to being a fast smoke. Burns easily and consistent. If on sale, a decent smoke"
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great little cigar,"Very mild and mellow, slow burning, with a great smell. Great small smoke for after work or anytime with a drink."
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Perfect,"Smooth, tasty quick smokes. Recommend"
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,5 out of 5,I love these little smokes,They are so tasty
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,3 out of 5,Sweet,"Too sweet for me, the natural is much better"
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Good short,These little vitolas have good flavor and construction. They last about 5-10 minutes and are perfect for a quick break. Not overly strong but full of flavor.
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Fine little cigar,Great taste for a good price!!
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Good lil smoke,"Quick smoke, good flavor, stays cool to the end."
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,5 out of 5,"Very pleasant, polite, informative young","Very pleasant, polite, informative young woman."
Erin Go Bragh St. Patrick's Day Edition,5 out of 5,"Cool box, very nice little cigars as always.","Its a cool box, not sure if these cigars are a different run from their Natrals or not, but they are a nice little smoke as always"
Erin Go Bragh St. Patrick's Day Edition,3 out of 5,fantastic flavorful little cigarillos,"These are about as good as cigarillos get, one of a rare few quality cigarillo. The only downside is that after one or two it has tongue-bite like pipe tobacco. If you plan on sticking to one or two at a time you should be fine."
Erin Go Bragh St. Patrick's Day Edition,5 out of 5,Mellow sweet and enjoyable. I cant wait to smoke another,"It's St. Patricks Day, these arrived today...perfect timing if u ask me. I opened up the box and they have a ""different"" smell...it doesn't smell infused, it smells more like fire cured tobacco...i lit one up and wow! It is a nice mellow yet sweet taste. If anyone says its harsh, it is because they pull too hard on them, these are cigarillos, u need to puff lightly and slow for the best flavor and to keep it burning smoothely."
Erin Go Bragh St. Patrick's Day Edition,4 out of 5,Strong little cigars,Quite a punch for a little cigar.
Erin Go Bragh St. Patrick's Day Edition,4 out of 5,Good but not my favorite,Good but not my favorite
Erin Go Bragh St. Patrick's Day Edition,5 out of 5,Erin go bragh,Great for a quick smoke. Mild and the price is right.
Erin Go Bragh St. Patrick's Day Edition,2 out of 5,they aren't bad but they aren't good either....,I typed in sweet because I like flavored cigars such as swisher sweets etc. this product came up in the name your price section so I bid fifteen dollars for the natural flavored which apparently means no flavor .... even though I won I lost .........
Erin Go Bragh St. Patrick's Day Edition,3 out of 5,Enjoyable but,The difference between all the types is very subtle and is not really expressed. It sounds like they are all really different when truthfully they are not. Enjoyable but will not be buying again.
Erin Go Bragh St. Patrick's Day Edition,5 out of 5,good price.,good price.
Erin Go Bragh St. Patrick's Day Edition,3 out of 5,Erin Bragh St Patrick Day Edition Cigarillos,Good for a quick smoke a little hot and harsh I need a suggestion for a little cooler and smoother quick smoke would not buy for 2nd time. But by all means try them not terrible bad.
Erin Go Bragh St. Patrick's Day Edition,3 out of 5,Average,"Very loosely packed, but for the price it provides a 5-10 minute long smoke that is fulfilling when you cannot have a full cigar."
Erin Go Bragh St. Patrick's Day Edition,5 out of 5,Erin Go Bragh St. Patrick's Day Edition Cigarillos,"Such a great value, and lovely (quick) smoke. Thank you!"
Erin Go Bragh St. Patrick's Day Edition,5 out of 5,There a great quick smoke,There a nice smooth mild smoke for when you only have a few mins for a puff
Erin Go Bragh St. Patrick's Day Edition,4 out of 5,good little quick smoke,Nice little smoke when you need a quickie
Erin Go Bragh St. Patrick's Day Edition,5 out of 5,good,tast good burn well
Erin Go Bragh St. Patrick's Day Edition,4 out of 5,Great Little Cigar,Great Little Cigar Smooth Up to half a cigar then they get to hot to smoke.
Erin Go Bragh St. Patrick's Day Edition,5 out of 5,St.Patrick cigarillos,"Excellent flavor, if you never tried them, do it now."
Erin Go Bragh St. Patrick's Day Edition,3 out of 5,Raspy but nice,"Nice and short smoke, raspy and like a cigarette."
Erin Go Bragh St. Patrick's Day Edition,2 out of 5,Fast smoke,Burns fast and hot. Almost like smoking a cigarette. I so enjoy this brand's Irish cream senoritas but I'm not so fond of the St. Patrick day cigarellos.
Erin Go Bragh St. Patrick's Day Edition,2 out of 5,quickie smoke,more like smoking a cigarette than a cigar. Tastes ok though.
Erin Go Bragh St. Patrick's Day Edition,5 out of 5,Lovely Irish Smoke,They are a flavorful tasty little smoke that's perfect for those little quickies.
Espinosa Alpha Dawg,5 out of 5,Alpha dawg,My second box of ten burns great and tasty one of my dad’s favorite
Espinosa Alpha Dawg,5 out of 5,Lockdown luxury,"Out on the patio with a smooth scotch and an excellent cigar - if you can’t get out due to lockdown mania, this cigar will satiate your passion for the aroma of great tobacco blend and relaxation."
Espinosa Alpha Dawg,5 out of 5,Very tasty,Very tasty
Espinosa Alpha Dawg,5 out of 5,Great smoke..,Great smoke..
Espinosa Crema,5 out of 5,Espinosa No 4,"Always an enjoyable smooth cigar. Never harsh, easy draw....a good friend of a smoke!"
Espinosa Crema,5 out of 5,Creamy is right!,"Great cigar, very smooth and like they say, very creamy,,"
Espinosa Crema,4 out of 5,creamy,Very creamy. Bill Clinton would approve.
Espinosa Crema,4 out of 5,"4.8 | Just Right | A Total Puro ""Go-To""","I am pretty sure that the Espinosa Crema I received and am inhaling right now (as part of Oct's CI Club package bonus selection) is perhaps a 6x48 or so. Not sure, but I sure like it allot! Smooth, tasty, and very easy on the palate. My third puro of this day and this stick is quite a ""finisher!"" Well done Erik and CI!!! Much gratitude and respect, T :-)"
Espinosa Crema,3 out of 5,loose draw on toro,"I bought the toro version, draw is very loose, classic Connecticut taste of mild pepper and wet hay, would not say this is ""creamy"". will let the final 2 cigars of the 5 pack sit another month or two and make a final review with addendum"
Espinosa Dread,4 out of 5,Dread is awesome!,I have smoked 4 or 5 of these at my local Cigar joint. Awesome flavor profile with a medium to slow burn. Provides a nice buzz about half way through that crescendo's at the finish.
Espinosa EO no. 21,4 out of 5,Not bad!,Good cigar for the price. Good draw and even burn
Espinosa EO no. 21,5 out of 5,Great stick,Always looking for a deal on a bundle and C.I. never lets me down. Fast delivery and always fresh.
Espinosa EO no. 21,4 out of 5,Great Cigar,"Great price, burns well. A must buy."
Espinosa EO no. 21,3 out of 5,This is a good smokable,This is a good smokable $2 cigar
Espinosa EO no. 21,5 out of 5,Love these cigars best one's..,Love these cigars best one's..
Espinosa EO no. 21,5 out of 5,What a wonderful surprise...! Highly recommended..!,"What a wonderful surprise...! Great flavor, easy draw with an even burn and billows of flavorful and pleasant smoke. Very well constructed Mellow to Medium in strength - 75 minute cigar and worth smoking to the nub. Try them - you won't be disappointed; whether a novice or a seasoned smoke. Highly recommended..!"
Espinosa EO no. 21,5 out of 5,Good cigar,You won’t be disappointed
Espinosa EO no. 21,3 out of 5,Not bad for the price,Not bad for the price point
Espinosa EO no. 21,5 out of 5,Good price,Very well-constructed cigar smokes like a $20 cigar
Espinosa EO no. 21,4 out of 5,AWESOME for under $30,I have to said awesome nice draw even burn far about 8 deep from 20 pass some out a BBQ I got a WoW NICE . . !
Espinosa EO no. 21,5 out of 5,Boat cigar,"Mild smoke for the boat, bait em up, light em up!"
Espinosa EO no. 21,5 out of 5,Great value!,In my experience they have been consistently very well made and burn smooth and evenly with a good draw.
Espinosa EO no. 21,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"Great cigar, especially for the price. I have smoked 15 out of 20 with no problems in construction, draw and flavor."
Espinosa EO no. 21,5 out of 5,Espinosa,all good..
Espinosa EO no. 21,4 out of 5,Good Everyday Cigar,"Great for when your working around the house, and with an evening cocktail."
Espinosa EO no. 21,3 out of 5,There ok just trying something,There ok just trying something new
Espinosa EO no. 21,3 out of 5,Good Smoke,"Tried my first on today. Flavor was great. Mild/medium. Wrapping was good and no problems. Price was definitely great. However, It’s wrapped pretty tight, would have given 4 stars but just a bit hard on the draw. Had problems keeping it lighted."
Espinosa EO no. 21,5 out of 5,Espinosa does it again.,Great smoke! Well constructed and typical outstanding Espinosa flavor!
Espinosa EO no. 21,4 out of 5,Superb Cigar at a Great Value!,"When my humidor starts to run low, I start paying more attention to CI email offers; that being the case recently, I couldn’t pass up a generous deal on these cigars. Best decision I’ve ever made!
Smooth, rich and flavorful, with notes of coffee or espresso. A wonderful smoke at any price. I’m enjoying my second EO as I write this review and so far both have burned evenly without unwrapping. Also, a nod to reviewer Steve L.: I agree that the ring art is unique and very smart. They’re as enjoyable to look at in my humidor as they are to smoke! I’ll be buying these again!"
Espinosa EO no. 21,3 out of 5,Headed down hill,"Use to get these and then just got into trying others. Went back to them and not the same. Wrapper unrolls, uneven burn - Just not the same but if you get a good batch you'll like 'em. I will try them again."
Espinosa EO no. 21,5 out of 5,For the price very nice,For the price very nice draw
Espinosa EO no. 21,5 out of 5,Good relaxing smoke,For a good occasional smoke very smooth with great taste
Espinosa EO no. 21,3 out of 5,A little above average. Didn't,A little above average. Didn't draw well. Good flavor
Espinosa EO no. 21,4 out of 5,"Creamy, mild to medium great warm weather cigar.","I’m writing from my past experience of the E.O. #21 cigars before they brought them back. I called them the poor man’s Montecristo White, because the cigar had a lot of the same characteristics: smooth, mild to medium strength, bountiful smoke volume, easy draw, good flavor and very well made & affordable. I’ve had lots of them Churchill, Toro, torpedo (not available), my favorites in descending order. They were my go to warm to hot weather cigar, when you may not feel like smoking something real strong. My hope is that the new round of them are at least as good. I had the opportunity to meet Eddie Ortega when he and Eric were still making th and they were showcasing his cigars. When I told him how much I enjoyed them, it put a big smile on his face. One thing, I appreciate good cigar art, and I find the wrapping and bands very attractive including the bands, simple, classy use of the red, white and touch of green, which I guess reminds me of Christmas ... can’t wait to open up the package to experience what’s within. Lastly, I just remembered one thing I liked about them, they seemed to come properly humidified and ready to puff with that lush creamy smoke. I actually preferred them that way rather than aged and dried out."
Espinosa EO no. 21,4 out of 5,Nice smoke for the price,First I've tried things. Got them on a CI special. I'll buy them anytime CI has a special on them.
Espinosa Habano,5 out of 5,Habano No. 4,This is an excellent cigar. Enjoy smoking it after a good meal or with a glass of brandy.
Espinosa Habano,5 out of 5,Absolutely Recommend,Best Cigar I've had in a while.
Espinosa Habano,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Worthy of recent high rating in cigar aficionado.
Espinosa Habano,3 out of 5,Good cigar,A good cigar. However I'd recommend Espinosa''s 601Blue and Green over these.
Espinosa Habano,3 out of 5,Burns unevenly,Burns unevenly
Espinosa Habano,3 out of 5,Good cigar for the money,Good cigar for the money
Espinosa Habano,4 out of 5,I'll buy more,Great stick start to finish
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,4 out of 5,Creamy rich smoke medium cigar,"Very excellent smoking medium cigar. Incredibly creamy smoke that's very thick, great for big clouds. Slow even burn with no runs cracks or flaws. Gets a little stronger into the last 3rd but for the most part medium all the way through. A very enjoyable smoke"
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,5 out of 5,Fantastic!,"perfect draw and tons of creamy smoke. A near perfect burn (one minor touch-up).
Flavors are very well-balanced cedar, spices, citrus, pepper and nuts. Loved it!"
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,5 out of 5,"A very straight forward, constant","A very straight forward, constant cigar, from a great manufacturer"
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,5 out of 5,Don’t hesitate to try!,"I agree. The color is great. The smoke is great. Still a novice, but you can just tell when there’s quality and taste. Even burn. Awesome aroma. Try it!"
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,5 out of 5,A delectable treat!!,I enjoyed every bit of this fine cigar. A mild body smoke with its own personality. Strays away from the typical ash and cigarette taste that some mild body sticks have. Glad I took a chance in grabbing some of these bad boys.
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,4 out of 5,I expected decent quality...,"...and I got it, at a reasonable price. These wouldn't be considered super premium, but they were worth the price paid. They're no Illusiones, but solidly good. Medium strength and flavor, good aroma, worth a try."
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,4 out of 5,Laranja,Very smooth
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,4 out of 5,Good everyday smoke!,Good flavor profile. Sometimes uneven burn.
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,5 out of 5,Nice Cigars,These cigars have a smooth draw.
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,5 out of 5,One of the best,"One of the best cigar I ever smoke, love it."
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,5 out of 5,Exceptional smoke,"After the first few minutes, this cigar settles down into an extremely smooth and flavorful smoking experience to the final puff. Highly recommended for novice and veteran smokers alike."
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,5 out of 5,Great flavor and a twist.,"These were a pleasant surprise for sure. I had never heard of this brand before...but after smoking one, that’s all it took to set the hook. I really enjoyed these because they stand out as very flavorful and uniquely different."
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,5 out of 5,Outstanding!,"I’ve read a lot about these cigars, but hadn’t had them until this purchase. They deserve every bit of their 94 rating, and I’d actually rate them higher; maybe a 96!"
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,4 out of 5,Espinosa Laranja,Excellent cigar. Good draw and burn. Very tasty smoke.
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,5 out of 5,I have not smoked them,"I have not smoked them yet, I will be up in Reno and will be smoking them around the 14."
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,5 out of 5,Smooth with a great taste,Smooth with a great taste
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,5 out of 5,One of the Best!,"Anyone who doesn't like this cigar should stop smoking cigars! One of the most well executed cigars from a structural perspective.Easiest of draws.Not overly strong,leaning toward the mild side..just a great smoke"
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,"Consistently easy draw,well constructed.Not overly strong,with a medium amount of flavor.When you are in the mood for a relatively mild cigar there is NONE better!"
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,4 out of 5,Very smooth smoke,Truely a pleasurable cigar!
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,5 out of 5,Smooth and tasty! One off,Smooth and tasty! One off my late night smokes
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,5 out of 5,Laranja Reserva Toro,Great cigar! Starts out a bit peppery but then a simply great smoke. Smooth even burning. As part of a sampler I was more than pleasantly surprised and have purchased the same sampler again and again just to enjoy this cigar.
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,4 out of 5,Espinosa Laranja = A Good Deal!,"I bought a box of Espinosa Laranja to bring on vacation and found it to be my go-to smoke for the trip. Well constructed, good price."
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,5 out of 5,Excellent!,A new favorite to keep in my humidor at all times-except when I’m smoking one.
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,5 out of 5,Fairly unique,"Read a lot of reviews of this cigar, before buying. IT is the first cigar in a long time that I've smoked down to a nub. There is nothing spectacular about it, it's just a kind of nuanced flavor that keeps you involved. Smoke it slow, and make sure it is lit well."
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,4 out of 5,"Reall,really good!","A bit overpriced, maybe, but a beautifully nuanced cigar. These are definitely worth a try, especially if you see them on sale or as part of a sampler deal. You may just find that they are worth your money at full price!"
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,4 out of 5,Very good cigar,Full flavor not to strong good cigar to try.
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,3 out of 5,Good Cigar,"Cigar is well made and smokes cleanly. However, I don’t taste much in the way of flavor. It is also more mellow than anticipated. Probably won’t be a staple in my humidor but I wouldn’t turn one down."
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,4 out of 5,Espinosa Laranja Reserva Toro,"Smooth, great draw with a lot of smoke and flavor. Medium but with enough strength to keep you coming back for more...."
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,5 out of 5,Coastal musings,Hands down one of the most enjoyable cigars I have smoked. Full body without harshness.
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,5 out of 5,Awesome Blend,Originally bought a 5er elsewhere then jumped on a special priced 10-pack from CI. I love these when I’m not looking for a maduro but want plenty of flavor. Has a really interesting complexity that for me includes a caramel sweetness and some orange peel. Very unique and impressive smoke.
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,5 out of 5,Just superb,"Wish I'd ordered a lot more when they were on sale. One of the best Cigars I've smoked.Mellow, good burn and flavorful"
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,5 out of 5,Great stick!,I love the toro vitola. I consider it to be a poor mans opus when it comes to the flavor profile.
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,5 out of 5,Espinosa Laranja,"Excellent cigar. Medium body but very full, rich flavors.Can be enjoyed by aficionado and beginners alike.One of my Go To favorites especially when they are Flash Sale 60% off. Try to always have 6-8 of these available in my humidors."
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,5 out of 5,great cigars,these are some of my favorites
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,4 out of 5,"Can't pronounce it, but love","Can't pronounce it, but love to smoke it."
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,5 out of 5,Laranja,Excellent. Padron quality. IMHO
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,4 out of 5,I don't know the hype so no bias for or against,I like this cigar and I don't know if it is the power of suggestion but I get a twinge of citrus. I enjoy it with a Rye and all is good.
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,5 out of 5,Espinosa,His absolute best! Love it!!
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,1 out of 5,Avoid like the Noid!!!,"If I could give this a zero star, I would. I took one of my five packs to my weekly cigar night with the guys raving about all the great reviews I read on CI. Not one person enjoyed the cigar. Everyone put the thing out half way (They only continued smoking the cigar due to them hoping it would get better). The worse part is that I still have three more 5 packs. Lesson learned."
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,5 out of 5,"Honestly, may be one of the best med-full bodied cigar this spring","Bought the Toro Espinosa very skeptically, not really ever trying other offering from this Cigar Maker. Well; either those folk have come into a excellent Crop of tobacco and tobacco rollers/blending or they are concentrating all their efforts on a small batch of tobacco rendering a cigar that's simply Superb!"
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,4 out of 5,I give it a 90!,"Everyone raves about this stick on all the cigar channels and forums, and I've been dying to finally try. I found this cigar inherently doable. I have only had one so far, and that was a medium body at best which surprised me. I'm ok with it though. I will happily smoke these again. Perfect construction, ash, smoke output, and all those other reviewer type comments."
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,4 out of 5,I give it a 90!,"Everyone raves about this stick on all the cigar channels and forums, and I've been dying to finally try. I found this cigar inherently doable. I have only had one so far, and that was a medium body at best which surprised me. I'm ok with it though. I will happily smoke these again. Perfect construction, ash, smoke output, and all those other reviewer type comments."
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,1 out of 5,Save your money,An almost flavorless cigar
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,5 out of 5,The wonderful orange cigar,"This cigar was suggested to me by no other than Erik Espinosa during an event at a local B&M in the KC area. And am I glad he did. I've come to realize that my pallet may never become refined enough to pick out all the subtle flavors that others seem too, but I know what I enjoy about a cigar. Construction must be VG to excellent, the draw easy, smoke smooth and no way harsh and the overall experience positive.
I get all of that from the Laranja Reserva Caixa. Will buy again and probably save up for a full box."
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,"Just moked one, great stogie, and CI rox"
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,5 out of 5,Wonderful Cigar,"Can't say enough about this stick. I would call it a medium. though some would call it a medium full. lots of spice, complexity, great flavor."
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,4 out of 5,Great cigar,Very different but great flavor. Has somewhat of a citrus flavor which give you a different option to keep in your humidor.
Espinosa Reggae,5 out of 5,If you like different dominate flavors,The best Caribbean flavor and Latin in one sweet puff.
Espinosa Wasabi,5 out of 5,Very mild!,"Got this in the COGM pack and found it to be a very mild cigar,,,very enjoyable....No buzz for me, just a nice flavor."
Espinosa Wasabi,5 out of 5,Amazing,Amazing smoke! Really does have a body that gives you wasabi vibes. E. Espinosa did an amazing job with this one.
Espinosa Wasabi,5 out of 5,great buzz,"these came in the COGM pack this month and they are amazing. the first thing i noticed is they are incredibly juicy. there is no wasabi flavor. the 'wasabi' comes from the candela wrapper. i didn't notice pepper, i thought the overwhelming flavor is a creamy butter. its a really strong smoke. i got a serious buzz after about 5 minutes of smoking and had to put it out a couple times. the buzz lasts about 20 minutes after smoking too. i've never been this buzzed from a cigar."
Espinosa Wasabi,5 out of 5,Very nice and mild cigar,"Very well constructed and smooth smoke! I thought it was quite mild for my palate, but all in all a very good cigar full of flavor. And I even got a hint of mint on my tongue. I would smoke it again. Kudos....."
Exactus Clasico,3 out of 5,Solid cigar but not great,Exactus clasico cigars are decent cigars if you prefer something on the milder side but that has a different taste. The only problem with the cigar is on lighting and the initial third of the cigar. The pallate is washed with an unpleasant pepper taste that does not fit with the cigar. However the flavor evens out and the wine fermentation becomes evident and lends an enjoyable and unique character to the cigar.
Excalibur,5 out of 5,Smooth,I have purchased Excalibur cigars for years and these didn’t disappoint. If you are looking for a mild and smooth draw on a cigar look no further!
Excalibur,5 out of 5,They did not disappoint Will,"They did not disappoint
Will return for more"
Excalibur,5 out of 5,Perfect Breakfast Cigar,"This one is amazing and always has been. Lasts well more than 9 holes unless in the wind, goes great with a cup of coffee, and guarantees NO DOUBLE BOGIES !!"
Excalibur,5 out of 5,very good,very good
Excalibur,5 out of 5,Heaven on Earth,A superb blend of tobatic bliss
Excalibur,4 out of 5,Excellent,"Nice mellow morning by the pool cigar , one of my favorite smokes nice even burn"
Excalibur,5 out of 5,great cigar,great cigar from start to finish. mild to medium throughout.
Excalibur,5 out of 5,Smooth Smoke,Very smooth and wonderful cigar. A great summer smoke on the patio
Excalibur,5 out of 5,Top Notch CI,CI has always been my go to cigar site to purchase quality cigars at a reasonable price.
Excalibur,5 out of 5,Favorite cigar,"This is my favorite cigar, glad to find another good source."
Excalibur,5 out of 5,An Excellent Medium Bodied Cigar..!,"Excellent construction, wonderful medium bodied cigar with a smooth draw and a very even burn. Nice aroma and plenty of smoke. Highly recommended."
Excalibur,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar!,Excellent cigar!
Excalibur,5 out of 5,My All-time Favorite,"I was in a cigar club at work. We met every week and we were told what cigar to bring so we would all smoke the same thing and discuss our likes and dislikes about it. Obviously I enjoyed many but my all-time favorite is the ""Hoyo De Monterrey Excalibur Maduro No. 1""."
Excalibur,5 out of 5,Resilient,great smooth and consistent
Excalibur,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar for anytime of day.,"Excellent construction, easy draw, medium body, good flavor with plenty of smoke. Highly recommended..!"
Excalibur,3 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Excalibur,5 out of 5,Maduro Excalibur excellent smoke.!,"I took a hiatus from cigar smoking for about fifteen years. Excaliburs were always at the top of my list. The couple I've had recently put them right back on top. Although it's mild to medium bodied cigar the maduro wrapper provides a lot of flavor, it's a well constructed cigar with a nice burn and much flavor. Next I have to try the Cameroon wrapped Excaliburs to see if they're as good as I remember them. The maduro was excellent.!"
Excalibur,5 out of 5,Great Smoke!!,"this was a great cigar - nice burn, extremely mellow draw and great price. I don't know anything about notes of cherry and ash, but I know this one is always a great smoke - I've been smoking these for about 20 years and they are always consistent. The final note is the price, which is great!"
Excalibur,4 out of 5,review,"Flavor is good, but some issues with uneven burning."
Excalibur,5 out of 5,Highly recommended!,"Hoyo de Monterey's Excalibur No. 5 is one of the best cigars on the market, especially for the CI price range. Suggestion: light the cigar and let is sit for at least 1 minute. Definitely a smooth, easy smoke with great flavors."
Excalibur,5 out of 5,Excellent and smooth,Excellent and smooth
Excalibur,5 out of 5,Best in class,"Great cigar , smooth long lasting stick"
Excalibur,5 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
Excalibur,4 out of 5,Delightfully surprised. First time trying,"Delightfully surprised. First time trying Excalibur, nice, smooth mild smoke. Great for guests who are not your avid cigar smokers."
Excalibur,5 out of 5,Fantastic,"Smooth, strong, leather, delicious beef jerky after-taste pleasure. People within range complimentary of scent, size and overall appearance."
Excalibur,4 out of 5,Excalibur Epicure,Good smooth creamy taste with a litter pepper towards the end. Problem with some rappers being very very loose.
Excalibur,5 out of 5,Good,Good
Excalibur,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,I wish I could afford to smoke 2 a day.
Excalibur,4 out of 5,Great Cigar,Excellent everday cigar at a very reasonable price point. Burns well.Medium strength.
Excalibur,4 out of 5,Great selection at good prices,Great selection at good prices
Excalibur,5 out of 5,Excalibur epicure,Another excellent quality cigar
Excalibur,3 out of 5,hard to smoke. wrapper is,hard to smoke. wrapper is too thin and it flakes. there are better cigars for the same price
Excalibur,5 out of 5,Very good and it's on,Very good and it's on sale
Excalibur,5 out of 5,My very first Cigar,Very Good Smoke. A older White man introduced me to this cigar back in the early 2000 in the Metro Atlanta Area.
Excalibur,5 out of 5,"This cigar is a classic,","This cigar is a classic, what else can you say, perfect draw and burn with a mild to medium profile."
Excalibur,5 out of 5,One of the Best,"Always love this cigar. One of the best out there, always a rich silky smooth smoke. Burns very evenly. This one you can always smoke below the wrapper without that bitter flavor."
Excalibur,5 out of 5,Personal favorite,"Never a bad one in the bunch. Good for any time of day. Not a complex smoke, just a pleasant one. Its almost all I smoke now."
Excalibur,4 out of 5,Excalibur cigars,All of the Dominican Republic Cigars are nice. But I really enjoy the taste of the Excalibur. Whether it be the smaller Epicure or the larger Churchill. I got the Epicure because I like smoking when I am walking my dog and the size is perfect so I am able to smoke the complete cigar instead of having it sit on my ashtray and dry out. For I am forbidden to smoke in the house because my daughter has asthma.
Excalibur,5 out of 5,Excellent,would love to buy again
Excalibur,5 out of 5,Excalibur,A nice smoke that burns true and straight. Well constructed and a different taste that is easy on the tongue. I will buy more when the price is on sale.
Excalibur,4 out of 5,Good smoke overall. Just a,Good smoke overall. Just a little strong for me. Leaves my head feeling a little funny...
Excalibur,4 out of 5,to me its one of,to me its one of the best on the market. great aroma smooth taste no harsh bite
Excalibur,4 out of 5,Very Nice,Good smoke and build. Burns well. Great medium flavor.
Excalibur,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Has a smooth quality draw
Excalibur,5 out of 5,Excalibur Epicure,"Hoyo De Monterrey cigars are a great smoke. These Excalibur Epicures were very reasonably priced and I am thoroughly enjoying smoking them.
If they were on sale again at the same price, I would buy even more!!"
Excalibur,5 out of 5,Was a good mellow smoke,Was a good mellow smoke I enjoyed it I want to try the other blend I tinker it a Connecticut
Excalibur,5 out of 5,Great Cigars,Great Cigars
Excalibur,4 out of 5,Great smokes !!!,Great smokes !!!
Excalibur,5 out of 5,Champan,Ecxellent Cigar
Excalibur,4 out of 5,Tasty smoke,Amother winner from Hoya
Excalibur Cameroon,5 out of 5,My favorite Cigars,"This is my favorite cigar, it has been a consistent blend and OK priced, cigars are like wine an acquired taste and for me this is it."
Excalibur Cameroon,3 out of 5,Ok Cigar,Very average cigar. Taste is ok.Not well wrapped
Excalibur Cameroon,5 out of 5,Good medium bodied flavor.,Great medium bodied taste. Love this Cameroon
Excalibur Cameroon,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Great Smoke
Excalibur Cameroon,5 out of 5,Inexpensive 45 min smoke. Very,Inexpensive 45 min smoke. Very high quality Cameroon wrap. Smoked was very high class. Just what I had expected. I will always have them in my humador.
Excalibur Cameroon,4 out of 5,Good stick,"Nice construction, full flavors medium body. Even better value for price."
Excalibur Cameroon,5 out of 5,Love these,Good all around smoke
Excalibur Cameroon,5 out of 5,Try these,Very nice cigar. Similar to the Excalibur natural with an added taste of black coffee. Tasty from start to nub.
Excalibur Cameroon,5 out of 5,Nice smoke!,"This has been a favorite for many years - back to when they were branded Excalibur 1066. I am a fan of cameroon wrappers and these deliver a lot of flavor. Nice construction, too - never have problems with these."
Excalibur Cameroon,5 out of 5,My favorite cigar,"I keep on buying them they are my favorite cigars, the producer is consistent with the mix you get 15 to 18 cigars per box of 20 evenly mixed like most cigar packaging. They are medium, smooth and burn nice white long ashes. I've been smoking cigars since 17, now I am 64 and here I am. Good luck all!"
Excalibur Cameroon,5 out of 5,6 Stars,This is my island cigar (in the under $15 range). Construction and blend are spot on. Each draw melts away the day's stress.
Excalibur Cameroon,5 out of 5,Fantastic Stick!,"Love the Cameroon sweet taste of this medium blend, particularly after a few months aging. One of my favorites!"
Excalibur Cameroon,5 out of 5,A winner,"Camaroon wrapper is my choice...this stick has all the goods...filler, binder, wrapper. Smokey dokey!!"
Excalibur Cameroon,5 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
Excalibur Cameroon,5 out of 5,My go to.,"I have been a fan of Hoyo since I first started smoking cigars and these have always been my go to's, especially when I can wait and let them mellow an extra 6 months or more."
Excalibur Cameroon,5 out of 5,one to enjoy,"first off make sure you have a large cutter as the ring Ga. is large, this Cameroon Churchill is smooth, burns evenly and has a great finish well worth a try please take the time to enjoy it."
Excalibur Cameroon,4 out of 5,Nice quick smoke,This cigar is a great breaker from my usual smoke and very enjoyable
Excalibur Cameroon,4 out of 5,Excalibur Cameroon Lancelot,Very good medium strength cigar. Good draw and little or no variation in cigar quality.
Excalibur Cameroon,5 out of 5,Excalibur Cameroon Merlin,King Arthur would be proud of Merlin's magic on this vitola. Love it.
Excalibur Cameroon,5 out of 5,Very nice cigar,Well constructed enjoyable smoke. Nice draw and even burn. Would buy again.
Excalibur Cameroon,5 out of 5,Great buy,Great buy and great taste!
Excalibur Cameroon,5 out of 5,Good shipping tme!,Good shipping tme!
Excalibur Cameroon,5 out of 5,You're a wizard!!,The merlin stick was such a good stick that I might contemplate buying a box!
Excalibur Cameroon,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Always one of my favorites. Great flavor and always a great burn. An enjoyable smoke
Excalibur Cameroon,4 out of 5,GOOD SMOKE,GOOD SMOKE
Excalibur Cameroon,5 out of 5,Very Good Smoke,"I have pretty much smoked my way through the Excalibur line and have settled in on the Merlin and Lancelot.....I love em. If I had to come up with anything critical, it would be that from time to time, a few of their sticks may have been rolled improperly. The draw is good, but no smoke will come through. Maybe I'm getting product rolled by a trainee. In any event, the problem is rare, and I love the Excaliburs, especially the Lancelot."
Excalibur Cameroon,5 out of 5,Humidor must have...,"Yes this is an older blend, but it is still one of the best Cameroon cigars ever and should be in your rotation. Great construction, burn and authentic flavor. Every Excalibur blend is great but this is a real treat you must have in the humidor..."
Excalibur Cameroon,1 out of 5,OLD CIGARS,"BRUTAL DRY CIGARS THAT EVERY ONE CRACKED WHEN LIT.
EVEN AFTER 2 WEEKS IN ELECTRICALLY CONTROLED HUMIDOR.
OLD STOCK. DONT COTHER"
Excalibur Cameroon,5 out of 5,Excalibur Cameroon Merlin,Absolute dream smoke. Cigars were in great shape
Excalibur Cameroon,5 out of 5,A wonderful Smoke,"Hoyo de Monterrey is a smoke that i can always count on, and the Excalibur is my cigar of choice. The flavor is enjoyed from the minute I light it up and you can't find a better finisher. If you have never tried this smoke you don't know what you're missing. There are not many cigars that I would recommend, this is one that I not only would, but I have. By all means, try this cigar."
Excalibur Cameroon,5 out of 5,Excalibur Cameroon Merlin,Smooth and flavorful
Excalibur Cameroon,4 out of 5,I rate this cigar 4-stars.,"I rate this cigar 4-stars. It was smooth, mellow yet full flavored. Easy draw through the whole smoke, but the cigar burned slowly. The smoke was of medium density with what I thought were toast and herbal flavors with just a hint of bitterness. I tasted secondary hints of cedar, leather, good whole wheat toast and toasted tobacco. I gave the 4-star rating instead of 5- because the wrapper frayed about half way through the smoke. - I will definitely buy this typoe of cigar again."
Excalibur Cameroon,5 out of 5,Disappearing too quickly,Cigars are great but they disappear too quickly. Now I have to order replacements!
Excalibur Cameroon,5 out of 5,"Hoya, Hoya!","Recently tried the Excalibur Cameroon Merlin. Great cigar, if you love Cameroon wrappers, as I do, be sure to give it a try. Great flavor, perfect construction and burn. Everything you would expect from a company with a long tradition!"
Excalibur Cameroon,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Mild smooth and a good smoke. For a fair price I might add.
Excalibur Cameroon,5 out of 5,Excalibur Cameroon King Arthur,Very good cigar.
Excalibur Cameroon,5 out of 5,Good,Very quick delivery. Only smoked two of them so far. One wrapper was fine but another wrapper came apart while smoking it. Good tasting cigar
Excalibur Cameroon,4 out of 5,Eddy Villa,"I've always enjoyed the Hoyos brand, but Camaroon Lancelot may be my favorite."
Excalibur Cameroon,5 out of 5,Will Buy Again,Smokes smooth and consistent throughout. Mild overall flavor.
Excalibur Cameroon,5 out of 5,Really great cigar.,I've been smoking these for a long time and they're my go to smoke when I want good cigar.
Excalibur Cameroon,4 out of 5,A pleasure full of smoke,Very smooth and nice from start to finish. The only thing I didn't like was that it doesn't last as long as I would like for the size of cigar and quality of smoke.
Excalibur Dark Knight,5 out of 5,Wonderful,Good cigar at a good price
Excalibur Dark Knight,5 out of 5,Dark Knight I,I enjoy Dark Knight I. They smell good and relax me while puffing away the day.
Excalibur Dark Knight,5 out of 5,Fast dellivery at a critical time,Purchased as a gift for my brother when another online retailer failed to fulfill an order. Ordered a week before Xmas and arrived in time for the holiday.
Excalibur Dark Knight,5 out of 5,Favorite cigar,Favorite cigar
Excalibur Dark Knight,5 out of 5,Nice,Great smoke
Excalibur Dark Knight,5 out of 5,The Excalibur Dark Knight II,"The Excalibur Dark Knight II has long been a favorite--- a full flavor, nice taste, and a good smoke."
Excalibur Dark Knight,5 out of 5,Hoyo,"Tried these for everyday cigars. Was pleasantly surprised . Full body rich in flavor and excellent burn.
Would highly recommend"
Excalibur Dark Knight,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,"Smooth, clean smoke. Easy to finish (toothpick cigar holder optional)."
Excalibur Dark Knight,5 out of 5,"Excellent smoke, very smooth!","This cigar is exceptional. It has great flavor, no bite and is very smooth!"
Excalibur Dark Knight,5 out of 5,Always wanted to try,"Glad I did try this smoke nice flavor good feel in hand not over powering
Pairs well with Yukon Jack"
Excalibur Dark Knight,4 out of 5,super fine old school Cuban Indian style cigar.,Feels good toothy well blended and rolled burns nice tastes great a cedar sweet cream hint/ great aroma smokes for an hour maybe more depends on how you smoke it. work your time and money..
Excalibur Dark Knight,5 out of 5,My fave maduro,"My fave maduro. Consistant great construction and draw. Burns cool. Nice taste. And not over priced.
Can't beat 'em."
Excalibur Dark Knight,5 out of 5,Top 3 maduro for your humidor,"There are so many cigars out there now and most of them are good, probably really good, however this is a cigar that I HAVE to have in my rotation. Maduros are my favorite type of cigars and this cigar has everything I love about a maduro. Look, feel, taste, burn, flavor and just the right strength. If you haven't tried this cigar, you really are missing out. A favorite!"
Excalibur Dark Knight,5 out of 5,Great cigar,As a regular cigar smoker I am never disappointed with the dark knight.
Excalibur Dark Knight,4 out of 5,Humidor worthy!,"Fantastic with an espresso. Excalibur ""Dark Knight"" ...I believe Commissioner Gordon would approve."
Excalibur Dark Knight,4 out of 5,Excalibur Dark Knight,A medium strength not to bad taste but it didn't burn well.
Excalibur Dark Knight,4 out of 5,Dark knight 1,One of my favorite cigars
Excalibur Dark Knight,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,A great smoke full of favor can't beat it!
Excalibur Dark Knight,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar. Robust taste but,Excellent cigar. Robust taste but not harsh
Excalibur Dark Knight,5 out of 5,Dark knight,Great new excaliber
Excalibur Dark Knight,5 out of 5,Excalibur Dark Knight - Dark Knight II,Excellent cigar
Excalibur Dark Knight,5 out of 5,Great Products,"Had very, very good luck with the quality of cigars I receive and prices are fair. Thank you"
Excalibur Dark Knight,5 out of 5,A new favorite!,"Rich, warm, leather and coffee flavors paired with a smooth, cool draw. A friend recommended Hoyo de Monterrey: I was not disappointed! And I have a new respect for my friend! I will be stocking my humidor with Excaliburs!"
Excalibur Dark Knight,5 out of 5,Excalibur Dark Knight I,"This is my all time favorite cigar! I have tried other maduro cigars, but none seem to measure up to the Dark Knight. I would highly recommend this cigar for anyone looking for full flavor and excellent burn."
Excalibur Dark Knight,5 out of 5,Long time favorite,Long time favorite
Excalibur Dark Knight,5 out of 5,Dark Knight,"one of, if not the best ive ever smoked.Burns even, aroma is unmatched in any other cigar. don't beleave me try one and see if you don't agree."
Excalibur Dark Knight,5 out of 5,Excalibur Dark Knight,"These sticks never are a let down!!! Packed with rich coffee flavors, thick billowing smoke and smooth draw, these remain a constant stable in my humidor."
Excalibur Dark Knight,5 out of 5,Delicious!,Perfect burners with a full rich taste. On vacation and shared with friends EVRYONE looked forward to their evening smoke.
Excalibur Dark Knight,5 out of 5,Smooth & Heavy,"Very good cigar. A very smooth, full bodied smoke."
Excalibur Dark Knight,5 out of 5,Very Good,I get a box of these every time I order.
Factory Throwouts,5 out of 5,Great value,"I have been buying the same cigars for years. They are smooth, mild, and priced right. Cigars Int'l makes it easy to purchase my regular supply."
Factory Throwouts,5 out of 5,Good cigars for the price,Good cigars for the price
Factory Throwouts,5 out of 5,Claro,"Great cigars!
Smooth and wonderful flavor!"
Factory Throwouts,5 out of 5,Great service and good cigars,Great service and good cigars for the $$
Factory Throwouts,4 out of 5,49 throw out,Good cheap everyday smoke
Factory Throwouts,4 out of 5,great for the cost,these are high quality and a great smoke. Lasts for over an hour and felt like a high quality cigar.
Factory Throwouts,4 out of 5,"smokes well, some times I","smokes well, some times I get tobacco coming off in my mouth. But is a good buy"
Factory Throwouts,5 out of 5,Surprising,"A surprisingly good cigar, and a great price."
Factory Throwouts,5 out of 5,for the value of the,for the value of the product a fantastic buy
Factory Throwouts,5 out of 5,Impress your your friends.,"I bought these, to hand out to my once a year cigar smoking friends. Now don’t get me wrong, they are a great cigar for the price, and the recipients love them, and when I tell them I got them from CI, they puff the chest out like they have a $20 cigar burning. I have enjoyed a few, and I will order them again."
Factory Throwouts,4 out of 5,Factory Throwouts are great,Factory Throwouts are great
Factory Throwouts,5 out of 5,Awesome!,Awesome!
Factory Throwouts,4 out of 5,Good price,Good price
Factory Throwouts,5 out of 5,Factory Throwouts,"Already buy three times and will buy again. Love them, good smoke and good price."
Factory Throwouts,4 out of 5,I love the flavor and,I love the flavor and smaokabilty. and Would recommend a Punch cut to smoke. V and snipping tend to unravel the whole cigar.
Factory Throwouts,4 out of 5,not bad,with the exception of one or two not a bad smoke for the price. only complaint the end cap a bit rough on most.
Factory Throwouts,5 out of 5,Awesome,"Great prices and great service, thank you"
Factory Throwouts,4 out of 5,smooth perfect size right price,smooth perfect size right price
Factory Throwouts,3 out of 5,Good for everyday smike,Good for everyday smike
Factory Throwouts,5 out of 5,Great everyday cigar,Great everyday cigar
Factory Throwouts,5 out of 5,Good smoke for the price,"Good smoke for the price
Prefer the sweets."
Factory Throwouts,5 out of 5,Nice Smoke!,"Nothing fancy, but enjoyable for walks and mowing the lawn. Good for watching movies in my man cave, too! A- to A grade!"
Factory Throwouts,4 out of 5,Did not receive,I ordered these cigars. Got a notice that they were shipped on the 16th. I have not received them. Help
Factory Throwouts,4 out of 5,Cigar review,I think its a good buy for the price. I will order more.
Factory Throwouts,5 out of 5,Good Smoke,"Good cigars,good price."
Factory Throwouts,5 out of 5,Great mellow well made cigar.,Great mellow well made cigar. Better than many highly regarded cigars. Sweetness level is just right. One of my favorites along with C’est La Vie.
Factory Throwouts,4 out of 5,very pleasant smooth smoke,very pleasant smooth smoke
Factory Throwouts,4 out of 5,Smooth easy draw Flavor is,Smooth easy draw Flavor is great
Factory Throwouts,4 out of 5,Nice and Smooth,A very nice smoke. Smooth with a little sweetness. There were a couple of dudes in the batch of 20 but overall most of these were very good.
Factory Throwouts,5 out of 5,Very good delicious 🤤,Very good delicious 🤤
Factory Throwouts,4 out of 5,99 sweets,for the price these cigars are great!
Factory Throwouts,5 out of 5,recent order,Very satisfactory!
Factory Throwouts,5 out of 5,My Factory Favorites,"Smooth burning, just enough sweetness, great cigar . 99.9 % good !"
Factory Throwouts,5 out of 5,Great deal,Great deal
Factory Throwouts,4 out of 5,Fsctory throwbacks 99,These cigars have a mild taste. They also burn clean. Once in a while they will not stay lit towards middle of smoke. Can live with that. Otherwise very good cigar for price.
Factory Throwouts,5 out of 5,Great customer service,Great customer service
Factory Throwouts,5 out of 5,I think there great really,I think there great really smooth and inexpensive this is my second order of them and will definitely get some more
Factory Throwouts,5 out of 5,Price is right. Good cigar.,Price is right. Good cigar.
Factory Throwouts,5 out of 5,Factory Throwouts 99 Cuben Wheeis,Factory Throwouts 99 Cuben Wheeis Churchill ARE GREAT
Factory Throwouts,3 out of 5,Throw Outs Dried Out,Have ordered cigars from CI for years - the last shipment was so dried out that some sticks just fell apart and others burned like a match in mintes.
Factory Throwouts,5 out of 5,A steal,I am an Acid Brand fanatic but these cigars are amazing for the price. Not as sweet as a Kuba Kuba or an Isla but great in substitute of and for the price I highly recommend
Factory Throwouts,4 out of 5,Great value,Great for a quick smoke
Factory Throwouts,5 out of 5,Great value,Good smoking cigar
Factory Throwouts,5 out of 5,it was ok at best,it was ok at best
Factory Throwouts,5 out of 5,Great sweet tip cigar,Great price and smokes cool and even
Factory Throwouts,5 out of 5,Enjoy them they nice everyday,Enjoy them they nice everyday cigars
Factory Throwouts,5 out of 5,like,like
Factory Throwouts,5 out of 5,great inexpensive smole,great inexpensive smole
Factory Throwouts,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Love these cigars when doing yard work!
Factory Throwouts,4 out of 5,A steal..,"A random choice finds me with a reasonably priced very good cigar. Well constructed with consistent draw, a moderate blend and satisfying smoke down to the last inch."
Fallen Angel,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Another great smoke from AJ
Fallen Angel,5 out of 5,Loved it,Loved it
Fallen Angel,3 out of 5,For me just an okay cigar,"Nice burn, good draw, & decent aroma. The flavor fell short for me."
Fallen Angel,4 out of 5,inexpensive good smoke,inexpensive good smoke
Fallen Angel,5 out of 5,GOOD SMOKE,"GOOD DRAW, FLAVOR, BURN RATE......FULL BODY"
Fallen Angel,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Tried for the first time tonight. Absolutely love it. Great flavor... Great price.
Fallen Angel,4 out of 5,One of my favorites,Fallen Angel is one of my favorite AJ sticks. Always tasty with a nice burn.
Fallen Angel,5 out of 5,Excellent,These are evertthing I expected and more. An excellent cigar. I will definitely buy these again.
Fallen Angel,5 out of 5,Fallen Angel - Mike Jordan,Wonderful cigar. Not for the weak Hearted or beginners.
Fallen Angel,4 out of 5,Fallen Angel box pressed robusto,"A flavorful smoke, good construction, fairly slow burn. I liked it!"
Fallen Angel,5 out of 5,Another AJ Fernandez HIT,"These cigars are what we have all come to expect from A J Fernandez!
Top shelf smoke. For A J...Business as usual!"
Fallen Angel,5 out of 5,Awesome cigars,Awesome cigars
Fallen Angel,5 out of 5,my favorite,I wish this could be my every day cigar
Fallen Angel,5 out of 5,Fallen Angel robusto,as always a very good smoke at a very good price
Fallen Angel,4 out of 5,WISCONSIN,DECENT CIGAR.
Fallen Angel,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Plenty of flavor and body. Very smooth and easy to smoke. Love the size and box press. Way too much cigar for the price. You might feel guilty for not paying more!
Fallen Angel,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"Received it in a mystery brown bag pack and I'm in love with it. Awesome flavor, burned perfect, 10/10"
Fallen Angel,5 out of 5,Fallen Angel cigars,These are some of the best and smoothest cigars. they are really good are always my go-to!!!
Fallen Angel,5 out of 5,My Favorite,Outstanding.
Fallen Angel,4 out of 5,Very tasty for the price.,Very tasty for the price.
Fallen Angel,3 out of 5,Falling into a great deal,"Caught these puppies on sale and boy did I luck up!!! They were smooth with a hint of sweetness, and still had that feeling of a full-body cigar"
Fallen Angel,5 out of 5,Another A J Fernandez winner,Tried this as part of a variety bundle and love it. Flavor build throughout the cigar; Caramel and leather
Fallen Angel,4 out of 5,Nice smoke,I’ve bought them before and will buy them again
Fallen Angel,5 out of 5,Fallen Angel,"Bought on a whim, tastes amazing. Very pleased!"
Fallen Angel,5 out of 5,The leader,One of the best I’ve had in a long time
Fallen Angel,4 out of 5,Fallen Angel,Just finished my third and I’m impressed with the quality build and smoke of this cigar. Consistent thru the entire smoke.
Fallen Angel,5 out of 5,5 stars,fallen angels have become a staple for my humidors.
Fallen Angel,5 out of 5,Coolest burn throughout,"Got one of these in a sample pack but loved it so much I had to leave a review on this one individually. It provided a cool slow burn that lasted almost the entire time. The flavor was bold without being overpowering. With a not too sweet caramel start followed up by a light pepper and spice finish. I will be buying more when the humidor space opens, or a sale on another one. Which ever comes first :)"
Fallen Angel,3 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Fallen Angel,5 out of 5,Fallen Angel has risen,"Very skeptical at first didn't think it would have the body and flavor for natural leaf wrapped stick, but was pleasantly surprised not only by the burn but also the rich flavor. Would purchase this brand again"
Fallen Angel,5 out of 5,FALLEN ANGEL IS A HIT !!!,"AJ FERNANDEZ has done it again, with his latest addition to his line up.
The ""Price Is Right"" and it's a Superb Smoke ! ♥
You can't get a better Cigar for the Price !"
Fallen Angel,5 out of 5,Good smoke!,The Fallen Angel Robusto is a full bodied smoke that packs a lot of flavor in such a small cigar. If you are short on time but want a strong cigar then this is the one for you.
Fallen Angel,5 out of 5,Fantastic smoke will definitely be,Fantastic smoke will definitely be getting more
Fallen Angel,5 out of 5,Fallen Angel,"Great cigar. Even burn,good ash,awesome flavor. Notes of leather and pepper. Great finish. One of my favorites!"
Fallen Angel,5 out of 5,Very Good!,"As a box pressed fan, this is a great cigar. You must try it!"
Fallen Angel,5 out of 5,Very good cigar,My husband said that he really enjoyed them
Fallen Angel,5 out of 5,Great cigars!,Great cigars!
Fallen Angel,5 out of 5,Nice,Nice
Fallen Angel,5 out of 5,Suprised,"Got these with my main purchase, so far they are enjoyable but need more rest to them"
Fallen Angel,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Not bad
Fallen Angel,5 out of 5,Some of the best I've had in the U.S.,"The selections of cigats that are available, are some of the best I've smoked since moving back to the U.S."
Fallen Angel,5 out of 5,"Perfect, I mean PERFECT burn!","Great Surprise! Wanted to try something new in the ""Build Your Own Mega-Sampler"" and this was a great choice. Perfect, I mean PERFECT burn. Easy draw. Tasty and a little spicy but not over powering. If you like Sanch Panza Double Maduro, you'll like this."
Fallen Angel,4 out of 5,In heaven,Nice easy draw. Great smoke and flavor. I like this alot!
Fallen Angel,4 out of 5,Fallen Angel,"I originally received these as part of a Build-Your-Own sample pack when I really wanted to try another cigar. When I opened the box and saw them however, I just had to try them; these are beautiful cigars. While they didn't break into my top five, they are a well made box-pressed treat. If you like full bodied cigars, these are a must try! Would buy them again."
Fallen Angel,5 out of 5,Fallen angel,"Defiantly a top contender, lots of smoke and smooth."
Fallen Angel,5 out of 5,FANTASTIC CIGAR AT A GREAT PRICE!,BOUGHT A FIVE PACK TO TRY! I WAS SO IMPRESSED I JUST ORDERED A BOX. THE ONLY CIGAR I LIKE BETTER IS THE PRENSADO! AT HALF THE PRICE THE FALLEN ANGEL IS MY GO TO CIGAR! GET THEM WHILE YOU CAN!
Fallen Angel,5 out of 5,Pretty solid at a good price,"Would definitely get this again. A bit heavier, decent smoke length, enjoyed the flavor as it developed."
Fallen Angel,3 out of 5,Not in love,"I bought these in, oh... September 2015? Smoked a few over the next several months and did enjoy them but for a lack of intriguing flavor. Construction, top shelf. Draw, top shelf. Smoke output, you bet. Strength, (ah'hem!) SOLID! And this box press is the perfect size for me. There is SO much to love about this cigar. I'm finally smoking the last of these (almost a year & 1/2 later) and still, sadly, it's just lacking a little something from the flavor department. I'm a huge fan of A.J.'s work. But I feel like the Fallen Angel could take a sip of the Unholy Cocktail and bring something divine to the masses."
Fallen Angel,3 out of 5,"Potent, a little harsh.","Began quite strong, even harsh with cedar and pepper. Settled down and became more creamy if a little sweet. Full-bodied no doubt. Well constructed. Even burn. A bit too strong for me."
Fallen Angel,5 out of 5,Fallen Angel love,these are great budget cigars. AJ has hit one out of the park with these. Only been able to find on CI site. so buy a box. you wont be disappointed.
