prod_name,stars,review_title,review_body
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,Very good smoke for the price!,Def recommend if looking for an everyday smoke at an affordable cost.
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,1876,Good cigar smokes smooth !!
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,1876 Reserve,I have always liked this brand. I usually smoke the churchill.
1876 Reserve,4 out of 5,1876,Light and smooth
1876 Reserve,4 out of 5,Great golf cigat,Cant beat them for the price
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,Great every day smoke.,"Mild, smooth, early in the day smoke. Will buy again."
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,Nice smokes,I really liked these cigars. They smoke easily and evenly with no harsh taste. Every one in the bundle smoked the same as the other ones. Very nice smoke.
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,Great torpedos,Shared 1876 torpedos with some friends who really liked them as a lower priced mild cigar.
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,Good smoke,"Great smoke, great price. Hope you continue to have them"
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,Nice mild smoke,Nice mild smoke
1876 Reserve,4 out of 5,1876 Reserve Toro,"Consistently very good, especially given the price."
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,Smooth Burn,Good Cigar for the money.
1876 Reserve,4 out of 5,Very nice surprise! If you,Very nice surprise! If you are a fan of a milder cigar this was great!!
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,Excellent service and shipped promptly,Excellent service and shipped promptly
1876 Reserve,3 out of 5,1876 Reserve Toro,OK mild cigar for low price point.
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,1876 Torpedos,"The 1876 is my everyday cigar. I enjoy the mild Connecticut wrapper and their good draw. Price is O.K.
Two comments:
1. Several long stems in the tobacco leaves. Some are almost 4"" long. Thick, tough and gnarly. I pull the large ones out using forceps. Messy to do that.
2. Wrapper tends to de-laminate when cigar band is removed. Suggest that less glue (or none) is used on the band."
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,Great Value,"Consistent, easy draw. Smooth and mild."
1876 Reserve,4 out of 5,Decent everyday smoke,"Smooth enough, with a consistent enough burn to be an everyday stick at a good price"
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,Good for relaxing in the,Good for relaxing in the day
1876 Reserve,4 out of 5,Great cigar for the price,Great cigar for the price
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth
1876 Reserve,4 out of 5,My fav go to affordable,My fav go to affordable cigar
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,Best cigar for the buck,Best cigar for the buck
1876 Reserve,4 out of 5,Smooth,"Smooth draw, nice cigar for the price."
1876 Reserve,4 out of 5,As I expected.,As I expected.
1876 Reserve,4 out of 5,Great cigars for the golf,Great cigars for the golf course. Burns steady and even. Had a player tell me they smell good too.
1876 Reserve,4 out of 5,A little burn issue,"The few I have tried have been OK, but a couple of them
have burned poorly. I bought them as my garage cigar, but truly, nothing special. I'll go back to the Don Rafeal's when I finish this bundle."
1876 Reserve,4 out of 5,good,good
1876 Reserve,4 out of 5,1876 reserve,Affordable everyday cigar
1876 Reserve,3 out of 5,1876 Reserve Torpedo,A little harsh at times. Not bad for the price
1876 Reserve,4 out of 5,Good daily smokes.,Good daily smokes.
1876 Reserve,4 out of 5,Great Cigar,I’m a fan of a mild cigar. The 1876 Reserve Torpedo is definitely the cigar that suits my taste. Very easy draw. Worth the price
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,Costs,Great cigars but as I purchase these same smokes every month I'd like to think I'd get something extra like free shipping or other items.
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,1876 Reserve Toro,Smooth cigar !!!
1876 Reserve,4 out of 5,Nice,Good knock around smoke for the money
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,I'm a truck driver and,"I'm a truck driver and these are great everyday cigars, smooth and burn evenly."
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,"Nice mellow cigar, wish they","Nice mellow cigar, wish they had Churchill's available, next time...."
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,Very good cigar,"You would be hard pressed to find a better cigar for 2 bucks or less. It burns evenly, not hot and no hollowing, good taste and well constructed. I am retired and on a budget, and these fit the bill. I would recommend them to anyone who is looking for a good budget smoke."
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,Great value!,Great value!
1876 Reserve,4 out of 5,"Reliable service,good cigars Very little","Reliable service,good cigars
Very little to complain about."
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,Favorites,These are my husband's favorites.
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,Best price for a good,Best price for a good golf cigar
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,like,price and very smooth
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,Great smoke for the price.,"I enjoy mild connecticuts, and this one is great. its mild; draws and burns good; and the taste is not overpowering. I smoke this as my regular, and others on weekends and gatherings."
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,I like mild with taste-this is it,"smooth, mild taste A great one hour relaxed smoke-don't get better than that!"
1876 Reserve,3 out of 5,Not a bad golf course,Not a bad golf course cigar. Price is good.
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,Smoooth!!,"Simply said, smooth smoke, good price!"
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,A Faovorite,"This one is a FAVORITE of mine. Mellow, smooth & easy draw."
1876 Reserve,4 out of 5,Good mild smoke.,Very good and mild smoke at a decent price.
1876 Reserve,4 out of 5,1876 Poppy,Great taste and mild.
1876 Reserve Maduro,4 out of 5,good everyday smoke,good everyday smoke
1876 Reserve Maduro,5 out of 5,Best value for the money!,"Well made, flavorful and a great value. My ""go to"" daily smoke!"
1876 Reserve Maduro,4 out of 5,Good cigar,"These are some of my favorites. Madura, mild and consistent."
1876 Reserve Maduro,3 out of 5,"Mark Twain smooth, okay","Mark Twain smooth, okay"
1876 Reserve Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent buy for the money,Great smooth everyday cigar !!
1876 Reserve Maduro,4 out of 5,Great taste,Rating of a 4.5 out of 5. The cigars are a smooth and refreshing taste.
1876 Reserve Maduro,4 out of 5,Good for the price,Good for the price
1876 Reserve Maduro,5 out of 5,My go to golf course,My go to golf course cigar. Mild with an even burn. Buy them often.
1876 Reserve Maduro,4 out of 5,"This is my golfing partner,","This is my golfing partner, I always have a couple with me on the course"
1876 Reserve Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke for the price,Great smoke for the price
1876 Reserve Maduro,5 out of 5,Nice cigars,Nice cigars
1876 Reserve Maduro,5 out of 5,Very Smooth,Very Smooth
1876 Reserve Maduro,4 out of 5,This cigar had a smooth,"This cigar had a smooth medium flavor that stayed true to end of the cigar, not harsh or bitter. It also had a good even draw, stayed lit and produced about an inch and half ash. An excellent value cigar for the price."
1876 Reserve Maduro,5 out of 5,Good Cigar for the price,Nice cigar for the price. Draws easy and smooth taste.
1876 Reserve Maduro,4 out of 5,"Good, smooth smoke. Stays lit","Good, smooth smoke. Stays lit and burns evenly. Would definitely buy again. Great for the back nine."
1876 Reserve Maduro,5 out of 5,Nice smoke,All things considered this is not only a great buy it’s also a very good smoke. They have a good draw and good taste all the way through.
1876 Reserve Maduro,4 out of 5,Great cigar for the price,Great cigar for the price
1876 Reserve Maduro,5 out of 5,Found to be nice and,Found to be nice and smooth
1876 Reserve Maduro,5 out of 5,Great everyday cigar,"The 1876 Maduro is well made, stays lit, has pleasant aroma and good taste. Can’t beat the price for these cigars. Give them a try."
1876 Reserve Maduro,4 out of 5,Good value,Good value for the price
1876 Reserve Maduro,5 out of 5,Hoping to keep these secret so they remain in stock,"Phenomenal deal for the price. Draws easy, stays together, burns even. I think I've only had one that was packed a little tight. The rest were great."
1876 Reserve Maduro,4 out of 5,1876 Reserve Madurai Churchhill,"Very mild, good burning cigar, especially the price!"
1876 Reserve Maduro,4 out of 5,Good - Not Great,A good choice for casual smoke or on golf course.
1876 Reserve Maduro,3 out of 5,An Everyday Cigar,"A solid, well made, everyday cigar."
1876 Reserve Maduro,5 out of 5,"Good cigar , Great price","Good cigar , Great price"
1876 Reserve Maduro,4 out of 5,An everyday smoke,"Nice cigar for a fair price, not a good ash but an everyday smoke"
1876 Reserve Maduro,5 out of 5,Love the brand,Have purchased other 1886 in the past and was okeased so i tried these. Live ‘em. Great burn and flavor.
1876 Reserve Maduro,4 out of 5,"Good cigar, good price","A good cigar for that price, it doesn't burn very well but for that price I'm amazed"
1876 Reserve Maduro,4 out of 5,1876 Reserve Maduro a great smoke,"This is a good short smoke that is mellow and smooth. Just right with a cup of coffee, glass of wine or a good scotch."
1876 Reserve Maduro,5 out of 5,Good flavor Cigar,Very good flavor cigar. not strong smokes well.
1876 Reserve Maduro,4 out of 5,Good for the price,Good cigar for the price
1876 Reserve Maduro,5 out of 5,5 star in its price,5 star in its price range.
1876 Reserve Maduro,5 out of 5,good every day smoke!,good every day smoke!
1876 Reserve Maduro,5 out of 5,1876 Reserve Maduro Churchill,Good smoke to relax with Have others but I prefer this one
1876 Reserve Maduro,5 out of 5,A bit spicier than I,A bit spicier than I expected. Nice surprise. Very enjoyable.
1876 Reserve Maduro,5 out of 5,"Best cigar on the planet,","Best cigar on the planet, that’s because CI is the best cigar distributor, thanks for being there CI!"
1876 Reserve Maduro,4 out of 5,Great Smokes for the Money!,Great Smokes for the Money!
1876 Reserve Maduro,3 out of 5,good cigar for its price,Nice cigar that burns evenly and has a mild taste
1876 Reserve Maduro,4 out of 5,chuck's 3,I like these and will probably order more.
1876 Reserve Maduro,5 out of 5,"Very smooth, enjoyable smoke. Not","Very smooth, enjoyable smoke. Not heavy like most Maduros but with an even balance that doesn’t overwhelm. Pleasantly surprised. This will be one of my go to smokes"
1876 Reserve Maduro,5 out of 5,Maduro,"Great cigar, mild with no after taste"
1876 Reserve Maduro,4 out of 5,OK everyday cigar,OK everyday cigar
1876 Reserve Maduro,5 out of 5,Good smoke for the price!,Good smoke for the price!
1876 Reserve Maduro,4 out of 5,Cigars,Good cigar
1876 Reserve Maduro,4 out of 5,Great draw and smooth finish.,Great draw and smooth finish.
1876 Reserve Maduro,4 out of 5,brunch little one//,one word...great
1876 Reserve Maduro,5 out of 5,1876 reserve,excelent every day cigar
1876 Reserve Maduro,4 out of 5,Loose wrap,Nice QUICK smoke due to loose wrap. Flavorful and mild. Worth the coin
1876 Reserve Maduro,4 out of 5,Decent inexpensive cigar.,"Great for a daily smoke. Good draw, mild, very good presentation, overall good cigar for the price."
1876 Reserve Maduro,4 out of 5,I like these cigars!,Really good bang for the buck. Will definitely order again.
3x3 Tubos by Davidoff,4 out of 5,It's a true Cigar,"No.1 is the price point. This cigar is clean, enjoyable, and allows a true tobacco experience. Just can't go wrong here ;)"
3x3 Tubos by Davidoff,4 out of 5,Look cheap but got great taste,Mild flavor and burns steady - very nice. But the cigars don’t come with any label so they look cheap.
3x3 Tubos by Davidoff,5 out of 5,5-Star Budget Smoke,"I’m writing this after smoking about 5 ROTT, and...I like ‘em! A lot. I got them for a steal, and I’m definitely coming back for more. I’ve been looking for a shade wrapper for a morning smoke that edges a little more toward medium, and this one does. Some black pepper, lots of grass and sweet cream, all the good stuff. I’ve heard that these are rolled by Davidoff’s apprentice rollers, and I mostly can’t tell from construction. If I’m being critical, they are a LITTLE bit softer than I’d like, and because of that they smoke kind of quick. There is variation in the wrapper color. That’s about all of the cons, tho."
3x3 Tubos by Davidoff,5 out of 5,Can't beat it...,Davidoff Churchill for $3 a piece; I'll take that every time.
3x3 Tubos by Davidoff,4 out of 5,No disappointments!,Truly clean... pleasant... enjoyable cigar. Price point unmatched for pure tobacco flavor. Great golfing cigar or compliment to a stronger stick. No disappointments.
3x3 Tubos by Davidoff,4 out of 5,Good Buy,Good smoke.
3x3 Tubos by Davidoff,4 out of 5,All good some of the,All good some of the mes it a noche Had a bad draw
3x3 Tubos by Davidoff,5 out of 5,Super Value and Quality,"Love tubos for travel but these impressed my brother-in-law. Front porch laugh session, he comments on the beautiful cylinder of ash and the balance of medium flavor. For once I agreed with him."
3x3 Tubos by Davidoff,5 out of 5,Perfect cheap and mild.,"This is the mild smokers dream. No it does not have complex ANYTHING. It is just mild, end of day, Irish whiskey on a rock, easy draw, kind of stick. It does'nt change flavor. It does'nt bite my tongue half way with BOLDNESS. It's just mild, easy drawing, relaxing. If you need complex boldness with stiff bulldog draw and relighting at odd moments constantly? You won't like this. OH YEA it doesn't cost 10 bucs a stick either. I am writing this one handed with a 3x3 clenched between my teeth and a whiskey right now."
3x3 Tubos by Davidoff,3 out of 5,Not much flavor,Not much flavor
3x3 Tubos by Davidoff,5 out of 5,Marc,Fantastic cigar.
3x3 Tubos by Davidoff,4 out of 5,Nice Cigar,"Tried these for the first time, and was not disappointed, they are a nice mild cigar with enough body to sit back and enjoy. Great for sitting on the deck and doing some grilling!"
3x3 Tubos by Davidoff,5 out of 5,GREAT CIGAR but even GREATER PRICE.,what a great tasting cigar for an even better price. i had always 'wanted' to smoke a DAVIDOFF but could not really afford to buy one. will definitely buy these again. THANK YOU C.I. for making this DAVIDOFF soooooooooooooo affordable.
3x3 Tubos by Davidoff,5 out of 5,This guy is tubo happy.,"Very, very pleased with the tubos. The cigar is better than I expected and worth every penny. Unexpectedly, they stay lit even when put down to make a shot on the golf course. My preference is mild to medium and these are exactly what I like.
I'll buy more."
3x3 Tubos by Davidoff,5 out of 5,Top notch cigar,Top notch cigar
3x3 Tubos by Davidoff,4 out of 5,Good for he price,Good cigar for the price
5 Vegas Big Five,4 out of 5,Good,Good
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,Vegas big five,"I enjoy the smooth flavor of the Vegas big five Robusto it’s sweetness is just one of the many
reason why the big five has become one of my favorite cigars"
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,Big & bold.,Big & bold.
5 Vegas Big Five,4 out of 5,nice purchase,good value for size. easy draw and a quick smoke
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,5 Vegas Big Five,Enjoyed this cigar. Good burn and flavor.
5 Vegas Big Five,4 out of 5,Good smoke for two bucks.,Good smoke for two bucks. Good size ring gauge . Long lasting smoke.
5 Vegas Big Five,3 out of 5,Tight draw,"Tastes good mild/medium, burn slow and even. The draw is extremely tight. I’ve smoked 3 out of five. I put the last 2 up for a little humidor time."
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,5 Vegas Big Five Toro,"Although I've only smoked one of them so far, I found them to be an excellent smoke. The construction was excellent. Had a nice full easy draw and burned evenly throughout the whole cigar. I also thought it had a full earthy, leathery taste which I thought what's good."
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,Good draw on these,Good draw on these
5 Vegas Big Five,4 out of 5,Smokes great,Great stick smokes well taste even better
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,Big 5,My go to favorite now.
5 Vegas Big Five,4 out of 5,Better than expected...,"Got these on a lark off of MMAO. Was pleasantly surprised what a nice tasting stick it was. Have not been a real big fan of 5 Vegas in the past, but these might change my mind.
There was a little bit of a contsruction issue. I pulled a pretty large stem out of the end, but other than that, a nice smooth, even burn."
5 Vegas Big Five,4 out of 5,Big 5 robusto,"I waited for an amazing deal from CI on these. As an avid smoker of 5 Vegas classic I had to try the new blend. Medium body, good cherry notes and consistent during the burn, holds an ash like a pro, burns cool also. The last 2” is where it changes and gets fuller, gets a bit hot at 1.5” but yummy good. 4 stars is a good rating for this one. You won’t be disappointed"
5 Vegas Big Five,4 out of 5,"Good cigar, although a bit","Good cigar, although a bit on the mild side. I do like the Gurkha Governor's 6x60 better."
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,Big 5,Awesome full flavored cigar
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,Amazing Smoke,"Amazing smoke!! Start to finish, just plan to spend some time with it!! Great flavor profile, nice burn, and went great with a couple fingers of your favorite pour."
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,Love them,Becoming a top 10 favorite!
5 Vegas Big Five,4 out of 5,5Vegas Big Five,Best 5 Vegas so far. Also like the large Guage torpedo option. Never had one quite that large
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,Always a good smoke.,Great cigar. CI has the best selection and prices.
5 Vegas Big Five,3 out of 5,Good,"As good as any 5 Vegas, but the tips are unraveling making you having to recut,
At times, but still a good stick"
5 Vegas Big Five,3 out of 5,A bit hard to draw,"The flavor was nice, my first experience with this cigar was good so I bought more. This time, three cigars into the ten pack, they seem a bit hard to draw from."
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,Great prices great cigars,Great price on a darn good cigar
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,Vegas 5 cigars,"Very smooth draw, a little big, wish it came in a smaller ring size. Make some time to smoke this one, but a great smoke like all Vegas 5 cigars."
5 Vegas Big Five,4 out of 5,Five Vegas torpedo,Enjoyed this cigar..good smoke..flavor was ok but not terrible..overall I'd probably get it again..good size
5 Vegas Big Five,4 out of 5,Vegas,Miss being to select from a variety of 5Vegas cigars. When are they coming in?
5 Vegas Big Five,3 out of 5,Doesn’t pull very well.,Doesn’t pull very well.
5 Vegas Big Five,4 out of 5,Strong flavor..,A strong flavor cigar.. not a mild cigar
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,Love the size and taste,Love the size and taste
5 Vegas Big Five,2 out of 5,Better luck next time,"I purchased 2 boxes, both boxes sticks where rolled to tight. Very hard to smoke. Not much depth, very boring. I’ll never buy these again."
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,5 Vegas,Great cigar
5 Vegas Big Five,1 out of 5,Horribly tough draw!,Received this cigar as part of my haul from Cigar Fest. This was the tightest packed cigar I’ve ever smoked. An absolute brick. Gave myself a headache trying to get a decent draw. Gave up halfway. Maybe I just got a bad batch.
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,5 Vegas is the best!,Always a great smoke!!! All of em'!!!!!
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,Awesome,Awesome
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,5 Vegas Big Five - Big Taste,Deep rich flavor at an affordable price.
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,Best stick I've tried from 5 Vegas,Bought this on sale when they were released. I was surprised that these are this good. Better than the box of 5 Vegas gold or classics. More robust and flavorful in a good way.
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,Great cigars,Great cigars everything thing from really good cigars to everyday smokes at great prices
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,the big5 is the big tasty,very good small gigar with great flavors and a decent draw
5 Vegas Big Five,3 out of 5,Okay,Not the best smoke by 5 Vegas.
5 Vegas Big Five,2 out of 5,Excitement to disappointment,"I was very excited to get these cigars. I have now smoked 5 of them and really like the taste. They smoke nice and even. But, 4 of the 5 have came unwrapped while I have been smoking them. I keep my humidor between 71-73. They have all seemed dry and brittle. I am very disappointied, as I am a big fan of Vegas Cigars. Maybe I just got a bad batch. Curious to watch future reviews."
5 Vegas Big Five,2 out of 5,Poor Condition,I bought a box of these which came with another bundle of 10 for an up charge. The bundled cigars are so dried out that as soon as one is lit the wrapper cracks completely down the side and peels. I don't know what the condition of the boxed cigars are as I haven't opened them yet. Ordered these before and really enjoyed them. Not sure I would take a chance again.
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,I have bought over 280,I have bought over 280 different cigars from you. The Big 5 is now on my top 10 !! XXXOOO
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,Big Vega 5 Torpedo,"Great cigar, good burning, flavorful and a gret smoke. Definitely will buy again!"
5 Vegas Big Five,2 out of 5,No good,"Very disappointed with this series. I was like a kid in a candy shop when I saw these and ordered 40 because of the quality I’ve always gotten. Well unfortunately these are horrible. Had them in a humidor for 2 months now and the only way I can get the to burn is to toss them into a fire pit. All were dry, hard and no matter how hard I try no draw. Wrappers fell off as soon as they were taken from the humidor as well."
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,Nice cigar for the price,CI doubled the amount of cigars for $5 making this a super great deal. Even without the deal I will purchase more. One of the best Vegas cigars produced!
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,5 Vegas Big Five,Nice construction and full/medium bodied flavor. I like these fire plugs.
5 Vegas Big Five,2 out of 5,vegas 5 big 5,"slightly disappointed w/ this stick. first im a huge fan of the vegas 5 brand. so when i purchased these i had high expectations. let them sit in humidor for 2 weeks,and first smoke seem really dry. let them sit 1 month. and not so dry but now didnt like the flavor. oh well . probally wouldnt buy these again."
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,"Went through 10, please sir, can I have some more.","I have been a fan of the 5 Vegas line for many years, but it seemed like they were basically getting set in their ways. I will have to say first off that I am normally not a fan of the large ring gauges, however this one was a little different. The construction was very good, no issues with the wrappers, binders, or filler at all. I even cut one way to close to the cap after having a drink or two and had no issues smoking it. The flavors as very good. It is a bold earthy flavor, with notes of cedar, and a black pepper on the finish. Excellent smoke output and burn, which surprised me because I normally do not have luck with the larger ring gauges. I will definitely be purchasing these sticks again."
5 Vegas Big Five,4 out of 5,5 Vegas comes through again,"Flavorful, well constructed cigar as you would expect from makers of Classic, Series A and High Primings. Get them now with the excellent intro offer."
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,Awesome Smoke,These were so good I ordered more.
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,4 out of 5,Nice,Smooth easy pull
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,Always room in my humidor for these,"I’ve smoked a box of these over the past year and they are fantastic. Every single one... Great construction, burn, with ample smoke output. The flavor profile of spices, pepper, nuts, and cocoa is sublime. A really great balance. I absolutely love the reddish hue of the corojo wrapper. You cannot go wrong with these for the price."
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,4 out of 5,5 Vegas Cask-Strength,Excigarcellent smooth
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,Very good,"These are very good, full flavored cigars."
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,Consistent quality,"For years I’ve smoked these and have yet not had a single badly-rolled example. Full, smooth flavor, even burn."
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,Digger,OUTSTANDING!
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,4 out of 5,5 Vegas,Good good smoke
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,4 out of 5,cigar review,a good cigar to smoke
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,4 out of 5,"Good cigar, full strength. Will","Good cigar, full strength. Will buy again"
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,Classic,One of my all time favorites.
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,good stuff,good stuff
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,Delicious as always,Can never go wrong with Cinco Vegas
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,Cask,This is definitely my favorite Cigar by 5 Vegas. They have a couple in their arsenal but not usually what I'm looking for. This one hits the spot every time. They came fast and fresh! Thanks guys!
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,4 out of 5,Good Quality,I enjoyed the smoke . No issues. Usual quality from Vegas 5!
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,4 out of 5,Good smoke,"Draws nice, easy smoke!"
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,Great cigar for the price,Great cigar for the price & fast delivery. Good job folks
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,5 vegas,Superb cigar. My favorite.
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,Great cigar!!! Each one better,Great cigar!!! Each one better than the last.
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,4 out of 5,Vegas,Good smoke mild medium bodied. Enjoyed it to its end
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,A Great Deal on a Great Cigar,"These treats are very similar to, but MUCH better than, CAO Flatheads. At a nice low price. They are full bodied and well crafted creating a wonderful experience from your first puff to a nub you will not want to put down."
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,it a really cigar,it a really cigar
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,5 Vegas Cast strength,My favorite cigar.
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,3 out of 5,A solid smoke,"Good, not great, but good smoke. I have purchased on special several times and will do so again. 5 Vegas is a consistently good product."
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,Great cigars,Mild. Great taste.
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,Vegas,Great daily smoke
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,4 out of 5,well made cigar,"I got Joe's deal 10 pack and am sad to see they are almost gone. nice thick wrapper, tightly wrapped requiring a pretty good draw, even burn. as the name implies, the flavor is bold, intensifying toward the nub."
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,Cask review,I have had these before and forgot just how good they are. That was a great price to get 10 if them. Thanks CI.
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,smooth and tasty,smooth and tasty
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,5 Vegas,"Smooth & mellow cigar, one of my favorites."
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,4 out of 5,Nice,Strong but not over the top. Slow burner. Rich flavor and nice nicotine amount. A great speacial accasion stick for people who are used to the kick. Not a beginner stick. No relights. Strong Ash. A little uneven on the burn. The last third was magnificent.
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,4 out of 5,Great everyday Stick,A very tasty cigar especially for the price. Quality smoke.
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,Consistently an all around good cigar.,"The 5 Vega Cask cigar goes a consistently good flavor, well constructed, and always has a good draw. It is also one of the few cigars that have not become bored with smoking. All things considered, you can't go wrong with the 5 Vegas Cask Strength cigar!"
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,Very good cigar at a good price,The cigar smokes and burns well and it has a robust flavor that is not overpowering. I will buy this cigar again.
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,4 out of 5,vegas 5,good construction and draw.Full bodied smoke. Price was better than other smokes . Would buy again
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,5vegas,yummy
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,"Full, rich 5 Vegas","This is one of my favorite cigars. Full, rich flavor, always enjoyable."
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,4 out of 5,Worthy,"Nice change in the 5 Vegas lineup. Very well constructed, rolled tightly enough to last a good hour plus but still draw nicely. Flavor in not timid but fairly rich and meaty but not overly complex. Comparable to many cigars costing much more, I think these will be on my watch list for good buying opportunities."
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,5 Vegas,"These stogies are just what you want after all those ""Honey Do"" jobs around the house. They pair well with a glass of your favorite spirit."
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"Great cigar, well made, burns even, easy draw, stays lit."
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,2 out of 5,Only OK.,"Have smoked other stocks from 5 Vegas, and I've never been impressed , this one doesn't either. I don't think I'll need to try anymore"
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,Thumbs up,"The cigar was a pleasant surprise. I have never been a 5 Vegas fan. Always felt they were good cigars but not great. This one truly surprised me. Very smooth, full flavored and long burning."
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,Love 5 Vegas cask strength cigars,5 Vegas cigars in general are a great smoke. I especially enjoy the 5 Vegas Cask Strength with the 5 Vegas Maimi close behind.
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,4 out of 5,Good strong stick.,"This is another good smoke in the 5 Vegas line, my favorite being the Serie A. its a good slow smoke lasts for at least an hour and has a rich flavor that I love to indulge in. it starts out a little rough for some but levels off as you smoke. the only downside to this was the box press, I am not a big fan of square-ish cigars, but sometimes that's all you can get."
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,4 out of 5,Vega,Rick deep flavor
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,High Quality Cigar,"I have smoke two of these cigars, one right off the truck and another after one week of humidor time and both cigars were fantastic.
The draw was perfect with only a slight amount of resistance, the soft box press feels very comfortable, and the smoke output is phenomenal. The body and strenght are medium - medium/full with deep sweet and spicy flavors. These are an incredible value when they are on sale."
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,4 out of 5,Great cigar all the way,Great cigar all the way up to the band smooth and not too strong even burn I would buy it again
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,nice and strong,great taste great draw very satisfing
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,Absolute Favorite,"I was introduced to 5 Vegas about 20 years ago by a guy that was rolling these cigars at an event at Islamorado, FL. I fell in love with the brand and have bought a great many over the years. But the Cask Strength is a cut above all their other products. A quality smoke at a very affordable price. You can't go wrong!!!"
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,4 out of 5,Vegas at home,I was happy to put one of these on rotation for the evening cigar and found they satisfy. I enjoyed the flavor and the burn rate.
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Great Cigar
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,GREAT CIGARS!!,GREAT CIGARS!!
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,My Reveiws on Vegas Classic Corona Cigar,"The Vegas Classic Corona is a great Cigar for me. It helps me cut down on my Cigar Useage, Very smooth."
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,Go ahead and buy a box.,"My favorite cigar in the Vegas line, and a well rounded smoke and a great value. Really can't go wrong with these, big, layered flavors, nice burn line, good ash hold. Tasty!"
5 Vegas Classic,4 out of 5,"also very good, but not","also very good, but not as consistent as the oliva"
5 Vegas Classic,4 out of 5,customer,Possibly a 91. One of your better stock. Be nice if you had a 60 ring though!
5 Vegas Classic,4 out of 5,Good smokes for a great,Good smokes for a great price
5 Vegas Classic,4 out of 5,Vive la différence!,"A first rate smoke. The only reason I'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5, is because of personal preference (4 and a half would be my actual rating if it were available). It is indeed a medium strength cigar, however, also has a slightly rough edge, especially through the nose. This is not necessarily a unappealing quality. I LIKE it a little ""rough"", but for me the 5 Vegas Classic is a smoke for particular mood. It's first rate, but not always my first choice. No matter--vive la différence!"
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,cigar,da best...
5 Vegas Classic,3 out of 5,Middle of the road ...,"Some are quite good, while others are subpar ... so average as shown!"
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,My besty,These are a great everyday cigar. Always consistent in burn and flavor.
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,excellent!,excellent!
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,Smooth and mild,A good cigar for the money. I normally buy smaller sizes but the 60 ring was just fine.
5 Vegas Classic,4 out of 5,"My daily , affordable pleasure","My daily , affordable pleasure"
5 Vegas Classic,3 out of 5,Inconsistent,Inconsistent
5 Vegas Classic,4 out of 5,Good,Good. No canoeing. Lots of smoke. Smooth draw and good flavor.
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,great smoke,all 5 Vegas cigars I purchased were good... I will keep ordering more....
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,Great Everyday Smoke,"This cigar is just a great cigar, well made, great smoke. Recommend this cigar for any occasion."
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,5 Vegas 5 star torpedo,"My current box did not disappoint. The classic is medium in body and smooth start to finish. I always keep a few in my humidor, great with coffee in the morning. I really enjoy the 5 Vegas torpedo sampler as well. It includes all of my favorites and I can switch it up daily so I don't get bored with one blend. Keep up the great work at C.I. !!"
5 Vegas Classic,4 out of 5,Overall good smoke,Overall good smoke
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,I like the cigar it’s,I like the cigar it’s a good go to for working around the yard and playing a round of golf one draw back it seems to be out of stock alot
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,cigar,the best.
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,"VEGA CLASSIC, OH YES!!","THIS STICK CERTAINLY DESERVING OF ITS (90) CRISP, EXCELLENT AND VERY
SMOOTH SMOKE. WILL CONTINE TO ALWAYS KEEP
A FEW ON THE READY
GOOD JOB. 5.VEGA 💥"
5 Vegas Classic,4 out of 5,Great cigar,Nice aroma
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,cigar,da best....
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,Yes,Great cigar!
5 Vegas Classic,4 out of 5,5 Vegas best size,Smooth yet spicy
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,Nice cigar!,"Great smoke, even burn. Nice daily cigar for the price. I will reorder when on sale."
5 Vegas Classic,3 out of 5,Just OK,Just OK
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,Best value you can find,"These cigars are surprisingly good for the price. Well-made, medium strength, very nice aroma from the Sumatra wrapper. What's not to like?"
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,cigar,very good
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,cigar,v good...
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,5 VEGAS CLASSIC CORONA,"Rich flavor, smooth smoke, and definitely a keeper for our humidor."
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,cigar,a number one.....
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,nice,nice
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,My everyday cigar.,"I smoke 2 to 4 cigars a day and for years now it is extremely hard to find a cigar that matches the quality vs. price of the 5 Vegas brand. I smoke Don Pepins, Romeo's, Padron's, etc. occasionally but the 5 Vegas the most."
5 Vegas Classic,4 out of 5,Big fan of 5 Vegas,Big fan of 5 Vegas classic cigars
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,5 vegas classic churchill,Smooth tasting great burn.
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,One of my favorites. It,One of my favorites. It is my go to cigar.
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,Consistently consistent,I am constantly saying how consistently consistent these smokes are! Best value in a cigar! Medium but very flavorful and satisfying.
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,outstanding,outstanding
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,excellent cigar at any price,excellent cigar at any price
5 Vegas Classic,4 out of 5,"Smooth, a great morning cigar","Smooth, a great morning cigar"
5 Vegas Classic,4 out of 5,I’ve had these before but,I’ve had these before but only after they’re in the humidor for a little while. They get better with age.
5 Vegas Classic,4 out of 5,This is a good Gigar,I tried the 5 Vegas gold when my order came in I was disappointed when I opened the box I had ordered the wrong ring size. Decided to give them a try. I wasn't disappointed anymore. I like the taste of these. I will order the 5 Vegas gold again next time the 50 ring size.
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,5 vegas,always a great cigar
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,nice smoke!!,I'm a fan I have been smoking Vegas line for years now
5 Vegas Classic,4 out of 5,Very Nice,"Nice flavors , but not too harsh. A good cigar for anytime of the day."
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,Perfect flavor,"I usually get my husband the 5 Vegas gold series cigars, but decided to the classic series. He keeps raving about the flavor, and the smell and taste! They must really be great!"
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,Great customer service,Got 10 of the cigars. 5 were damaged. No problem they 2 day shipped me replacements. That’s service!
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,Love These Cigars,"Smooth and mellow. For me, they been crowd pleasers and a great golf course cigar."
5 Vegas Gold,4 out of 5,OK.,OK.
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,This is easily my favorite,This is easily my favorite Vegas
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,Great smoke,If you like Nubs you will love these.
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,5 Vegas never disappoints! Always,5 Vegas never disappoints! Always a good cigar
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,An old friend....,It has been quite awhile since I first fired this stick. The blend and taste is just as I remembered it. The CI profile is spot on. You will not go wrong for the price and quality.
5 Vegas Gold,4 out of 5,5 Vegas,"These cigars are good, with a reasonable price."
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,👍🏻,👍🏻
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,"Very good, top 10 mild/mellow","Very good, top 10 mild/mellow cigar a must for your humidor"
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,5 vegas,"Great deal, on a great cigar"
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,As good as GOLD,Great mellow smoke
5 Vegas Gold,4 out of 5,Good I'll try again,Good I'll try again
5 Vegas Gold,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Enjoy them but not for everyday.
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,Keep In Stock,"Great every day cigar, but always out of stock."
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,5 vegas,These are a bit stronger than I like but I like them.
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,Great price,Great price
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,% Vegas,"Great cigar, very mild and smooth, my choice for an everyday smoke."
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,9 holes of golf cigar,"This slow, even burning cigar lasts for a full 9 holes of golf."
5 Vegas Gold,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Medium cigar but good
5 Vegas Gold,3 out of 5,Mediocre,Not that bad of a cigar
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,5 Vegas Gold Robusto,"I used to 5 Vegas Gold Robusto
when they very first come out and i smoke and very well"
5 Vegas Gold,4 out of 5,Nice taste,Nice taste
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,Better then their price,A better stick then their price is but two sticks where damaged.
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,Mildly smooth with an excellent,Mildly smooth with an excellent draw
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,Great Smoke!,One of my Favorites! A nice mild and mellow smoke while out playing a round of golf
5 Vegas Gold,4 out of 5,This is the only 5 Vegas worth buying,This is a well made good strong tasting stick. I have had all the flavors from the sampler and the gold was the only one worth smoking.
5 Vegas Gold,3 out of 5,ok,its ok
5 Vegas Gold,4 out of 5,nice mellow Cigar,nice mellow cigar even burn pretty good taste
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,Mike,I think its a well made cigar (mild) that won't make your mouth burn half way thru the cigar.
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,perfect starting stick!,Perfect nightcap light cigar before bed. If you are new to cigars this is a great starting stick. ENJOY!
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,Always a good smoke,the 5 Vegas is consistently a smooth cigar with nice ash and a light smoke. Good for any time of the day
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,Nice,Very nice smoke
5 Vegas Gold,3 out of 5,"Not bad, but I'm not a fan",The first third was a good smoke. I didn't enjoy it once it got to the 2/3. It was a little bitter. It did stay lit and it was a nice pull.
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,GREAT CIGAR,great cigar
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,best,best of best how about some deals
5 Vegas Gold,4 out of 5,5 Vegas Gold,5 Vegas Gold
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,Great budget friendly cigar,Just tried one of these tonight. I was impressed. Very tasty and enjoyable; good construction and burn. I’ll keep some of these on hand as a regular go-to smoke. Highly recommended and it won’t break the bank!
5 Vegas Gold,3 out of 5,Not too shabby for a mild.....,"Dry, flaky, had to relight after leaving it for less than 30 seconds. Weird for a 5 Vegas Gold. Great flavor, even burn, draw seemed to take forever at times. Left in humidor at 71 for a month before smoking. Not sure if that had something to do with it? Overall this is a great cigar for the $$. Got these in a sampler so it’s not my every day smoke. I’m a Diamond Crown and A. Fuente smoker but these are great mild cigars!!"
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,My favorite Go To cigar.,"I've been smoking cigars for about 20 years. This is my ""go to"" golf and fishing cigar. Mild, flavorful, smooth draw, consistent burn and never harsh. And I like heavy-bodied maduro cigars also, but this is still my fave! Smoking the 5 Vegas Gold Toro for over 10 years and have never been disappointed. Love 'em! Even my cigarette smoking friends like 'em! Whenever I go on a golf or fishing trip, I make sure to order some before I go. My life would be sad without them. I'm sure there may have been some duds but I've never experienced any. Always good construction and consistent flavor."
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,Great cigar. Firm an,Great cigar. Firm an
5 Vegas Gold,4 out of 5,Smooth,"Smooth, mellow smoke, just like the full size 5 Vegas Gold. My only suggestion would be to put a smaller band on it, as the current band takes up half the cigar."
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,"Taste, burn, ash. All very","Taste, burn, ash. All very good. I like this cigar."
5 Vegas Gold,3 out of 5,"Ok, for the price but better at this price range.","Its a decent mild to medium cigar. Not exciting, no real standout characteristics. A little sour at the start but comes around a bit. Not the best connecticut at this price range. But not terrible either."
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,Awesome cigar.,Awesome cigar.
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,5 vegas gold,I have been buying these for myself and others for years. all of us smoke them on golf course
5 Vegas Gold,4 out of 5,Good cigars,Good cigars
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,Always realiable,These are my go to cigar never a problem with construction or taste.
5 Vegas Gold,4 out of 5,I like them good value,I like them good value
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,"Nice, smooth medium cigar",Husband loves these so I get them! He says they are nice and mellow.
5 Vegas Gold Anniversary,5 out of 5,"Smooth, mild, ideal for relaxing","Smooth, mild, ideal for relaxing from pressures in life."
5 Vegas Gold Anniversary,5 out of 5,perfect for sunday afternoon,"super smooth, perfect draw, even burn, creamy a little bit"
5 Vegas Gold Anniversary,4 out of 5,Great burn and construction,"Smooth even burn. I had one today and enjoyed it. Mostly had notes of hay, pepper and cedar. It tasted slightly young and I believe a few more months in the humidor and those young flavors will disappear."
5 Vegas Limitada 2019,5 out of 5,5 Vegas Limitada 2019 Toro is a great medium bodied cigar,"Excellent construction, medium body, good burn and draw, with a pleasant aroma. It's a great medium bodied cigar that experienced smokers and novices can enjoy. Recommended..!"
5 Vegas Limitada 2019,5 out of 5,Awesome stick!! Will be buying,Awesome stick!! Will be buying more!!
5 Vegas Limitada 2019,5 out of 5,Was really surprised!,"My order arrived very timely considering vovid delays. The cigars were rested for almost 2 weeks and as usual, 5 Vega did not disappoint. Loved h
the flavors, well made cigar."
5 Vegas Limitada 2019,4 out of 5,Good smooth smoke,Good smooth smoke
5 Vegas Limitada 2019,5 out of 5,excellent cigar,"I got these in the "" Coming to America Mega sampler"". A delicious well-constructed , great-burning cigar. As the description says , it's a limited offering ( unfortunately ) , so , get 'em while they're still available !"
5 Vegas Limitada 2020,4 out of 5,5 Vegas unlimited,Good cigar burns very nice!! Last awhile smoked it down to the nub!! Especially good WITH single malt scotch!! And cold beer !!!
5 Vegas Limitada 2020,3 out of 5,first time,cigar was ok too high priced perhaps they could save money on the box.
5 Vegas Limitada 2020,5 out of 5,Another hit from 5 Vegas,"Excellent cigar for the price. Well constructed, easy draw, tons of smoke output with a razor burn. Plus the flavor is all espresso, cocoa, nuts, and some spice. Need to buy a box of these ASAP."
5 Vegas Series A,4 out of 5,"A consistent, enjoyable smoke","A consistently smooth, slow, even burn; flavorful and aromatic. I like to try different brands and blends, but 5 Vegas Series A are my go-to cigars for an enjoyable evening smoke on my porch."
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,Long time favorite,I'm probably shooting myself in the foot here but this cigar has been consistently excellent for several years now. Only 5 plus inches but a nice 45 minute smoke with quality throughout.
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,Can’t be beat for the price.,"Always solid construction, burn, and flavor. I’ve smoked lots of these and everyone has been quality for the price. Each one I can smoke down to the nun without any issues. Occasional touch up, but beyond that they are great everyday. Winner every time."
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,very good cigars,very good cigars
5 Vegas Series A,4 out of 5,The first 5 Vegas I,The first 5 Vegas I have enjoyed
5 Vegas Series A,4 out of 5,Best at half way,I'm not normally a full flavor cigar smoker but I do have a few in my humidors. This cigar I got in a fathers day deal with a free humidor it was strong at first and mellowed out at half way the flavor came through at that time and was great the rest of the way.
5 Vegas Series A,4 out of 5,very good,very good
5 Vegas Series A,3 out of 5,review for single atomic from sampler,"mine burned unevenly. it was a poorly constructed cigar. the gurkha is a way better construction. the flavor was good, however, and after relighting it on the side that needed fire, it burned ok until the end"
5 Vegas Series A,3 out of 5,Have not tried the rest,Have not tried the rest yet.
5 Vegas Series A,3 out of 5,"They are okay, not the","They are okay, not the best"
5 Vegas Series A,4 out of 5,Box pressed 5 Vegas Series A,"I am a huge fan of the Series A. I normally don't purchase box pressed cigars, but the deal was too good to pass up. Have had issues with a couple of the wrappers, but the smoke is still wonderful."
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,One of my favorites,Great burn full of Flavor
5 Vegas Series A,3 out of 5,Thank you CI,Thank you CI
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,Winner,Excellent even burn. Rich In flavor long even ash
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,Love these puppies always!!,ALWAYS enjoy these and to the devil with people who say otherwise!
5 Vegas Series A,4 out of 5,Nice,Good Cigar
5 Vegas Series A,4 out of 5,Nice smoke,"Good cigar ,nice burn and dam flavorful."
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,Great value,Boxed pressed & consistent structure get these on sale and you have my attention again
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,5 Vegas series A,"The 5 Vegas Series A apotheosis has been a go to smoke in my humi for a number of years. Consistently rich, well constructed and easy on the wallet. Can’t remember having one dog in my 100’s of tries."
5 Vegas Series A,3 out of 5,Good stick ample smoke flavor,Good stick ample smoke flavor is well defined. The burn could be better. Give plenty of time to acclimate after shipping
5 Vegas Series A,4 out of 5,"Mild smoke , good draw.","Mild smoke , good draw. Good every day smoke."
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,5 Vegas Series A,If you enjoy a Maduro this is a great deal. I prefer somethin a little less full bodied. But overall a really great smoke.
5 Vegas Series A,4 out of 5,good cigar,good cigar
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,"Smooth, even burn","Smooth, even burn"
5 Vegas Series A,4 out of 5,Great Bomb,"I’d give it 5 stars but it was too short, didn’t want it to get to the end.
Starts spicy, mellows to a chocolate but still gaining strength... culminated to a great finish of cinnamon and black licorice. Loved it🤘🏼"
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,Five star,One of my favorites. Great flavor and nice long burn.
5 Vegas Series A,4 out of 5,Great series,These are great! Nice and smooth.
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,A rich tasting cigar,"I love these cigars. Medium strength evolving into a full rich tasting cigar. I love these cigars! Along with a rich tobacco taste, the aromatic smoke is lovely as well. Always burns even for me!"
5 Vegas Series A,4 out of 5,Nice treat,"This is a nice upgraded over the every day smoke, always look forward to it."
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,My go to,"Dont think about it and just buy ,,guaranty you won't be disappointed"
5 Vegas Series A,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,"Do yourself a favor, grab a few packs!!!!","Finally got around to smoking one of these that’s been hiding in the bottom of my humidor for around 6 years. Draw is tight but still perfectly smokable. Amazing notes of cocoa, nice tight burn lines, hint of leather on the tongue. Plumes of delicious smoke. Wrapper black as night on the ocean. Definitely ordering more of these....except they will certainly get smoked before waiting years!!!!"
5 Vegas Series A,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Old favorites
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,"6 x 58 whopper, Want to sit and relax for 1 & 1/2 to 2 hours, this is a great deal. very solid construction, great flavor, only negative is the draw is a bit stiff. Price was right on MMAO. Thanks"
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,good cigar,"Great smoke, even burn and great taste,"
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,"5 Vegas, 5 Stars...","5 Vegas, 5 Stars. This is an inexpensive, Medium-bodied smoke with characters you would expect in a more expensive cigar. Shows what being around for a long time get's you... I'm seeing this stick in many of the samplers featured here at CI. Says something about this cigars popularity! CI is great for their samplers, and I buy them more than single boxes of smokes. Gives you a chance to try so many different ones, usually at a great price. Try them with no guilt and save yourself a few bucks along the way..."
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,Like all 5 VEGAS A,"Like all 5 VEGAS A cigars , THEY ARE GREAT!"
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,Pleasant sticks great value,"I've had a few different 5 Vegas coasters in the past. These quickly went on my ""go to"" list for a value cigar with high quality. Each stick burned evenly all the way through. Flavor was smooth and wasn't too peppery (I do like bold cigars). I'll be getting them again soon."
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,Favorite Maduro !,"Hadn't smoked one in a while,but jumped at a fantastic price on the daily deal.Quickly remembered why there were some fond memories.A top notch maduro with just the right touch of sweetness.Perfect draw and consistant medium-full strength all the way.Cedar wrap added to the appearance and added to the flavour."
5 Vegas Series A,4 out of 5,5 Vegas Winner,"5Vegas has always been a good, reliable cigar at a great price. Dark, oily wrapper, light tooth and minimal veins. This is definite winner on all levels... Light chocolate notes with a earthy, cedary finish that is sure to please ALL TASTE. You cannot go wrong with this stick! Enjoy each puff. The tight draw is the only set-back for this smoke... Enjoy."
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,Delicious Cigars,"good quality, nice and delicious cigars. thanks."
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,"I love them, but after","I love them, but after I received them, the price when up"
5 Vegas Series A,4 out of 5,Not bad for the price.,Not bad for the price. Great golf cigar.
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,I'm enjoying them,I'm enjoying them
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,Only ones I buy.,My favorite for the price. Only ones better. Punch.
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,5 Vegas A,"Good flavor, tight wrap, very enjoyable cigar. Have shared a few with good reviews from friends, are looking to get some of their own. will definitely purchase again."
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,I like them…,I like them as they represent a good stogie at a good price!
5 Vegas Series A,4 out of 5,Good full bodied smoke,"Good cigar, dark, rich, tasty. Most burned well. A couple needed some tending to burn straight."
5 Vegas Series A,4 out of 5,All the A’s,"Stopped bouncing from cigar to cigar and the A series, all length and rings!"
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,Amazing Cigar,"If you are a fan of 5 Vegas, you have to try this amazing cigar!! Ships fast and always fresh."
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,5 Vegas Tripple A = A+,I received these Tripple A's in a 20 Stick Sampler. They are outstanding! They get very smooth after warming up. These are now on my list of favorite bold Maduros.
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,Always a treat.,I love these. I don’t smoke them often. I try to keep a couple in my humidor
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,Perfect Maduro,"The cigar is so well-made, it has tremendous flavor, yet so smooth, it burns and draws perfectly from the first puff to the last."
5 Vegas Triple-A,3 out of 5,Good smoke,Enjoyed smooth easy on palate
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,5 Vegas Triple A,"I smoke a lot of cigars, many different brands, usually purchase samplers because I like a lot of diversity in my smokes. AAA's are one of the few brands that I actually buy by the box."
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,Very good,"Very good cigar, I do not usually smoke them all the way to the end but these I had no problems with."
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,"Consistent, Tasty, and Reasonably Priced","I have smoked these quite a few years now and have found them to be very consistent. My opinion is that the 5 Vegas AAA is a very flavorful, aromatic, full bodied smoke that reaches the level of much higher priced cigars. If you prefer full bodied cigars, I'm sure you will take to these."
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,nice cigar!,"Very good construction, for a decent price. Had lots of Oak flavors."
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,Flavor stick start to stub,"One of my favorites. Solid tobacco flavor from the first Puff, running throughout the smoke. Good smoke and Ash. I stock up whenever there's opportunity for sale."
5 Vegas Triple-A,4 out of 5,5 Vegas OK,"Limited # sampled
Construction good
Strength it all there!
Even burn"
5 Vegas Triple-A,4 out of 5,Great Flavor,Great Flavor
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,Triple A,"Well made cigar, smooth and flavorful."
5 Vegas Triple-A,4 out of 5,Excellent cigar always around,Excellent cigar always around
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,Vegas 5,Great draw and flavorful
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,A new favorite,One of the best cigars I’ve had. Strongly recommend!
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,5 Vegas Triple A box press,Great deal on them. Real good smoke for sure. Full throttle. Smoked them while at work. Lasts a little more than an hour. I suggest buying a pipe to smoke the whole cigar! Great offer Cigar International!
5 Vegas Triple-A,3 out of 5,Just ok,"I've been smoking the non-box pressed version of this cigar since it's inception and have enjoyed multiple ten-packs and boxes over the years. They have been very consistent. Not sure if the blend is identical with just the box press added. The box-pressed version I won on auction was pretty dry and lifeless. The draw was a bit on the loose side and the burn was just ok. Maybe some more time in the cabinet will help. I'm willing to consider that the issue is one of poor handling prior to me receiving the cigars. That said, I thought I would try these as the price was competitive, but I would not purchase again unless I could be certain they would be in fine condition."
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,Always a great cigar.,Always a great cigar.
5 Vegas Triple-A,3 out of 5,Strong but lacking in complexity of flavor's,"Decently smooth,Nice strong tobacco flavor,but falls short being that it doesn't have any if at all evolution of complexities of flavors as it burns down."
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,Full body flavor with a,Full body flavor with a good draw and even burn - great cigar for the money
5 Vegas Triple-A,4 out of 5,Smoke’m if You Got em’.,I like these after sitting for awhile in the humidor.
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,Delicious,"Simply amazing, nice and smooth!!!"
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,5 Vegas cant beat it,"very good stick for the price... I have enjoyed these for over the past 2 years, and they wont break your budget so sharing them is that much easier too ... lol"
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,Best for the Value Option,"Great value, suprisingly rich and tasty. Good construction."
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,Full body cigar lover,"Great smooth flavor, Adequate even burn and not to strong for even my wife who loves full flavor cigars. This is our second purchase of this cigar our new found friend."
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,5 Vegas AAA,Good flavor all the way to the end
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,Good smke,The AAA from 5 Vegas is a good low to medium priced full flavor cigar. Thick and heavy.
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,"I have always enjoyed five Vegas cigars but this is clearly my favorite varietal of their brand. It has tons of flavor, is very well made, burns very evenly and has a great draw. I will always buy these and enjoy them thoroughly."
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,Good,Good
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,5 Vegas Triple A,Great cigar! Flavorful
5 Vegas Triple-A,4 out of 5,5 Vegas AAA,"They are very good , but like cask strenth better"
5 Vegas Triple-A,1 out of 5,not for me,too hot !
5 Vegas Triple-A,4 out of 5,very good smoke,"A little uneven burn, nice taste and easy draw. Just try to keep it under 70% because over that you'll be relighting too frequently"
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,Great!,Great!
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,Great cigar for the price,Great cigar for the price
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,Beautiful cigar,"I have always been a fan of five Vegas cigars and this one certainly does not disappoint. I’m also a huge fan of box pressed cigars and Madurai’s. The flavor is fantastic, the draw is great and it burns very evenly."
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,Bought for my dad for,Bought for my dad for father's day and took a couple for myself. I'm a novice so not sure my opinion matters. He liked them and so did I.
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,A strong smooth taste,A strong smooth taste
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,AAA,Great smokes!! Love them..
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,Not for those who like mild cigars,"Good taste, average burn. These will will knock you back if you are a novice. Great for the price I paid."
5 Vegas Triple-A,4 out of 5,"Good flavor, even burn, reasonable","Good flavor, even burn, reasonable price"
5 Vegas Triple-A,4 out of 5,Great smoke for price,"The triple A's are very tasty, have lots of notes of oak, espresso and dark chocolate. The tobacco is only 2nd Grade, not high-quality long-fillers you will get for $10+ smokes. But for the price right for a great smoke you can have daily and share with friends."
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,vegas triple aaa,great smoke only get them when on special wish i could make them an everyday item
5 Vegas Triple-A,3 out of 5,Not my favorite,"Overall I have no true complaints about this stick, it just wasn't my favorite. Good enough to smoke the ones that I have, but I probably would not purchase them again. The quality of the cigar was fine, no issues there."
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,5 vegas AAA,1 of my top 5 for intensity and richness. Bold yet not abrasive. Pairs well with a strong IPA. Just my style.
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,Helluva cigar.,Helluva cigar.
5 Vegas Triple-A,4 out of 5,Quality Cigar,This 5 Vegas is powerful. I liked the middle third best as the flavors revealed themselves. finish is strong. Hope you like it.
5 Vegas Triple-A,4 out of 5,great smoke,i really l9iked the draw. it also had a nice full taste to it
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,"Series 'A', All the Way","Picked up several 5-packs of this series, various flavors. All excellent. One of my favorites. Showed up fresh. My only complaint is I can't figure out the code for which tip band goes with which version. Is there a key?"
601 Blue Label Maduro,5 out of 5,601 blue maduro prominente,"great cigar. easy draw. great flavors, and full body. all and all a great smoke. I would order them again."
601 Blue Label Maduro,5 out of 5,Razor Burn,Bought a box and let em rest in my humi for a month. I have smoked five so far and have been impressed. The burn is slow and razor sharp with espresso and almonds. First third to me was on the medium side ramping up to medium-full about the half way point. All in all a very pleasant cigar that I would definitely recommend.
601 Blue Label Maduro,5 out of 5,two thumbs up,"One of my favorite cigars, also like the green 601 too!"
601 Blue Label Maduro,5 out of 5,Very good stick,"Extremely good smoke
Very heavy but not harsh
Best to smoke slow
Very rewarding
Burns slow and clean"
601 Blue Label Maduro,5 out of 5,No better value for taste,Wonderful Madura in truest sense.
601 Blue Label Maduro,3 out of 5,Fair choice,Good cigar
601 Blue Label Maduro,5 out of 5,Good smoke,"One if my favorite cigars as of now. There are better cigars out there of coarse, but for the price this is very good every day smoke for those who like nice full body cigar. Its definitely one to try and keep a few in your arsenal.."
601 Blue Label Maduro,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
601 Blue Label Maduro,5 out of 5,Sold on 601,"Very solid blend. Great, rich flavors, even burn, perfect draw, no complaints. I’d love to keep at least a five pack on hand at all times. Got this in the sampler."
601 Blue Label Maduro,5 out of 5,Simply Excellent,Like most people I always have a nice variety of cigars in my humidor and I asure that I never let this one run low!
601 Blue Label Maduro,5 out of 5,601 blue,great cigars!!
601 Blue Label Maduro,4 out of 5,Worth the money,Nice smooth smoke. All around great cigar.
601 Blue Label Maduro,5 out of 5,Hard to beat,Delicious smooth strong smoke. Great draw and Burns well. Construction could be a bit better. But flavors are all you could want from a Maduro.
601 Blue Label Maduro,3 out of 5,601 maduro,Solid smoke strong from beginning to end..
601 Blue Label Maduro,5 out of 5,Very pleasant accident.,Stumbled on these a while back while bidding on anything I could find. Quickly became one of my favorites. Well built and tasty.
601 Blue Label Maduro,5 out of 5,601 Blue Box pressed maduro,Excellent....burned well great taste... very enjoyable.... now I need to try the Oscuro
601 Blue Label Maduro,5 out of 5,Awesome,This is an awesome cigar. My favorite affordable smoke..
601 Blue Label Maduro,5 out of 5,Perfect in every way,"Perfect Smoke.
Nothing else to even say!!!"
601 Blue Label Maduro,5 out of 5,One of the BEST!,"Had these Babies aging over the years and had one every now and then.
They are super top notch. I wonder if the older ones I have are close to those made today?
I sure hope they are. If so, they cannot be Beat!"
601 Blue Label Maduro,4 out of 5,Well Done,"A very smooth Maduro, no harshness whatsoever. Beautiful wrapper with a perfect box press. Not quite as much flavor as some of my favorite maduros, however the flavor is pleasant and smooth, again with no harshness. Chocolatey indeed and well worth the price. I don't keep many in my regular rotation, but this one earns a spot for sure."
601 Blue Label Maduro,5 out of 5,Great,"Great burn, and tons of flavor. In my top 5 ever."
601 Blue Label Maduro,5 out of 5,601 Blue Label box pressed maduro robusto,"This is one of my top 5 favorites.
Every time I have one, I wonder why I still bother to buy other samplers."
601 Blue Label Maduro,5 out of 5,Wow!,Wow! What an amazing smoke. This 601 Blue is top of the line. Will definitely be getting some more.
601 Blue Label Maduro,4 out of 5,"Not bad, not bad at all.","I tried the 601 Blue Box-Pressed Maduro Robusto on a recommendation.
It's a good stick though I am not sure I would buy them again. They lack in flavor from what I am used to smoking -- the Don Pepin Blue."
601 Blue Label Maduro,5 out of 5,One of my favorite sticks,Beautifully constructed and full flavored box pressed maduro. Wonderful spice with notes of creaminess and earth. Highly recommend for smokers who love a quality smoke. Smoke em if you got em...enjoy
601 Blue Label Maduro,5 out of 5,Hershey's!,"Delicious cigar! Can you spell; choc-o-laty""?"
601 Green Oscuro,5 out of 5,Awesome smoke,Awesome smoke
601 Green Oscuro,5 out of 5,"Excellent cigar, rich with flavor","Excellent cigar, rich with flavor and long burning."
601 Green Oscuro,5 out of 5,EXCELLENT CIGAR,Simply a great cigar. Lots of smoke comes from this little gem. Try it with a morning cup of coffee and I am sure you will be pleased. Shot right to my top list of cigars.
601 Green Oscuro,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar. You can't go wrong with this one or the Blue.
601 Green Oscuro,3 out of 5,A well constructed cigar. Feels,A well constructed cigar. Feels great in your hand. Initial pre-cut pepper from the wrapper. As the cigar develops you get some nice balanced flavors of earth and leather and sweetness. It's a full but not overpowering cigar.
601 Green Oscuro,4 out of 5,Might be perfection,"I am hoping these will mellow in my humidor. These are great but a little too strong of flavor for me. Nothing negative to report, love this cigar."
601 Green Oscuro,5 out of 5,Love um,One of the best for the money out there!
601 Green Oscuro,4 out of 5,Great Cigar!,"Had another one last night... Strength, body, earthy espresso... Excellent paired with a good bourbon!"
601 Green Oscuro,4 out of 5,Really nice smoke,Good draw good burn and nice smoke output with nice flavor
601 Green Oscuro,5 out of 5,Try it,Was looking at these for a few weeks and finally gave in and tried them. Nice and smooth with a great flavor
601 Green Oscuro,5 out of 5,Good,This is a great cigar and especially at the price I got them for. Would buy again and I have actually been looking to try some of the other ones within this line. Good medium to full blend that is just the right smoke for a quick break away from the computer or to just sit and enjoy the sun set. Whatever the occasion is this cigar won’t disappoint. Keep them lit everyone.
601 Green Oscuro,5 out of 5,great cigar!,"This is one of the best cigars I think for under $10. Nice Construction with a very firm white ash. A blast of spice up front, that Mellows out into a smooth tasting cigar. Had hints of coffee, spice, salt and faint hints of chocolate"
601 Green Oscuro,5 out of 5,"Yes, so much yes","From the sampler. From the first draw, fantastic flavors. Very impressed with this coffee and dessert stick."
601 Green Oscuro,5 out of 5,It doesn't get much better,"The Espinosa 601 Green Label is probably one of my favorite sticks. It's strong, but very smooth, so be careful. It does bite back !"
601 Green Oscuro,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,This most definitely a quality cigar mild to full body with plenty of complex qualities in flavor.
601 Green Oscuro,4 out of 5,Very Enjoyable,"I really enjoyed this cigar. After a couple of months of humidor time it turned out to be very mellow, but full of flavor."
601 Green Oscuro,5 out of 5,Still good!!,"I remember when these came out and were considered a powerhouse smoke. Maybe my palate has continued to develop, but--though still a tasty and well-made cigar--they don't seem to have as much ""oomph"" as I recall."
601 Green Oscuro,5 out of 5,Sweet & Spice...that's nice,"Solid construction, good draw, and has flavors of white pepper and chocolate. Medium in body with a touch of full results in a consistent cigar anytime of the day."
601 Green Oscuro,5 out of 5,Amazing Smoke!!!,This is an absolutely wonderful stick!!! Great draw and construction with tons of flavor. I just ordered another ten yesterday. One of my new go to smokes.
601 Green Oscuro,5 out of 5,Enjoyed!,First time I tried an Oscuro! I liked that they smoked evenly and not to strong! Good deal from CI!
601 Green Oscuro,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigars in excellent condition
601 Green Oscuro,5 out of 5,Awesome,My favorite smoke. I will always have these in my humidor.
601 Green Oscuro,5 out of 5,601,Awesome smoke! Good even burn throughout. Easy draw with a ton of flavor. Was gunna let em sit in the humidor for a while but couldn't wait to finish them off. Have another 5 pack on its way now .
601 Green Oscuro,5 out of 5,601 green,Great cigar
601 Green Oscuro,5 out of 5,Love me some 601's,"I've been smoking cigars for about 40 years, but the last 4 or 5 have been about discovering and appreciating the full bodied kind. I stumbled onto the 601 blend by accident, but it has now become my favorite, with the Green being my absolute favorite. My first experience with Mr. Green gave me the spins (like I had the first time I inhaled a Lucky). After that, I smoked the rest with patience and respect, and have to say now that the 601 Green is my # 1 stick. I think all of the 601's are worth trying, if you haven't tried them before. The blue, red, silver, and La Bomba are all excellent blends, and one of those might fit your taste better than the Green."
601 Green Oscuro,5 out of 5,601 Green Oscuro Tronco,Excellent full flavor smoke with smooth finish!
601 Green Oscuro,5 out of 5,Perfect in every way,"Unreal Perfect Smoke!!
YES, AGE THEM!!
Holy Cow!!"
601 Green Oscuro,5 out of 5,Aged is Awesome!!,"I have had a Box of these in a Humidor for years. About once a year I'll pull one out and Smoke it!
The taste and other Components are just Perfect!
I can't say if those 10 years ago are like today's but, the ones I have will melt in your Mouth.
Thank you!"
601 Green Oscuro,4 out of 5,Nice stick for rotation,"Got this one originally on my monthly order (what a great deal for expanding horizons) and I really liked it. Ordered another batch and confirmed this as a solid smoke that leaves nothing on the table. Consistent construction, full flavor from stem to stern with enough complexity to keep you interested. Would never be ashamed to offer one to a friend or my boss."
601 La Bomba,4 out of 5,"Good,strong cigar","601 Serie LaBomba Flash Bang,these are tasty cigars when properly aged.Most are tasty,slow burning,and fragrant.A few are ""green""and harsh and barely enjoyable.Make sure to let them rest a while and you'll be rewarded for your patience.Thanks.C.I.For great service."
601 La Bomba,4 out of 5,Very nice cigar,Very nice cigar
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,Flavor Bomba,"Like the entire line of 601 La Bomba, this size keeps the savory, earthy and spice notes coming along with some cocoa and coffee."
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,Smoking,Great cigar!
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,"Great everyday cigar, taste great,","Great everyday cigar, taste great, burn even, I can chew on them half the day while pouring concrete!"
601 La Bomba,4 out of 5,Napalm,"Great cigar, first one was split and exploded when lit, second one unraveled immediately after lighting, the rest will wait in the humidor for a while."
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,It's the bomb,I really enjoy the bold taste and have been buying the past few years
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,Great cigars,"One of my favorite smokes. The 7 gage by 7"" is a bit uncomfortable for me, but 6 by 6 is wonderful. Great if you like ligero."
601 La Bomba,4 out of 5,601,Good flavor but strong core.
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,GREAT PICK,"I really enjoyed this smoke ,Great Pick for the buck !"
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,Suprising,"Pack with a earthy/robust aroma, tightly wrap. Maintain its flavor throughout the smoke. Above average draw....I like it a lot"
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,Really Enjoyed them,Nice 60 R no bite... good even burn...will definitely order more
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,Excellent,"Great tasting medium to full taste, but full of ligero."
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,Not as strong as advertised,Not as strong as advertised but a really good flavor. Best 601 I've had yet
601 La Bomba,4 out of 5,Flash bang,"Repeat buys. Good mechanics, consistency, good draw. Nice bite not too strong, short and to the point. Almost an every dayer."
601 La Bomba,4 out of 5,Puff puff,Solid full body cigar- didn’t share with anyone 😃😆 nice with single malt burben
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,Great Smokes,a really well constructed tasty smoke that won't disappoint and at great price as well.
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,From the first draw to the last what a good Smoke. Powerful but smooth. I’m glad I tried them. I will buy more.
601 La Bomba,4 out of 5,excellent!,"great flavor, wonderful construction, a little to leathery near the finish but otherwise a fantastic full bodied smoke!"
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,Surprised,Smooth and mellow with intriguing toasted flavor
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,Good strong smoke!,"If you like powerful cigars, you’ll love these. Great with a single malt scotch."
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Strong yet smooth lots of flavor
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,Lalalalalalala bomba,"Great cigar. It's a strong one, but has a nice balance of flavors."
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,Pull the trigger,You can't beat this cigar for the price. Everyone I've given this cigar to has loved it. Great taste; low price. Win win!
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,Becoming a favorite,"Make me an offer was very very good to me for this great smoke.
Thanks so much !!!!"
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,Love the service,Love the service
601 La Bomba,4 out of 5,Excellent,Strong and i like strong but smooth as well. My favorite cigar for now. Perfect with a cup of coffee
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,FLASH!ANG! WOW!!!!!,"This La Bomba Beauty packs a punch!!!!! Delicious throughout and as full bodied as Jayne Mansfield. I just ordered 2 more boxes, can't wait for them to arrive. Absolutely one of my all time favorites. Well done 601!"
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,FLASH BANG BABY!!!!,"Great, strong flavorful tobacco at a great price. I'll always have these as a staple in my humidor, I'd recommend this to anyone who wants a good full body smoke Good stick, not for the person who does not appreciate a full bodied cigar. Definitely a palate wrecker in a great way!!!!!"
601 La Bomba,3 out of 5,They are a good Humidor filler,The are an ok stick; I was expecting more
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,601 Series,"This is a great smoke reminds me very much of a shorty diesel, great value and great flavor"
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,Flash Bang!!!,Great cigar!
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great vital at a great price
601 La Bomba,4 out of 5,It's an OK cigar.,I was expecting to be put through the roof with the disclaimer included in the box as an extremely strong cigar. I found it to be a decent smoke but not one I would call extreme. It's a good smoke
601 La Bomba,3 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
601 La Bomba,3 out of 5,Underimpressed,They were ok but I was not blown away like I expected.
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,padron 2000 maduro,excellent
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,A tasty morsel...,"A surprisingly smooth full-bodied smoke. Easy burn. Low maintenance in that when the stick was lit, it remained lit. Once my mouth and taste buds begin smiling, my face was not far behind.Enjoyable experience."
601 La Bomba,4 out of 5,Good Smoke,Nice smoke. Flavorful without being overbearing. Keep it in your rotation. Recommended buy.
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,Real BANG for your buck!!!!,One of my new favorite smokes. Full bodied with good peppery flavor.
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,Best smoke,I recommend this to anyone who wants a good full body smoke
601 La Bomba,4 out of 5,Strong cigar,"Good stick, not for the person who does not appreciate a full bodied cigar. Definitely a palate wrecker."
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,La Bomba Atom,"Great, strong flavorful tobacco at a great price. I'll always have these as a staple in my humidor"
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,As good as it gets!,"I was born in Havana, had the pleasure of smoking Cuban cigars at a very early age. This is as close as it get to home. Espinosa has made a direct replica of our cigars! Great smoke, strong and aromatic as it should be."
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,Spectacular ending!,For me... It was a Great Experience... with a Sweet and Powerful ending! I recommend it 100%
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,Great-One!,Excellent burn & smoke! Great sweet power-punch ending! 100% Recommended.
601 La Bomba,3 out of 5,"Not a bad smoke, it needs a bit more flavor",Powerful but not too much aroma.
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,"Amazing bold, spicey cigar that mellows as you smoke it","Respect this cigar; it will throat punch you if you don't! It's an amazing Habana wrapper cigar. Very bold and flavorful. It produces a lot of textured smoke from the moment you lite it. First puffs out the nostrils burn amazingly, it melows as you smoke it and an ash forms. After ashing it returns to being in your face bold. Nice solid ash. If you understand this, ""This cigar is to your nostrils and taste buds what good spicey Mexican food is to your uran..."" you'll this cigar. This is now my favorite Habana cigar."
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,Awesome cigars,"Excellent taste, great body and aromatic evolution, perfect burning. Very happy about this discovery, especially at CI's ""Make me an offer"" amazing price."
601 Red Habano,4 out of 5,"Solid, smooth smoke","From the start, a clean even burn to the end. No issues there. Easy on the draw and all around tasty medium cigar. This gave me the opportunity to purchase a Xikar x2 cutter from a local shop, and stray away from the punch cutter I know and love. I have 3 left and will try to let one of two of them age, and enjoy the other real soon."
601 Red Habano,5 out of 5,Great Value!!!,Pleasant surprise. #14 cigar of 2017 and we’ll deserved. A bargain price make this one of the best values out there. Aged mine 2 years and it was terrific.
601 Red Habano,5 out of 5,Great everyday smoke,Great everyday smoke
601 Red Habano,5 out of 5,601,Fantastic smoke I recommend it burns even smoke doesn’t linger while sitting before your next puff doesn’t get hot at the end will but again
601 Red Habano,4 out of 5,601,"These are a very smooth smoke with an even draw and burn rate, Really enjoyed the flavor. Great daily smoke as well"
601 Red Habano,5 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth
601 Red Habano,5 out of 5,5 star good price,Love them 601 red and green
601 Red Habano,5 out of 5,Great line!,Another winner from a growing line of winners
601 Red Habano,4 out of 5,"Long lasting, even burning. Decent","Long lasting, even burning. Decent everyday cigar."
601 Red Habano,1 out of 5,Burned too hot,Got a full box and all of them burned too hot. Never really got to appreciate them. Would not buy again
601 Red Habano,5 out of 5,Enjoyable smoking cigar,Enjoyable smoking cigar
601 Red Habano,5 out of 5,601 Red Habano Toro,Well constructed medium bodied toro. Excellent draw with a somewhat fruity aroma. Will buy again.
601 Red Habano,4 out of 5,601 red,"Good Habano wrapper. Wood and white pepper and yes, tea aftertaste. Not a flavor bomb but satisfying smoke."
601 Red Habano,4 out of 5,Happy,Happy
601 Red Habano,5 out of 5,Wonderful,These are amazing cigars!!!
601 Red Habano,2 out of 5,Cigar disaster,Once you cut the cigar the wrapper exploded so I didn’t get to enjoy it. So I cut the next one and did the same thing. I just thru the rest away.
601 Snakebite,5 out of 5,"Awesome cigar,very smooth and rich.","Awesome cigar,very smooth and rich. Well constructed with a even burn"
601 Snakebite,5 out of 5,Like!,"Smooth, even burn, stays lit, good flavor. A really good EDC!"
601 Snakebite,5 out of 5,Fantastic!,"Medium body, full flavor gem from Espinosa. Would buy a box in a heartbeat!"
601 Snakebite,4 out of 5,Great everyday cigar.,Great everyday cigar.
601 Snakebite,4 out of 5,Good Medium to full body cigar,"Very pleased these were on sale recently. I had purchased them previously and remembered they were a good cigar. And I was not disappointed. With this batch either. It burns evenly, and the Churchhill especially Burns for a long time."
601 Snakebite,5 out of 5,Good cigar,"Really enjoyable robust cigar. Good full flavor. Ring gauge is slightly narrow for my taste, but can't complain about the cigar."
601 Snakebite,5 out of 5,Great Cig,Very nice smooth medium smoke good woody flavor..
601 Snakebite,5 out of 5,My personal favorite.,This has emerged as my go-to of the Espinosas. This is truly one of my favorite cigars and l purchase it often. The fact that it’s reasonably priced is just an extra perk. Awesome cigar.
601 Snakebite,5 out of 5,Very good stick,"Very good
Would buy
I usually buy 601 blue. But got this in my club selection
Just a little different taste than the blue
Very nice tobacco flavor and nice even smoke
Another winner from Espinosa"
601 Snakebite,5 out of 5,Very nice cigar.long lasting and,Very nice cigar.long lasting and good even burn with very little harshness
601 Snakebite,4 out of 5,Enjoyed this one,"Nice size and feel. I tend to up the humidity of my smokes a bit, and this one was outstanding after a couple of days in my humidor."
601 Snakebite,5 out of 5,Top notch stick,"Well balanced stick, great taste and draw, burned evenly from start to finish. You won’t be disappointed!"
601 Snakebite,5 out of 5,Another great 601,"I'm a big fan of Erik espinosa's blends. I've tried just about all of the 601 line. The 601 white conneticut is bar none my favorite cigar. The snakebite is very complex in flavor. It has a good amount of spice and body, and some citrus as well. It is medium-full in strength but not overpowering. Mr espinosa's blends are always perfectly balanced regardless of strength and that's what sets his blends apart from other manufacturers. Try any of the 601 blends and you will see what I'm talking about, highly recommend!"
601 Snakebite,4 out of 5,VERY GOOD CIGAR!,I have never been a huge fan of Sumatra wrapper cigars. However the 601 Snakebite Churchill I smoked directly out of the cello offered something different. The flavor was crisp and spicy and unique. It is near full flavored with a great draw. Simply put it's a very good cigar.
601 Snakebite,5 out of 5,Daryl S.,The new snakebite lives up to its description. The buttery spice and dark espresso taste great in the Churchill size. I like the construction.
601 Snakebite,4 out of 5,I enjoyed it 😎,I enjoyed it 😎
601 Snakebite,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Slightly milder than the 601 Habano Green Label. Great flavor and construction plus a good price point.
601 Snakebite,5 out of 5,Snakebites,Delicious!
601 White Connecticut,5 out of 5,Nice smoke,Nice smoke
601 White Connecticut,5 out of 5,A great conneticut,"Bar none my favorite cigar. A perfect balance of body and spice, very smooth. Burn and construction are spot on, give them a try."
A. Flores Serie Privada,4 out of 5,Good cigar & nice draw,Good cigar & nice draw - another week in the humidor should do it !
A. Flores Serie Privada,5 out of 5,Very fine cigar for end,"Very fine cigar for end of day. Floral notes, spice, cocoa earth and leather all combined in this very complex smoke. Gets better with age in the box."
A. Flores Serie Privada,5 out of 5,Amazingly excellent smoke!!!!!,WOW just had my first one. Excellent smoke!!! A little lighter smoke than my A.B Prensado that I'm accustom to which is not bad. So far neck and neck race for my favorite.
A. Flores Serie Privada,3 out of 5,Medium? Not quite.,A little milder than I'm used to. Good quality roll and suitable for a cigar smoker who wants a light flavored cigar.
A. Flores Serie Privada,5 out of 5,mellow fellow Sinatra,Wonderful experience every pull !
A. Flores Serie Privada,5 out of 5,SP54 MADURO,"NICE CHEWY MADURO. GOOD BURN. AMPLE SMOKE.DRAW MAYBE JUST A TOUCH ON SNUG SIDE,BUT STILL CLOSE TO PERFECT.SLIGHT PEPPER WITH SOME SWEETNESS."
ACID 20 by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,Good,Good
ACID 20 by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,ACID 20,EXCELLENT CIGAR! ONE OF THE BEST CIGARS I HAVE SMOKED! ABSOLUTELY LOVE THEM!!!
ACID 20 by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Acid 20 sweet,"Great price for these cigars. The acid is my favorite thus far. It's a great tasting cigar, just enough sweetness but not overbearing and the aroma is great."
ACID 20 by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Outstanding!,Been an acid fan for many years. These are a favorite!
ACID 20 by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Great smoke,My current favorite. Highly recommend
ACID 20 by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Acid 20,Very sweet cigar and a very refined smoke.
ACID 20 by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Niceeeee,Really good smoke! Smooth draw and nice flavor from the beginning to the end. Great value when buying too.
ACID 20 by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Great flavor!,So Satisfying. I absolutely loved this cigar.
ACID 20 by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,good flavor,good flavor
ACID 20 by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Acid 20,Outstanding in Every Way!
ACID 20 by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,One of the bests,One of my favorites... I’ll keep them in hand!
ACID 20 by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Top 5 cigar in my book!,"Top 5 cigar in my book. The sweet that ACID is known for, along with some great flavors throughout the entire stick. I think making the stick a boxed pressed was a great call as well, just a great overall smile with a smooth, even burn. I would highly recommend the 20 for anyone looking for a great all-around cigar!"
ACID 20 by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Excellent,By far one of my favorites. Great taste good burn definitely would recommend.
ACID 20 by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Delicious,"Received one as a gift, having it now. Delicious. Just had to come here, probably going to order some."
ACID 20 by Drew Estate,3 out of 5,Total let down.,"I have to say i was very excited when these were released and i jumped right on a box. Total let down for me, very harsh on the flavor bitter toward the middle. I havent been able to finish one yet."
ACID 20 by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Hit the mark for me,By far my favorite acid that I have had. Has a lot of good flavor notes that a traditional cigar would have but with a sweetness that acid is known for.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,consistent flavor and clean burn,consistent flavor and clean burn
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Great,Great
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,great flavor cigar. Small but,great flavor cigar. Small but a great smoke.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,kubas,Love my kubas
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Great tasting cigars,Perfect balance of flavor
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,I really like the taste,I really like the taste of the cigar and how it smoke
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Ver happy,"Always a great smoke, quick delivery"
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,You asked!,They’re great cigars what else can I say!!
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Not found a Drew l,Not found a Drew l didn't like.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,"C. McFarland, Deep Dish by Drew Estate","Very mild and mellow smoke, with just the perfect blend of flavor."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,"Nice flavor,great burn. Received in","Nice flavor,great burn. Received in timely manner."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"Great cigar, but slow to ship."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,love them great smoke,my favorite cigar
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Deep Dish,"Good smoke, good draw and nice ash."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Sweet and smooth,Great summertime cigar for at the beach or for sitting in the back yard on a hot day.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,My favorite cigar,"It's always been my favorite cigar. They are flavored but not to the point where you feel like you're chewing on a candy. Licking your lips give you a little sweetness but the cigar itself still lets you know you're smoking a cigar with a slight bite. I would like to try the larger version at some point, sometimes I feel that I would like to keep smoking in the company of others, but my cigar is done. Mostly my fault for not ordering them. Drew estate's has always been great and acid just makes them better, can't wait to try their other varieties. As for now my humidor is filled with blondies."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Excellent,Great cigar smooth sweet will be returning to buy more
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Acid,great cigars
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar.,Excellent cigar.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,most enjoyable smoke. A very,most enjoyable smoke. A very flavor filled smoke that is pleasant to enjoy in all settings.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,Kuba Kuba is the best of the ACID line,"I like all of the Drew Estates offerings, but the ACID Kuba Kuba is by far my favorite. The blend of flavors is delightful. Any time I'm feeling generous enough to share my stash of Kuba Kubas with friends, they are blown away. Highly recommend!"
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Awesome,"I love the Kuba's, and at this price I can afford them. Thanks"
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Old reliable,Old reliable
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Favorite,My new favorite go to cigar. Delicious anytime
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Love this Cigar,Love this Cigar
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,These are my favorite,These are my favorite
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,Nothing better than an after dinner ACID and a nice bourbon on the rocks. HEAVEN!!!
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Favorite,Great cigars. Just what I was looking for
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Drew estates,Excellent cigar. Always a crowd favorite
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Hi,"These cigars are great, taste is really good and even draw."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,very satisfied,Ben smoking Acid cigars for a while. I enjoy them. The cigars in this shipment were excellent . Shipping was quick and the price was reasonable. Will be back. Thank you.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,A Favorite,"Smooth, nice burning cigar with a pleasant flavor. Best Acid hands down. 10"
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Best Infused,Hands down the best infused cigar - consistent throughout cigar and with every stick .
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Smooth and Mild,Smooth and Mild
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Favorite cigar!,Just one of the best. Kuba Kuba never fails to satisfy. A sweet lip and smooth flavor.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Great smoke to the nub,Great smoke to the nub
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Kuba Kuba,"One of my favorite cigars. So smooth, never harsh and a nice finish."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Winner!,Been a fan of Kuba for years. Cannot go wrong with this tasty stick!
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,"As I’ve gotten older, I’ve","As I’ve gotten older, I’ve moved away from the maduros to these mild sweet infused cigars from Drew Estate. Not my outside “working” cigar, but my “relaxing” cigar."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,"Good taste, nice ash. Only","Good taste, nice ash. Only they are expensive. I buy them only when they are on sale. I enjoy them a lot"
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,Acid,Good smoke and good flavor. Enjoy with you favorite evening drink.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Acids,Love the taste of these. I like most of the Acid brand cigars.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Excellent quality at a great,Excellent quality at a great price
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Great everyday cigar,Great everyday cigar
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Kubas can’t go wrong,Showed up just in time for golf. Friend loved them as well. Great burn. Smooth cigar.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,These are my go to,These are my go to cigars. Reasonably priced and a good smoke.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Awesome cigar,"Love these cigars, were highly recommended in the reviews."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Very Good.,"These Grande ACID Cigars’s were incredible. I have just begun my Cigar appreciation, and the Acid by Drew Estates are really on-point.
I would recommend them."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,great flavor cigar. Small but,great flavor cigar. Small but a great smoke.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Great tasting cigars,Perfect balance of flavor
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Not found a Drew l,Not found a Drew l didn't like.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,My favorite cigar,"It's always been my favorite cigar. They are flavored but not to the point where you feel like you're chewing on a candy. Licking your lips give you a little sweetness but the cigar itself still lets you know you're smoking a cigar with a slight bite. I would like to try the larger version at some point, sometimes I feel that I would like to keep smoking in the company of others, but my cigar is done. Mostly my fault for not ordering them. Drew estate's has always been great and acid just makes them better, can't wait to try their other varieties. As for now my humidor is filled with blondies."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke with a slight,Excellent smoke with a slight touch of sweetness. Nice mild smoke.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,good sticks,they were fresh.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Favorite Cigar ever...,Favorite Cigar ever...
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Great tasting cigars. Will get,Great tasting cigars. Will get again.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,My ACID Cigars,I love the Acid cigar. They are sweet at the tip and for women that’s always a good thing. Will be ordering more.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Smooth and light very good,Smooth and light very good smoke
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,4 out of 5,"If you like flavored cigars, these are great.","I bought these for some friends who like flavored cigars. They love them. However, not my cup of tea."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Great sticks,Great sticks
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,👍😉,👍😉
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,4 out of 5,Very good,Very good
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Love them,Love them
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Gloria,Smoked Acid Blondie for years love the flavor and size.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,I had forgotten how pleasant they are to smoke.,I'll back for more.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,My favorite cigars by far.,My favorite cigars by far.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,excellent smoke,excellent smoke
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,These Drew Estate cigars are,"These Drew Estate cigars are the best tasting, as far as I'm concerned, that they have on the market. Smooth draw along with long lasting flavor. A really nice treat to the pallet."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Acid Blondie -Red,Great taste. My wife enjoys these when she spends smoke time with me.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,"Quick, sweet, and easy","The petite coronas are perfect for a quick, casual smoke with friends who don't have a lot of cigar smoking experience. I enjoy the slightly sweet flavor and unique aroma of these Acids. This is the ideal Acid to try in my opinion."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,"these are always smooth ,","these are always smooth , great cigar to enjoy with limited time"
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,"Nice, smooth, sweet cigar","Nice, smooth, sweet cigar"
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,4 out of 5,Great and Smooth,Great and smooth smoking.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Fabulous,Great cigar
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Acid Cigars,These are a smooth and sweet way to relax in the hammock. My wife even loves these.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Top 5,One of the smoothest and sweetest cigars I've had. A bit too sweet but it lasted the whole way through. Very clean sweet flavor and smoke.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Thumbs uo,Very tasty!!
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Blondie,It was a great smoke.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Just as I expected. Great,Just as I expected. Great choice and delivery was timely.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,These are a great tasty,"These are a great tasty cigar, it has a nice smooth draw and is a perfect for cocktails.
Id give it five stars. I am still partial to the blue blonds a half star more."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Great mild taste,My favorite
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Just became one of my favorites,A very tasty and smooth cigar five stars.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Acid,"Acid flavored cigars are fantastic, I’ve tried other flavored cigars they had very little to offer and left me with tobacco in my mouth. I just wished I hadn’t a box of the inferior cigars."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,DREW ESTATE BLONDI BELOCOSO,GREAT TASTING CIGA LOVE THEM
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Blonde Belicoso,Awesome cigars - Drew Estates keep up the good work ork
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,One of the best guys,One of the best guys I’ve ever smoked
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,nice smooth taste,great smoke
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Best Ever,Probably the best smoke ever!
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Cigars,Great tasting
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Blondies,"Great little cigar ,perfect for when you want to have a cigar but don't have a lot of time, burns nice ,tastes good,light good smoke."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Cigar purchase,Happy with purchase.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Gary B's thoughts,"Awesome cigar, that just works for any occasion."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Acid,Great cigar
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Blondies,I love these little things. Best cigar to me. I just started smoking cigars and everybody keep telling me I should try this one or that one. I love the Acid Blondies.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,An excellent choice!,"Great smoke! Easy draw, rapper is slightly sweet. Pairs very well with coffee. These are a great value for the money."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Always a great small cigar,Always a great small cigar with great taste!
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Blondie-Acid,"Always a great burn, flavor and price. Nothing better."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Very Nice!,"The Blondie Belicoso is a very nice Acid cigar. Good burn, smoke, taste. Relaxing, even in MI in March!"
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,ACID Opulence 3 by Drew Estate Toro,GREAT SMOOTH SMOKE WITH A LITTLE HINT ON HEAVEN
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Acid Cigar Opulence 3,"This cigar is hands down my favorite infused smoke. It's smooth, sweet and well balanced throughout the cigar and adds a little spice towards the end. Always well rolled with an even burn. I've enjoyed them for years and have never once been disappointed."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Best of DE Acid line.,Currently one of the best cigars in the Acid line offered by Drew Estates. Mild with lots of chewy smoke. Draw is excellent along with overall construction. Always a good tight ash.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Doesn't get any better,"Love this cigar, the taste, and the aroma. The wife loves the aroma too!"
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,4 out of 5,"A veery nice medium, pleasantly","A veery nice medium, pleasantly infused cigar."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,FIVE STARS,My favorite infused cigar ever.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,The Best,My favorite Drew Estate cigar. The taste and aroma are outstanding.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,If you like mild sweet cigars then give one a try.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Another winner!,"Excellent structure, flavor, burn and feel. Another very nice smoke from Drew Estate."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,3 out of 5,"Love Drew Estates, prefer Acid","Love Drew Estates, prefer Acid"
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,One of my favorite Drew,One of my favorite Drew Estates!
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Smooth,I love them
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Acid opulance,"A great stick and my favorite. It burns nice, smells good, is mild and has a slightly sweet taste. Everyone I share them with loves them."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,these are awesome,these are awesome
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Undercrown,Smooth medium flavor. Thick white smoke. Slight sweet taste. Thanks Drew Estate. Another favorite.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Smooth and Flavorful from Beginning to End,"The best cigar I have tasted (under $7)! No bite, easy to re-light. Friends like them, too. But I'm keeping the rest for myself! And, with the 14 extra cigars in the box deal, you just can't beat it!"
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth One of the Best!
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,King of Cigars,"This is the best cigar I've had after smoking for 36 years. I know everyone has different taste - to me, the Opulence 3 is smooth, had the sweet taste of what Acid cigars are known for. Also, I'm very impressed with the box they come in. Not your normal, everyday box."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,4 out of 5,great,great easy smoke
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,4 out of 5,DE Opulence,"Very good smoke. Nicely rolled, nice aroma. Lived up to the Drew estate reputation"
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Smooth smoking slow burning cigar,Smooth smoking slow burning cigar one of my favorites 👍🏾👍🏾
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Floss it.,best flavor ACID cigar in my opinion! not too much not too strong just right! perfect for social gathering and turned heads asking where is that manly smell coming from?
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,the best,"very tasty, toasty, aroma of manliness?"
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,One of my favorite cigars,One of my favorite cigars
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Deserves the high rating it has.,"I not normally a big fan of flavored cigars and I originally bought these for my wife to try. Turns out that these are a solid smoke with a nice infused flavor that is something different than the norm. I smoke everyday and I'll have one of these for an afternoon stick regularly. It's a nice break from the norm and the flavor, construction and draw are all good. They sometimes get a bit ashy tasting at the very end but that's more likely my fault since I tend to over-puff these because the taste is so enjoyable."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,I reviewed this cigar back in 2016 see below. the only comment I have now is buy the robusto. After smoking boxes upon boxes of this cigar I can tell you the robusto out of the 3 sizes is the best packed and best burning and best tasting. I constantly found the other 2 sizes are packed looser which makes the burn very uneven and must relight a lot. Also it effects the flavor with to much air flow. I normally prefer Toro size cigars but with this one I now only buy the rubusto. Hope this helps.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Great buy,These are delicious smokes at a reasonable price for the quality that you get. Never disappointed
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Awesome Cigar,This has got to one of the best tasting and burning cigars ever. The aroma that this cigar puts off is so amazing you’ll have people wondering. What is that you’re smoking? Great cigar
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,3 out of 5,Good Cigar,"I would buy them again. My 3 star rating is not a dis to the cigar it is just my basic star guide that I use. This cigar has a sweet cap and has a Kuba Kuba type taste, but not as strong nor does it (maybe first 3rd )last as long. I felt the flavor complexity for the cigar was great. I tasted hints of wood, earthy, and a bit of spice at points. It was a good smoke and I enjoyed it."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Loving the Acid brand,"I love the taste and smell of these cigars, as so does my wife!!!"
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Top Notch,This is my favorite cigar! Smooth is an understatement for this one!
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,2 out of 5,Wonderful aroma out of the box and thats where it stops,"I have been wanting to try these cigars ever since they came out. I got a great deal from CI so I took the plunge and bought a box. I was thoroughly disappointed in this cigar. It was supposed to be on the fuller bodied end and was not even close. I could not tell the difference from this stick and a KUBA KUBA. The flavor was bland and unimpressive, a real disappointment.
The only Positive I can tell you is that it was probably one of the best smelling cigars out of the box that I have ever smelt.
Wonderful botanical aromas and tobacco. Will not buy again at any price. For the record I am a full bodied profile smoker."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Acid Opulence 3,My husbands favorite cigars. They are tasty.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Something different,I enjoyed trying the drew estate sampler and opulence 3 box. It was a pleasant change from my usual cigar choices. I would encourage anyone to try these wonderful cigars for a nice change of pace.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Excellent,"These were great, I only wish I could order the same deal again."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,4 out of 5,Nice full bodied Drew,I think it is their best one not too much this or that just a good smoke
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Delicious opulence by Drew estates,"A medium mild delicious treat, a comforting smoke from beginning to end, a tasty draw with a sweet cocoa undertone, a truly pleasurable experience....."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Acid never fails in the quality of their products.,"Nitro Glycerin, ""Tha BOMB""."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Great,Consistently good smoke
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,I love these,I love these
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,They're great,They're great
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,sweet really a sweet smoking cigar,Top of the stack when it comes to infused cigars ... for the special days
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Excellent,They were great and I loved them. Wish there was another sale on them
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Undercrown meets Kuba?,"In my humble opinion, I believe the O3 has a subdued version of the infused flavors of an Acid Kuba Kuba. Same great construction and draw. Worth a shot if you like the Kuba but wouldn’t mind if they toned down the flavor a bit. Or if you love the Undercrown, but like a little infused flavor in the mix."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Wow!,Wow! That's all I can say...... What else do you expect from Drew Estate? I will be ordering more. I can't find them anywhere else. Great smoke. Great taste. Great flavor..... And my order came faster than expected. A must have!
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Opulence 3,This will and forever be my go to cigar. It's deep notes paired with slightly sweet taste and aroma is right for me anytime.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,1 out of 5,Price too good to be true,"Let me start by saying that I have smoked these many times in the past. Recently, I purchased the 20 pack through Cigar FU. They were a major disappointment: no flavor, canoe while burning, the draw was mostly air, they are very soft. Not the traditional quality if Opulence 3 that one would expect. Through Cigar FU I would summarize t he experience as follows: If the price seems too good to be true, it probably is."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,The right kind of different!,Very different but in true drew estate fashion they infused an interesting flavor of cloves and a sudden sweetness as they always do. I found that it almost tasted different cigar to cigar. I really enjoyed these.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Opulence 3,"Wow, the Opulence 3 tastes like you mixed a T52 and a Kuba Kuba. Will keep these stocked in the box from now on!"
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,The Best ACID,"I've smoked most of ACID's line and this one; the Opulence 3 is the best of them. The Opulence takes the infusion process just enough but does not dominate the very good tobaccos inside.
If you have been thinking about trying an ACID, start at their best, you will enjoy it."
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,consistent flavor and clean burn,consistent flavor and clean burn
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Great,Great
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,kubas,Love my kubas
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,I really like the taste,I really like the taste of the cigar and how it smoke
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Ver happy,"Always a great smoke, quick delivery"
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,You asked!,They’re great cigars what else can I say!!
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"Great cigar, but slow to ship."
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,love them great smoke,my favorite cigar
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Sweet and smooth,Great summertime cigar for at the beach or for sitting in the back yard on a hot day.
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Excellent,Great cigar smooth sweet will be returning to buy more
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Acid,great cigars
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar.,Excellent cigar.
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,most enjoyable smoke. A very,most enjoyable smoke. A very flavor filled smoke that is pleasant to enjoy in all settings.
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,Kuba Kuba is the best of the ACID line,"I like all of the Drew Estates offerings, but the ACID Kuba Kuba is by far my favorite. The blend of flavors is delightful. Any time I'm feeling generous enough to share my stash of Kuba Kubas with friends, they are blown away. Highly recommend!"
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Awesome,"I love the Kuba's, and at this price I can afford them. Thanks"
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Old reliable,Old reliable
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Favorite,My new favorite go to cigar. Delicious anytime
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Love this Cigar,Love this Cigar
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,These are my favorite,These are my favorite
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,Nothing better than an after dinner ACID and a nice bourbon on the rocks. HEAVEN!!!
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Drew estates,Excellent cigar. Always a crowd favorite
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,very satisfied,Ben smoking Acid cigars for a while. I enjoy them. The cigars in this shipment were excellent . Shipping was quick and the price was reasonable. Will be back. Thank you.
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,A Favorite,"Smooth, nice burning cigar with a pleasant flavor. Best Acid hands down. 10"
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Best Infused,Hands down the best infused cigar - consistent throughout cigar and with every stick .
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Smooth and Mild,Smooth and Mild
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Favorite cigar!,Just one of the best. Kuba Kuba never fails to satisfy. A sweet lip and smooth flavor.
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Great smoke to the nub,Great smoke to the nub
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Kuba Kuba,"One of my favorite cigars. So smooth, never harsh and a nice finish."
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Winner!,Been a fan of Kuba for years. Cannot go wrong with this tasty stick!
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,"As I’ve gotten older, I’ve","As I’ve gotten older, I’ve moved away from the maduros to these mild sweet infused cigars from Drew Estate. Not my outside “working” cigar, but my “relaxing” cigar."
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,"Good taste, nice ash. Only","Good taste, nice ash. Only they are expensive. I buy them only when they are on sale. I enjoy them a lot"
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,Acid,Good smoke and good flavor. Enjoy with you favorite evening drink.
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Acids,Love the taste of these. I like most of the Acid brand cigars.
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Excellent quality at a great,Excellent quality at a great price
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Kubas can’t go wrong,Showed up just in time for golf. Friend loved them as well. Great burn. Smooth cigar.
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,These are my go to,These are my go to cigars. Reasonably priced and a good smoke.
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Awesome cigar,"Love these cigars, were highly recommended in the reviews."
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Very Good.,"These Grande ACID Cigars’s were incredible. I have just begun my Cigar appreciation, and the Acid by Drew Estates are really on-point.
I would recommend them."
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,The sweet flavor that lasts,The sweet flavor that lasts for the entire cigar is great! Mild with no strong lingering after taste!
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Very nice mild taste,Very nice mild taste
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Outstanding,Can’t ever go wrong with any Drew Estate smoke. Great tasting burns well and satisfying. His time with L T. Was not waisted.
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Ceegars!,These came a bit dry but it never stops me from smoking them anyway. I’ve had many and DE are some of the best.
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar great company,Excellent cigar great company
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Enjoyable,Great tasting cigar.
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Kuba Kuba,"Not a fan of flavored cigars, but these have been a staple in my humidor since they came out. If nothing else strikes me, this is always my fall back stick."
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Great deal,Nice rapper that stays in tact one of the best cigars ever
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Kuba Kuba,Great cigars. Highly recommend.
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Good smokes..good for a change.,Good smokes..good for a change.
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,5 out of 5,Great stick!,Great stick!
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,3 out of 5,Not what I was expecting.,Not great but not terrible. I love the double perfecto shape but this cigar tastes rather plain and un-infused. Just not what I was expecting. The ACID line has several choices that are much better than the Def sea.
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,5 out of 5,Drew Estates,Another great buy from CI. The wrappers on the Tabaks are a bit brittle but won't let that keep me from enjoying them.
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,3 out of 5,Not impressed,"The acid line from drew estate never fails to impress me. These however are the exception. It doesnt taste infused at all it just tastes like an unflavored cigar. Which that's not the end of the world but still a bit disappointed. Not to mention they were packed funny. Barely any airflow resulting in almost no smoke. I had to cut it at both ends and light it 3 times. Not a terrible cigar, just not my favorite."
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,5 out of 5,Brittle,"The cigars were dry, not fresh"
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,5 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,5 out of 5,My Go To,"Always the same, a great smoke."
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,5 out of 5,Great cigars.,Great cigars.
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,4 out of 5,Good smoke,"This was my low cost, always good smoke, but the price has gone up over the past few years, still a good smoke, but may need to look for others out there,"
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,5 out of 5,very smooth,very smooth
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,4 out of 5,Great Cigars,I enjoy a good cigar after a hard day at work & this definitely fits the bill!
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,3 out of 5,DEF SEA and Me,"Good cigar,good taste, the fact that a couple of the cigars had hard stems in them causing unbalanced burn is the reason for mediocre rating."
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,3 out of 5,Def sea,Not enough flavor
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,3 out of 5,I ordered wrong cigar,"I like the blue lable acid cigar not what I ordered. This cigar torpedo, dont need, does not have sweet draw. This was me not knowing the full line. These cigars fine. Now I have a full box daaa"
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,5 out of 5,Great stuff!,Just a great flavorful mild smoke.
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,They definitely lived up to my expectations !!!
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,5 out of 5,Acid cigars,You guys provide great service. I'm always too busy to shop at the smoke shops.
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,4 out of 5,Yes please!,"One out of the five i received started to come apart. I have smoked two of these and enjoyed them both, easy draw and even burn. Another Acid cigar i will be adding to the humidor on a regular basis."
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,5 out of 5,A good smoke,A good smoke
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,3 out of 5,Good deal.,Decent cigar. Lighter that adjoins is poor.
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,4 out of 5,Cigarman,They were ok
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,3 out of 5,"Good, but not my favorite Drew","I love most of what Drew does, but this cigar is kinda interesting. It has the smell of what I love and the name on the band leads me to believe it will be good, but when I light it up and smoke it I am less than thrilled. It’s not a bad cigar and I will smoke them, but I will more easily give them away, then I would a Kuba or 3 or Isla del Sol."
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,2 out of 5,Acid cigars are my go to cigar but not these,We pretty much only smoke infused cigars and Acid's are my usual go to cigar so I couldn't pass up getting a whole box of these. We pulled out the first two and to our disappointment we did not get any infused taste. Not a bad cigar but no infused taste at all. Now I have a whole box of cigars that probably will not be smoked.
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,5 out of 5,Another great cigar from Drew Estate,Drew Estate is my go to cigar. Def Sea didn’t disappoint. Great burn and mild. Glad I bought a box.
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,5 out of 5,Great cigars,"Acid cigars of all types are my top pick for a great cigar, whether on the go or enjoying with friends."
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,2 out of 5,There are better options,Lackluster taste and burns too hot. Big disappointment from the Acid line!!! Time to take a break from infused cigars at this price.
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,5 out of 5,"Great cigars, always good!","Great cigars, always good!"
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,5 out of 5,Excellant cigars at and economical,Excellant cigars at and economical price to good to pass up. Thank you CI for your customer loyalty.
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,2 out of 5,Def Sea,Not to impressive to be honest. I would say I should’ve gotten Cuba Cubas.
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,3 out of 5,Def Sea,"I like these Def Sea cigars however I prefer the more infused taste like the Acid one, Blondie and Kuba Kuba."
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,2 out of 5,Acid smokes...,I feel like they use great wraps with subpar tobacco. I really thought they had higher standards
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,3 out of 5,No Infusion,"I did like the way it burned, and the draw was nice. However, there is no detectable Acid infusion in this cigar. No great aroma or taste. It does not live up to the Acid line, but a half decent smoke if you have a bourbon with it."
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,4 out of 5,Good choice,"I’m usually smoking Acid kuba Kubas for my dessert cigar, I thought I’d try these at a great price. Much lighter smoke and taste. I thought that there would more honey or sweetness, but not on this one. I’m keeping them in their box inside my humidor with hopes of a stronger taste next time. The chocolate/coffee infused cigars were quite interesting. Not a bad tasting cigar, and small enough for a quick 45 min smoke. They go great with a nice Cabernet."
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,2 out of 5,Ehhh? No thank you,"Bought 2 boxes by mistake and decided to keep both, came with great Acid sampler, thank goodness, I really enjoy Acid cigars and always have a few in my humidor. These guys were a disappointment, burn was fine, some wrapper issues about every 3 rd one.
But not the best infused Acid out there, actually the worst. So if you want a light infusion maybe it's for you. I won't buy this stick again"
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,5 out of 5,never a bad one,"Whenever I am indecisive on what to get, ACID is the fall back cigar for me. No matter if its the Blondie or Kuba Kuba, never a bad smoke."
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,4 out of 5,Great smoke!!!!Acid DefSea,Great smoke
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,5 out of 5,Service.,I am very impressed with the cigar quality. Thanks Guys. Vaughn Riffe GM Old Line Wine and Spirits! Cheers
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,3 out of 5,There ok thought they would,There ok thought they would of had a better taste and been more mild
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,3 out of 5,Def Sea does not amaze,"The cigar is OK, but I suppose I was looking for something spectacular. The roll is a bit loose, and the sticks run hot and smoke fast. Not my favorite, but a good one to have as a spare for those who know no better."
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,4 out of 5,Another great Acid,"Nice smooth smoke, Good flavo, and very enjoyable."
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,1 out of 5,Def Sea,Did not like the flavore. I love most cigars by Drew estate.
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,5 out of 5,Great cigar,I am no cigar pro and smoke Acid blondies regularly. The Def Sea cigars are incredibly smooth and feel well made.
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,1 out of 5,no flavor,i thought from the description it would have more flavor. very plain
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,3 out of 5,Def Sea,I was expecting a lot more taste from this stick.
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,3 out of 5,wasnt as favorable as I thought I will experience.,It burned well and decent smoke but I was searching for the favor of the cigar. Didn't get much of the taste but enjoyable.
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,3 out of 5,Not too bad but not great,Drew Estate is one of my favorite Cigar makers. The Kuba Kuba is the favorite but this Sea Def Sea was a little bolder and not as enticing. If its not a COHIBA or a ROMEO JULIET the Kuba Kuba will be always be my good to go.
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,5 out of 5,Acid cigars,Love Drew Estate products they never fail to satisfy. From mild to full or flavored their cigars are first rate
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,5 out of 5,Israel'S review,"Very good customer support service, received ok on time, very sactified with all the treatment received"
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,4 out of 5,Nice smoke,Was very pleased with the blend. Another winner by Drew Estates.
AFR-75 San Andres Claro,5 out of 5,Homerun,"Probably one of the best PDR offering— SMooth , Buttery and satisfying... definitely a premium stick"
Aganorsa Leaf Connecticut,3 out of 5,Good but...,"Wonderful flavors. easy draw and well constructed. However, these are suprisingly strong for being such a mild smoke. But I'm just not into very strong cigars."
Aganorsa Leaf Connecticut,4 out of 5,Connecticut with a kick!,"Great smoke! Fuller bodied than the average Connecticut. Even, consistent burn, nice flavor profile throughout. Flattened out at the end, but overall, I would recommend this stick!"
Aganorsa Leaf Connecticut,5 out of 5,My favorite,"Well, this is the best cigar I've ever had. Got a few variations in a sampler and loved the Conn. Bought a box, had one, bought another box. Puts Fuente to shame in my book. Pricey, but worth it for 2-3 a week. Rich, deep flavor. Like a whole different experience. Maybe just my peculiar taste, but I want one about every 3rd cigar. I also like Don Pepin Garcia, My Father, and 5 Vegas classic if that helps. If a cigar smoker doesn't like these I'm stumped."
Aganorsa Leaf Signature Selection,5 out of 5,GREAT SMOKE,"VERY COMPLEX CIGAR, GREAT MORNING CIGAR WITH COFFEE, ENJOY EVERY STICK"
Aganorsa Leaf Signature Selection,5 out of 5,Amazing Nicaraguan Cigar,"Such a great Cigar! A+ all the way!
Truest expectional blending of tobacco creates an even more exceptionally eventful smoking experience...
Now, I may be biased because I love Nicaraguan grown tobacco to me it’s the best and most flavorful in the world.
For a Nicaraguan Puro it’s about as close to perfection as you can get.
Trust me buy a box and you won’t be unhappy, at least until you run out.
This cigar is so good it can be smoke by a total newbie all the way to the seasoned veteran of cigar smokers. I have smoked probably close to 50 now and each has maintaned its perfection each time. I can only imagine a year or more of aging would do even more wonders to this smoke. However everytime I buy a box I smoke through it in less than a month... it’s that good.
If you like Nicaraguan sticks"
Aganorsa Leaf Signature Selection,5 out of 5,What A Find!!,As soon as I lit this up I knew it was going on my top 5 list for 2018. I'd describe an overall medium-full cigar with what I would best describe as a sweet chocolaty pepper throughout. The pepper is more of a feeling than taste although I definitely get a mellow pepper flavor. Looks great. Smokes even better. Get this.
Aging Room Bin No. 1,5 out of 5,Aging room cigars,A great smoke!!
Aging Room Pura Cepa,5 out of 5,Wow,One of the best cigars ive had thus far this year
Aging Room Pura Cepa,5 out of 5,Good,Great smooth full body
Aging Room Quattro Connecticut,4 out of 5,New smoker,"I am a new cigar smoker. I went with this cigar because it seemed like a safe bet...and it was. It is smooth and mellow, almost to mellow. It is definitely helping me taste the cigar and its notes better, but it’s almost too mellow. It doesn’t have as much flavor as some of the others I’ve tried, but that’s not nessessarily a bad thing either. Overall, i am satisfied but left wanting a little more. Buy the 5 pack to try it out."
Aging Room Quattro F55 Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Cigars!,In a league of its own. Great smoke all around. You will not be dissapointed.
Aging Room Quattro F55 Maduro,4 out of 5,Aging Room F55 Maduro Espressivo,Excellent box-pressed cigar with a full draw that burns uniformly to the end. Always consistent in construction and appearance with tastes of espresso and light leather.
Aging Room Quattro F55 Maduro,5 out of 5,"Fine, delicate flavor and easy","Fine, delicate flavor and easy burn. One of the best cigars I have bought from CI."
Aging Room Quattro F55 Maduro,5 out of 5,What a great stick,What a great stick
Aging Room Quattro F55 Maduro,4 out of 5,Very enjoyable- tasty and not,Very enjoyable- tasty and not overpowering
Aging Room Quattro F55 Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Aging Room Quattro F55 Maduro,5 out of 5,F55 A Winner in the Race,"Actually, the F55 box-pressed is what I just finished down to where my fingers were smarting. Fabulous model. Extremely well made, even burn, medium body, and no bitterness in the last inch or so. My palate was just right for this cigar and perhaps the well-aged rum (straight) I enjoyed with it might have taken away from whaterver ""notes"" others describe. I would buy this again and again, although the same enjoyment and taste varies as one's palate of the moment. Recommended."
Aging Room Quattro F55 Maduro,4 out of 5,One of the best cigars,One of the best cigars for the price
Aging Room Quattro F55 Maduro,5 out of 5,Lives up to the rating,"Loved by all, just a great some, not a long lasting stick, but really good in all other ways."
Aging Room Quattro F55 Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Aging Room Quattro F55 Maduro,5 out of 5,Great value cigar,Good cigar with a great burn and taste.
Aging Room Quattro F55 Maduro,3 out of 5,Not as smooth as expected,Not as smooth as expected
Aging Room Quattro F55 Maduro,4 out of 5,Good draw; stays light; strong;,Good draw; stays light; strong; very good cigar
Aging Room Quattro F55 Maduro,4 out of 5,F 55 Maduro,4 with me ..... easy smoke !!!
Aging Room Quattro F55 Maduro,5 out of 5,Aging Room F55 Maduro,"Caught these on sale and bought two boxes on a whim, never having smoked them before.
Arrived ready to smoke,as always from CI. Beautiful wrapper,perfect construction and razor sharp burn. Smooth and flavorful with an earthy peppery taste that I really like. I can see buying more of these."
Aging Room Quattro F55 Maduro,5 out of 5,"My new favorite cigar, hands down.","Had a chance to experience this cigar while deployed overseas. Instantly fell in love. The flavor and feeling is an unusual blend of a smooth draw followed by a strong follow of flavor you don't typically get without that strong ""punch"" taste."
Aging Room Quattro F55 Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smooth smoke,Great smooth smoke
Aging Room Quattro F55 Maduro,5 out of 5,My 3rd box.,Great smoke.
Aging Room Quattro F55 Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,I am really loving these cigars. I shared them with friends who are also big cigar smokers and they loved them too!!
Aging Room Quattro F55 Maduro,4 out of 5,Solid smoke for the price,Burns evenly and can be smoked to the end without a burn.
Aging Room Quattro F55 Maduro,3 out of 5,Does'nt live up to the hype!,Ordered these because of all of the hoopla. To me these are way over rated.
Aging Room Quattro F55 Maduro,4 out of 5,"Great smoke, and the price","Great smoke, and the price was unbelievable!"
Aging Room Quattro F59,4 out of 5,Solid all around,"Great cigar. As always you can’t go wrong with Aging room. Fantastic construction, burn, and flavor. Definitely more medium in flavor profile but the cedar wood comes through. Never had an AR that was disappointing, and that says a lot for brands these days. Not may favorite among their lineup, but definitely will buy a box again. Solid all around."
Aging Room Quattro F59,4 out of 5,Good Cigar but can be prone to a hot draw,"Nice flavor, love the oily dark brown srapper, burns well but be careful, very easy to over-humidify, then the draw is extremely hot and lose if this happens."
Aging Room Quattro F59,5 out of 5,Treat them like a lady,"I wrote a review (my first) on these sticks a while back. Here is what I learned. They are so oily naturally that your top shelf storage may in fact be hurting them. Keep them as far away from your humidity source as possible. These sticks are moist naturally, adding more hurts them more than most. Keep then cool, and keep them dry (ish) and they will treat you very, very nice"
Aging Room Quattro F59,5 out of 5,Good Cigar,"These are good cigars, but a little pricy"
Aging Room Quattro F59,5 out of 5,Great cigars,They taste as good as they look Great construction and the taste is complex but a joy to smoke
Aging Room Quattro F59,3 out of 5,Decent smoke,Good everyday smoke.
Aging Room Quattro F59,4 out of 5,Upside - Downside,"These taste really good, but they don’t like to stay lit."
Aging Room Quattro F59,4 out of 5,A very nice mild smoke,A very nice mild smoke
Aging Room Quattro F59,5 out of 5,Great medium+ body,"Great draw, smooth, nice flavor. A real winner!"
Aging Room Quattro F59,5 out of 5,As good as it gets,"I am a cigar novice, but even I could tell these are amazing sticks. I may not be able to appreciate these as much as I should just yet, but the one I did smoke was as good as I hoped it would be. Very smooth, and very tasty. My wife loved the aroma this stick put off. The rest of the box will be aging in my humidor for special occasions. I am hoping the next time around I will be able to taste even more. For now, these are the lone sticks in my top shelf."
Aging Room Quattro F59,5 out of 5,good smoked better than others brands not for new smokers,good smoked better than others brands not for new smokers
Aging Room Quattro F59,5 out of 5,GREAT SMOPKE,"AN EXTREMELY GOOD CIGAR START TO FINISH. GREAT/COMPLEX FLAVOR, GREAT DEAL."
Aging Room Quattro F59,4 out of 5,Aging Room,"An ok smoke, but not in the same class as the F55 Concerto."
Aging Room Quattro F59,4 out of 5,Good smoke...especially for the price,Good smoke...especially for the price
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,The Good Life.,The Aging Room Quattro is a true Nicaraguan masterpiece! One of those cigars that make you feel like the King of the World. Expertly constructed with a beautiful even burn throughout the smoke. Yummy chocolate and caramel tones right down to the nub. As always Cigar International made it happen with a great deal on this 5 pack. Thank you C.I.
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great smoke. Burned like a,Great smoke. Burned like a champ and was nice on the palate.
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Very good cigar great construction,Very good cigar great construction and flavors. Personally I wouldn’t say #1 cigar of the year but definitely top 10. I think some age in the humidor would benefit them greatly.
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke - bad glue job on most bands
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Awesome cigar,Awesome cigar
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,This is a cigar that you don't want to end!
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,fantastic,Fantastic !!!
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Aging Room,"Excellent smoke from beginning to end! Smooth, flavorful and a nice mouthful of smoke!"
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Good cigar,"Seems very medium in strength. Very smooth! I don't know from notes of this or that, but just very consistent to me and very enjoyable."
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Aging Room,Fabulous cigar
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Nice taste and smooth
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,The sampler was a nice,The sampler was a nice way to try different ones. But I ready love the Nicaraguan very nice smoke. Glad I got a box
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Their 96 rating is good.,Their 96 rating is good. Shared several sticks with friends and they were delighted as I am.
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,It has a great pull and flavor. Was very impressed with this stick and plan on buying more in the future.
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Very good cigar.,This a very steing cigar with full taste. I love it
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Stellar,One of the top 5 smokes I've ever had. Smooth and easy burn with a punch. I'll be sure to keep a box of these in the humidor moving forward.
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Worth every penny!,A really smooth smoke that was quite enjoyable even towards its end. Definitely one to hold in the humidor for a bit to see how it ages...
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Very nice cigar with flavor,Very nice cigar with flavor
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Fabulous,Fabulous
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,ARQ,Excellent smoke
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,The Best,"What can a guy say? This the best cigar ever. Great construction, nose, burn, flavor and finish. Glad I had a chance to smoke it on America’s Independence Day. This was my fire works, it did not disappoint, and nobody got burnt, including my tongue. Too mellow for that action."
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Bought as a gift,"These cigars are amazing, full bodied, great taste, great smoke. Will buy these again!"
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great flavor! Really enjoy them,Great flavor! Really enjoy them
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Why it is the cigar of the Year,From start to finish a beautiful blend. Smooth draw from start to finish. Right there as one of the top cigars in my collection. I rarely will share these with anyone but closest friends who are in our cult. lol
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Good stuff,Good as everyone says it is
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Must buy,This cigar is excellent. Very smooth and a bountiful of rich notes. A MUST try and regular stocker!
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,"Rich, bold, deeply layered cigar","I picked up a pack of five of these about a month ago - and almost immediately added it to my list for a box order. As I was eyeing the last one in my humidor, I pulled the trigger on a box of 20 which just arrived today. Grown and rolled by AJ Fernandez for Rafael Nodal's Aging Room brand, this is a terrific cigar - no wonder it shot to #1 on Cigar Aficionado's list last year with a hard-to-beat 96 rating. Just incredible - nutty, deep layers of flavor, rich and bold. Caramel and cocoa. The fullest of full profiles, a really epic smoke."
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great Flavor,Great and consistent flavor and quality. Definitely recommend!
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,YES!!!,Amazing stick. It is very clear how it was cigar of the year right after you light it. Bold and balanced. Smooth draw. So good.
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great Smoke!,Great smoke from start to finish. No burn taste whatsoever. I usually don't pick up all of the nuanced flavors in cigars but this one is the gift that keeps on giving. Recently paired with Whistlepig 10....thoroughly enjoyable.
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,great full body smoke,For being a strong smoke the cigar has an easy draw. That is saying something because I could compete with having the longest ash for how tight the tobacco was weaved. I'll buy this again.
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,3 out of 5,"Good, but Cigar of the Year?",3.5 stars. May be I expected a lot from Cigar of the Year award. May had smoked similar in the price point...will probably buy again.
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,"There is a reason why they are #1 on Aficionado! Can't beat it, for the money and satisfaction of a quality cigar, well made.","I am half way through the Maestro, she started out like a kicking mule and settled down after about 10 buffs into it. They arrived from CI nice and spongy and fresh. The smoke is real smooth and deep earthy that tends to calm down around the half way burn. I LOVE these babies and will definitely get them again! Nice and oily on the tongue with flavor to spare!"
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,"I was never a huge fan of Aging Room but these are excellent! Great flavor throughout, never got harsh. Enjoyed to the nub!"
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Very Good - Not Classic,Good enjoyable smoke - definitely not a 94. More like an 88. Bold smooth nutty taste. Certainly would buy again.
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,"I am a huge fan of AJ Fernandez blends, and this medium-full really hits all the spots for me when I smoke it. It’s the one in my Humidor I keep going back to, and I have to try hard to slow down when I’m smoking it because it’s so great."
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,A+,I first I thought it was going to be a little more peppery but it was a smooth tasting stick with a great burn.
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,A pleasant even smoking cigar. I will buy more and my friends who I gave them some will also buy.
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Mestero Master- it’s worth it!,"This Aficionado rated 94 cigar was a very pleasant smoke, I enjoyed every puff of this long lasting slow burning boxed pressed torpedo I could taste the woodsy chocolatey flavor packed in this cigar !"
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Not 94 points,"CA rated this 94 - it's a good smoke, but not a near classic. I'd say about 89. Still, lots of flavor, good smoke volume, very well made - worth the price."
Aging Room Quattro Original,5 out of 5,"Super Smoke, highly recommended","First time hearing about this brand. Bought these in a five pack sampler and they were better than expected. Great build, I liked the box press and the appearance. They smoke smooth, didn’t have to delight or touch up at all. Great draw and the flavor was exceptional. Highly recommend! Great with a glass of red wine, bought more after I went through the first five!"
Aging Room Quattro Original,5 out of 5,First time with a Rafael Nodal cigar. Very happy.,"I bought a box of Aging Room Quattro Original 7 x 50 at CI. This is the first time I smoked a Rafael Nodal cigar. Thanks Cigar International for having at your inventory such a magnificent cigar. Impecable roll, draw, burn and the box pressed is executed beautifully. Delicious well cured tobacco, full bodied taste with balance blended and pleasing smoothness."
Aging Room Solera Corojo,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Smoked 2 from a 5 pack so far. Enjoyed them.
Aging Room Solera Shade,4 out of 5,Solera Shade,Solid smoke consistent flavour..
Aging Room Solera Shade,4 out of 5,Nice smoke usually,Needs consistency in the wrapping and draw.
Aging Room Solera Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Decent Smoke,"I disagree with the previous 2 negative reviews. These are pretty decent cigars that taste fine and have a razor sharp burn. I am very pleased with them. The Festivo size is perfect for me. Not too long , not to short, but just right. Give them a try and find out how good they are!"
Aging Room Solera Sun Grown,1 out of 5,Not a pleasant smoke,"Hate to give a 1 star but this cigar was harsh, tough draw and no flavor. Didn't even finish it as it was not a pleasant smoke. The only redeeming quality was that it lit easily and and even burn."
Agio Mehari's,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Agio Mehari's,4 out of 5,Good service,Good service
Agio Mehari's,5 out of 5,Best little cigar,Red Orient- best of the brand
Agio Mehari's,5 out of 5,Very nice cigars from Holland,Mild smoke with lots of flavor. Tightly packed tobacco for an excellent quality cigar.
Agio Mehari's,4 out of 5,I like them,A good quick smoke. Easy draw and enjoyable when your time is limited and you want a pleasurable smoke.
Agio Mehari's,5 out of 5,GREAT!!,"Absolutely love these! Too bad they're getting harder to find in stock. Definitely recommend them, along with the Java version."
Agio Mehari's,5 out of 5,Great!,Great!
Agio Mehari's,4 out of 5,"If you don't like my fire, I won't be offended if you don't sit by me.....","Just purchased these for the 1st time and it looks like I'm enjoying my 6th one right now. Nice little smoke and the price is nice. I'm not sure I understand the ""gets too hot"" complaints, unless those people have let the bright orangish-red part make contact with flesh, that probably would be too hot then."
Agio Mehari's,2 out of 5,Disappointed,"I am quite disappointed with these. They smoke hot and fast and are just fairly unpleasant.
I much prefer the Villiger Braniff No. 3 Maduro."
Agio Mehari's,5 out of 5,agio mehari's red orient,my son love's them and so do i.
Agio Mehari's,4 out of 5,They get a bit bitter,"They get a bit bitter at the end, but for a <10 minute smoke they are great. The Red Orientals may be a touch better."
Agio Mehari's,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Great Smoke and Great Value
Agio Mehari's,1 out of 5,Yuck!,"Very bad. Has a short-lived subtle pleasant aroma and taste, but quickly gives way to an overpowering bitter, cheap-tobacco flavor. Had the Ecuador years ago and was hoping this to be the same quality. Huge disappointment."
Agio Mehari's,4 out of 5,Nice short smoke,Lots of flavor. Great if you only have a few minutes. Little bite towards the end. Fairly priced.
Agio Mehari's,5 out of 5,Great service,"Good prices, great service,"
Agio Mehari's,4 out of 5,"Skinnier than expected, but flavorful","I normally get the Alta Gracia, but their coffee flavor was out of stock, so I tried these. I was surprised at their dimensions (skinnier and longer than other cigarillos - close to cigarette size) but the flavor was delightful. Medium coffee presence, and a good duration of smoke time. Burned a little hotter than others, but that wasn't an issue."
Agio Mehari's,4 out of 5,Pretty good,"A decent cigar, paid more, had less...I like them for a small, quick smoke.
Ready to try other flavor"
Agio Mehari's,4 out of 5,Loved the Sweet Orient better,"Apparently the sweet Orient was changed to Red Orient. They claim its same taste just different name. I beg to differ, but it'll do!"
Agio Mehari's,5 out of 5,Excellent,"Delivery and quality exactly what I have come to expect from CI, del'd to my destination address on time and rec'd by my hosts there pending my arrival.
I'll be back!"
Agio Mehari's,5 out of 5,"""Perfecto""","This product is top notch. This was my first time trying these, and I was a little worried about quality and taste. When I got this box of orient sweets in the mail I opened it up rite away, and I was like ""WOW"". I had to try one immediately, and I was not disappointed. These little cigars smoke just like their big brothers, great taste, great quality, and just the right size for a quick smoke. I would definitely buy these again, and again."
Agio Mehari's,5 out of 5,Agio Megan's Java - smooth taste,Nice short smoke with a smooth chocolatey taste. Great for when you only have a short time to smoke.
Agio Mehari's,5 out of 5,Always good,"A great short smoke. Tasty, nicely wrapped. Never a bad one in a box"
Agio Mehari's,5 out of 5,"Mehari Brazil, satisfying.","These are full flavored little smokes, perfect for when hounding have time for a big cigar and very satisfying for their size."
Agio Mehari's,4 out of 5,Nice Quick Smoke,Very smooth. Burns even. Great value
Agio Mehari's,5 out of 5,Finally I found it,"This is the smoke I have been looking for. It's the right size, the right medium strength and the right price. I've tried 5 other brands and I am really happy I found this for a nice convenient aromatic smoke."
AJ Fernandez Bellas Artes,5 out of 5,Bella Bella=Bellas,All 20 cigars were a work of art! So pretty and tasty! I can remember being so excited about a cigar since I first tasted and Opus X. Not really expensive but definitely a luxury taste and draw! My New Fav!!!!
AJ Fernandez Bellas Artes,5 out of 5,New Favorite,I bought a 5 pack of these based on a recommendation directly from AJ Fernandez. Asked for something similar to Man O War Ruination. He suggested Bellas Artes. These are superb cigars. Absolutely my new favorite. Quickly went through the 5 pack and ordered a box of 20. FYI pronounced Bay-as Ar-tess.
AJ Fernandez Bellas Artes,5 out of 5,Smooth,Very good smoke!
AJ Fernandez Bellas Artes,5 out of 5,Amazing smoke!,"Purchased a 5 pack soley based on the reviews and description. Something sounded really tasty about it and boy... I am not disappointed. As I smoked 1 with my neighbor, we both ordered a box. Very good"
AJ Fernandez Bellas Artes,5 out of 5,Excellent cigars.,"I bought a box of Short Churchill (Toro) 6 x 48 at CI. This AJ Fernández Bellas Artes got an A+ in terms of manufacture, roll, draw and burn are excellent in these Short Churchill. The tobacco in these cigars are good, leaning toward the full bodied kind. These taste really good and are well balance smokes."
AJ Fernandez Bellas Artes,5 out of 5,Good Smoke,"Solid, everyday cigar. Smooth, yet bold flavor."
AJ Fernandez Bellas Artes,5 out of 5,Bellas,Very fast delivery of the cigars
AJ Fernandez Bellas Artes,5 out of 5,Fantastic smoke!!!,Great long lasting smoke.
AJ Fernandez Bellas Artes,5 out of 5,fit for the mad maharajah of magador,Starts out gently but is not a light smoke and has a pleasant taste and is worth the price.
AJ Fernandez Bellas Artes,5 out of 5,Humidified it stands,"Simply the best, what with my allowance. No need to look further. Has taste that affords a luxury draw. Ought to be renamed, something like Prey or The Kapler."
AJ Fernandez Bellas Artes,5 out of 5,Excellent!,"Very good cigar. Perfect burn, nice salty wrapper, light spices and good long smoke."
AJ Fernandez Bellas Artes,5 out of 5,Don’t lose that blend!,Fine finish and an even more impressive first puff. We have a Pope.
AJ Fernandez Bellas Artes,5 out of 5,Bellas Artes,As usual AJ Fernandez has hit another one out of the ball park. Great smoke and unique flavor.
AJ Fernandez Bellas Artes,5 out of 5,Stunning smoke,"Absolutely stunning. I am a full bodied cigar smoker, but AJ has a way of satisfying me with medium and medium to full cigars that other blenders cannot! Every time I think he has outdone himself, the next cigar outdoes the rest."
AJ Fernandez Bellas Artes,5 out of 5,Way to go AJ!,"Wow! What a rich full flavored smoke! I've been on a Connecticut jag for a while so I was a little hesitant about this cigar! Believe you me...it was yummy! It's rated almost a full flavored smoke, but it was sooooo smooth that I must confess, it had me fooled...I am buying a box of these mellow masterpieces! Will recommend to all my cigar buddies! Outstanding cigars AJ!"
AJ Fernandez Bellas Artes Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,this is one of my favorite aj cigars. Burns perfect and has a strong flavor which I like.
AJ Fernandez Bellas Artes Maduro,5 out of 5,GREAT DEAL,"GREAT DEAL AND GREAT SMOKE, AJ FERNANDEZ MAKES MY FAVORITES SMOKES"
AJ Fernandez Enclave,4 out of 5,very nice smoke.,Nice good strong smoke. Enjoyed it.
AJ Fernandez Enclave,4 out of 5,One light cigar great smoke,One light cigar great smoke start to finish
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,Excellent.,Excellent.
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,"Very smooth,great tasting","Very smooth,great tasting"
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Always a good choice!
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,ENCLAVE,"NICE SMOKE. HAVE KEPT SOME IN MY HUMIDOR FOR THE LAST 5 YRS. GOOD CONSTRUCTION, GOOD BURN, GOOD TASTE."
AJ Fernandez Enclave,4 out of 5,Enclace,Excellent smoke burns well and carries flavor throughout
AJ Fernandez Enclave,4 out of 5,Habano for a camarroon lover,This really is a winner in all respects. I generally don’t go for rosado wrappers but I figured I’d give them a try for having a camarroon binder. It works!
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,Smother Than Silk,Every time I lite this cigar it seems like my first experience. Wonderful draw and seemless texture.
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,Enclave by A J Fernandez Churchill,"Beautifully constructed , great taste , slow burning cigar"
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke from start to,Excellent smoke from start to finish!
AJ Fernandez Enclave,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,Enclave Churchill,It's rare when a cigar remains consistent from start to finish. I would highly recommend this smoke when you have the time to enjoy the superb quality of this cigar.
AJ Fernandez Enclave,4 out of 5,Good with scotch,A little milder than i like but still very good to the last inch or so. I enjoyed it with a johnnie walker red on the rocks.
AJ Fernandez Enclave,3 out of 5,Blah! From an AJ fan,"I'm on my second Enclave over the past few months. I have to admit, I'm not very impressed. I was expecting a typical AJ medium to full flavor bomb but I'm getting a light, airy smoke. Maybe I got a bad batch but doubtful I will buy these again. I love AJ smokes but these two that I've had are not tasty even though the construction is fantastic."
AJ Fernandez Enclave,4 out of 5,Enclave,A nice cigar!
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,My fav cigar,These have become my favorite cigars. A great smoke.
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,Another fine cigar from AJF,Another fine cigar from AJF
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,Still needs time in the,Still needs time in the humidor but so far it's the best cigar I've ever had
AJ Fernandez Enclave,4 out of 5,R. Dauphinais,Nice mild-medium cigar. Slightly fragile ash.
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,Fantastic,Nicely refined cigar. My favorite AJF by far (and I have tried most of his cigars).
AJ Fernandez Enclave,4 out of 5,Great flavour easy draw,Great flavour easy draw
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,Robusto,Excellent smoke ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,AJ's Enclave,"I finally pulled the trigger on this masterpiece built by AJ and all I can say is Holy Smoke!! Consistent from first light till nub and an extremely flavorful experience. Well balanced and creamy tobacco flavor throughout, never a dull moment or touch up as this beauty burns perfectly. I strongly suggest you save your money and buy these, thanks AJ and CI"
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,Pleasantly supersized,"Got this cigar in a sampler pack and I smoked the cigar till the end
Good smoke out put, good taste, good draw, good construction and probably one of my favorite of this year!"
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,ENCLAVE ROBUSTO,PLEASANT TASTE. THE ENCLAVE HAS A GOOD DRAW AS WELL.
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,2nd best,"New Bellas Artes by AJ Ferandez even better but Enclave rich, with great taste."
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,The best!,From beginning to the end these are best smokes you can buy
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,Delicious,"First time smoking this it definitely needed a little bit of rest. 6 months later, it's legitimately incredible. Trust the aging process. Give it some time and you will not be disappointed. Dollar for dollar, this smoke is one of the best I've had!"
AJ Fernandez Enclave,3 out of 5,Ho Hum,The best of the three expressions of this brand is the Connecticut wrapper. This one starts to lose its flavor after about one quarter of the stogie is smoked.
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,It's An AJ,"Always enjoy AJ Fernandez cigars. No exception here. Nice burn, nice draw and flavor."
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,Nicely done...,May be AJ’s finest!
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,Enclave,"I have had one, because I wanted to try one as soon as I got them, the balance are resting for another month or so. For the value these were well worth the money. They had a smooth even burn, good flavor, and overall an enjoyable smoke."
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,Enclave AJ Fernandez,Great taste full flavor makes it one of my favorite
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,Medium body,This cigar has a nice wrapper and very good construction. A medium body with a toasty earthy flavor. The robusto is a relatively quick but enjoyable smoke
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,Best new cigar,This review is based solely on one Toro that I picked up at my local B&M....this is the best cigar I have tried in a very long time. Loved everything about it! I just ordered a box and can't wait for them to arrive....hope they are as good as the first!
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,AJ does it again!,A quality smoke good from start to finish.
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,Great taste and burn!!,Must have in humidor
AJ Fernandez Enclave,4 out of 5,Gene LaPorte,"Very good cigar, well made easy draw with pleasent after taste"
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,A J ENCLAVE ROBUSTO,"NICE TASTE, GOOD DRAW, A PLEASURE TO SMOKE"
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,Great Cigar!,"I have to admit I was a bit skeptical when I picked up these. I have been disappointed with other cigars from ""AJ"". I've smoked 3 of these so far in the last week. This stick is very good! Very good roll, very easy draw, tons of smoke, even burn and great tobacco flavor. They have a winner with this one. I will include these for some of my fellow ""Lovers of the Leaf"" at my Daughters wedding this fall. Please give these a try, they are very enjoyable."
AJ Fernandez Enclave,4 out of 5,not bad...,"good cigar, best fernandez cigar effort to date: doesn't have that cheap taste most of his other cigars have. it still isn't quite at the highest level of cigar, though, but getting closer. it ain't easy, baby."
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,Good stick,"Very smooth for full strength, will be buying more."
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,well worth it,"Another gem to aj's already huge library, try a five pack and you'll agree will the rest of these review, a amazing cigar to add to you rotation"
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,A winner,Just came back from Cigarfest and grabbed my first new cigar today. It's very smooth and at the same time flavorful. I'll definitely buy these.
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,AJ Fernandez Enclave; Homerun,"The Enclave is a great stick at the pricepoint. Plenty of flavor, consistent construction, and easily was added to my go to list."
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,Enclave,This cigar has become one of my favorites. Lots of smoke and good flavor.
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,Another Aj Classic is born,Love everything about this cigar from its label to the construction !!A+
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,Enclave is a stand alone amongst many others,"The dictionary describes Enclave as an area with people who are different in some way from the people in the areas around it. This is a cigar that lives up to its meaning. I see this cigar as a stand-out over and above the crowded cigars of our industry. Bellows of smoke from first light, then a little spicy, and then to a smooth finish. Definitely my go to cigar."
AJ Fernandez Enclave,3 out of 5,"Not a big Churchill fan,","Not a big Churchill fan, but enclave flavor and aroma among the best"
AJ Fernandez Enclave Broadleaf,5 out of 5,Good stick,I was surprised that the Enclave was offered with a darker wrapper! One of my favorites.
AJ Fernandez Enclave Broadleaf,5 out of 5,Awesome cigar. Worth the money.,Awesome cigar. Worth the money.
AJ Fernandez Enclave Broadleaf,5 out of 5,Anything AJ!,I can't really tell or taste CI's description of any cigar. I just know I get consistency out of any AJ blend...I always get some pepper/spice with hints of cream....and always good with a tequila resposado! AJ always wins
AJ Fernandez Enclave Broadleaf,5 out of 5,Excellent quality cigar,This is one of my favorite new cigars I have tried. It’s excellent and I revommend you try it too.
AJ Fernandez Enclave Broadleaf,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,I truly enjoy this cigar. Great taste and not too spicy.
AJ Fernandez Enclave Broadleaf,5 out of 5,Great,I think this is a great tasting cigar. It is full of flavor throughout the whole stick.
AJ Fernandez Enclave Broadleaf,5 out of 5,romantic aromatic,One of my favorites:strong and mild both at the same time. And with taste.
AJ Fernandez Enclave Broadleaf,5 out of 5,I think Aj has done it again!!!,This Delicious Dark Rich and Spicy stick will forever remain in my humidor. I absolutely recommend anyone who love full body full flavored cigars than this is a must try!!!
AJ Fernandez La Gran Llave Connecticut,5 out of 5,Top Notch,"I have been smoking for years and I love to try different blends. I have tried to many to count. I came across these a few months ago and I have to say that if I had to pick one, this would be it. Perfect draw, construction and so smooth. I highly recommend these and I find myself going back for more. Great stick!!!"
AJ Fernandez La Gran Llave Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,This is one of the best Connecticuts I've had in awhile. A solid medium to medium full profile with lots of spice and flavor. Burn and construction was perfect. Will definitely buy more.
AJ Fernandez La Gran Llave Maduro,4 out of 5,Nice smoke,a little strong in the beginning but mellowed right out. Very nice .
AJ Fernandez La Gran Llave Maduro,5 out of 5,First time I ordered them,First time I ordered them I think they’re good smoke
AJ Fernandez La Gran Llave Maduro,4 out of 5,Not bad.,Not bad.
AJ Fernandez La Gran Llave Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
AJ Fernandez La Gran Llave Maduro,5 out of 5,A pleasure. Burn may be,A pleasure. Burn may be fair.
AJ Fernandez La Gran Llave Maduro,4 out of 5,Solid smoke,"This is a longer stick any I usually smoke, but I enjoyed it all the same. I have smoked the robusto before, and enjoyed it. This one by the end was a little too strong for me."
AJ Fernandez La Gran Llave Maduro,5 out of 5,A great smoke from beginning,A great smoke from beginning to end. Wonderful flavor
AJ Fernandez La Gran Llave Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,This may be one of my new favorite cigars! Nice full body burns excellent all the way through!
AJ Fernandez La Gran Llave Maduro,4 out of 5,Very solid dark cigar,Very nice complex dark Maduro. These burned well and tasted great for me.
AJ Fernandez La Gran Llave Maduro,5 out of 5,What a wonderful surprise,This smoke went directly into my top 5 of all time
AJ Fernandez La Gran Llave Maduro,4 out of 5,Perfect drag,I’d give this Cigars 5 Stars if the flavor was better.
AJ Fernandez La Gran Llave Maduro,4 out of 5,"I enjoyed them, little spice","I enjoyed them, little spice and smooth smoke 👍"
AJ Fernandez La Gran Llave Maduro,5 out of 5,Hooked by the 2nd or 3rd draw,"Very impressed... the 2nd or 3rd draw I looked down to double check what i was smoking because the flavor was so wonderful. Will definitely be buying this one again, give it a shot, you won't be disappointed."
AJ Fernandez La Gran Llave Maduro,5 out of 5,nospacebar,beststickyet
AJ Fernandez La Gran Llave Maduro,5 out of 5,Can't say enough good things! (Don't read this if you set the prices for this cigar!),"Some of my favorite cigars are under the direction of A.J. Fernandez. The extra corona is the perfect sized smoke for walks around the neighborhood or driving across town. I have sampled all the sizes. My second favorite is the double corona. If you are at a BBQ or out for a long hike you have plenty of time with the double. an hour pulse! you get some clear transitions with the larger sizes but all are well constructed with great complex flavors. You don't have to baby these cigars they burn straight, cool, and long no matter what you are doing. I would almost go as far to say that, at there current price, they are undervalued. (cover your ears CI pricing department!)"
AJ Fernandez La Gran Llave Maduro,4 out of 5,Pretty good,I was expecting it to be a bit stronger but it was still an enjoyable smoke. The retrohale was very smooth and easy on the sinuses. There was no variation between the thirds but it didn't take away from the enjoyment.
AJ Fernandez Last Call,5 out of 5,New Favorite,"This cigar by AJ Fernandez is delicious from the first pull to the last. Excellent price, Thanks C&I!"
AJ Fernandez Last Call,4 out of 5,Great quick smoke,AJ Fernandez never disappoints
AJ Fernandez Last Call,5 out of 5,One of the better cigars,"The ""last call cigars""are a BIG SURPRISE, IT HAS A TOOTHY FLAVOR THAT WAS EXTREMELY PLEASENT. START TO FINISH WILL PLEASE THE MOST DESCERING SMOKER. A PLUS IS MY WIFE TELLS ME THEY ""DO NOT SMELL BAD"" .THET DRAW WELL, BURN IS EVEN, JUST A MUST TO HAVE IN YOUR COLLECTION. MAX OF TEAS"
AJ Fernandez Last Call Maduro,4 out of 5,"Great smoke! Good flavor, and","Great smoke! Good flavor, and for the price you can’t beat them"
AJ Fernandez Last Call Maduro,5 out of 5,Little Smoke Big Flavor!!!,These little smokes never disappoint. AJ knocked it out of the park. Throw some in the humidor for a quick smoke. The Pennsylvania Broadleaf is amazing!!!
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,great cigar,"AJ never disappoints, always a great smoke"
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,AJ New World Box Worthy,"Great Smoke, one of my go to cigar in my humidors."
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,My go to,My go to
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,Best cigars at the right price,Excellent service. Easy ordering. Delivery as fast as you want it
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,just the right flavor and,just the right flavor and strength for a bold stick.
AJ Fernandez New World,4 out of 5,"First time, did not dissapoint.","A little peppery/spicey for my taste, but the cigar is still grand, high quality."
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,We have a winner here,"Rich and spicy with a nice long finish. High points for draw, burn and construction. A no-brainer at this price."
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,Amazing Cigars,This is top 3 cigar for me. Just a superbly balanced smoke that has everything I’m looking for. These sticks are by far the most value you can get in a hand-rolled cigar.
AJ Fernandez New World,4 out of 5,A Fine Smoke,"This is a very good medium to full body cigar, I had an issue with the burn on one of the sticks. Other sticks have been fine though. The wrapper gives a strong aroma and delivers a good flavor throughout."
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,Excellent service,Thank you so much. You have a new customer
AJ Fernandez New World,4 out of 5,New World,"this is an outstanding cigar, the only reason for the 4 rating i had to make a minor touch up to the burn. no doubt the cap on this stick is the best i've ever smoked, moderately thick and crisp to the punch, stayed in place to the nub. personal rating 4.9!! thanx AJ"
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,"Tasty, well balanced. But I","Tasty, well balanced. But I believe that they could be cheaper if they didn't spend the money on putting the ribbons on the cigs"
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,Best cigar I have ever smoked,The blend is perfect the strength just right the taste very good worth every penny.
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,New World,Another fantastic blend by AJ Fernandez
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,Amazing Cigar,This is absolutely one of my favorite cigars. I am a daily smoker and this nails it for me. Great draw and very tasty.
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,God cigar,God cigar
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,AJ,This is a great cigar at and unbelievable price point! Full bodied yet smooth with great construction! Perfect draw and razor sharp burn line.
AJ Fernandez New World,4 out of 5,Perfect for a daily smoke.,"One of THE BEST cigars at this price. Consistently good burn, construction and flavor. Beautiful dark wrapperand always very smooth. Have not had a bad one yet!👍👍"
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,Great cigar and a great price,If you are looking for a med-full bodied cigar this is your ticket. Great smoke through and through. Awesome price point. Cant go wrong with an AJ
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,Excellent Smoke!,Bought 2 boxes. Very consistent. Even burn. Good flavor for the price point.
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,e,good
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,new world,very nice cigar smooth all the way through no let down wish I had bought two boxes will buy again
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,Quality smoke,Although I just started getting serious into cigars 3 years ago. This is my go to cigar for quality and reliability. Never have I ever had a new world cigar of poor quality. Very good medium to full smoke and well presented.
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,New World is a winner!,"I put these babies to rest for 4 months before smoking my first one. This is a wonderfully constructed, even burning, medium/full flavored cigar. This is now one of my top 3 cigars. Hard to go wrong with AJ Fernandez New World."
AJ Fernandez New World,4 out of 5,AJ awesome,It's a good smoke but I wish it was a 60.
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,My favorite AJ Fernández cigar,"I bought a box of Toro 6.5 x 55 at CI. I been smoking the following AJ Fernández cigars; H.Upmann AJ Fernández, San Lotano Réquiem, New World Puro Especial, Ramón Allones and Bellas Artes. This New World Toro is my favorite AJ Fernández cigar. Ramón Allones is consider the best of AJ Fernández by many people In the cigar business and of course is a wonderful cigar that I love. But these New World Toro are in the same Superb Podium of Arturo Fuente
Añejo and Don Carlos, Padrón 1964 Anniversary, Ernesto Pérez Carrillo La Historia and Encore, All the line of Ashton cigars brand. These New World cigars are just that great."
AJ Fernandez New World,4 out of 5,Decent smoke,"Nice smoke, nothing special, good for its price I guess."
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,Great tasting.,Great tasting cigar. Would buy it again.
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,The Best!!!,"Smooth from beginning to end. Every time I smoke this beautiful stick, I never want it to end. A complete cigar!!!!"
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,A favorite,"Both of my sons consider this a favorite smoke, as do I."
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,Great cigar. Can’t wait to get more.,Top Five on my List.
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,"AJ Fernandez, the most consistent blender","Any of the premium blends by AJ Fernandez, like New World, are all smokes that I would always rate 5 stars because they are always so consistently well made and suit my palate to a T. New World compares favorably to San Lotano, La Herencia, Man o War and my favorite Diesel, Rage. I’ve never had a bad AJF blended cigar."
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,Amazing,This is one incredible cigar!
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,My favorite everyday,No cigar better at this price point. I always pick up at least one when I’m at the cigar shop.
AJ Fernandez New World,4 out of 5,Good Cigar!,Really good cigar with an open draw and little spice. Very well made.
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,You can never go wrong!,You can never go wrong!
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,Great smoke at a great price,This is one of my go to sticks. Well balanced and flavorful a masterpiece by AJ.
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,Great cigar one of the best out there.,"One of the best cigars out there, it has great draw and burns evenly. Great blend of flavors and for the price can't beat it. I Smoke a lot of cigars and tried many different ones but always come back to this one hands down one of the best out there and always have these in the humidor."
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,New world,Very tasty
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,Good hearty smoke love the,Good hearty smoke love the Chunk
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,Great Full Bodied Cigar,"Great Cigar, full bodied. Really smooth relaxing. Wonderful flavor great for everyday or weekend smoke. I'm really impressed. This was not my first time purchasing this brand. I must say it will not be the last time purchasing!! I would recommend this cigar to those that want a full bodied cigar."
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,This is my top 3 cigars if not number one. AJ is right on with this one as usual. Perfect blend of flavors. Not into the nuances of each flavors but I know the flavor of great and it has it.
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,NEW SURPRISE,I recently purchased....these DANDIES! Wow..... never had had them before---- they were way beyond expectations! I will be reordering.......for sure!
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,Tasty Cigar.,"One of top three of all time. I only started in February and have many more to try, but this cigar is extremely tadty."
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,AJ Fernandez New World Virrey (gordo),"Absolutely, unequivocally my favorite cigar right now; I bought 3 boxes in one week earlier this month! This cigar checks off all the boxes in what I look for in a smoke. Lots of spice, a long finish, and that rich Nicaraguan flavor profile that AJ has simply mastered. Oh yeah, and at somewhere around 5 or 6 bucks a stick I can burn one as often as I want and still pay the mortgage. If you haven't tried this one yet and you enjoy a rich, flavorful cigar that won't break the bank you really owe it to yourself to try it.
As a side note, this blend really shines for me in the Virrey (gordo) size. The Toro is good, but I get more out of this vitola."
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,"A,J. Fernandes New World Robusto live up to the hype. It's a gem!","This is now my favorite cigar! Impeccable construction, excellent draw and even burn. The A.J. Fernandez New World has a medium full flavor profile that is rich from beginning to end."
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,Tops for Me.,"So far, my top fav. cigar. I still have a lot to learn and many sticks to try, but so far it was the most flavorful I’ve Enjoyed. 😎"
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar!,"I Prefer a round cigar as opposed to a square boxed pressed. That said, This stick was pure Joy from beginning to the end. Flavor, Burn, Texture. Pure Joy!"
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,A Big Fan.,Thus is another of my fav. Cigars. Luv’em.
AJ Fernandez New World Cameroon,5 out of 5,They are excellent cigars,They are excellent cigars
AJ Fernandez New World Cameroon,5 out of 5,Very good smoke,Very good smoke
AJ Fernandez New World Cameroon,5 out of 5,great cigar,i love AJ's cigars usually on the darker side but this one is nice and smooth and is the right strength .i will definitely buy again
AJ Fernandez New World Cameroon,5 out of 5,One of my favorites,I always know from the cold draw that I am about to enjoy effortless pleasure with the AJ new world. A relaxing full bodied experience at a reasonable price. Big fan of boxed pressed.
AJ Fernandez New World Cameroon,5 out of 5,One of my favorites,I always know from the cold draw that I am about to enjoy effortless pleasure with the AJ new world. A relaxing full bodied experience at a reasonable price. Big fan of boxed pressed.
AJ Fernandez New World Cameroon,4 out of 5,Another AJ hit,"I’ve yet to try a bad AJ cigar. This is no exception. Dittos on the flavors by the other guys. Well constructed with a nice draw.
Works well with the Courvoisier VS cognac I’m sipping. Try one, I think you’ll like it !"
AJ Fernandez New World Cameroon,4 out of 5,Love this cigar,Terrific cigar! Love the fullness and flavor. Has a great burn all of he way to get through!
AJ Fernandez New World Cameroon,5 out of 5,AJ's finest,"Beautiful Cameroon cigar well worth the
price, must-try!"
AJ Fernandez New World Cameroon,5 out of 5,Great cigar for the price!!,"It was comparing it with Montecristo white, I might rate it little lower but not much. But for this price, I can’t find a fault. It’s smooth with a hint of pepper. The best part is the draw on this cigar. It’s so easy!!"
AJ Fernandez New World Cameroon,4 out of 5,Fine Cigar,"Enjoyed the cigar very much, even though i'm not a fan of boxed pressed cigars"
AJ Fernandez New World Cameroon,5 out of 5,My new go to cameroon.,"Cedar, caramel and cinnamon sweetness. Towards the end, the pepper kicks in quite a bit, but not so overpowering, that it's a problem and the caramel cedar balances it out.
And the price is very reasonable.
For me, this one hits everything for a cameroon fan.
#CIMonteGiveaway"
AJ Fernandez New World Cameroon,5 out of 5,Outstanding,I have to take my hat off to my man AJ Fernandez. What a great cigar. Medium bodied with sweet carmel like flavors and a touch of spice. Simply delicious!!! Will definitely keep filling my humidor with these.
AJ Fernandez New World Cameroon,5 out of 5,A Wonderful Cameroon,Over the years I've found that I have a strong preference for Nicaraguan tobacco in cigars with Cameroon wrappers. This new offering from AJ Fernandez is an outstanding example of that combination. Highly recommended.
AJ Fernandez New World Cameroon,3 out of 5,Try at least once...,"Just “ok”- decent smoke but ash was everywhere, hon of glue on cap and crackssss in the wrapper- so construction issues."
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,4 out of 5,Solud smoke,These are very creamy and easy to smoke. Highly recommend. Good work AJ
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,Smooth,"This is a perfect smoke. It is smooth, fresh and ready to smoke. A great cigar!"
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,Very happy,Very happy
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,new world connecticut,one word excellent
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good mid range flavor stick,Good mid range flavor stick.
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,Another great stick from AJ!!,"After having 4 of the New World robusto sticks, I have to say that I am pleasantly surprised and more than satisfied with my purchase. Perfect burn and nice construction. I'm usually more of a full bodied smoker, but this was very satisfying for a ""lighter"" smoke. Flavor profile has some pepper on the first and last third, creamy smoke with cedar, hay and honey alternating throughout. I paired it with 3 fingers of Buffalo Trace with a few drops of Wild Turkey Honey bourbon. Perfect Christmas Day nightcap!"
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,Possibly my fav smoke right now,"Smoked many new world originals...after smoking 15 or so Conn I have come to love the Conn more than the original...
It has great subtle flavors and is not one dimensional like one might expect.... possibly my fav cigar right now"
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,4 out of 5,Likes them. But doesn’t love,Likes them. But doesn’t love them. Thanks!!
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,4 out of 5,Mr. BMW,This is a very good slow burner. Mild to medium cigar. Will purchase again
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,4 out of 5,Nice cigar,Like the robustos better
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,Best Connecticut there is.,"My favorite go to stick, medium bodied with a heavy flavorful smoke. If you like Connecticuts this is a must have."
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,New World Connecticut,Great smoke. Good with a morning cup of coffee.
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,Amazing smoke to the end...,Great and smooth cigar for a Connecticut with a medium feel. Definitely recommend it. Even draw and great quality control on every cigar.
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,4 out of 5,Tryed New World,Very nice stick. I will be buying more
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,2 out of 5,Will not be buying more...,"Bad construction to say the least. A.J. showed spank is son for making this cigar. Taste was okay, pretty bland though, and I just wanted to throw it out."
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,Good cigar - good price,Excellent service
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,AJ New World Connecticut,This is my favorite cigar. I don’t get tired of smoking them. I haven’t smoked one that I would rate below 5 stars.
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,Easy smoke,"Easy anytime cigar , relax , and enjoy"
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,My New World ‘Go To’!,I’m a casual cigar smoker and The New World Connecticut by A. J. Fernandez is my ‘Go To’ cigar. It’s smooooth smoky caramels blends well while sipping any bourbons. The aroma attracts other smokers to wondering what I’m smoking. Wonderful smoke for mild flavored stogie enthusiasts.
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,Smooth cigar,"I’m new to the cigar world and sampled a New World Connecticut with my son. I found the smoke to be smooth and mild with. Wet little after taste. That was enough for me to delve into the cigar world, ordering a box of AJF new world Connecticut Robusto along with a humidor and accesessories. Very good smoke!"
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great smoke,I'm not a cigar aficionado but I really enjoy the New World Connecticut Robusto. It stayed lit to the very end and was an easy draw and no after taste.
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great cigar,This is an excellent cigar to relax with. Pairs well with a cup of coffee or a light drink. Great taste.
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,My new favorite,Pretty new to cigars - mainly into mild-medium stuff. I had recently enjoyed the rocky patel connecticut '99 and asked my B&M for a recommendation that was just a hair stronger. They suggested the New World Connecticut; it's my new go to. It's the first cigar that I actually enjoyed the final 1/3 the most - Didn't want it to in. Will be buying a box soon!
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,3 out of 5,Not my Favorite,This cigar was a disappointment for me.
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,from the Land of something or other Habits,Satisfied. Who knew the land of steady habits could produce a decent cigar? Sweet but not indigestive.
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,A PERFECT SMOKE!,"A beautifully constructed cigar masterpiece. A.J. has done it again. It's smooth, flavorful, and extrudes abundant plumes of aromatic smoke. starts out mild, builds up to a healthy medium in strength. I gotta say, this cigar looks so good, I almost hated to smoke it. But, it would be stupid not to. I saw that someone had a problem with theirs. So, I dry-boxed them for 3 day. Then let them rest in the humidor for 4 weeks. Every single one was just as good as the others. Guys, cigars have to be nurtured, taken care of properly. Stored properly, etc. I've been smoking them for 46 years now. I know what I'm talking about."
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,Jeff,New World is one of those cigars that I always have on hand. They are an enjoyable smoke and I would recommend to everyone
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,2 out of 5,a little dissapointing,"I am a fan of mild to medium cigars and I had high expectations for the New World Connecticut because I am familiar with the AJ Fernandez brand and their reputation for quality. This cigar starts off well... it is handsome and well constructed. I like the silk wrapping at the foot and it even delivers a nice cold draw. That quality continues in that the cigar burns even and has a nice draw. The problem comes down to taste. It starts out a little flat and by the time you are half way in, its all ammonia'ed up. I've smoked three of these guys, all with the same experience. CI has some much better offerings in this category."
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,Good cigar for cheap,The best light cigar I have smoked. Is my favorite and has good taste throughout the entire cigar
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,4 out of 5,Very Nice,"Well rounded light smoke, with lots of flavor and texture"
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,Amazing,New cigar smoker here. I just finished this wonderful cigar with a glass of Johnny Walker Black after a long work week. One of the most interesting cigars I've had the opportunity to enjoy. Very smooth and creamy. Will be ordering a box very soon.
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,4 out of 5,Enjoyable,Good cigar
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,New World Connecticut,Awesome smoke that is full of flavor.
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,Really Good!,Very tasty and great price! Will order more of these!
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,Exceeded expectations,"Great smoke. This is coming from someone new to the cigar world. I purchased a box of 20 rubustos on a whim and I am so glad I did. Excellent flavor, even with it being a milder cigar. Life just seems better when you've got a piece of artwork like this in your hand."
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,Awesome stogies,Cigars are top notch came in with enough time and in great shape
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,New World Connecticut A Big Winner,"Regardless of the varied people gathered at a cigar club like ours, it seems to be a consensus that New World Connecticuts are an all around winner. Smooth and full of flavor, I have yet to meet a single person that didn't like this stick. In fact we have been giving them to our new members as a welcome aboard gift, enjoy your smoke Sir!"
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,Outstanding From Start to Finish!,Outstanding from start to finish. Make no mistake - this stick is mild but packs a nice mixture of creamy and peppery flavors. Tasty with a nice finish. Well done AJ!
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,4 out of 5,New world Conn,Arrived in good condition and in good time.
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,WOW,Excellent smoke!!!! AJ Fernandez always amazes me.
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,4 out of 5,Tony Delveccio,"I loved the New World when it won 2014 cigar of the year, so I had to try the Connecticut. The Connecticut is, as expected, a much milder stick. But it's performance was spot on. Perfect draw, razor sharp burn, with tons of smoke output. Smooth, creamy, nutty flavor stayed consistent right down to the nub. A great smoke if you're looking for something light."
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,a very good smoke,from the first one I tried I enjoyed every puff.
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,New World,"An exquisite smoke. Well balanced between rich,smooth and mild. Wonderful aroma"
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,Jim from olimpia,Great smoke.
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,This cigar is smooth and has good flavors and burns good.
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,4 out of 5,Always a good smoke,"The New World's are quite simply a very good, reasonably priced cigar."
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,4 out of 5,Incredible- and I usually don't even like connecticuts.,"I'm going to preface this by stating that I have never been a fan of Connecticuts. I try everything, and I jumped at the chance to smoke this one, as I am a ridonkulousky huuuge fan of AJ's smokes.
This is the most enjoyable Connecticut I've ever smoked, and I did enjoy it... very nice flavor, excellent razor sharp burn, no touch ups or relights... an excellent cigar all around. If you are into this type of cigar, you will absolutely love it.
With that being said, Im going to stick with the original New World... but I can't find any fault with this one."
AJ Fernandez New World Puro Especial,5 out of 5,Heavenly,"Just tried my first after 4 weeks in the humi, and its got Wow factor. Beautiful craftsmanship, burns and draws well, has a light chocolate and licorice profile, and totally smooth throughout. While rated as a medium strength, the smoothness cloaks the power of this beauty. Just heavenly, glad I got them, and will again."
AJ Fernandez New World Puro Especial,5 out of 5,New World Puro Especial Delivers!,"An absolutely wonderful cigar
The AJ Fernandez New World Puro Especial is an absolute gem! Excellent construction, burn and draw. It has a medium to medium/full flavor profile with notes of caramel, chocolate with a slightly sweet finish. Every manufacturer hypes their cigars; AJ Fernandes delivers!"
AJ Fernandez New World Puro Especial,4 out of 5,"New World, good world.","These taste good, really good tobacco. First class roll, draw and burn. Definitely AJ Fernández cigars are a serious thing in the tobacco business."
AJ Fernandez New World Puro Especial,5 out of 5,"FDC, WAIALUA, HI","Great medium body, nice burn. Took a chance and found a WINNER! Many AJs are more bold, not this one."
AJ Fernandez New World Puro Especial,5 out of 5,Let Them Sleep,"Tried these a little fresh and thought, “meh”. Then i let them sleep some months. Wow! What a great cigar now! The sleep did some wonders with this cigar. Didn’t want it to end as I smoked down to the nub."
AJ Fernandez New World Puro Especial,5 out of 5,Very good,Very good
AJ Fernandez New World Puro Especial,4 out of 5,Not the great flavor of,Not the great flavor of the New World but another fine blend from a master blender
AJ Fernandez New World Puro Especial,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,This is a delicious medium body cigar that is perfect in draw and burn. Smooth tasting and worth enjoying.
AJ Fernandez New World Puro Especial,5 out of 5,Awesome cigar,This is a great stick and one of my favorites from AJ Fernandez.
AJ Fernandez New World Puro Especial,4 out of 5,Good Puro,Good Puro
AJ Fernandez New World Puro Especial,5 out of 5,New World Puro Especial by AJ Fernandez Robusto,Great smoke and full of flavors. would recommend to anyone.
AJ Fernandez New World Puro Especial,5 out of 5,Old school,I had been searching for a cigar that had an aroma that was buried somewhere in my memory. I can only describe it as THE smell of a cigar. Finally found it. Construction is top notch. Flavors are excellent.
AJ Fernandez New World Puro Especial,4 out of 5,Four out of 5,"Smoked five, four had great draw and perfect burn. Great smoke and flavor. The other one, not so much hence the 4 star rating! Already ordered more"
AJ Fernandez New World Puro Especial,5 out of 5,How to write about a good cigar,"Good beginning, good finish, has taste which you can recognize if you smoked lesser quality cigars. Won’t say it’s nutty or woody like a wine “connoisseur, but leaves you with the satisfaction and fulfillment it creates."
AJ Fernandez New World Puro Especial,5 out of 5,Great,This is a great smoke
AJ Fernandez Ramon Allones,5 out of 5,Jackson 4.75,"Great cigar, but I needed to give it a full cut as my 9mm punch wasn't giving me the draw I prefer. I have a question about the 'Habano Corojo' terms used in its description. Doesn't Habano mean all the tobacco of the cigar comes from Cuba? Corojo is no longer grown, right? It doesn't matter, just curious...it's great cigar and I'll remember this one as one to keep a stock of!"
AJ Fernandez Ramon Allones,5 out of 5,Best AJ ever,"How does AJ do it? Don't really know, but he does, and with Ramon Allones he's created his best blend ever. As a huge fan I've rated his Romeo y Julieta, New World, Diesel Heart of Darkness, San Lotano and Monte all 5 stars; this one tops them all. And yes it's even better than his new Dias de Gloria which is REALLY good too! Aroma, draw, great taste throughout. A cigar smoker should ALWAYS have some of AJ's Ramon Allones in his/her humidor."
AJ Fernandez Ramon Allones,5 out of 5,Extremely good smokes.,"I bought a box of Churchill 7 x 50 at CI. Years ago I used to smoke Ramón Allones cigars when they were made at the Dominican Republic by General Cigar; Cameroon wrapper, Mexican binder, Dominican, Mexican and Jamaica filler(I checked out with two of my cigars books; The world encyclopedia of cigars by Julian Holland and The cigar companion by Anwer Bati and Simon Chase). This AJ Fernández Ramón Allones is a different kind of cigar, this is a super premium cigar. A mesmerizing intimate experience follow when you light up one of these AJ Ramón Allones Churchill."
AJ Fernandez Ramon Allones,5 out of 5,Best AJ yet,"Nothing else to say other than the fact that if you love anything AJ, you will love this smoke. this is on top of the list."
AJ Fernandez Ramon Allones,5 out of 5,A.J. Fernández,Top of the Line smoke best collaboration by AJ Fernandez hands down
AJ Fernandez Ramon Allones,5 out of 5,Perfecto!,"This stick has everything right. Perfect burn down to the last third, stong and flavorful, and a slow burner. Probably his best release to date. I didn't care for some of this other collaborations, but this is spot on! I'll definitely add these into the rotation!"
AJ Fernandez Ramon Allones,5 out of 5,Ramon allones,Amazing cigar full of flavor
AJ Fernandez Ramon Allones,5 out of 5,Fabulous Cigar!,"This is a fabulous stick. Starts out peppery, but then seems to mellow out a little on the back half. Well constructed with an almost perfect draw. One of the best AJ’s that I have smoked."
AJ Fernandez Rosa de Guadalupe,5 out of 5,outstanding,outstanding
AJ Fernandez Rosa de Guadalupe,4 out of 5,Will be buying more!,Will be buying more!
AJ Fernandez Rosa de Guadalupe,5 out of 5,Another great one from AJ,Tasty taste
AJ Fernandez Rosa de Guadalupe,4 out of 5,A friend,"Forget what you know about judgment. About ratings. About flavor profiles. This cigar is an old friend. I lit mine with both beer and and straight bourbon and found a good conversation within all 3. From it's light airy greetings to its fuller in depth richness, this smoke earned my respect.
It's a cigar made exceptionally well from all the right leaves. Its smokes like one. Tobacco in all its sweetness. Straight forward. Unpresumptiuous. The gordo held true. Holding court and occasionally holding back to accompany others. This is a good cigar. I would welcome it back around my fire anytime."
AJ Fernandez Rosa de Guadalupe,5 out of 5,Another Hit by AJ,"What a wonderful cigar, nothing crazy, not a Sunday cigar, just another hit from AJ, smoked a bunch now really consistent, nice spice , loads of smoke, if you’re out fishing, mowing the lawn, or just hanging it’s a great easy smoke. Try it you won’t be disappointed."
AJ Fernandez Rosa de Guadalupe,4 out of 5,Better with time,"bought these because most of AJ""s blends are fantastic,tried one after about four days of rest and almost regretted buying them,let them sit for another three or four weeks and tried again and man what a difference that made,easy draw strait burn line, medium bodied with flavors of earth and charred leather and i'm sure there""s more to come with a little extra time,it""s worth the wait"
AJ Fernandez Rosa de Guadalupe,4 out of 5,Another winner from AJ,"Another smooth and tasty line from A.J.
You never can go wrong...enjoyed 2 of them and this weekend will have another.....great smoke output and flavor."
AJ Fernandez Rosa de Guadalupe,4 out of 5,Nice cigar,"Ajs latest is very good, burns nice, tastes good. would buy again."
AJ Fernandez Rosa de Guadalupe,4 out of 5,Pleasantly Surprised!,Another winner from AJ... This guy makes the best blends ever.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,San Lotano Madura,"My first San Lotano came in a CI Sampler of AJ Fernandez labels. It was an outstanding cigar then and now.
If they ever tell me I have 60 days to live, I plan to order 60 San Lotanos to enjoy on my way out."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,One of the greats!,I fell in love with this 10 years ago when I first started smoking cigars. I still have yet to find another one to replace this one as my favorite!
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,Smoking good deal!!,"Out t of the 10-12 different cigars I regularly smoke.
These are my favorite !!!"
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,3 out of 5,San Lotano Oval,I had high expectations of this cigar as I saw a Youtube review of a San Lotano and had never smoked one. The presentation and construction of the cigar itself is perfect the issue I have is the cigar smokes very dry with an earth somewhat herbal taste. Very strong cigar without any complex flavors. For the price I think there are more enjoyable cigars to chose from. This cigar is for the experienced smoker as I occasionally had to lay down a little while to recover and I smoke a cigar daily.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,Celebrating a special evening with friends!,"Anything from the AJ factory is spectacular but for me the San Lotano stick is special. Oval in design , it is a good, even smoke , great feel in your hand , and always smooth to the finish. They are a real value compared to the more expensive brands out of Estelle. A special treat, not your every day smoke for sure."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,Best smoke I've ever had!,"There are many cigars I like, but only one I love. The San Lotano Oval Gordo would be my choice if I had to only smoke one cigar for the rest of my life. It's as close to perfection as I can imagine. Perfect Burn and draw, outstanding in every respect. Kudos AJ."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,San Lotano Oval Gordo,"Many reviewers have a cigar pallet that allows them to discern flavors and textures in various cigars. I do not have that talent. I do, however, know when a cigar is acceptable, better than normal or outstanding based purely on the stick I am enjoying at the moment. San Lotano Oval Gordo fits the ""outstanding"" category. Best way to describe this smoke is delicious. Full bodied flavor that hits all the right notes for one of my favorite cigars. Besides, A.J. Fernandez is my hero - I've never had a bad cigar from that shop."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,San lotano oval by AJ Fernandez,Beautifully constructed delicious smoke
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,good cigar,very good cigar
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,4 out of 5,Good smoke,I would recommend
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,very well made,very well made
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,4 out of 5,Oval,Friend gave me one a month ago and had to get a box. After first cigar I realized that I needed to let them age a bit
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,My favorite premium cigar!,"My favorite premium cigar! Love the oval, box-pressed shape. Good burn, Good taste."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,4 out of 5,Could become a regular,I took a bit of a gamble buying a box of these because the price was so good and I was really glad I did. This is a smooth medium cigar that produces good smoke and has a reasonable draw. If only I had a bigger humidor to take advantage of the great pricing.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,4 out of 5,Good smoke; little pricey!,Good smoke; little pricey!
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,4 out of 5,Really good smoke,Perfect size and a great burn.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,Armada salomons,Really special cigar!
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,Always a great cigar. AJ,Always a great cigar. AJ takes pride in every cigar he produces.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,Top of the non-food chain,"First-rate, perfect finish down to the nub."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,My new favorite,very pleasing cigar a little nutty a little spicy but with just the right taste for the perfect smoke these are a must have for everyone’s humidor
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,One of the Best,One of the best cigars on the planet earth. It is awesome and in my top 3 go to favorite cigars.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,3 out of 5,"Full, harsh, dry.","First off, I love AJ Fernandez' cigars. I recently replenished my humidors with several hundred dollars worth of cigars, including 2 boxes of San Lotano Oval Robusto. I loved these cigars when I smoked them around 2010-2012, so I was excited to try the new batch. I lit one upon receipt and it was a harsh, dry smoke, full somewhat bitter leathery flavor. I let them rest for 3 humidor days and fired up another one. Still harsh, leathery, a little bitter and dry, and I wondered where the spices went. I wait a week, same result. I am sad because I do not recall these cigars to be much better years ago. Maybe my taste buds have changed. But now I have a lot of golf cigars to share."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,San lotano oval.,As smooth as it gets with a ton of flavor. I only wish they were cheaper. Absolutely one of my favorites.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"Never had a bad aj fernandez cigar,wish all cigars were made to the standard of his"
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,Wonderful Smoke!!,"This cigar is a beauty. The construction is flawless, the flavors are intense, and I can't put it down. One of the top cigars I've smoked all year. Highly recommended... DR"
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,4 out of 5,San Lotano,"Pleasantly surprised by this cigar, nice burn, easy draw, and very flavorful all the way through."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Nice draw great smoke with single malt scotch
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,4 out of 5,Coastal musings,"As with all AJ upper offerings the San Lotano has high end construction and perfect draw. The flavor profile is smooth and strength is sophisticated in that it is not st all harsh or rough.
Worth the money which is difficult to say for a large number of sticks in the market!"
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,"A.J.Fernandez, premium cigar blends","The San Lotano ovals are smooth, flavorful and the oval shape makes them easy to handle.
Great cigar to relax with."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,Great sticks,"Great sticks, smoke billows, taste is well above par, construction flawless. What else is there to say?"
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,San Lotano - One of the Best Cigars,"The first San Lotanos I tried came as a part of an A.J.Fernandez sampler pack. They were outstanding smokes, but expensive. On sale this month I couldn't resist."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,San Lantano Oval,Delightful from start to finish. This has been one of my favorites for years and never fails to please. Highly recommended!
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,San Latano Oval,"I've smoked these cigars for years, one of my favorite go to puffs. Med/ Full with plenty flavor."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,"Good smoke and burn. Nice shape, for the money one of my faves. Just ordered more"
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,4 out of 5,Yum,"Hearty, Earthy, smooth and full bodied satisfying smoke."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,San Latano Smokes,Really enjoyed every puff of this fine cigar.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,I'm not very good at,I'm not very good at describing the taste of cigars. I do know that I love this cigar. A.J. makes some really great smokes!
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,Wonderful,Wonderful
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,Fantastic smoke!,"I normally prefer full body cigars, but purchased a box of these toros after reading the reviews. Excellent smoke; beautifully constructed, perfect burn, and much more flavor than I expected. Delicious."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,Tasty smoke,"A very enjoyable cigar.
Cigar has a nice burn and flavor.
A nice hour smoke."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,San Latono Oval,"I am already a big fan of AJ Fernandez. And this cigar did not disappoint in any way. The cigar is very smooth and balanced, I have never had an oval-shaped cigar, but I truly enjoyed this shape, the draw was perfect. The flavor does not blow you away with complexity, but that is not a problem, it is very smooth and delicious, and a true joy to smoke! I will definitely be keeping an eye open for more great deals on this one!"
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great Short Smoke,Great Cigar - Highly recommend for a mild cigar
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Connecticut,4 out of 5,smooth,Nice smoke
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Connecticut,5 out of 5,Smooth tast even burn and,Smooth tast even burn and just the right size for 9 holes of golf.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Connecticut,5 out of 5,Wonderful smoke,Love this one. I compare any Connecticut smoke I get to this one. Smooth and flavorful. This is my top Connecticut cigar to have.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Connecticut,5 out of 5,Smooth good smelling,Smooth good smelling
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Connecticut,5 out of 5,San Lotano Connecticut 6.5 Toro,Nice long smoke. It has an easy draw and fine ash. Medium spicy smoke that grows a little stronger towards the end. I will be buying more of these.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Connecticut,5 out of 5,Squarepress? Oval's are New Kid on Block,"San Lotano oval shape are a really good smoke!
They draw super easy, I usually just punch the cap and I'm good to go. Nice and even burn throughout. Mild cigar to really kick back and enjoy. This is my first box I bought but it won't be my last! Thanks CI"
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Connecticut,4 out of 5,Pretty decent smoke,Gave it 4 stars because a couple burned uneven. Maybe box press cigars are common for that. Other than that the taste is great.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,Great smoke!
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Connecticut,4 out of 5,It’s a very mild cigar,It’s a very mild cigar with Wood mixed coffe flavor very sastifying everyday smoking. I recommending this cigar
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good smoke--a little pricey!,Good smoke--a little pricey!
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Connecticut,5 out of 5,A very well made and,A very well made and flavorful cagar
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Connecticut,3 out of 5,Ok,Ok
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Connecticut,4 out of 5,Go to cigar,"A great go to cigar for a relaxing evening on the patio with a drink in hand. Smooth with a great draw, stays lit without constant relighting."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Connecticut,4 out of 5,Smooth and light,nice burning cigar. smooth and consistent burn. lighter flavor for summer gin and tonics.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,5 out of 5,Great stick! Just buy!!!,"Amazing stick! I’m new to smoking only smoked about a 100 sticks but I can say this is my favorite. I’ve smoked Padron, dunbarton, drew estates, caldwells, etc.. and these still stand out. Bought a 5 pack on a whim and then bought a box. Some spice, chocolate, and coffee. I’m down to about 12 or so and will be sad when they are gone. Jump on these...especially if they are on sale!"
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,5 out of 5,Very nice cigar,Very nice cigar
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,5 out of 5,San lotano oval,"Very nice smoke, well constructed good taste"
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,5 out of 5,San Lotano,Great cigar
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,5 out of 5,San lot another oval,Great!!! Nothing to say but great
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,5 out of 5,Starts slow then blossoms.,"Really good cigar. Get an Oliva V feel out of it....which is great. Upon lighting I get sort of a plain jane tobacco aroma and taste on the palate. Nothing bad but nothing special. About half to 3/4 inch in, this cigar blossoms with toastiness, some nuts and a good bit of cocoa powder. Remains that way down to the nub. Delicious!"
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,5 out of 5,Not Your Mom’s Maduro,Another great cigar from AJ. It’s a little different from the normal Maduro. If you’re looking for the normal sweetness this offers a little different flavors. Definitely recommend.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,5 out of 5,Love this one,Wonderful flavor with a nice draw. Don’t have any complaints and will reorder.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,5 out of 5,AJ’s Great Again!,What a great cigar! I usually try to let them sit for awhile but had to try this ROTT as I’ve not had before. AJ again nailed it! Sweet but yet some spice. Can’t wait to smoke after some time in the humidor. Give them a try!
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,5 out of 5,Hope for the continuance of the original.,This is excellent. What is excellent is a sweet start and finish and an unbelievable taste.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,4 out of 5,Like a Fine Wine,It’s meant to be sipped & savoured
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,4 out of 5,"An okay cigar, but a","An okay cigar, but a lot better brands available"
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,5 out of 5,san lotano maduro,This is a great cigar .long burning. Easy draw full of spice and a good balance of strength and flavor.I would definitely buy it again. Roger G
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,5 out of 5,Maduro smoker,This cigar burns nice and slow with gobs of smoke! No relight necessary and flavors are just what I want. I am starting to realize AJ Fernandez is a cigar genius!
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,3 out of 5,Jackpot,With this deal l feel l hit the jackpot and laugh all the way to the bank.....
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,5 out of 5,"Silky, mellow and full of flavor","Some cigars are full of flavor but have a harsh back of the nose or throat smoke. These have none of that. First draw was all fresh cut wood; cedar, cherry and oak. Second was leather and oak. Third had coffee and pepper. Halfway through, a grapefruit citrus flavor was on the lips. Hints of chocolate and black pepper throughout. After a month in the tupperdore, it had a perfect easy draw and a relatively even burn. This is one of four or five out of about fifty cigars that I've tried that I'm excited to enjoy again. Thanks CI!"
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,5 out of 5,Good,Good
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,3 out of 5,Too Loose,Smoked to fast
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,4 out of 5,Fresh and tasty.,Fresh and tasty.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,5 out of 5,Nice cigar,"Well constructed, even burning smooth smoke with various hints of earth, leather, oak and coffee. Will buy again."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,5 out of 5,San Lotano Oval gordo,"AHh.... one of my favorites from their inception!
Never a Bad light/draw/taste . Great flavor with some strength building throughout the smoke and always well worth the enjoyment value"
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,5 out of 5,San Lotano Oval Maduro,"Excellent smoke! Full of flavor great draw, all of that an a excellent price! AJ Fernandez has done it again!"
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,5 out of 5,Outstandin,Outstandin
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,5 out of 5,San Lotano Oval Maduro,An outstanding smoke. Excellent flavor and a nice even burn. A must try.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent San Lotano,Have enjoyed these previously and this recent purchase makes me wonder why I don’t more often!
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,5 out of 5,San Lotano oval maduro,A Great every day smoke
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,5 out of 5,Awesome,Awesome
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,5 out of 5,San Lotano Oval Maduro,Very full bodied cigar! I prefer a cigar not quite with that much body.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,5 out of 5,San Latino oval maduro,This has become one of my top ten on my list of favorite cigars.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,4 out of 5,A smoke generator,"This is a great cigar. From the shape, silky smooth wrapper and torrential stream of smoke, a real winner. Smooth and strong I love the maduro and the slightly milder natural as well."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem,5 out of 5,Great Smoke!,Great smoke! Will buy again. Really enjoyed this cigar.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem,5 out of 5,ANOTHER MASTERPIECE FROM AJ FERNANDEZ,"Don't doubt anything AJ Fernandez has his hands in. The box-pressed robust requiem Maduro has become one of my favorite sticks & I've only smoked 2 of them. Smooth, huge plumes of thick smoke & a consistent even burn right down to the nub. And the flavor is so smooth I didn't realize it was on the strong end of the cigar spectrum. When these are on sale-stock up. You won't be disappointed."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem,5 out of 5,"One of the best cigars I have in my humidors, if not the best. I took a trip to Cuba last year and purchased some Cubans when it was legal to bring them back and quite honestly, San Lotano stands up to the best of the Cubans, my favorite Cuban is Montecristo No. 2 and San Lotano is right up there with it.","It's a medium to full smoke but not overpowering with a lot of flavor. I really cannot identify the flavors but its a ""physical"" pleasure to smoke a San Lotano. It's smooth, sort of almost creamy, I purchase it every time I get low."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem,5 out of 5,The best time of the year,I look forward every time I smoke one of these. Smooth taste down to the nub.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem,5 out of 5,Very pleased,This is my go to cigar. If seems to pair perfectly with so many liquids...including water...lol
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem,5 out of 5,Smiles,Very pleased
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem,5 out of 5,San Lotano Habano,I bought these for my son and he was very happy. He has a hard time finding these locally. This is his favorite cigar and couldn't stop talking about how good they were.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem,5 out of 5,Excellent!,Can't go wrong with AJF Habano.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem,5 out of 5,San Latano,Smoked well little bit tight on the draw first third after lighting. Good smoke!!
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem,5 out of 5,AJF San Lotano Habano in Robusto,"This is an outstanding cigar. Everything you've come to expect from AJF. Construction is flawless, burn line razor sharp, flavors are great and get even better on the retrohale. My wife (not a cigar smoker) even commented that she was not ""bothered"" by the after-smell when I came back into the house. Winner winner chicken dinner! Guess I'll be getting quite a few more of them."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem,5 out of 5,My favorite cigar thus far.,"I am relatively new to the world of premium cigars. My father introduced me to this wonderful world by giving me a Cuban to celebrate the purchase of our new house. This was back in June 2015. As I write this review in December 2015, I have jumped head first into the ""hobby"" of procuring & enjoying these wonderful little works of art.
As I've now been smoking cigars for 6 months, I rate the San Lotano Habano as my hands down favorite cigar. It's combination of perfect construction on incredible flavors make it #1 in my cigar inventory spreadsheet. I am particularly fond of the cocoa/chocolate flavors.
Take this for what it's worth, but these beaut's are my favorite."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem,5 out of 5,By far my favorite non,By far my favorite non Cuban cigar!
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem,5 out of 5,Joe Golf,"Great cigar, always very consistent."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem,4 out of 5,Christopher Wise,"Very smooth flavorful smoke.
This cigar has a nice even burn.
This is a cigar you want to smoke while
BBQing or after dinner."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Connecticut,5 out of 5,Like this cigar very much.,Nice mild/medium smooth smoke. Hard to find them though.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Connecticut,5 out of 5,Will buy again,"Good draw, even burn, and liked the mild flavor. Would recommend these!"
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Connecticut,3 out of 5,Not the best by AJF,"Not the best by AJF, moderate draw, cigars are kind of soft and I got a full box of 20, there are some nice flavors in it but the construction of this cigar is not the best. Won't be getting anymore of this, I was expecting so much more from a San Lotano."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Connecticut,5 out of 5,Life in Connecticut,"I lived in CT for 33 yrs. We still had a good kosher deli and a movie about CT’s tobacco fields with that actor who reminded us of Tab Hunter co-starred with Sandra Dee. I never had a CT wrapper before this, however, because of my prejudices, but I would buy this item again and again. And always a minute too soon."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Connecticut,5 out of 5,San Lotano Conneticut Churchill,"Great Cigar-wonderful taste,even burning-one of my favorites!"
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Connecticut,5 out of 5,"Great cigar: great wrapper, great","Great cigar: great wrapper, great taste, burns evenly. A real quality cigar. My neighbors are envious!"
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Connecticut,4 out of 5,Solid Smoke,"This falls into the ""not your grandfather's connecticut."" If you like a solid medium Ct with alot of flavor, this wont disappoint. Check out MMAO, and you cant go wrong."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Connecticut,5 out of 5,"Fast shipping, great cigars at great prices",Wonderful deal and very fast shipping!
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Connecticut,4 out of 5,Go to Cigar,"San Lotano are my go to cigars. No matter the occasion, may it be the golf course, or on the patio with a glass of port they are great. They have a great draw and hold their flavor from start to finish."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Connecticut,5 out of 5,Holy Smoke!!!,"Holy Smoke! Best Connecticut I've ever had. So many times I am left disappointed by the underwhelming experience of a Connecticut but not this time. The San Lotano Connecticut Robusto shattered all of my preconceived notions of what a Connecticut could be. This stick oozes flavor and creamy smoke that, in my opinion is closer to a medium bodied cigar. I enjoy it late morning/early afternoon with a cup of espresso and it is pure bliss. I bought a 5 pack to try yet this will be my next box purchase. Give them a try and you'll be a believer too."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great Every Day Cigar,"Well rolled, smooth, holds the ash very well, and overall very enjoyable. One of my favorites."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great,Great
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great Cigar-burns slow and even,Great Cigar-burns slow and even and tastes fantastic!
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Maduro,4 out of 5,Good Cigar.,"Good Cigar. Not my preferred flavor profile, but still a good cigar."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Maduro,5 out of 5,maduro toro,even burn good flavor good quality throughout
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Maduro,5 out of 5,Da best,Love em
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Very nice draw with a medium Maduro. San Andres wrapper makes the cigar.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Maduro,5 out of 5,Wonderful Flavor,"This is a full bodied, flavor packed, AJ Fernandez treat!!! Flavors of leather and oak in a well constructed easy smoking cigar."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Maduro,5 out of 5,Backordered,I will await their arrival patiently. The free whiskey shot glasses did arrive. Also the 2 extras I inadvertently put in the order unwittingly. And I don’t drink. Thanks a lot.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Maduro Taste,A very enjoyable maduro tasting cigar. Not too heavy. A cigar for someone wanted to try a maduro smoke. This one will not disappoint.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Maduro,5 out of 5,"Excellent cigar,smooth flavor,great taste 8⭐️👍",Toro gordo
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Maduro,5 out of 5,Smooth enjoyable cigar.,"Provides a number of enjoyable flavors, with a small amount of pepper at the end. Excellent go to, frequent cigar."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Maduro,5 out of 5,Best cigars,"Always keep a few in the humidor. Love this smoke, what a great purchase year after year. Always a go to and must have!"
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Maduro,4 out of 5,They were very good,A fairly strong spoke but very good
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Maduro,5 out of 5,Hits the spot,"I don't claim to be an aficianado on flavors eminating from my cigars, in fact I often doubt whether reviwers actually taste what they say they taste. If they do, I am envious. With that said, if a cigar hits the spot and doesn't offend my taste buds then it was a good cigar. San Latano does this for me."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano The Bull,5 out of 5,Not for the noviest smoker,Solid box pressed cigar. The Nicaraguan filler is spicy and bold. Good construction. The performance is great. Solid medium to full body stick. Excellent price point.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano The Bull,5 out of 5,no bull,Great start but a bit used up by the finish.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano The Bull,5 out of 5,dependable,Good finish. You know you will not be let down.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano The Bull,4 out of 5,The Bull,"Very solid taste, never had a bad one."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano The Bull,5 out of 5,Great!,"I've always been an AJ Fernandez fan. This toro is just great overall, the taste is excellent, the draw is pretty good, and it's pretty spicy. I'm always going to buy more of these bad boys"
AJ Fernandez San Lotano The Bull,4 out of 5,my accountant recommended San Lotano The Bull Toro,I was doing my taxes and speaking with my accountant he recommended this smoke. I loved it. it was a great smoke from start to finish. I will be reordering it again.
Al Capone,4 out of 5,Good quick smoke,Really nice when you just have time for a quick smoke. Flavor is very good also.
Al Capone,5 out of 5,love them,love them
Al Capone,5 out of 5,Best small smoke,I’ve enjoyed these for years. Good price point and small enough to enjoy during those ever so fleeting mental-recovery moments in life.
Al Capone,5 out of 5,I love these cigars!,I love these cigars!
Al Capone,5 out of 5,I love the taste and,I love the taste and aroma.
Al Capone,4 out of 5,not bad,good for a fast break
Al Capone,5 out of 5,The product arrives on time,The product arrives on time and not damaged.Easy ordering on line. Very convenient.
Al Capone,5 out of 5,Al Capone's,I like these little things. Convenient when I don't have time for a full cigar.
Al Capone,5 out of 5,Al Capone Cigarillos,Great little smoke! Never disappoints! Always satisfies that craving for high quality enjoyment.
Al Capone,5 out of 5,Good flavor,Got these for my husband as he's smoked them before & like the smell of these as I dont smoke & dont like the cigarette smell
Al Capone,5 out of 5,"Great cigarillos and fast service,","Great cigarillos and fast service, thanks"
Al Capone,4 out of 5,Quick and tasty,"Nice little flavored end, quick smoke, in a crush resistant plastic pack. Bought the box of 100, with 10 ten packs, split them with my sons. Wife even enjoys these little smokes. I will say, you need to keep puffin, or you'll need to keep relighting. LOL They go out quick."
Al Capone,4 out of 5,Decent little smokers,While I think the quality may have diminished over the years I continue to regularly purchase these. Decent smoke that's just a bit harsh but still quite enjoyable. Hats off to CI for offering a veteran's discount. Why I'll keep coming back!
Al Capone,4 out of 5,Al Capone’s,Good and quick but harsh
Al Capone,4 out of 5,Al Capone’s,Peppery but not bad quick smoke
Al Capone,4 out of 5,Good,Good
Al Capone,5 out of 5,Love these cigarillos!,"Smooth, sweet, and very mild. Love these cigarillos!"
Al Capone,5 out of 5,Al capones,Great cigars. Awesome deall. Looking forward to future promos.
Al Capone,5 out of 5,Very good,Very good
Al Capone,5 out of 5,Al Cape Cognac Filtered Cigarillos,"Only brand/type I will smoke. Smoooth, cool flavor."
Al Capone,5 out of 5,Al Capone Sweets cigar turbo,Nice smoke definitely will order more in future
Al Capone,4 out of 5,Al capone Jamaican blaze,A very smooth taste pleasantly surprised
Al Capone,4 out of 5,Nice cigar,"Nice taste, and love the size."
Al Capone,5 out of 5,Consistent,Consistent
Al Capone,5 out of 5,NUMBER ONE,Al Capone cognac- dipped cigarillos are by far the best smoke on the market today. I'll smoke nothing else.
Al Capone,5 out of 5,These are great for on the go!,I used to smoke the regular cognac dipped until I discovered the tubo now these are all I smoke when I'm on the go or want something that I won't need as much time to enjoy like an Ashton Vsg Wizard.
Al Capone,5 out of 5,I like these little guys,I like these little guys when I only have 5 or 10 minutes to smoke. Very handy.
Al Capone,5 out of 5,A very smove smoke,A very smove smoke
Al Capone,5 out of 5,Good substitute,Worked in a pinch until the non filtered came back into stock.
Al Capone,5 out of 5,Awesome cigar!,👍👍
Al Capone,5 out of 5,Al Capone Sweet Cigar Tubo,were nice smokes will buy again 5 stars
Al Capone,5 out of 5,Sweet!,"Sweet and smooth for when your on the move! Got them for gift for a friend and smoked them all before Christmas, lol gift card time to replace gidt."
Al Capone,5 out of 5,Great product and price!,Great product and price!
Al Capone,5 out of 5,Am Capone,Great value..unbelievable sweet taste
Al Capone,5 out of 5,Deliuhhb,Therr good
Al Capone,5 out of 5,Good,I like
Al Capone,3 out of 5,Service from CI is always,Service from CI is always great but over the years the quality of Capones has been dropping. Lots of stems included and they now roll them too tightly. Not consistent from pack to pack.
Al Capone,4 out of 5,Best prices and excellent service,I love buying my cigars from cigar international but it's a little over priced over other online cigar stores
Al Capone,5 out of 5,Grreat product,Great customer service amd products I recommend you highly.
Al Capone,5 out of 5,Cigar review,Ordered for my husband - he likes them.
Al Capone,5 out of 5,Very nice,"Very nice cigar, perfect with a highball, love the tube, keeps them safe in the golf bag"
Al Capone,2 out of 5,Sandy,Not sweet at all and burns very fast. Not too thrilled with these
Al Capone,5 out of 5,Al Capone Sweet Cigar Tubo,It's about time they made them bigger! I hope they roll a full size.
Alec & Bradley Blind Faith,5 out of 5,"Really nice, smooth cigar.",Got lots of good feedback from customers who received one at a recent event.
Alec & Bradley Blind Faith,5 out of 5,Just plain enjoyable,"Wonderful smoke. I have long enjoyed Alec Bradley Black Market, and my normal go to is Oliva V. I was looking for something different on this order ad I remembered that the Blind Faith had received a best of 2019 rating. I was not disappointed. I enjoyed the first one with my morning coffee and I found it paired beautifully. The 2nd one I had with a few glasses of bourbon and was incredibly satisfied. Highly recommend."
Alec & Bradley Blind Faith,5 out of 5,Will be a regular addition to my stash!,"Truth be told, I didn’t get this from CI. Left my house without grabbing a stick first and was stranded on Staten Island without a smoke for the ride home! Found a small shop and picked up one of these beauties. Great smoke. Not quite full bodied, but a little more depth than a medium. Consistent quality all the way down to the burnt fingers!"
Alec & Bradley Gatekeeper,4 out of 5,Gatekeeper Solid,Fantastic medium body cigar! I love the sweetness off the Ecuador Habano wrapper. It’s very well made with a great even burn... By far my favorite Alec & Bradley cigar. As a collector of cigar labels this artwork is sweet too... Well done
Alec & Bradley Gatekeeper,5 out of 5,The Brother of the Leaf,"Brilliant cigar, well done brothers"
Alec & Bradley Gatekeeper,5 out of 5,Bradley’s Do It Again,"Fantastic medium body smoke!! Perfect construction, one of the best burn temperatures of any Robusto I’ve had. If I had to pick a favorite cigar family it would be the Bradley’s, and this stick just further solidifies why."
Alec & Bradley Gatekeeper,5 out of 5,Gatekeeper,very very nice
Alec & Bradley Gatekeeper,5 out of 5,A fantastic cigar!,"Got my hands on a box of these at my local cigar lounge at an event and had the pleasure of meeting Bradley himself. I was expecting it to be like their Black Market Esteli (great cigar) and I was thrown off by how different it is. Great flavor, has some sweetness with a hint of pepper. Nice even burn and the flavor only improves as you smoke it. I smoked it all the way to the head and it doesn’t get bitter. This is my new go-to cigar and I highly recommend it!"
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,4 out of 5,Excellent price point for an,Excellent price point for an excellent cigar!
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,5 out of 5,These have been great. At,These have been great. At a price you can’t beat
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,4 out of 5,Great Smoke for the Money,Smooth burning and great flavor. I will definitely order these again.
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,5 out of 5,ALEC BRADLEY 2NDS,Smooth easy draw good tasteing
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,5 out of 5,Good,Nice cigar good garage smoke
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,5 out of 5,Great cigar for a factory second,Excellent smoke for the money
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,5 out of 5,2nds are a great buy.,Cannot tell any difference in these seconds compared to the real thing. I do have to say they came dry but its an easy fix. They smoke great and taste great. Will buy again for sure.
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,4 out of 5,Good,Nice robust smoke-
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,5 out of 5,Really enjoy the smoke.,Really enjoy the smoke.
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,4 out of 5,Enjoy,Enjoy
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,5 out of 5,Nice cigar,"Very nice cigar, service no so much."
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,5 out of 5,Don't buy,"Save more for me! A solid smoke for a great price, buy them all the time."
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,4 out of 5,These are okay,Some issues but they are seconds after all. They smoke a little fast compared to others but tasty.
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,4 out of 5,Good value,Good value
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,4 out of 5,Terrific Bang for the Buck!,"Perfect for every day, these are excellent cigars at below bargain basement prices."
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,5 out of 5,You won't beleive it's a 2nd!,Great cigars! I was too busy enjoying them to think why they aren't 1st's...
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,3 out of 5,very good cigar for the,very good cigar for the price
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,5 out of 5,Good cigar.,I love the 2nds. Quality cigar for a cheaper price. I haven’t found a flaw that effects how the cigar smokes in any way.
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,5 out of 5,Nice,For it being small it had a good punch to it i liked them. I took some to work and smoked one while at work. I do security so walking and puffing was good.
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,3 out of 5,Don't expect quality taste,"May be just my expectations but its just bad tasting as in a very cheap cigar. I don't even know if it has taste, tones. Its just like smoking a cheap cigar and you know how those taste."
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,4 out of 5,Great value,Good cigar at great price!
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,5 out of 5,Excellent For The Price!,These never disappoint. I order these all the time as my everyday smokes. Almost didn’t want to say anything because I don’t want them to run out!
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,5 out of 5,My favorite daily!!,Never disappoints.
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,4 out of 5,No regrets,"These are truly top end smokes at a bargain basement price. The construction, the way they burn (evenly, slowly), the ash (durable), and most importantly, the flavor (refined). I also enjoy a decent ring size on a cigar that's not so long that I have to commit to a full hour (though these would probably last that long if I weren't such a Bogart!).
Mine could have used a little more time in my humidifier, as they only improve with age. It is without hesitation or regret that I recommend these unique, high end smokes!"
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,5 out of 5,Good cigars,Good cigars
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,5 out of 5,Screamin' Deal!!,"This was more than a screamin' deal! Out of 10, all but one smoked like a 90+ cigar should. I had to use an awl on one that was rolled a little tight. But, all burned (and smoked!!) terrific"
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,4 out of 5,AB 2nds,Really good smoke for the price. Would definitely buy again.
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,5 out of 5,5/2020 OUT OF THE PARK GOOD!,"This is only for the 5/2020 release.
If I hadn't blown my budget on other sticks this month, I would be coming back to buy several more packs of these guys RIGHT NOW! I've nubbed the two I've smoked. Probably the best AB2nd smoke I've had in a year."
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,4 out of 5,5/2020 PCs need age,"This is just for the 5/2020 Petite Coronas. They are most oscuro, and just need a bit of rest. I've had two so far and they are giving off pretty acrid flavors.
Would I buy them again... Only if I knew I was going to sit on them for a while."
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,4 out of 5,👍,👍
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,3 out of 5,Inconsistent burn but good flavor.,Inconsistent burn but good flavor.
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,4 out of 5,2nds,"Really good, great price not a bad one in the bunch"
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,4 out of 5,Been looking for a reasonable,Been looking for a reasonable everyday smoke and this has fit the bill. Mild to medium even burn stick.
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,5 out of 5,The real deal,The real deal
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,5 out of 5,Great smoke.,Great smoke.
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,5 out of 5,What a deal!,Best cigar at this price level I've had yet!!
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,5 out of 5,Perfect for a short break!,"Perfect for an in between smoke - nice draw, really nice aroma."
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,5 out of 5,A must have in your humi,"Great for everyday smokes that don't break the bank. I'm not going to say it's the best cigar I've had, but the price to performance is what is really amazing here. Really good cigar at a very affordable price."
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,4 out of 5,Pretty good,I’d never had an Alec Bradley before and decided to give it a shot since It was the deal of the day. They burnt good and tasted good. I’d do it again
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,4 out of 5,Great everyday Cigar,"As the label states theses are 2nds some have a uneven burn however for the most part, still a very good cigar with a bold flavor."
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,4 out of 5,They were very good cigars.,They were very good cigars. They came packaged well and fresh. I like them so much that they didn't last very long. I smoked one every day.
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,4 out of 5,Nice cigar,"I've never bought seconds before, so I wasn't sure what I was going to get. It's a nice cigar for the price. These were more on the full bodied strength. Nice flavor and good draw. They last about an hour if you stay on it. It's more of an every day smoke. Not a ""Saturday cigar"" , but a good smoke. I'd get them again."
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,4 out of 5,Better Than Expected,"Very pleased. Well constructed. A few veins here and there. Nice, deep flavor. Good burn. Good enjoyable smoke."
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,5 out of 5,Good selection,The cigars were good quality. Enjoy them.
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,4 out of 5,Great,I was very surprised how good these were.
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,5 out of 5,Just As Good as the 1sts,"You would never know that these are 2nds...same taste, full body and even burn as the 1sts. I will stock up on these when they come around again."
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,3 out of 5,Alec bradley 90+ rated 2nds,"I thought it was a good value. Definitely a flavorful smoke. It burned fine. Would have been nice for the draw to have been a little tighter. I'm glad I bought them for an everyday smoke. I can't say I would buy them again, cause I'm always looking for something different."
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,5 out of 5,Great smoke and an unheard,"Great smoke and an unheard of price. Never tried a “second “ before, boy was I surprised."
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,4 out of 5,good sticks,good sticks
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,Awesome choice,"Definitely a winner. Great taste, smooth and even burn. What’s not to like? Good price point which doesn’t break the bank. Cigars were constructed well. Makes a real nice gift. Don’t hesitate to purchase!"
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,Nothing but enjoyment from beginning,Nothing but enjoyment from beginning to end
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,4 out of 5,Alec Bradley American Classic,Very robust and smooth! Would definitely buy again.
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,As expected!,Another excellent product from AB.
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,A banging medium stick!,"Fantastic medium cigar. It's everything I look for in a medium stick. The cedar and the smoothness combined with the creamy and ample smoke is perfect. Great construction, sharp burn, super ash."
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,4 out of 5,Not a bad cigar but not great,"I’d say the Cigar is more of a 3.5/5 but I’ll give it 4 since it’s an American. It’s not a bad medium body cigar but definitely not as high quality as some of their other blends. I do enjoy this cigar personally, but it’s more one that sits in the Humi and given to company when I’m smoking. I’d agree with all posts that say it needs some time to rest before smoking. Not bad but not great."
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,Relax enjoy,"Mild, easy draw, nice aroma. Relax with sip of American Honey rest on your tongue and then do the same after a easy draw of the cigar is enjoying to the ultimate . The aroma is so great even the flies hover in the smoke."
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,4 out of 5,GREAT,GOOD CIGAR.
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,5 star FoSho!!👊🏾,"5 star FoSho! Terrific aroma and structure out of the package. Burns evenly, with light cream/nutty flavor. Smooth draws and maintains a 1 inch ash. Mild/med, not overly intense. You will not be disappointed. 👏🏾👏🏾"
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,Great stick,"I'm a big Rocky Patel & Arturo Fuentes fan. Alex Brady now run a close second. These sticks taste great, burn very evenly & smooth till the very end. I would purchase this cigar again."
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,Good burn good flavor,Good burn good flavor
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar,"The Robusto's I bought are a fine, mellow smoke and are just big enough. I'll buy more of these."
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley American,First time for this smoke. Great smoke with nice flavor. Will purchase these again. Recommend this fine cigar.
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,3 out of 5,AB American Classic Blend Toro,"While it was an easy smoke, it was milder than expected. It was a bit harsh as well, not as smooth as other Alec Bradley's I enjoy.."
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,4 out of 5,Yes Please,Nice burn great flavor
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,4 out of 5,reasonable smoke for the price,"Good quality, good draw, taste of a Connecticut wrapper with a little more flavor."
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,CI rocks!,Another great cigar in my love affair with CI! I have never been steered wrong by the folks at my favorite cigar depot!
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,4 out of 5,Solid,Nothing special but a decent smoke for the money!
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,Smooth,"Great draw, burns evenly. It is milder than advertised but still has great flavor and finish. I will purchase again!"
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley American Classic,The perfect 'Medium' bodied smoke for our wedding! Great flavor for enthusiasts and mellow enough for the curious at the wedding reception!
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,This is a great smoke.,This is a great smoke. Draws well and burns evenly. A tasty smoke.
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,4 out of 5,Alec Bradley,"Great cigars, and always good deals out there as well. Construction is usually flawless. My every day go to cigar"
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,great smoke,One of my favorite cigars from one of my favorite makers alec brabley
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley classic blend toro,"Great burn, smooth. Will definitely keep a few of these in my humidor at all times!!!"
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley- American,Really enjoyed how smooth the draw was and great burn. Very nice cigar
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,Nice smoke,Very nice cigar with long ash. Would purchase again.
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,Excellent cigars,These Sun-Grown Alec Bradley’s are very smooth and taste superb. They are some of my favorites.
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,great smoke!,this is one of the best cigars i have ever had.
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,excellent cigar enjoyed it. I,excellent cigar enjoyed it. I am always trying all brands
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,3 out of 5,Alec Bradley,"The wrap fell apart as I cut it, acted like it was either dry or old even though it has been my humidor at 70 per cent. Smoke was good with it a hit of pepper at the start and smooth after that. Will see what the others do when I get around to smoke them."
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,Great smoke.,Great smoke.
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley Classic Blend,"Love this cigar!!! If you like a spicey cigar, this is the one for you."
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,4 out of 5,Decent cigar,Good burn but draw a little tight. Flavor was medium. Will buy again at a good price.
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,4 out of 5,Alec Bradley American blend,It was a good cigar all around I'm not the biggest fan of the wrapper but still Alec Bradley quality and awesome for it's class
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,3 out of 5,Not to good not to,Not to good not to bad
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,4 out of 5,Very GOOD SMOKE,Very GOOD SMOKE
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,3 out of 5,Its an ok Cigar. I'm,Its an ok Cigar. I'm a big AB fan but I probably wont buy these again.
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,Very smooth.,Very smooth.
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,Good,Good
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,4 out of 5,Good every day cigar,Good every day cigar
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,Very smooth,Very smooth
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,4 out of 5,Good mild cigar,Good mild cigar
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,Great product !!!,Great smoke! Would buy again!
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,A great cigar!,A superb smoke as expected from AB. My 3rd time buying - and will keep doing so.
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,Very smooth cigar,Very smooth cigar
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,2 out of 5,Most unfavorable,"Not a bad smoke but I normally get a lot better cigar from AB
Will smoke them all but will not be buying more of this cigar, will buy more AB ..."
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,4 out of 5,Happy father day,Bought for my son. He loved them. I did a lot of reading reviews and discrimination of blends.
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Alex Bradley Sun Grown,Can not go wrong with Alec Bradley cigars
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Thanks,Good cigar
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Good chewy,Tasty nice may chew it and not light it
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,4 out of 5,I always enjoy Alec Bradley,These cigars have a nice medium body flavor Good texture and flavor. My only criticism would be they did not all burn evenly.
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,An outstanding value!,An outstanding value!
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,4 out of 5,John,"Pleasantly surprised, got these at a cheap price but they're not cheap cigars. Good flavor, a little strong for me but not bad. Only downgrade is draw, they're rolled tight and draw hard. Other than that, a great value."
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,4 out of 5,ABASG,"Easy draw, great cap, burns well. Love the taste. I really enjoy an Allen Bradley relaxin in the recliner. Keep it up AB. Good price!"
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Nice,Good smoke for sure!
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,A must try,Great smoke. Nice even burn. Smooth draw. Complex notes. Full bodied delight! Pleasantly surprised by this stick!
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Wright cigars,Just want to thank you guy's in getting my cigars. You make it easy for me getting my wright cigars
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Excellent 👍,Excellent 👍
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,4 out of 5,"Good small cigar. Drew well,","Good small cigar. Drew well, stayed lit, burned evenly."
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Ab sungrown,Great cigar
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Good golfing cigar!,Great for nine holes. Draw was fine. Burned a little hot on one rolled a bit loose.
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,3 out of 5,Not well built.,"I have had these before and really liked them for the flavor, but these had an uneven burn. Flavor was still good."
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Solid,"I know, I probably should have aged these a bit more, but I couldn't wait! Picked up a 10 pack on sale this week. Really nice! Lots of earth but also sweet with an espresso finish. Looking forward to the rest. A nice end to the Easter break!"
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Smooth and Tasty,The robusto is very nice. Has a dark wrapper that looks like a maduro with some veins. Burn and draw good. Started out good and got exceptionally smooth at the sweet spot all the way down to a nub. Woodsy toasty earthy tasty. I enjoy them.
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,underrated,"I really love this cigar. Always get it in a Torpedo, and use a v-cutter. It definitely is peppery, but it also has has some of sweetness/nuttiness some oily earth (if that makes sense to you) characters. I know it's not a high end cigar, but it certainly does not lack quality, extremely pleasant smoke, and I like to take my time with it."
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley American Sun Grown Robusto,Very good! I like the more flavorful cigars and this one didn't disappoint!
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,3 out of 5,6 on a scale of 10.,"This is an "" OK "" cigar that I thought would be more outstanding. Nothing horrible about them, but nothing Special either !! Straight forward -- middle of the road cigar taste -- burn line was quite good, but I've honestly had Factory Throwouts with more pleasing taste. Truly let down by this Bradley 5 X 50 guy."
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Jh Waco,Enjoyed while they lasted.
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good Smoke
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,3 out of 5,Alec Bradley sun grown robusto,Good overall flavor but burned hot and unevenly
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Good stick!! Smooth and easy,Good stick!! Smooth and easy pull from spark to nub. Enjoy the peppery flavor and even burn. Love them!!
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Good flavor and burn well,Good flavor and burn well
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Best,Amazing
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Full Body Smoke For After Dinner,This sungrown robusto kicked my butt from the start. Well rolled and good draw. Full body with a flavor mix of cedar and spice with a healthy dose of pepper. I prefer a mild cigar but these go great after a hearty meal.
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Tasty,Delicious. Even burn
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,4 out of 5,"Good, not great, but good.","Construction is ok, a little loose on several and although I don't recall if these are long filler or not, they tend to shred a little as though short filler.
Tasted is there and would buy again."
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,3 out of 5,Good but not great,"I won’t tell you that this cigar will be your favorite cigar you ever have. But it is a solid AB offering at a good price. I would put it more in the medium to mild-medium category. It’s not very complex but it has a good traditional cigar flavor and a former draw. If you’re a beginner or intermediate cigar smoker, this is a great cigar to try. It won’t blow you away with flavor but it’s not boring either. AB has better cigars but this is a solid offering that won’t disappoint."
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Smooth,Nice flavor.
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Cigar Lover,Still my number one favorite
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,4 out of 5,"Great smoke, Great size, Great price!","Right now I’m at a 4.5. But once I smoke a few more, who knows ... I might rate it even higher."
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Nice full bodied stick..,"This stick is nice & smooth, fresh, great pull & full bodied but a little peppery for my taste.. still warrants 5⭐s in my opinion!!"
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Wonderful cigar from AB,"Smoked this cigar at work lounge with our new client. Lasted 1 hour... needless to say, won me a bid! Good taste, perfect burn rate, awesome draw, will definitely buy again."
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Great,It’s a great smoke.
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Great sticks!,Great smokes fun of flavor! Can’t beat the price either!
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley Sun Grown,"Lot of flavor, burns evenly. I will purchase them again"
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Alec the Great Again,"What a great smoke, another great AB cigar. Recommended for an everyday smoke."
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Sun grown,Sun grown have become some of my favorite sticks and this one is at the top of that list. I first found them on the fire start special and have ordered them every since.
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Alec Bradley,Great smoke!!
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,smooth,A very good cigar with a smooth draw. great for the price
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Pretty good,"Yep, they're pretty good"
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Great cigar...,Just a bit skinny though... I bought the toros and they really have a fuller flavor
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Good even smoke and great,Good even smoke and great taste
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Alec Baadley American Sun Grown Robusto,Smoke one cigar a day while I walk my dog in the evening. Really like this cigar. Has a moist freshness and taste is to my liking. And the right size.
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,AB Sungrown,"Nice, rich flavor. Perfect end of the day smoke"
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Alec Bradley Sungrown Coronas,Received the Alec Bradley Sungrown Coronas in Five days. Cigars were a bit dry and needed to spend some time in humidor. The few that I have smoked so far have been too harsh and dry. I have ordered AB Sungrowns before from CI and have really enjoyed them.
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley Robusto,"I love the cigar, however, I think I prefer the corona size."
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Robusto,My go to smoke if you can find them
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Alec Bradley Black Market,4 out of 5,Black Market by Alec Bradley,I have enjoyed this cigar for years great taste
Alec Bradley Black Market,4 out of 5,Very good cigar,Medium to mild very tasty.
Alec Bradley Black Market,4 out of 5,Very good long lasting smoke.,Very good long lasting smoke. Not your everyday cigar. I would definitely purchase them again.
Alec Bradley Black Market,4 out of 5,Fantastic Cigar!,"This may be the best cigar I've smoked in a long time. Very rich, full of flavor, perfect draw, just a delight to enjoy."
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Perfect draw... medium to bold...,Perfect draw... medium to bold... never fails
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Great for 9 holes on the golf course
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Delicious Cigars,"good quality, nice and delicious cigars. thanks."
Alec Bradley Black Market,4 out of 5,Good cigar,"Alec Bradley has upped their over the yrs and any of the Black Market line is great. This cigar had a good taste and great texture, I did have some canoeing but don't know who's to blame. I would recommend this smoke."
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Black market,Very flavorful medium bodied gar
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Smooth taste,Go exellent with scotch
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Good After a Steak Dinner,"Bought a stick from a smoke shop just outside of my area. Even though its pricey. I now see why this cigar means business. Good draw, lots of smoke and really spicey. I enjoyed it."
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Love this,All cigars in great condition. Fast shipment.
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Superior Smoke,"Black Market is great starting with the wrap. Easy draw, even burn and great taste. Lives up to 90+ rating. Great CI price and freebies."
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley - Black Market a great smoke,Alec Bradley - Black Market is one of my everyday cigars. It is a great cigar with a consistant smooth smoke everytime I pull one out of it's wrapper.
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Great smoke,This is my go to cigar. Great smoke on the golf course!
Alec Bradley Black Market,4 out of 5,A good smoke! Not my,"A good smoke!
Not my favorite Alec, but definitely worth the time.
Very enjoyable."
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,AB Black Market,"Great smoke, easy draw, very smooth. Great complexity and aroma."
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Black Market is up,First time gamble on it produced personaal gain because this was a remarkable stock option. Quite surprising but now will get more invested.
Alec Bradley Black Market,4 out of 5,Label for marketing could be,"Label for marketing could be more catching
Maybe black with yellow print
But the smoke was smooth right up to the last inch"
Alec Bradley Black Market,3 out of 5,"Great cigar, wont stay lit...","I love, love, love this cigar but it will not stay lit .....i clipand also poke it and it will not stay lit, and for that my disappointment is 2 stars removed."
Alec Bradley Black Market,4 out of 5,Black Market,A good puff fine taste a true Medium body
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,great smokin cigar,very enjoyable smoke
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Consistently awesome,"One of my go to’s for the summer from Alec Bradley, great smoke, flavor and burns great"
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,First Time,Recommended by a cigar buddy. Great smoke. Will definitely buy again.
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Great quick smoke,"Has a lot of flavor, burns well. Maybe not the best of Black Market sizes, but when you just want a quick smoke these will not disappoint."
Alec Bradley Black Market,4 out of 5,Black Market,Black Market delivers a consistently good smoke. It is an everyday cigar for me and is definitely box worthy!!
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Ok,Good cigars
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley NEVER disappoints,"Alec Bradley NEVER disappoints, Black Market Torpedo hits the mark in the Alec Bradley Family."
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Best smoke for the money,Best smoke for the money
Alec Bradley Black Market,4 out of 5,A great cigar is a great cigar,Not my favorite Bradley but will never turn it down.
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,AB Black Market,"I bought the Churchills this time. I have to say that the Robustos are smoother and have less ""pepper"" at the end. I would think that the tobacco quality would be the same."
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,A new favorite!,This is a new favorite and a must have.
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Love these cigars,Great any time smoke and the most interesting box ever. I give the boxes to kids and they treat them like treasure chests. Terrific cigar and great packaging.
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley Black Market,"I was introduce to this cigar by a good friend of mine, and have been hooked ever since. It is a very smooth Murdoro and surprisingly very taste full for a full body cigar."
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,One of the best,"Normally, I'm into medium-full to full flavored kind of guy. As a medium...this really surprised me. I mean, its an Alec Bradley, I wasn't surprised that it was a great smoke, just surprised how much flavor is packed into these things. Ever get a stick that you don't want to end? Ready to get the roach clip at the nub, kinda stick? Black Market is one of those."
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Love Alec Bradleys!,The Black Market Robusto's were much smoother than I anticipated - a great smoke!
Alec Bradley Black Market,4 out of 5,My first AB Black Market Robusto,"This cigar was very good. Great draw, full body, spicy but not overpowering with a nice finish. I look forward to my next Black Market!"
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley Black Market,Great flavor. Even burn. I would buy these again. Another great Alec Bradley buy!
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,One of my Favorites,"Anytime I can get my hands on these, I do it! Great smoke all the way through. I do cigar exchanges with all my friends and they ALL love this one!"
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Nice sticks,"Burned great, really enjoyed these cigars."
Alec Bradley Black Market,1 out of 5,Good Riddance!!!!,One of if not the worst purchase I have made in quite sometime. Very one dimensional boring stick. A touch of earth was all I could pick up and wrapper just cracked apart in multiple places even after resting in my humidor for over 2 months. Construction was terrible and so was the burn line. There was absolutely nothing positive to say about this stick except that after suffers through 4 of them I gave the fifth one to my neighbor. Good riddance!!! Will never give this stick a 2nd thought!
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,fantastic!,a great cigar. a year ago this one was first cigar and to this day is my favorite go to I have tried about 60+ others since (I have 5-8 cigars a week). this is by far my favorite very rarly are they rolled poorly and the burn smooth and last about an hour for a churchill
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley Black Market Gordo,"I ordered A/B Black Market Gordo they came in three days of ordering them, they were all in great shape. i have smoked three of them and they are a very good smoke alot of flavor burn clean alot of smoke too. thanks CI i will be buying more of these."
Alec Bradley Black Market,3 out of 5,Not happy,Little punch I like mild this not mild
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Great job,"I got a coupon in my email, decided to order a box, they came prompt and packaged perfectly.. I am beyond pleased with my experience !"
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Exceeded all expectations,After sitting in the humidor for about 2 months I decided to light this up tonight. Absolutely phenomenal!! So creamy and paired so well with this brandy in my hand. Enjoying it so much this is my first review. I will make sure I have some handy at all times. Great stick!
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,My favorite till my last smoke ever. Thank you Alec bradley for this one.,By far my daily smoke i try start most days with this one and always go back to it. Last cigar i want before I die i tell every one and i swear by that statement. never an issue and will buy every time im in a parlor or online. MUST have....!!!!!
Alec Bradley Black Market,4 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar. My go to stick
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Taste,Very smooth and excellent wood flavor
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Outstanding,My absolute favorite cigar. Great taste and long burn make this an absolutely enjoyable cigar - preferably after dinner.
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,4 out of 5,gets the job done :),gets the job done :)
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Great everyday cigar!,Great everyday cigar!
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Esteli Robusto,Lots of flavor and the strength isn't overbearing.
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Excellent all around cigar. Rich,"Excellent all around cigar. Rich in flavor, smoke, and great aroma. One of the best cigars I've ever had. You can't go wrong with this stick. Great for any time. If you're uncertain on which cigar you want to try next, this is the one! You can thank me later while you smoke this beauty."
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Great,Great cigar
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,4 out of 5,Tasty,yummy ....licorice !!!!
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,ONE OF MY FAVORITES,"I bought a box of the Churchill size because it was the #9 cigar of 2018 (actually, the torpedo won the honors, but I like Churchill size more). CI had an incredible deal on these cigars that included a discount and 12 free Alec Bradley cigars. The cigars start off very peppery, but soon turn medium bodied and the pepper fades, and a pleasing taste of cocoa flavor with a touch of sweetness takes over. I've smoked 12 of the box, and each one burns perfectly and slowly. I've been smoking cigars for 30 years, and consider the Black Market Esteli one of the best I've smoked."
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,I believe these were a,I believe these were a substitution in a AB sampler. I was not disappointed! Would definitely order these again.
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar,"Great smoke. Burns flawlessly, full flavor and keeps lit. What more could you want? Excellent...one of my favorites!"
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,worth the price,worth the price
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Great Smooth Smoke,"Great taste, slow even burn and fantastic draw!"
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke with a shot whiskey. One of Alex Bradley best cigars.
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Flavorful yet maturely subtle,Love these. The Black Market Vandal has been a long-time favorite. The Esteli gives me the same amount of satisfaction with a more developed taste & finish.
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Good slow burning cigar,Good slow burning cigar
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Delicious and perfectly constructed.,Delicious and perfectly constructed.
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,4 out of 5,Very nice,Would recommend you try this one
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,4 out of 5,Good smoke,"Good med, to full. A couple had a less than perfect draw, but one, I'd buy again..."
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,black marker estelli,"Great smoke....tasty,nice construction....I'll buy again."
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Black Market Estelli,"My husband loves these cigars, almost any cigar that comes out of Nicaragua."
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,4 out of 5,One of Alec Bradley's better smokes,"Easy draw, fairly even burn,more medium body than full, smooth and flavorful."
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Would purchase this package again.,Good flavor and a very good smoke.
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,great smoke,great smoke
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley November Purchase,Great tasting cigar! Great with a glass of Angel's Envy wiskey!
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Great smoke for the money!,Rich taste. Great price!
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Great smoke.,Smokin deal too
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,4 out of 5,AB Esteli,"Good stick, great deal from CI!"
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,4 out of 5,Versus original black market,Prefer the original for both smoother flavor and construction
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Loved the cigars,JR cigars ships promptly. This is a great robust cigar but nothing harsh about it.
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,A good cigar.,I like to sample blends before I commit and after smoking a black market Estelí I will purchase more..
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,4 out of 5,Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli is a very nice cigar with good flavor that burns well.
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Nice Cigar,"This cigar has a smooth, slightly spicy taste. Good even burn, and an easy draw."
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley,Awesome!
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,4 out of 5,Good smoke I will get,Good smoke I will get them again
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Estella,Absolutely a great smoke. Smototh
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Great gar,Great gar
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Great bang for buck.,Great bang for buck.
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,4 out of 5,Decent smoke,Decent smoke
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,4 out of 5,Slow burning. Tasty to the,Slow burning. Tasty to the end
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,4 out of 5,Excellence,A good cigar
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,B e a utiful,"Delicious from beginning to end. Puts out tons of smoke, spices keep it interesting but not overpowering."
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,4 out of 5,Excellent smoke,One of my favorite cigars. Smooth from beginning to the end.
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Alex Bradley Black Market Esteli,"Excellent cigar, nice draw, nice burn!"
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,4 out of 5,Pretty Good,Pretty Good
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,4 out of 5,Alec Bradley black market,Awesome cigar all around. I believe one of the top affordable cigars that I know of. Will enjoy them again when I run out
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,4 out of 5,Nice cigar,Nice cigar
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,4 out of 5,Solid cigar and a great price,"Fairly new smoker and haven’t tried many cigars north of $10 a stick, these are worth spending a few extra bucks."
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,4 out of 5,Great cigar but the PVandal,Great cigar but the PVandal Perfecto is much better
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Do It!,Buy these. In my opinion they are in the top 10 of all the cigars that I have smoked. Great aged tobaccos and really well rolled. They burn like a champ.
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Great Smoke
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,4 out of 5,I think one of Bradley,"I think one of Bradley best, if you like a stronger smoke."
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Great Smoke!,The best of the Black Market Series by far. An excellent deal for the box of 10 including the 12 pack sampler!
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Top 5,This smoke just made my top 5 smoke list.
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,A great smoke,My favourite AB by far. made even better by some time in the humidor
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Great,Great cigar
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,4 out of 5,Would purchase this package again.,Always a darn good smoke.
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Enjoyable Smoke,Very enjoyable smoke.
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar!,"Great tasting cigar! Had to try one as soon as they arrived and was not disappointed, lots of thick smoke to enjoy. Will let the rest age a bit in the humidor to see how they develop."
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,4 out of 5,Great cigars,The cigars are great but one of them came damaged. It looked like someone accidently cut it with a razor blade and it is unsmokable due to the cut being so close to the cap of the cigar.
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Great smoke. My go to!,Great smoke. My go to!
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Rich smoke,"The black market vandal is smooth, Rich and the delicious cigar. I have begun hoarding the ones I have left."
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Highly recommend
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Very well made and consistent,Very well made and consistent flavor profile and burn throughout. Slow burning so allow yourself time to fully enjoy this cigar. AB has a winner here.
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"I originally got one of these in a sampler, the taste, burn everything was perfecto!!! So I bought 20 Cigars 👍"
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,A very enjoyable rich smoke,"Had these before and really enjoyed them. Fuller body with a smooth, even flavor."
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,2 out of 5,Alec Bradley black market review,I Thought I was getting a round tip and got a torpedo tip cigar. It was very difficult to keep going as well and wanted to split open a bit. I believe it is how it is humidified
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Great body smoke,Great body smoke
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Bold flavor.,Bold flavor.
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,Great smoke!
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,4 out of 5,Close but no cigar,"Very good cigar, I rated it with a 4 simply because 5 is reserved for Cubans with their soft, earthy unique flavor."
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,4 out of 5,Good Cigar,"Good smoke, good strength good draw, but a little bitter at the end."
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Absolutely fabulous!!!!,My favorite cigar...good bold flavor....burns evenly.
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Black market vandel,Great strong smoke. One of my favorites. Try it you'll like it.
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,AB Black Market Vandal,"A great cigar that is well balanced and satisfying. Provides just enough flavor without being overpowering. I enjoy this cigar in the morning, during the day, or after a good meal!"
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Great Cigar!,Great Cigar!
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Get out of jail free!!,This is a great stick very consistent smoke. Roll on!
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,4 out of 5,Good Smoke,Good Smoke
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,3 out of 5,Its a good cigar... Some,Its a good cigar... Some spice in the 1st 3rd.. Not my favorite AB
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,4 out of 5,Nice flavor,Nice flavor
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley Vandel,"Great cigar, will have it in my regular rotation"
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,4 out of 5,Decent smoke,It’s a good smoke nice to sit down and relax with
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,1 out of 5,POINTS for everything but what truest counts.,"SAD....
This cigars looks beautiful and burns great. And maybe I just got duds but I must say what flavor profile?? Thisstick was bland to say the least good amount of smoke very nice draw. There was a few moments of flavor but they were gone in a puff or two. I’m just sad that with a cigar this good looking and well made left me with a bland bored feeling about it.
I got two from a flight sampler and both were the same way."
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Alex Bradley,"The flavor is awesome. It burns evenly all the way to the end and the draw perfect. The draw isn't to hard or to easy, it is just right so the cigar last longer."
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,By far my favorite cigar!!!,By far my favorite cigar!!!
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,4 out of 5,Excellent cigar. Smooth with opal,Excellent cigar. Smooth with opal smoke and nutty
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,No surprise to me that these are excellent.,"No surprise to me that these are excellent. I smoke Alec Bradley cigars more than any other brand, The Black Market Vandal Belicoso are fantastic and Great Cigars"
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Black Market Vandal,"Excellent cigar from AB. Burned for over two hours. Medium to full bodied,smooth and cool burning. Very flavorful. Will buy again"
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,MY GO TO CIGAR!!!!,"Thank you Cigars International once again!!!! I give this Cigar 5 Stars. One of the best I ever had. Slow pull with great immense flavor. I have been purchasing Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal for about 6 months now and it continues to impress me. As a women who loves a good cigar I have passed on my findings of this cigar to many and it has become the GO TO Cigar for many men so don't let that deter you from trying this Cigar!! I would like to see them in box of 20 since 10 is what they come in now. Price is a little steeper than what I would like, but I will pay it with the quality this Cigar gives.
Kudos to Alec Bradley AGAIN."
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,1 out of 5,Won't make that mistake again,"Sharp bitterness in the back of the mouth. Couldn't finish it. Burn and smoke volume OK, but nowhere as good as other cigars in their stable"
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Crazy about Vandal,Best smoke I've had in years!
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Black Market Vandal,"hmmm,.. one of my favorites!"
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,4 out of 5,"Good, but...","These were great smokes, but the wrappers, in spite of proper humidifcation, partially unwrapped on a couple."
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Amazing. One of the best,Amazing. One of the best cigars I’ve ever had
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,4 out of 5,A good smoke,Good strong smoke -- Great construction
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,excellent cigar,If you can get these on sale they are a great deal
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Black Market is a good cigar,Nice cigar good size when I don't have much time to smoke lots of flavor
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley,My husband enjoyed the mild taste and easy smoke of this cigar and said I could order them for him again.
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,3 out of 5,Ehh,"Wasn't impressed. Good flavor and decent craftsmanship but it lacked depth. A one note stick. If its a bargain grab it, otherwise its a pass"
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,3 out of 5,Mild,Gets better second half.
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,5 out of 5,Nice burn and great taste.,Nice burn and great taste.
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,4 out of 5,A nice smoke,Very smooth smoke. Nice flavor and burned nicely all the way down.
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,5 out of 5,"Very good cigar. Burned evenly,","Very good cigar. Burned evenly, good flavor with a strong finish. I will keep a couple in my humidor for a rainy day."
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,4 out of 5,Ehhhhhh,"Good smoke, could use s’more flavor as it’s a basic tobacco type with not much else happening. Reminds me of a Macanudo but this has a much better draw"
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,3 out of 5,I little mild for my,I little mild for my liking but a good burn
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,5 out of 5,"Great smoke, mild to med!","Great smoke, mild to med!"
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,5 out of 5,Love This Stick,I'm normally a medium to full smoker. I got this 5 pack in a CI sampler and couldn't be happier. Wow...what a great smoke! Mellow but great taste (not bland). I thoroughly enjoyed this stick. Great smoke. Another WIN from AB.
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,4 out of 5,Black Market Connecticut wrap,I like that it is a smooth and mild smoke. It does not smell bad either. My only complaint if I were being critical is that it starts peeling as you get close to the label.
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,5 out of 5,Great tase!,Great tase!
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,5 out of 5,Love it!,Love it!
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,5 out of 5,AB,"Great smoke, very enjoyable. Nice cedar flavor with a smooth cream like finish. Great smoke output as well."
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,5 out of 5,Good smoke,They were a good smoke for the deal. I am bargain shopper and like to find those hidden gems in the deals. This was one and would buy again for sure.
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,4 out of 5,Good one,"Nice, mild taste"
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,4 out of 5,Very mild smoke. Enjoyed very,Very mild smoke. Enjoyed very much
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,5 out of 5,They are really good cigars,They are really good cigars
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,4 out of 5,Review,Nice smoke
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,4 out of 5,A.c. bradley,Very good cigar
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,5 out of 5,Vandal,Nice smoke. All these brands are good
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,5 out of 5,Great stick,Smooth excellent smoke
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,4 out of 5,Good smoke. Will tell a,Good smoke. Will tell a friend..
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,5 out of 5,Great Stick,Love the flavour profile from this connecticut stick. Great twist on the original blend.
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,4 out of 5,Smooth good burn,Smooth good burn
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,5 out of 5,I had never tried these,I had never tried these cigars before. I was pleasantly surprised. And plan on buying more on my next order.
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,4 out of 5,Great morning espresso stick!,The blend is very similar to the American Classic Blend which I adore! A great smoke poolside with a Lavazza espresso!
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,5 out of 5,The con,Great smooth smoke. Really enjoyable
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,3 out of 5,Rhinos review,"The con Toro is an ok cigar, but I wanted to try it because it is AN A.J.F. stick and I love his vandal puro and his black market vandel. I am more of a maduro medium to full smoker for the past 35 years. AJ has some superb smokes. Respectfully submitted."
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,4 out of 5,New Cigar Is Good!,"Really a nice smooth Connecticut blend. The only issue is that bit seems to get harsh and tar flavor, otherwise its winner!"
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,4 out of 5,The Con,"Good Cigar for the Golf Course , a couple had a funny burn pattern and required a relight though. I would probably buy again ."
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,5 out of 5,Great golf cigar,I bought this pack as a joe deal and it was a great purchase. I prefer connecticut’s when I golf and this is a really good full connecticut. Highly recommend trying this stick out!
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,2 out of 5,This one wasn't for me....,"Tried it because I LOVE Black Market Vandal. Not really a Connecticut kinda guy, but I do like some. This one wasn't for me. My friend who really likes CTs liked it, but she thought the beginning was a lil rough & bitter."
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,4 out of 5,One of my favorites,"Pretty new to the cigar hobby and bought a box for our gender reveal. This is my first Alec Bradley product and I was really happy with it. Great flavor, good stick, amazing price when on discount. Would buy again."
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,5 out of 5,It’s a girl.,Nice cigar for the price.
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,4 out of 5,its a boy,Good quality. The box is worth the price as a keepsake.
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,5 out of 5,Perfect for the occasion,I bought these to give out for my sons birth. I have had Alec Bradley cigars before so I figured they would be decent cigars. I was pleasantly surprised when I got them in the humidor for a week and decided to try one. They are good cigars not super strong but a good mellow smoke. I think it is perfect for people who dont have cigars regularly and I enjoyed it myself so I am very happy with this purchase. The box is a perfect keepsake as well.
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,4 out of 5,Great It's a boy/girl option,"Finally found some real sticks to celebrate a new child. Most cigars like this are terrible knockoffs, this actually smoked well. I know this is rated as a light bodied cigar, but it is exceptionally light - most likely to broaden it's appeal. Could have used a bit more substance. Ordering and delivery from CigInt was, as usual, flawless and quick with everything arriving in great condition."
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,4 out of 5,Nice box.,Nice box.
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,5 out of 5,Cigars - It’s a Girl & It’s a Boy,"Perfect as keepsake for each of the grand children. I save 4 cigars each in my humidor (still have the ones preserved from our 14 year old) and fill the boxes with milestone items for my grand children as a surprize when they reach age 10 and then we look through the memories together. A tradition I started 40 years ago for our children who treasurevthem to this day. This product is the Best Presentation I found online anywhere, Great service. Thank you Cigars International."
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,5 out of 5,The cigars were very good,The cigars were very good and the box will remain a keepsake.
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,4 out of 5,Its a Girl,Grandpa Joe says nice cigar.
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,5 out of 5,Good excuse to stay away from a baby shower,"Nice little cigar, I even like the box with a picture holder on top. They are inexpensive enough that i dont mind giving most of them away to announce my newborn."
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,4 out of 5,Its A Boy,Great Cigar good price!
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,5 out of 5,Great cigar.,Great cigar.
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,5 out of 5,Great!!,I handed these out when my fighter was born. They make for great gifts and they’re actually decent medium bodied cigars.
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,5 out of 5,Great starter cigar,I purchased for my son in law to hand out. It is a good starter cigar for those who don't usually smoke. I'd put a five pack in my humidor to smoke at different times. Alec Bradley...you can't go wrong.
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,5 out of 5,GREAT BUY,THIS IS A GRAET CIGAR WITH A NICE BOX TO HOUSE A PIC IN.
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,4 out of 5,"Better then most "" it's","Better then most "" it's a girl/boy "" cigar"
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,5 out of 5,Right on time,Delivered the product perfectly. I bought them as a gift for my nephew for his first child. I do not know how they tasted or smoked. But it was cool to do it for him.
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,4 out of 5,Excellent,Love the selection and fast delivery
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,5 out of 5,Niiiiceee,Enjoyed them
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,5 out of 5,It's a boy X2,Great cigar for Grandpa to pass out to his cigar smoking friends. Cigars were fresh and Excellent choice.
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,5 out of 5,Excellent!!,"Bought these for my son's birth. Awesome box with picture frame attached and place inside to write baby's stats. Great smokes, good for handing out to amateurs and enjoyable for professionals too!"
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,5 out of 5,Awesome,Buy it
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,4 out of 5,It's a Boy! Angelo,I bought 2 boxes of these cigars. One for myself and the other for my son. My first choice was a cheaper cigar but was out of stock. I ended up choosing the Alec Bradley in no small part because of the box which had a spot for my grandsons photo and stats. I suspect that 85 percent of the people I gave them to are not cigar smokers. I did get a connect yesterday from a cigar smoker who went out of her way to let me know she enjoyed it. I'm typically a Ghurka smoker and haven't had a chance to sit and enjoy one of the Alec Bradley yet. In my opinion It's A ... cigars are usually for non cigar smokers who are not so adept. I would however order them again for my next grandchild simply because of the box.
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,5 out of 5,The best!,"I'm a huge Alec Bradley fan. When I saw these I couldn't pass it up. Cute frame and beautiful band. This is not your run-of-the-mill ""it's a baby"". I would recommend these, worth the extra dough to hand people something they actually want to smoke. Reminds me of ""black market""."
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,4 out of 5,Good gift,The It's a Boy cigars is a good gift. We haven't smoked them yet but the box is nice and the cigars smell good.
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,2 out of 5,It's A Boy Cigars!,Great box and setup for novice smokers. The cigars were nothing special. I expected a lot better from Alec Bradley. I gave these away to the casual smokers and non-cigar smokers I know and bought my friends at the cigar shop a box of Rocky Patel A-10's.
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,5 out of 5,What a great cigar for,What a great cigar for summer time.
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,5 out of 5,These were smooth and tasty,These were smooth and tasty this is going to be one of my summer favorite
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,3 out of 5,Alec Bradley,Really enjoyed the smooth taste and aromas that went along with this cigar. The only thing was the burn was a little uneven through out the cigar
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,5 out of 5,Sweet and Tasty,"This cigar starts with a sweet sensation, flows into a smooth and tasty til the finish."
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,4 out of 5,I was not impressed with,I was not impressed with the sweet tip. Otherwise a very good stick!
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,4 out of 5,Good smoke for the price,Good smoke for the price
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,4 out of 5,Good smoke,A definite chocolate tone. Good draw. Still like the Black Market as my favorite smoke.
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,4 out of 5,Great value,"Smooth, light, flavorful sticks....a great buy"
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask Toro,A satisfying smoke with a surprisingly sweet taste to the lips and mouth when you first light it up! You can’t rush smoking them. A great cigar to savor and enjoy!
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,2 out of 5,Alec Bradley Caribbean Csk Toro,Taste is too sweet.
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,4 out of 5,A Taste of Summer!,"Definitely a smooth smoke. The first third of the cigar or so, you can taste a subtle almost pineapple/coconut on your lips after exhaling. After you get towards the last third of the cigar, those flavors fade and it is not al that impressive anymore. I usually go for more bold flavor profiles when smoking, but overall definitely enjoyed the nice change this one brought about. It did make me think of summertime."
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,"I really like this cigar with a nice medium dry cab, light or no breeze, not in the direct hot sun ( my comfort). It has a nice ash, good draw, plenty of smoke and a nicely flavored tip. Definitely a favorite..."
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley Caribbean Cigars,"Excellent cigar , great taste and very mild"
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,5 out of 5,Pleasant surprise,Pleasantly surprised when I lit this up.
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,5 out of 5,I loved the sweet taste,I loved the sweet taste of the wrapper. It was like eating dessert.
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,4 out of 5,GREAT SUMMER CIAGR,PERFECT FOR A SUMMER SMOKE AND AT AN AWESOME PRICE!!!
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,5 out of 5,Caribbean Cask Toro,"Great taste burns solid
Valued priced"
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,5 out of 5,ab cask,thourthly enjoyable hour long smoke
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,5 out of 5,Mild and swwet,I like a mild cigar which this Is. The -peasant surprise was the sweetness. I will buy more in future.
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,5 out of 5,Great Light Smoke,Perfect stick to help you relax with your favorite rum and drift off to a Caribbean island. Highly recommend giving it a try.
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,5 out of 5,Smooth tasty smoke,"A nice mellow smoke with no bite. A little sweet, but not too much so. Burns evenly to the very end. A very enjoyable 45 minute smoke."
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,5 out of 5,Surprise of the Year,A nicely wrapped and uniquely flavored stick. Mild yet bold in flavor.
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,4 out of 5,Good inexpensive smoke with a,Good inexpensive smoke with a sweet tip.
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,5 out of 5,I did not know that,I did not know that they were sweet. I smoke while playing Golf and they worked out well.
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,3 out of 5,Wanted To Love Them.....,"Purchased 10 of these and I must say the first one was perfect. Perfect draw, burn, taste, aroma, held a nice ash, etc.... Thought I found a new favorite......but the 2nd, and several others were the total opposite. They started out fine as stated above but about a third of the way into the smoke they started to burn awkward, had to keep re-lighting them and the taste went to the harsh side. For me they are way to inconsistent, BUT a couple were vey delightful. Wished they all smoked like the first one because I would totally be on board with them. Maybe I just had a so so batch but my first impression of this smoke is just that.... so so. Don't get me wrong, they are a great smoke when you get a good one. I can deal with MAYBE one bad smoke in a pack of 10, but not as many as I came across in this 10 pack. Smoke on my fellow Brothers and Sisters."
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,5 out of 5,I was a bit surprised,"I was a bit surprised with the taste at first. It has the ""Cask"" taste which I found nice as the cigar smoked. It has a good burn and a very pleasant taste."
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,4 out of 5,Mellow smoke,Love the Connecticut wrapper. A very good mellow/medium smoke. Little pricey compared to other cigars that I like. Well constructed.
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,4 out of 5,a nice flavored cigar for,a nice flavored cigar for when you want a change
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,4 out of 5,Smooth from start to finsh,Smooth from start to finsh
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,3 out of 5,Ok summer smoke,"Tasty treat, not great but good for chillin by the fire pit"
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,4 out of 5,good,it was okay
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,5 out of 5,Liked the artwork!,"I rate it just a notch under Baccarat. I'd buy it on sale but not at $160+. Excellent smoke, consistent in all regards, , no flaky wrapper, easy draw, great flavor. Everything good but the price. I'll buy Baccarat."
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,5 out of 5,Very pleasant,"smooth,, nice flavor,,my wife likes them"
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,3 out of 5,Very sweet,"These are seen okay cigar at this price point, but they ate much sweeter than I expected them to be. Almost reminds me of those old time Swisher Sweets. They are great for those friends we'r all have that say they like cigars, but really mean they want the mildest smoke possible."
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,5 out of 5,Awesome cigars...and got 'em on,Awesome cigars...and got 'em on a great deal!
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,5 out of 5,Love the Label,Love the label. The smoke I would rate just a tad under a Baccarat with the price being steep for that comparison. Still an excellent cigar slightly sweet.
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,5 out of 5,A spectacular smoke and great,A spectacular smoke and great taste
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,5 out of 5,easy smoke great flavor,awesome easy smoke cigar great flavor
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,5 out of 5,Very good.,"Really good, some sweetness from the rum and really smooth flavor, I find it similiar to the Ghurka Abuelo Cigars."
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,4 out of 5,Interestingly different,Interesting. Not a daily but definitely a beach cigar.
Alec Bradley Connecticut,5 out of 5,Lil cigar great flavor,"Have bought these a couple of times and are really a great smoke. Even after a re=light there is no bite,as they say good to the last puff! Will be buying again but not until the promotion of 12 extra cigars goes away just weren't to my liking."
Alec Bradley Connecticut,5 out of 5,Nice and mild,Smooth and mild which I prefer
Alec Bradley Connecticut,5 out of 5,Nano,"Pack of 20 so far so good.Excellent draw,even if I don't finish one and come back to it later still has the same taste and draw.No bad taste in the mouth.Looks like I found a new smoke!"
Alec Bradley Connecticut,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,"The AC Connecticut provides a smooth, medium smoke with even burn..."
Alec Bradley Connecticut,3 out of 5,Fair. Heavier than expected from,Fair. Heavier than expected from a Connecticut wrapper.
Alec Bradley Connecticut,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley,Fantastic cigar.
Alec Bradley Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great cigars,Nice and smooth
Alec Bradley Connecticut,4 out of 5,smokinjoe,"Mild, even burniing cigar. Dad loves them!"
Alec Bradley Connecticut,5 out of 5,Excellent and enjoyable.,"Received in a CT sampler. I thoroughly enjoyed this blend. On the fuller side of a CT blend. Supremely enjoyable. Nice rich creamy smoke. Still a mild smoke, but not ""weak"". It's a full flavored mild... if that makes sense.
Construction was impeccable. Due to my style of smoking (Always on the move) I tend to be hard on sticks, and generally I wind up chewing too hard on the end to be able to finish the nub. The construction on this withstood me and I only put it down when I found my fingers burning, there was nothing left.
Flavor profiles are everything you'd expect in a CT, only more pronounced and refined. Cedar, spice, cream, nutty and a nice rich ever slightly sweet natural tobacco flavor.
I usually smoke CT's early in the day, this is bold enough to satisfy at anytime. Not to be confused with a power house - that this is not, but the flavors are ever present and forward.
Lastly - I generally find CT's get a bit harsh near the end - this did not. The flavor profile was consistent from start to finish. The only change I detected was the natural sweetness increased enjoyably towards the last 1/2 to 1/3.
As a pipe smoker as well, this reminded me throughout of a very nice VA flake. Consistent, subtle flavors with tobacco taking the lead remaining consistent in flavor, only gaining in sweetness and natural tobacco flavors."
Alec Bradley Connecticut,3 out of 5,Body,The cigars have good body
Alec Bradley Connecticut,5 out of 5,#1 CT wrapper!,Alec Bradley Connecticut Toro with a great CT wrapper making me proud to sit back here in CT and enjoy a nice mild to medium cigar!!
Alec Bradley Connecticut,5 out of 5,Awesome,Fresh cigars fast shipping great prices
Alec Bradley Connecticut,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley Connecticut Churchill a great cigar,"Was smooth from start to finish, never harsh, and burned evenly never had to do a re-light. Would definitely purchase again."
Alec Bradley Connecticut,2 out of 5,Freshness,Some of cigars rec'd lately have been stale
Alec Bradley Connecticut,4 out of 5,Great evening smoke.,"This is a mild smoke that breathes well and builds as you smoke it. I enjoy one in the evening, before the sun goes down."
Alec Bradley Connecticut Fumas,4 out of 5,Has a full taste and,Has a full taste and a good slow burn
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Good Burn and Draw,Good Burn and Draw
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Another AB standout,First time smoking Coyol and very pleased. Another AB winner.
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Coyol,I tried this cigar years ago. I knew after I lit it up it was going to be a great smoke!! I have had these cigars in my humidor ever since! One of my favorites of Alec Bradley’s great lineup of cigars!!
Alec Bradley Coyol,4 out of 5,Very good anytime smoke with,Very good anytime smoke with a friendly price
Alec Bradley Coyol,4 out of 5,Bold and flavorful but with a somewhat annoying after taste.,"One of my favorite cigars. Bold and ""meaty."" Very good flavor while smoking them. That said, the only reason I didn't give them 5 stars is the after taste will stay with you for days. Really need to wash out your mouth to get rid of it. However, it's worth having to deal with the strong after taste since they taste soooo good while smoking."
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Everybody makes mistakes ...,But CI makes things rights. Shipped me the wrong 5 pack and immediately made things right when I called. I’ve been a customer for more than 10 years. That is one reason why.
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Coyols are awesome,"CI had a great price on a 5 pack, quick shipping. And of course Coyols are awesome."
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,smooth mellow cigar,"These are one of my favorite cigars. I don't prefer harsh flavors, at most something spicy, however these have a great smooth and nutty flavor."
Alec Bradley Coyol,4 out of 5,good smoke,decent Robusto for the money
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Spicy,A good spicy taste from start to finish
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"Taste was excellent, great draw.
Cigar was moist not dry.
Alec Bradley makes top cigars at the right price"
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Top notch,My favorite cigar. Burns well with a great flavor.
Alec Bradley Coyol,4 out of 5,Alec Bradley Coyol,"Great smoke, smooth taste with a good draw"
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley Coyol Toro,Enjoyed a Robusto last year very good Cigar. ..have not tried the Toro yet
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar,Been waiting for a deal on these. Got a couple in my COMC package. Wasn't disappointed - burn is good - nice medium cigar with a pleasant flavor profile right down to the nub. Good job CI. Unfortunately now I'll have to wait until the sale on these babies. I am enjoying and savoring them while I can however.
Alec Bradley Coyol,2 out of 5,Needs some aging.,Needs some aging.
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"It has a nice draw, with a great amount of taste, very smooth! Highly recommend this one."
Alec Bradley Coyol,4 out of 5,A pleasant suprise,"I bought these because they were on Joes Daily Deal and I wanted to get free shipping on a bunch of other cigars I was buying, so I took a chance. I smoked one this weekend after they set for a few weeks. My first thought was ""Winner!!"". On first lighting it up I tasted that oily nutty flavor I associate with a quality Cameroon wrapper, which I love. As I got farther down it became a little peppery which I am not a fan of, but not so much that I didn't enjoy the cigar. Overall a pretty good smoke. Well constructed, good draw."
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Top Shelf!,"These cigars, had a smooth draw & burned evenly."
Alec Bradley Coyol,4 out of 5,Excellent,"Received this in a sampler after purchasing a box of Prensado. I'm a fan of anything made by AB, this is definatley a different animal, very unique. Will be purchasing a box."
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Solid smoke!,"Nice, medium, smooth stick. Consistent quality with everything I’ve smoked from Alec Bradley.
Great value for the price! Will always keep these in my humi :)"
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Alec Bradley Coyol,4 out of 5,Great cigar for the price.,Great cigar for the price.
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Hands down my favorite cigar,I wish these were a little more affordable. I would only buy these. Best cigar in my opinion. Its the perfect strength and taste for me. I hide them at the bottom of my humidor so no one asks me for one.
Alec Bradley Coyol,4 out of 5,AB Coyol - Robusto!,"I love this cigar! It originally came in a sampler that I bought, and it was hands-down the best of the bunch, so I bought some more. These smokes are spicy, with a nice earth base, with a hint of cocoa. They burn superbly, and the draw is proper. I would buy them again if they go on sale."
Alec Bradley Coyol,3 out of 5,Sub par,These are tasty treats. My only issue is that they dont burn evenly.
Alec Bradley Coyol,4 out of 5,Coyol Toro,"Great flavor, excellent pull and consistent burn. I highly recommend it."
Alec Bradley Coyol,4 out of 5,Really Good,"Awesome smoke nice touches of cedar and earthy smooth draw well made nice burn , AB are top notch never had a bad one ."
Alec Bradley Coyol,4 out of 5,Lovely Smoke,"Very lovely smoke, just not as flavorful as others. Certainly not a bad smoke."
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"Great taste, very smooth"
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Tasty & Well Balanced,"As with all other Alec Bradley cigars, Coyol is a superior smoke. It is complex, tasty, full bodied and very well balanced. I enjoyed this cigar very much."
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Recommend,Good smoke and consistent
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Awesome smoke!,Awesome smoke!
Alec Bradley Coyol,1 out of 5,Not so Good.,The cigars unraveled on the 2nd third. Happened on the first three I tried.
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Unique flavor profile throughout. A new favorite for the first top shelf list. Give me more Alec!
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Awesome sticks,Awesome sticks
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,GOOD FLAVOR,I LIKED THEM
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,great,Perfect
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,What an incredible opportunity to enjoy some of the finest cigars in the world. There is a difference in quality that can’t be explained only experienced.,I am not a connoisseur or one to describe subtle differences. Thanks to all the fine people at Alec Bradley for a enjoyable part of my day with a fine cigar.
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"I've been a cigar smoker for over 25 yrs.
I've smoked some of the best and some of the worst. My favorite these days are Alec Bradley's. The coyol robusto is just awesome. Great cigar. .."
Alec Bradley Coyol,4 out of 5,Great selection of cigars,Great selection of cigars
Alec Bradley Coyol,4 out of 5,Tried something new,My husband enjoyed it. He likes the cigars that burn longer.
Alec Bradley Coyol,3 out of 5,Too dry.,I usually love Alec Bradley cigars but these were especially dry with very little draw.
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Great deal!! Great cigar!!,Great deal!! Great cigar!!
Alec Bradley Coyol,4 out of 5,Alec Bradley Robusto,"Smoke is OK, but wrapper tends to become unraveled once the cigar is half finished. Needless to say that is not good."
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,One of the best cigars,"Great flavor, draw & burn"
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,"Great evening cigar... Smoking one now sitting by my fire pit, listening to Pandora. Beautiful evening!"
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley,Very good cigar with deep flavor
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,My new favorite!!,My new favorite!!
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley,"Nice cigars, smooth with great taste!"
Alec Bradley Magic Toast,5 out of 5,David Copperfield's smokes...? Tryem their,David Copperfield's smokes...? Tryem their dam good...
Alec Bradley Magic Toast,5 out of 5,This is money!,Very nice and smooth... not too harsh - long burn and overall exceptional
Alec Bradley Magic Toast,5 out of 5,GREAT CIGAR,"great taste, nice long smooth burn, will be buying in the future"
Alec Bradley Magic Toast,4 out of 5,TOAST,Perfect name can see why it got that name very good after big meal and with a pilsner or light ale. Next time I'd try a longer stick to get more burn time.
Alec Bradley Magic Toast,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley has done it again!,"I just received these dark skinned beauties and had to have one right out of the box. I must confess I tried one down in Myrtle Beach S.C. and just fell in love with the flavor. It has strong notes of leather and hint of spice, it was great all the way thru the burn. it wasn't a bit harse or overbearing. This is now one of my favorite cigars right up there in the top five. If you're a fan of Alec Bradley you'll love this cigar."
Alec Bradley Magic Toast,5 out of 5,Great smokes,Great smokes
Alec Bradley Magic Toast,5 out of 5,Strong peppery smoke!,Holy peppery tones. Full bodied strong smoke. Fantastic.
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,Best Cigar!!! Tried over 100,"Best Cigar!!! Tried over 100 cigars and when I found this one, will never need or want another. Alex Bradley makes a good smoke but this is their best yet. If you haven't tried it, do it. You will never go back to anything else!! Keep these coming!!!!"
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,Another Winner,"Me and my Best friend share our cigars. So when we bought these we never had one. He loved it and so did I. This cigar is a great slow burn and good to the last puff, but have the time to smoke it, this is 2 hour cigar. Great try one"
Alec Bradley MAXX,4 out of 5,Pleased,Second box of the MAXX. Highly recommend. Give them a try!
Alec Bradley MAXX,4 out of 5,Good cigar for the price!,Decent cigar for the price. You wont be disappointed on this budget cigar from Alec Bradley.
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,Getting The Fix.,"I have been smoking cigars for 17 years. I have gone crazy with it and tried everything the world has to offer 7 times over. The Fix is a stick that stands out as one that is very eventful/noteworthy, especially for the price. This cigar is an experience, it's full of changes and it excites the palate. I have tried other sizes in this line but they don't compare to The Fix in flavor... Completely different cigars. The Fix is a stick I'm always going back to. Sure, I have gotten a tight one here and there. But I don't love them any less for it."
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,Delicious!!!!!,"Evenly rolled, burns evenly, smooth and flavorful to the last draw. Nice and cool; no aftertaste."
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,a n alec bradley favorite,I ve tried many of alec Bradley cigars and maxx is one of my favorites.it s a good tasting slow burning cigar thatthat is good from start to finish.
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,Great cigars with fantastic pricing,"These Alec Bradley Maxx are great, high quality, long lasting well made cigars. I've been smoking these for years and always consistently high quality."
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,Delicious Cigars,"good quality, nice and delicious cigars. thanks."
Alec Bradley MAXX,3 out of 5,Where's the beef,"Have you ever gone to a steakhouse and drooled over a prime cut? The plate is set before you. Its beautiful. Presented well. You cut into it and it's the perfect temp. You're mouth has an urgency for satisfaction, so you dive in. Wait...somethings missing. Maybe you ate too quickly. You cut again. Same. And again the same. Before you know it you've eaten the entire steak and only a small portion of you feels satisfied. Where was the flavor? Seasonings? Fancy butter flavoring?
Yeah....that's AB Maxx. I love AB smokes but for all the flex and heft, I expected a little more party on the palate. For the gerth I'll stick with CAO 660."
Alec Bradley MAXX,4 out of 5,Good but tight draw,"As with most AB cigars, they are fine cigars although this one was a bit tight in the draw. I don't like to work hard to get the smoke. Some of that may have been form not sitting in the humidor long enough after getting them. The burn was good, it looked good, smelled good, just drew hard."
Alec Bradley MAXX,4 out of 5,Under the Radar,This cigar doesn't get much press in the Alec Bradley line but it is a great smoke. As well made as all their cigars with a nice smooth taste.
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,5 stars,Spectacular. One of my favorite cigars.
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Dependable full body cigar. Worth the money.
Alec Bradley MAXX,4 out of 5,Vaca55,"A good smoke
Not my #1
But a nice change from time to time
Good favor and even burn"
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,ALEC BRADLEY THE MAXX,"I'VE HAD MANY FAVORITE CIGAR'S . FOR ME, THE BEST IS THE MAXX. IS THE BEST. I CAN'T AFFORD IT ALL THE TIME. SO I TRY DIFFERENT ONE'S I'M GOING TO FL. WERE THEY HAVE SMOKING ROOM'S. SO I .CAN ENJOY THEM MORE OFTEN."
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,One of the best,Really good cigars for the money
Alec Bradley MAXX,4 out of 5,Maxx,I have smoked them for years and find them most enjoyable .
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,Nice Smoke,"The Maxx is a full bodied cigar, easy draw and the perfect size for being social."
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley Maxx,Big ring the way I like it nicely constructed cigar and smooth as silk
Alec Bradley MAXX,3 out of 5,Big but Tight,The right combination of tobacco but the draw was difficult. They need to be loosened up
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,Tasty,Great cigar!
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,Love it!!!,Love it!!!
Alec Bradley MAXX,4 out of 5,Good buy,This cigar was the ever lasting gobbstopper. Nice taste that went on forever. Burned even and cool.
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,Very Nice cigar,"Alec Bradley is one of my go to brands, always a good cigar, burns well. This one is another hit. I might call it a little bit lighter than the official designation, but that's just nit-picking. Very flavorful and would recommend to anyone."
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,Maxx Fixx,One of my favorites... Great everyday cigar.
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,Big bold flavor,Excellent aroma and lasting draw with big bold flavor. Cigar burns evenly and has tons of smoke. Lasts an entire football game.
Alec Bradley MAXX,3 out of 5,Exquisite,Smooth and relaxing with wine burns slow evenly
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,Good cigar for the money,Good cigar for the money
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,Great Cigar!,MAXX the Fix is an awesome cigar!
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,MAXX Review,Excellent “daily” smoke. Smooth and flavorful from start to finish.
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,Great cigar would buy again,Great cigar would buy again
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,Brilliant Smoke,"One word: “Brilliant”
Well made. Start to finish enjoyment. Nice oily wrapper. Easy on the pallet. Perfect mellow fragrance."
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,Love the Maxx,"Great cigar, love the smooth draw!!!!"
Alec Bradley MAXX,3 out of 5,Yard stick,Lots of stems and junk under the cap. But smokes ok for yard work.
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,Second Chances.,"I recently ordered an Alec Bradley sampler and in it was a MAXX - The Culture (6x54). Was kinda disappointed with this cigar, not much life to it, but after reading the reviews for it I figured I’d try again with a different size. I ordered The Fix(5x58) and wow what a difference, I couldn’t have been any happier, cigar had awesome flavor and draw, smoked well. I am so happy I tried again with this. Told a bunch of friends about it and ordered more."
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,good to the last puff,great smoke would compare it as an equal to other top notch cigar brands
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,Quick and delicious smoke,These are perfect of you don't have alot of time and u wanna enjoy a great cigar
Alec Bradley MAXX,3 out of 5,Nice cigar,Good tasting cigar. But most were hard to draw from. Which makes it discouraging to buy it again
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,Great burner,"Love these cigars, clean burn and great taste. Not harsh but plenty of flavor. Will buy them again and again...oh wait...I already do!"
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,I need a Fix !,"WOW ! My current fave maduro. I've had a Fix and need another now ! Is CI a pusher ? I hope so, cause these are the bomb.
Even the wife loves it. Not overly strong, but favors ? You bet .....yum ! Try it you'll like it."
Alec Bradley MAXX,4 out of 5,Promotional goodies,I personally would love to see more free promotions on some of the larger orders that get put in.
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,YOU GOTTA TRY THIS CIGAR!,"Thank you Cigars International -Again!!! I give this Cigar 5 Stars. One of the best I ever had. Slow pull BIG FLAVOR, I have been purchased Alec Bradley MAXX Superfreak originally for the man in my world who is a huge Cigar man- until I tried and now, I'm hooked!!! ..IMPRESSIVE Cigar. As a women who loves a good cigar I have passed on my findings of this cigar to many and it has become everyone's GO TO Cigar -A MUST HAVE IN MY HUMIDOR!!!!! Price is very reasonable, especially with the box of 20.
Kudos to Alec Bradley AGAIN."
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,Very well made,Excellent cigar.
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,It’s super freaky… de ne ne net….super freak super freak : ),that is one long enjoyable cigar from start to finish!!! Excellent!!
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,AB Maxx The Fix,"I really like them. Great taste with notes of leather, wood, and maybe some spice. The Fix size is great for me as I usually prefer larger ring gauge and this length."
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,Rilist63,"This is a stick one needs to make a date with. From its silky, dark oily, maduro, wrapper; through its solid packed construction; to its succulent complex rich medium body; A. Bradley's ""Maxx The Freak"" is a feast. Wonderfully balanced complex flavors develop and evolve in the velvety smoke providing an experience that keeps your attention. Whit ""The Freak"" that is a long glorious time."
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,One of maxx n am good 4theday,It's strong one is enough for the night I enjoy smoking this cigar I try just about all of brand and I enjoy smoking them
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,What great smokes.,Always top notch. Never a disappointment
Alec Bradley Medalist,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,Great breakfast cigar
Alec Bradley Medalist,5 out of 5,Nice little smoke,"Smooth, even smoking cigar...will probably purchase again."
Alec Bradley Medalist,5 out of 5,Mellow with tons of flavor,Mellow with tons of flavor
Alec Bradley Medalist,5 out of 5,Nice stick,Nice stick
Alec Bradley Medalist,5 out of 5,Delicious Cigars,"good quality, nice and delicious cigars. thanks."
Alec Bradley Medalist,4 out of 5,great every day cigar,"Smooth, flavorful without being overpowering or weak. Medium bodied."
Alec Bradley Medalist,5 out of 5,Medalist Gordo,"Great smooth, creamy flavor. Also holds it's flavor well throughout the entire smoke"
Alec Bradley Medalist,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley cigars are smooth,Alec Bradley cigars are smooth and enjoyable
Alec Bradley Medalist,5 out of 5,Excellent cigsr,Excellent cigsr
Alec Bradley Medalist,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Alec Bradley Medalist,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley,Great smooth smoke...already gone through a couple boxes!
Alec Bradley Medalist,4 out of 5,Alec bradley,Great smoke! Simply said!
Alec Bradley Medalist,5 out of 5,Awesome cigar,"Great cigar... flavor is excellent, burns perfectly!"
Alec Bradley Medalist,4 out of 5,4+,nice smoke!
Alec Bradley Medalist,5 out of 5,great cigar,great cigar
Alec Bradley Medalist,4 out of 5,"Nice cigar, good burn.","Nice cigar, good burn."
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,mundial,One of my favorites! Great quality & taste!
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,You won't be disappointed,"Do not miss out on this. Throw money at it, whatever you have to do but at least pick up a 5 pack. An amazing full flavor stick."
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,A Bradley,Entire line are great smokes...
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,Good smoke,NICE MED-FULL CIGAR WITH GOOD CONSTRUCTION. I HAVEN'T HAD A BAD ALEC BRADLEY CIGAR YET..
Alec Bradley Mundial,4 out of 5,"It is delicious and delightful,","It is delicious and delightful, maybe it's my humidor, at 68* but they split a little when I punch the top to start"
Alec Bradley Mundial,4 out of 5,Great smokes,Great smokes
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,Another typical Alec Bradley cigar. Excellent construction with long steady burn.
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,Great cigars for a great,Great cigars for a great price
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley,Yummy
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,C'mon It's an Alec Bradley,"This little cigar is packed with flavor, burns consistently evenly and packs a punch."
Alec Bradley Mundial,4 out of 5,I enjoyed this cigar. Flavor,I enjoyed this cigar. Flavor changed as it burned through. The only drawback is the initial draw on the stick due to the design but after you get through that quarter its wonderful
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,Mundail,Great short stick
Alec Bradley Mundial,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,One of my favorite cigars.,"One of my favorite cigars. Great flavor, even burn and long ash. I have ordered them three times so far."
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,Great smoke!
Alec Bradley Mundial,4 out of 5,Ordered Twice,"They’re good. Sometimes very good. I reordered this cigar because I liked it. Lit one the other day that just didn’t taste as good, hence 4 stars rather than 5. I expect the next one will be fine. Give them a try. Really"
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,Excellent cigars,Excellent cigars
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,AB Mundial,"I was pleasantly surprised by the complexity of the flavors and robust taste. The Mundial works equally well with a double espresso or a double single malt, and that oily wrapper makes a this stick particularly enjoyable."
Alec Bradley Mundial,3 out of 5,Decent,"Not a bad smoke. If they were on a HUGE sale, i might would buy again, but would not pay regular price for them."
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,Excellent cigar
Alec Bradley Mundial,3 out of 5,Customer,On the search for something with a little more zing. Not my ideal size but bought them on auction. Ordered again so I could mix them in and see how they go is a full alternative.
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,Delicious,Full-bodied cigar great flavor burn and construction is perfect one of my favorites will continue to keep a box in the humi
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,Mundial,A great smoke from a master blender. If yiu'be never tried these or other AB sticks you're in for a treat. I like these for the great draw and spicy flavor.
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,Leathery and creamy,"AB has many blends that I enjoy but these are in the top five. Leathery,creamy with a touch of spice in an old world style stick."
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,Rocky Patel sampler,This RP Mundial is without a doubt the finest smoke I have had in a long time. Flavorful from beginning to end. Can't think of a single knock against it. Just pure enjoyment.
Alec Bradley Mundial,3 out of 5,Excellent smoke,"great draw, flavor and burn, would recommend"
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,Great after dinner cigar,"Draws well, long ash, pairs well with a good single barrel bourbon"
Alec Bradley Mundial,2 out of 5,Rough,"These are a little harsh for my taste, my go to cigar is CAO Gold maduro torpedo so I am used to the stronger cigars, I just prefer smoother."
Alec Bradley Mundial,4 out of 5,Lucky guess,I took a guess that these would be good ...got lucky way better than I hoped for ...
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,Oh Yeah!,"Definitely one of the top Hondurans I have smoked. Very lovely pepper yet smooth combinations of flavor. Good draw, even burn, and thick smoke."
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,Very smooth good flavor,Very smooth good flavor
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,On My Top 5 List!,"This cigar is great! Definitely on my list of my top 5 favorite cigars. The Alec Bradley brand in general has impressed me. Great construction, Great taste, Great Draw. Overall Great stick!"
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,Alec bradley,Excellent cigars. I like the Tempus the best. Good cigar for a short smoke
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,Awesome value,Awesome value
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,Great Cigars!,Great Cigars!
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,Mundial,Great smoke awesome finish
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley,Enjoyed
Alec Bradley Mundial,3 out of 5,Not ABs best,Still a nice smoke. But they make better.
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Smooth smoke😎
Alec Bradley Mundial,2 out of 5,Too harsh on the throat.,Too harsh on the throat. Will noy purchase it again!
Alec Bradley Mundial,3 out of 5,A little too strong for,A little too strong for my taste.
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,alec bradley,fair deal
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley Mundial Comments,"As with all things Alec Bradley this is a very good cigar. It's well built, smooth and falls into the medium strength range. I'd buy it again."
Alec Bradley Mundial,3 out of 5,PL5,Mild taste
Alec Bradley Mundial,4 out of 5,Good smoke full bodied,Good smoke full bodied
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,smooth & Flavorful!,"They may be small, but they are long-lasting with a smooth, tasty draw. I recommend them to anyone who is budget conscious, but still wants quality!"
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,AB Mundial,"Very good smoke, easy draw and light taste, worth the money"
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,Good gar,"A little more intense than AB post embargo, yet still smooth to the end"
Alec Bradley Mundial,3 out of 5,Nice Little Cigar,I bought a 5 pack to try them out. Nice blend but I'm not a fan of the Perfecto shape. It was hard to light & draw. Once I got past the tip & into the meat of the cigar it burned & smoked ok. I had to relight it several times. A great cigar burns evenly & stays lit. This one just doesn't stack up for me.
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,The five star rating is,The five star rating is apropos! Mr. Bradley's creations are always a pleasure.
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,Worth All the High Ratings,"Sometimes you read rave reviews either in CI or in Cigar Aficionado and you can be a little suspicious/skeptical. This AB Nica Puro is legit. What a great smoke in all respects. Worth the price. Nice even, slow burn; great flavor that keeps changing throughout the smoke. Love this stick. Simply fantastic."
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,4 out of 5,Pleasant smoke. Worth your time and money,Pretty good smoke. Nice flavor and temperament. Hints of leather and spices. I only knocked a star because of the uneven burn.
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,4 out of 5,Good smoke worth tour,Pretty good stick. It smokes nice with a good draw and great flavor of leather and spices. I only knocked a star during to the uneven burn.
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley nico puro gordo,"One of THE BEST SMOKES IVE EVER SMOKED! Great taste, great burn , great construction, great everything! I've smoked cigars for 46yrs & this is just an awesome stick!! Thank you alec bradley & CI !"
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,3 out of 5,Good for a short 20,Good for a short 20 minute break.
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,Very nice as expected,Very nice as expected
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,Awesome Smoke!,Awesome smoke!
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,Very pleased,"Good value, great draw and great flavor!"
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,Suprisingly tasty,"A very flavorful and smooth smoke, it has my recommendation."
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,Excellent flavor,The Alec Bradley Nica Puro has excellent flavor and burns smooth and even. One of my favorite morning cigars.
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,My personal choice!!,Love the flavor
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,Good cigars,Good cigars
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,4 out of 5,AB Nicaraguan Puro,"A powerful and strong blend, very solidly constructed."
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,Awesome Cigars,Wow. Excellent taste and gray even burn. This are excellent cigars in every sense of the word!!
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,4 out of 5,Great Buy!,This smoke was even smooth at a great price.
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,4 out of 5,Nice Puro Robusto,Great cigar - terrific balanced Nicaraguan flavor and nice burn and ash. Boomed out smoke. Good value as well.
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,4 out of 5,Alec Bradley,"Decent flavor, smaller in length and ring size than I like but I thought they had a good draw and were good."
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,"Nica Puro. Yum, yum, yum!",These cigars start off just right for a med/full flavored stick. They get better and better as you smoke it down. There are all kinds of flavors hidden in this Puro and it's Nicaraguan long fillers and binder. The taste just keeps giving pleasure from start to finish. I love the last 1/3 and I tend to smoke them right to the nub. Try these Alex Bradley Nico's and you'll become a lover of 90 rated beauties like I have.
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,I love these..will order again
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,3 out of 5,Cigars where rolled to tight.,Cigars where rolled to tight. I want purchase again.
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,Very good,Very good
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,4 out of 5,One of my favorites,Solid mild-medium cigar. Great flavor. Enjoyable smoke.
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,Nica Perfecto,"One of my favorite smokes, smooth draw with even burn and plenty of taste"
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,4 out of 5,A.B. nico Pura Robusto,"Nice draw, medium bodied, smooth finish, not hot. Very good stick"
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,4 out of 5,Good smokes,Good smokes
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,4 out of 5,Awesome,I love this cigar. Bold smoke and great burn. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is I haven't received them yet. Free shipping takes over a week.
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,Good smoke,"Came up as an offer, as I already placed my order. Thought how could I go wrong? Very pleasing smoke."
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,Great deal!,These cigars are the best great draw great taste. For the price you can't go wrong. I will order again!
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,love doing business with you,love doing business with you
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,Mmm good!,"Nicaraguan puros seem to be my favorites. I love those silky habano wrappers and flavorful dark long fillers. The Nica Puro is a fine example. Its medium for sure, but not too far from full. Its got that nice, simple, creamy puro charm."
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,Great Cigar!,Thia is one of best cigars I've tasted! I will buy again!
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,A great cigar for the price,A stouter version of nice libre. Good flavor.even burn. Good cigar
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,2 out of 5,Meh,"Not imressive in the least, no clue why this is getting all the 5 stars"
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,4 out of 5,Time out a day,Creamy break from life. Totally enjoyed something new. Worth a reorder
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,Nico Puro Coyote,Very good stick
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,Excellent draw and flavor. Never,Excellent draw and flavor. Never disappoints
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,Very smooth. Easy draw. Will,Very smooth. Easy draw. Will buy again
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,2 out of 5,did Not enjoy,Not very good not impressed. would not reorder
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,4 out of 5,Nice even smoke slightl kick,Nice even smoke slightl kick will be a go to smoke for a while
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,A must have in your humidor !!!,"This is one of the best cigars I have ever tried. Good flavor, good burn, excel not and enjoyable smoke. I record this to everyone."
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,Enjoyable,Very satisfying cigar with good flavors and even burn
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,4 out of 5,"Good cigar,",Please bring back the samplers for 39 or 49 dollars. Love Alec Bradley cigars.
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"I'm on my second box of Nica Puro's, I can't stay away from them. More AB Nica Puros are in my future."
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,4 out of 5,Great draw smooth flavor,Great draw smooth flavor
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,I can only say this...,Yes Please... MORE MORE MORE!
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,4 out of 5,"Gr at smoke, good value","Robust, good flavored, well wrapped cigar."
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,smooth operator,"This was an extreamly pleasurable smoke, smooth yet full bodies with a cool and easy draw."
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,4 out of 5,Great Smoke,Very pleasurable indeed.
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,Very enjoyable full bodied smoke,Great cigar
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,4 out of 5,Cigar time,Love these. Well constructed and nice flavor.
Alec Bradley Nica Puro Rosado,4 out of 5,nice cigar,nice cigar
Alec Bradley Nica Puro Rosado,5 out of 5,M in McCordsville,Excellent mild to medium cigar. Especially if you like a little red.
Alec Bradley Nica Puro Rosado,5 out of 5,Excellent puro!,Great shape and look. Burns evenly and draws well especially close to the nub without getting bitter. A true Nicaraguan puro with all the flavors that goes along with it!
Alec Bradley Nica Puro Rosado,5 out of 5,"Great tasting, easy smoke.",I look forward to one of these at the end of a long day. Great tasting cigar. Never bitter or harsh. Easy to enjoy
Alec Bradley Nica Puro Rosado,4 out of 5,Good smoke,"I found this Cigar to be flavorful, and an average burn rate, I would buy them again."
Alec Bradley Nica Puro Rosado,4 out of 5,Good Quality,Consistent. Well made. Flavorful. Good value.
Alec Bradley Nica Puro Rosado,4 out of 5,"Good smoke, nice draw, solid roll",Al in all a good value and enjoyable smoke.
Alec Bradley Nica Puro Rosado,5 out of 5,Great Puro!,The cigar was great from start to finish. Very good construction. The flavor profile remains consistent throughout the smoke. I didn't put it down until the ash was burning my fingers. I definitely recommend for an every day smoke.
Alec Bradley Nica Puro Rosado,4 out of 5,Good cigar!,"Actually
The 6x60 is too big
Nice taste with the rosado."
Alec Bradley Nica Puro Rosado,5 out of 5,Pretty good cigars for the,Pretty good cigars for the price
Alec Bradley Nica Puro Rosado,4 out of 5,👍,👍
Alec Bradley Nica Puro Rosado,3 out of 5,"Not great like I expected, just average","disappointing , expected this to be 5 star but it was very average. had to relite a couple times, slightly harsh and burned slightly hot."
Alec Bradley Nica Puro Rosado,5 out of 5,Smooth evening smoke,Very nice in evening with vino
Alec Bradley Nica Puro Rosado,5 out of 5,You will be mine!,Have not tried yet but I am very excited to try this... Alec Bradley Nica Puro's have been my #1 go to smoke. Now add this beautiful Rosado... Amazing!
Alec Bradley Nica Puro Rosado,5 out of 5,"Nica Puro Robusto, my go to morning smoke","The AB Nica Puro Rosado Robusto has become one of my favorite cigars and the most frequent choice to accompany my morning coffee. It wasn’t the first AB cigar that I tried, but once I did became a constant presence in my humidor. I tend to like a medium bodied cigar for the first smoke of the day and this cigar is remarkably complex and satisfying without being overly strong, or bitter. It burns well, has been remarkably consistent in construction and taste and holds its own with even much more expensive cigars. I’ve tried several sizes, but seem to come back to the Robusto as my favorite."
Alec Bradley Nica Puro Rosado,4 out of 5,Need to wait for it,"The cigar is beautiful to look at, but the first third is not really interesting, dry, lifeless and weak. BUT, from that point it becomes medium-full with a nice flavor and balance of spice/wood/leather and a little burned nut flavor come thru. Needed a couple of touch-ups, but the wrapper was solid and the Gordo was perfect with a glass of whiskey. Gene C, Xiamen China"
Alec Bradley Nica Puro Rosado,5 out of 5,The Puro continues,WOW! A masterfully made salute to the art of the handmade Nicaraguan! Allen has done it again. Spices run free as you enter the 2nd third. Going to order the toro as I just don't want the robusto to end!!!
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,5 out of 5,"Wonderful, relaxing smoke! Would highly","Wonderful, relaxing smoke! Would highly recommend."
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke delicious flavors well worth a try highly recommend it
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,5 out of 5,Tasty and Smooth,CI has good bargains. I received the 6 cigar Alec Bradley sampler free with my order. The post embargo robusto is terrific. Every aspect is excellent. Roll ... draw ... burn ... flavor. It is full body but smooth and creamy. Delicious flavors. Cedar and coffee with dark chocolate and spice with a hint of pepper on the finish. Leaves a nice after taste. All the Alec Bradley I have tried are good. Pick up a sampler ... you won't be disappointed.
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,5 out of 5,Great cigars,Great cigars
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,5 out of 5,Solid.,These are solid smokes.
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,5 out of 5,Good cigar,Alec Bradley use one of my favorites and Post Embargo is one of my Favorites nice and smooth and burns well five stars for you
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,5 out of 5,Great,Flavor was excellent. Perfect draw as well. For the price they are a can’t misss
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,5 out of 5,Complex thru and thru,"One of the best from Alex Bradley. Full of flavor, start to finish."
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,5 out of 5,AB POST EMBARGO BELICOSO,REALLY SMOOTH SMOKE. NICE FLAVOR. GOOD BURN. I KEEP THESE IN MY HUMIDOR
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,4 out of 5,Review,I have not tried them yet. I’m sure that they will be worth waiting for. As some of the cigars I have bought in the past are a little dry out. So I am waiting before I try these
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,4 out of 5,NICE,NICE
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,5 out of 5,Amazing cigar,I bought these two weeks ago and they are amazing!
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,5 out of 5,Post Embargo...Yes!,"Settled in right away with nice notes, clean flavor and easy draw. Great construction and color. I usually enjoy more of the med-fulls but on this one I was trying to find an excuse to smoke 2 in a row. Saved the label from my first one months ago and right price came along and voila! I think you will not be disappointed if you try a 5 pack. This one is knocking to get into my top 10 and I am considering letting Alec in."
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,5 out of 5,Post embargo AB,"Nice smooth smoke, more full than medium, wanna go gordo next time."
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,5 out of 5,Post Embargo Heaven,"Nice flavors, clean and tasty."
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,4 out of 5,Solid Smoke,another winner from AB. This cigar will not disappoint.
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,5 out of 5,Post Embargo,I liked it... was mild... great with coffee in the morning
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,3 out of 5,Just alright...,Decent draw and burned well but very mellow. Definitely a medium body smoke. This one seemed to be a 'one note' experience. I prefer a smoke with more complexity.
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,3 out of 5,Not bad!,I typicaly like a darker stronger cigars but this was a surprise. Good but not amazing flavor. If you like light to medium body it's pretty good.
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,5 out of 5,Post Emabargo Best Cigar yet,It was by far the best cigar I have smoked this year! Even my friends who I shared with agreed it is a rich flavorful smooth smoke!
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,5 out of 5,Best cigars at the right price,Nowhere else can you taste the whole buffet for such a reasonable deal.
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,5 out of 5,One of the best smokes in a long time.,"My daily smoke, prior to finding the AB Post Embargo, has been the Herrera Esteli Pyramide. An excellent stick by all accounts. However, more and more my daily rotation has begun to include the AB PE - in other words, for those that are already familiar with the Herrera Esteli, it's that good. Walks a fine line between a gourmet dinner and dessert at a fine restaurant. This just seems to have it all, above all, complexity and loads of flavor. The texture is creamy, but not at the expense of something gratuitous, rather this is very finely knit. Excellent build, very good burn/draw, stunning flavors. I'm about to order my third box; I'll miss this, a lot, when it's all gone. Highly Recommended."
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,5 out of 5,Best on the market!!!!!!,Perfect to enjoy with a cool bourbon in hand:)
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,5 out of 5,Best dam stogie,I was introduced to this at CIGARfest 2016. And I've bought three boxes since. They're a great everyday smoke.
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,5 out of 5,Awesome,"This one is a winner,hit all my prerequisites"
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,5 out of 5,One of the Best Cigars I Have Ever Smoked,Well I normally smoke mold to medium cigars but this Amazing Stick has Open My Eyes. Trust Me on this It's Simply Freaking Awesome!
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,5 out of 5,Perfecto!,Saw a Video Review on this smoke and I just had to try it! I can't wait to smoke another one! Very nice spicy and smooth flavor!
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,5 out of 5,Consistent and smooth,Consistent and smooth
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,5 out of 5,Really good. Nice draw. Very,Really good. Nice draw. Very smooth
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,5 out of 5,New Favorite Lancero!,"This is a great Lancero! I love Themis cigar from start to finish. It has a great draw and the taste is spectacular. The cigar has some spice but is not overpowering. The burn is even all the way down to the end. Try this one out, you will not be disappointed."
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,4 out of 5,Unusually Delicious,"Very happy with my purchase...was watching a cigar review show on a local public access tv channel and one of the reviewers said this was his favorite cigar of 2015...I quickly checked CI's website and they had them at a reasonable price so I took a chance and bought a box. I'm by no means a connoisseur but I know what I like and what I like normally turns out to be highly rated... This cigar started out with a real punch; almost too much so, where I got concerned I just bought a box I couldn't smoke but, god, did that change quick... All I can say is that I'm at a loss of adjectives to describe the following taste but it was smooth and good. I'd give five stars if it was smoother from jump street. Just don't draw too hard those first few puffs and you should be in great shape"
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar. Introduced it to,"Excellent cigar. Introduced it to all my friends, they were overwhelmed."
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,How it smoked,Burn and draw were consistent. Ash stayed firm for a long way thru. They came to me fresh and I smoked it right from the package. These are my favorite AB cigars. Definitely will purchase more. They were a good deal.
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Fantastic smoke,Fantastic smoke
Alec Bradley Prensado,4 out of 5,Great bite with no bite back,This is a good hang out with your buddies knock back a few and torch one off kinda cigar. This one comes from a company that never really disappoints so there really are no surprises and something everyone wouldn’t mind smoking. The cigar actually has a really good bite so you can grip it with your teeth while dealing cards but it’s mild tempered so if you get a little retro-hale it won’t choke you out.
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Good cigars. Good burn.,Good cigars. Good burn.
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Smooth drawing good Taste. One of my favorite.
Alec Bradley Prensado,4 out of 5,AB Prensado,"Good solid, well constructed smoke. I'll be buying again."
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Great smoke always a go,Great smoke always a go too for me.
Alec Bradley Prensado,4 out of 5,Great Full Flavor,"Nice box of cigars for a special occasion.
My Father rated them as a 91 or 92."
Alec Bradley Prensado,4 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,What a great cigar!,"I am, traditionally, a light to medium cigar smoker. CI recently put these Robutos on sale and I wanted to try them. They were exceptional. The size and quality of this Prensado was just stunning. Normally, outside my paygrade, I found these cigars worth every penny."
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Recommended!,"AB makes some of my favorite sticks. This one is at the top of the list of AB's for me. I've never had a bad Prensado. Quality sticks, good draw, consistent burn. Very enjoyable smoke!"
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Prensado is awesome,This is one of my favorite smokes!
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,New favorite,A full body smoke without any unwanted bite. This is my new favorite. Rich smooth and delectable.
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"Great flavor, burn, and draw. I got a 5 pack of these in robusto size. I found myself wishing I had bought the gordos, so they would last longer."
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Fantastic cigars,Fantastic cigars
Alec Bradley Prensado,4 out of 5,4 stars,Great smoke but it is the only cigar in my humidor that I consistently get cracked wrappers on. Not sure if it’s supposed to be kept at a different humidity or maybe something like that.
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Awesome cigar,"I purchased these to give out as gifts, but after smoking one, I immediately changed my mind and kept them for myself. These are really well made and great tasting cigars."
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Great combo,I order these together and I am enjoying them both.
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,"Full flavor, great taste!","Full flavor, great taste!"
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Easy smoke,Easy smoke
Alec Bradley Prensado,4 out of 5,A little strong at first,"A little strong at first but milds out very
nicely and is a enjoyable smoke"
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Truly excellent cigar.,Truly excellent cigar.
Alec Bradley Prensado,3 out of 5,Worth a shot,"Smoked my first Prensado ...did it look nice prelight? Yes, burn good? Started to go off a tad but corrected itself, no problem there,the taste was pretty consistent if you like that,to the last third,which had a heavier than I like woody taste.All in all,was it a good cigar? Yes....are there better out there for the money?Yes."
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Great cigar,My favorite for the $$
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Consistent Beast,"Really solid and consistent stick. If you like the notes on this one, it might be a boxer for sure."
Alec Bradley Prensado,4 out of 5,Love the cigars,Love the cigars
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Outstanding,My favorite- taste- smell - burn🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥👍
Alec Bradley Prensado,4 out of 5,healthy,healthy
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth
Alec Bradley Prensado,4 out of 5,Top Fiver Here!!! SIZE MATTERS!!,"Presently smoking the 'Churchill' snd this is only my 3rd Prensado. In my opinion, with THIS cigar: SIZE DOES MATTER!!! The 1st one was a ROBUSTO, the 2nd a TORO and now im JUST starting this Churchill. THAT being said, only after smoking the TORO did I see/ believe/ taste what the hype was about; the TORO was AMAAAAAAZZZING!!
It was living up to all those GREAT reviews!
And, so far, this Churchill is holding its own.
Mt suggestion for this one (along with almost EVERY CIGAR is PATIENCE! Let em ready a month or so and toy will NOT be disappointed👍🙏🤞😉"
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Alan Rubin...The Genius!,"Been wanting to purchase a box of these for quite sometime. At the Alec Bradley event at Cigarfest, they had 40% off any box. Didn't pull the trigger and kicked myself for it. A week or so later, CI had 40% and I jumped on it for this box. Alan Rubin is a genius. As others have said, it starts out with a nice buttery smooth taste with a tad bit of spice and coffee and then has a woodsy taste. Absolutely loving this cigar. Easily my favorite Alec Bradley to date. I will let the other 19 sit in the humidor until a special occasion. Up next will be the Magic Toast and I'll get them for Fathers Day."
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley Presidento 6X60,This cigar is excellent it has a great deal going on for a heavy cigar it is so enjoyable to smoke. I found it started out leathery buttery smooth yet with hints of spice and coffee. It transitioned to wood and Earth yet still retaining the light leathery and coffee tastes so interesting and so enjoyable.
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley Presidento 6X60,This cigar is excellent it has a great deal going on for a heavy cigar it is so enjoyable to smoke. I found it started out leathery buttery smooth yet with hints of spice and coffee. It transitioned to wood and Earth yet still retaining the light leathery and coffee tastes so interesting and so enjoyable.
Alec Bradley Prensado,4 out of 5,Presnado,Great tasting cigar. Occasional burn run on side of cigar during the smoke.
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,"Sneak attack strength, fine complex smoke.","Rarely does any cigar knock me on my can, but This Alec Bradley Churchill did just That. OK, probly not a smart choice for a Breakfast stick. 30 minutes in, Im like man I'm feeling woosey. 5 minutes later, I'm eating a box of tick tacs. Still had a good half of the cigar left. Light spice and leather, thought only medium body, don't usually get big strength from medium. After the light headed rush, the deep leather and pepper come in it just blew me away with what a flavor bomb this was. A sneak attack, but one of the best cigars I have had. Also had coffee and cocoa notes on the finish."
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Outstanding,By far one of my favorite two or three non Cubans.
Alec Bradley Prensado,4 out of 5,They’re good.,"Great flavor, easy draw, and doesn’t burn hot. The only reason I give it 4 instead of 5 is because it doesn’t burn even and I have to touch it up quite a bit. This could change if I leave them in the humidor for a month or so. Overall I would recommend this cigar."
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,I like it,I really really like it! I may buy more but only if you do not bother me with any more of these review requests. Just sayin!
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Dressed to impress,"This is a 5 star rating due to the Prensado being a great cigar, absolutely affordable, and it's rated 96! The experts at C.I. know better than I; however, anyone who knows cigars will know you have good taste."
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,My favourite smoke.,I allways have these in my humidor. These are my all time favorite. Smooth and tasty from start to finish.
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Settled in well,Good cigar. It was a little dry when shipped but after a few weeks in the humidor they were very good.
Alec Bradley Prensado,4 out of 5,Oneof my best.,Very smooth smoke.
Alec Bradley Prensado,3 out of 5,A bit harsh for my taste,"Alec Bradley is my go to smoke. However, this one is stronger than others I've had,such as the American Classic. I intend on sticking with AB just not this one."
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Always a favorite,Always a favorite
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,alec bradley prensado robusto,one of my favorite cigars a great everyday smoke.This cigar has a nice smooth draw and a rich flavor that burns evenly from start to finish a must have for every humidor.
Alec Bradley Prensado,3 out of 5,My cigar,These are one of my top 5 go to cigars.
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Prensado,"Awesome stick, if only the cigar gods could bring the prices down full time."
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Reliably good smoke!,"Love the consistency of AB's Prensado, and if I only have an hour to burn a robusto is the perfect smoke."
Alec Bradley Prensado Fumas,5 out of 5,"Pretty good smoke, Great price","Better than I expected for a Cuban sandwich. I love the Prensado, and I really like this Fumas. Get a slightly weaker taste of Prensado for just a couple bucks a stick. Perfect for the golf course, boat, or everyday smoke. I will buy more."
Alec Bradley Prensado Fumas,4 out of 5,"Nice cigars: good flavor, slow","Nice cigars: good flavor, slow burn, well made. For an inexpensive cigar, these are great."
Alec Bradley Prensado Fumas,5 out of 5,Alec Greatly,"Very flavorful, but than It's from Alec Bradley"
Alec Bradley Prensado Fumas,3 out of 5,Very bad burn,"These Alec Bradley cigars do not taste the same as the true Alec Bradley, taste is pretty good, construction is not great and the burn is the worst I have ever had."
Alec Bradley Prensado Fumas,5 out of 5,Best deal I've got in a while.,This might be the best deal on the site. Tasty Prensados for 2 bucks a pop??? Yes please. The full Prensado flavor is there. So is the great slow burn. And the ones I've smoked haven't had any blemish that bothered me. Will buy again for sure
Alec Bradley Prensado Fumas,4 out of 5,Worth every penny,For the money yes it's a great stick. I have had many lose the cap. Most are great. I have had several packs of these. This is a daily stick for me.
Alec Bradley Prensado Fumas,5 out of 5,Do it good price,Glad I got these. Great smokes. Minor blemishes. Burns well and tastes as good as perfect ones.
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Fantastic cigar,"One of the best, if not the best cigar Alec Bradley produces. You will not be disappointed in this cigar."
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,They're excellent,They're excellent
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,4 out of 5,Smoked well,The draw is smooth and it’s burns well. This cigar has a strong tobacco taste that’s ok.
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Cant beat a Prensado,"One of my favorite cigars, i alway jeep a few in my box"
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Love them
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,New favorite,"I normally choose a mild-moderate stick, but this one is full of flavor and not over powering. Definately in my top three, possibly top two."
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,4 out of 5,There fine,There fine
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,4 out of 5,No monkey business,"It doesn’t waste any time doing it’s job in satisfying my cigar craving. Subtle but yet stern on the flavor, no heavy smoke smell. The only Alec Bradley stick I buy."
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Another AB hit,"Excellent burn, tasty body, fulfilling character. Always a treat at CI deals!"
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,"Got this with sampler I made and I loved it!
I’ve not had many cigars from him but this has not been a bad smoke at al! ROLL TIDE!
YEE YEE"
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,This is an excellent cigar but out of all of the AB cigars I rate this sightly behind the Mundial which I think is their best.
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Lost Art Found,"The art is definitely not lost on this cigar. One of the best - great aroma, taste, burn - the whole package. I definitely recommend."
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,4 out of 5,Nice Smoke,I thought it was a good cigar.
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,4 out of 5,Disappointed,"I was a little disappointed, but compared to the actual Prensado, it wasn’t fair. Still a solid stick."
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,AB lost art double T,"Very good, best I have found."
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,4 out of 5,Love the cigar BUT.......my last,"Love the cigar BUT.......my last few orders have come in a very dry condition. As in you can not smoke them for a few weeks because the tobacco is crunchy.
Thank you
BILL"
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Smoked and tasted perfectly. All in box were perfect quality.
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,4 out of 5,Alec Bradley Lost Art,Good flavor. Med Strong. I keep reordering
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Perfection,The title says it all
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Lost Art,Great cigar! Love them!
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,4 out of 5,Lost Art,"Similar to the standard Prensado but a little more complex. Full flavored with a hint of wood, leather and earth; somewhat disappointed with the uneven burn."
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Art lost flavour found,Excellent cigar. Strong flavour easy draw. Burned consistent
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley,Great Love this
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,"I have not found an Alec Bradley I did not like, some a bit more than others. This one is in the really like catagory. Very good cigar start to finish."
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Great cigar,I am a fan of the original presnado. This is a very worthy successor.
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Lost Art,Great cigar completely satisfied start to finish!
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,4 out of 5,It’s good,A very good stick
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke. It lives up to the prior Prensado
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,GOOD Cigar,I love to buy Alac Bradley Cigars. I have not had a bad one yet. Not sure what the rating is yet but it should be in the high 80's to low 90's
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,They were very goood worth,They were very goood worth the money
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Good flavor and constructed well
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Prensado Lost Art,"What ever they did to improve the Prensado, to make Lost Art. Keep up the fantastic work!! Best cigar I have had in a while! I am a devout follower of Alec Bradley. Love all their cigars."
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Prensado,My go to cigar! Never disappoints!
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,ALEC Bradley lost art,Amazing!
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,3 out of 5,Good cigar if you like box pressed.,"I bought a five pack of these because I'm a big fan of Alec Bradley cigars in general but I absolutely hate box pressed sticks and the Prensado is not listed as a pressed cigar so I thought I'd try it due to all the great ratings.
I've just never understood putting a square peg in a round hole.
Anyway maybe that's just me. Just beware if you don't like pressed cigars."
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,WOW,"Great cigar, great taste,burns well. I will definitely be buying more of these"
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Great Smoke's,"Rocky Petal decade - robusto, Man of War - Ruination, Alec Bradley - Rensado lost art toro, La Perla Habana - Black Pearl Morado Belicoso. All fantastic smokes, smooth, just enough bite, I'll be back."
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,great cigar,great cigar
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,2 out of 5,not what I expected from a 95 rating,"If I'm not mistaken, these were touted as earning a 95 rating...they didn't live up to it. Box pressed and fairly well made, the flavor just didn't do anything for me...just a bunch of hot smoke."
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Very good I shared with,Very good I shared with friend though very good also
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Liked them very much,Liked them very much
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Can't go wrong with a Lost Art,"Nice full flavored cigar. Excellent construction, excellent burn, very good smoke output, nice draw. Will always have a few on standby in the humidor!"
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,4 out of 5,Good smke,"Well made, good smoke but not my favorite...."
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,4 out of 5,I like this smoke better,I like this smoke better then the original
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Not disappointed! Amazing smoke!,"I had ordered a series of five packs thinking I was getting the Alec Bradley Prensado, one of my favorite smokes. To my surprise the Prensado Lost Art arrived instead. Hadn’t heard of it, knew nothing about it, but was I glad for my mistake. Fantastic smoke, this box-press cigar is amazing past the band. You will not want to put it down. Give it a go, you will not be disappointed."
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,4 out of 5,Tried 1st time...,"1st time purchase,pleasant surprise ... Full body, full of flavor,well constructed.Worth a light!"
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Frictionless,Frictionless
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Nice selection,Nice selection
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,CIGAR ORDER NEVER LETS ME DOWN,I waited later than normal to order cigars but to no surprise they arrived quicker than expected and ready to smoke. My cigars were humidified and didn't need to spend in my humidor prior to smoking.
Alec Bradley Project 40,5 out of 5,This at one time was a great secret,"Now the secret is out. These smokes are perfect Great tasting, great burn, great draw. Another fine Alec Bradley cigar!!"
Alec Bradley Project 40,5 out of 5,Evening Cigar,"even burn, good daily smoke"
Alec Bradley Project 40,5 out of 5,excellent,Split the Joe's DD amongst my 3 smoker buying club. EVERYONE loved them! Now waiting on 2 $60 boxes of Churchill's from another site! Thanks CI for another great Joe's cigar. WINNING!
Alec Bradley Project 40,5 out of 5,AB Project 40,"Excellent, good-to-great value."
Alec Bradley Project 40,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Alec Bradley Project 40,5 out of 5,Surprisingly smooth and balanced,Surprisingly smooth and balanced
Alec Bradley Project 40,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Medium body cigar with a nice even burn. Good after dinner smoke.
Alec Bradley Project 40,5 out of 5,Great everyday smoke,This is a great cigar for the price. One of my favorite everyday smoked.
Alec Bradley Project 40,5 out of 5,Love the cigars. Actually a,"Love the cigars. Actually a friend of my had given me one to smoke and I really liked it , so I ordered a box .👍"
Alec Bradley Project 40,4 out of 5,Very smooth,Very smooth
Alec Bradley Project 40,5 out of 5,Project 40,Nice smooth smoke. Just the right size!
Alec Bradley Project 40,5 out of 5,Very good cigar,"Was a very tasty cigar. Not too heavy, not light. Very satisfying down to the nub."
Alec Bradley Project 40,4 out of 5,"Phenomenal, but...","I ordered a box of these boys and a few sticks had horrible draws, but the ones that I could get a good smoke from were phenomenal! I’ll definitely be purchasing more in the future."
Alec Bradley Project 40,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"Enjoyed from beginning to end. No real intense flavor development through out but, very nice medium nutty flavor with some creamy notes. Burns straight and construction is top notch. Smoked 5 from the box so far. Definitely on the buy list"
Alec Bradley Project 40,5 out of 5,Heavenly Smoke,"I loooved this stick from the 1st few puffs. Sure it requires some deep drags but it's a 60"" after all! Delicious & highly satisfying. Another gem from Mr. Bradley. A+"
Alec Bradley Project 40,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Great stick at a great price.
Alec Bradley Project 40,4 out of 5,Project 40,"1/19
Remember reviews are subjective, everybody's pallets are different. I got a grass and sweet tobacco flavor with a slightly bitter coffee dryness in the mouth. Amazing construction burned well with good ash. The draw sucks really tight near head. I picked up some mouth spice and more earthy taste further in. Flavors stayed consitant through entire smoke. Good stick except for draw."
Alec Bradley Project 40,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,Excellent smoke
Alec Bradley Project 40,3 out of 5,Hard to draw from,"Tried one tonight. It is so tight I can not get a draw. I've tried a draw pull, cutting under the cap and nothing."
Alec Bradley Project 40,4 out of 5,Another winner from Alec Bradley,I thought I'd try a new blend; the Project 40 in toro. It was a good medium stick. The smoke was plentiful and the burn was good. The flavor was good. Another good Alec Bradley blend.
Alec Bradley Project 40,3 out of 5,Nice everyday smoke,"Nice middle of the road stick. Perfect draw, good construction, but had some veining.
Bright white ash and perfect burn. I’m not good at flavor descriptions, suffice to say I agree with the CI description.
Nothing fantastic here, but a nice everyday smoke. Recommended."
Alec Bradley Sanctum,5 out of 5,Hard To Find,Tried it once from a local cigar shop. Excellent cigar! Discontinued at the store but available at CI.
Alec Bradley Sanctum,5 out of 5,Great cigar,My go to cigar. Absolutely delicious!
Alec Bradley Sanctum,5 out of 5,Great!,No complaints. Another winner by AB.
Alec Bradley Sanctum,4 out of 5,AB,Nice evening 'gar.
Alec Bradley Sanctum,3 out of 5,okay stick,"Not a bad cigar. Sometimes a little tight, but a good cigar for the price. I get a lot of cedar in the flavor, and fairly straight forward. #CIMonteGiveaway"
Alec Bradley Sanctum,5 out of 5,Good smoke.,"This is another fine cigar from A.J. Fernandez. It tastes good, and is smooth."
Alec Bradley Sanctum,5 out of 5,Good,Good
Alec Bradley Sanctum,5 out of 5,Nice Cigar,"Another great cigar, easy draw, even burn, and nice aroma"
Alec Bradley Sanctum,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley,Nice corojo cigar. In the humidor for some age. Looking forward to smoking in the spring
Alec Bradley Sanctum,5 out of 5,Excellent Smoke!,Will recommend every time! Really enjoyed this one.
Alec Bradley Sanctum,4 out of 5,"Good, not great.","Not quite as flavorful as other AB's. However, that's saying alot...still gets 4 stars."
Alec Bradley Sanctum,5 out of 5,I like this cigar,"I bought a AB sampler with one Sanctum in it, and decided that I wanted to try more of them. I like the complexity that kicks in at the end of the first third and might buy more. Medium body, good smoke production, and excellent construction. Good smoke."
Alec Bradley Sanctum,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"I really like this cigar. My friend gave me one to try, and after I smoked it, I put in
an order. Great Cigar !!!"
Alec Bradley Sanctum,4 out of 5,verry good cigar,very good cigar. They have a bit of a pepper taste to them that I like very much. I was very happy with the ten pack deal!!!
Alec Bradley Sanctum,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,"Very nice draw,, burns even, taste good. Overall very good cigar."
Alec Bradley Sanctum,5 out of 5,One of my new favorites,Great cigar! Burns nice and not too strong! I loved it and look forward to my next one!
Alec Bradley Sanctum,5 out of 5,WANT SOME GET SOME!,"Good smoke with a robust flavor, hints of leather coffee and a tad of pepper. Will be buying a box."
Alec Bradley Sanctum,5 out of 5,Great smokes!,These are some of my new favorite cigars
Alec Bradley Sanctum,4 out of 5,Unexpected great experience!!!!,"Enjoying cigars for over 20 years! This cigars has without a doubt top 5 best draw ever , lots of white peppery smoke. Very satisfied."
Alec Bradley Sanctum,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley Sanctum Robusto,Very good cigar
Alec Bradley Sanctum,5 out of 5,Great smoke.,Great smoke.
Alec Bradley Sanctum,3 out of 5,Not My Fave,"Just smoked my 3rd stick. I had been wanting to try this one due to its high rating. Good, even burn; just the right amount of smoke, great on the draw but there are a hundred cigars out there that can do that. The first 3rd was not impressive. I'm normally a full-body smoker but this one was harsh. Not complex in taste. Mediocre at best. 2nd, 3rd the cigar got better but didn't really ring the bell for me. Final third lost ground again. I got a good buy on a 10-pack and I'll smoke the rest of them. But, as far as buying them again, I won't."
Alec Bradley Sanctum,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,"My ability to taste subtle flavors in cigars, coffee, etc., is limited. However, this cigar has overcome this limitation. Great flavor throughout!!"
Alec Bradley Sanctum,5 out of 5,Good deal,Good deal
Alec Bradley Sanctum,4 out of 5,Great smoke!,"This cigar certainly did not disappoint as it was smooth from the first few puffs. Bit milder than expected but robust in flavor, burns cool and taste very even throughout."
Alec Bradley Sanctum,4 out of 5,Good,Good smoke but a little strong for my taste
Alec Bradley Sanctum,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Alec Bradley Sanctum,4 out of 5,Great quick little cigar.,Great quick little cigar.
Alec Bradley Sanctum,4 out of 5,Relaxing,Relaxing smoke
Alec Bradley Sanctum,5 out of 5,Quality sticks from AB,They have a more mellow profile than many others from AB and of course there are times when that is exactly what is needed. Great construction and burn and overall quality you would expect from this brand.
Alec Bradley Sanctum,5 out of 5,I... LOVE... THIS... CIGAR!!!,"This delicious stick is probably my fav robusto smoke! It does no wrong in my book! Great flavor... well-built... great ash... perfect size for an fun outdoor activity, or, just chillin' at the local shop... great smoke!"
Alec Bradley Sanctum,5 out of 5,Unexpected pleasure,On my last order these were in the daily Joe section so I figured why not try them. What an unexpected surprise they are. Hopefully I can let the rest take a little longer rest in my humi and get an even more pleasing smoke. They burn even and have a strong white ash the first few draws were slightly harsh but that faded quickly and the stick maintained a great and balanced flavor the rest of the way. I will order more soon. Thanks again CI for a great quality smoke.
Alec Bradley Sanctum,3 out of 5,Alec Bradley sanctum,"Quick shipping as usual, never had a bad experience with CI, great place to shop."
Alec Bradley Sanctum,4 out of 5,A new favorite,Exceptional smoke. Highly recommend. Even draw and smooth all the way thru.
Alec Bradley Sanctum,5 out of 5,Personal Fav... delivered quick and they're well-made!,"The first ""full"" stick I ever really liked was a Sanctum Toro... But, since I have ""shallow pockets"", I don't order them all that often. I will say that it's a well-made stick. I wish that CI had a deal for more than 5, though. I would surely jump on that bandwagon."
Alec Bradley Sanctum,4 out of 5,VERY NICE,"Very good cigar, smooth and quite tasty."
Alec Bradley Sanctum,4 out of 5,"A nice, refined smoke","I thought this was a milder cigar than the medium-full rating. It may be that the tastes are more subtle. That is not to say it is boring. It is well balanced, has a nice aroma, and produces a good amount of smoke. I plan on getting more of these. I liked it a lot more than the Prensado."
Alec Bradley Select Corojo,5 out of 5,"Stellar medium smoke, with grassy","Stellar medium smoke, with grassy notes and leather. Great draw and even burn."
Alec Bradley Select Corojo,4 out of 5,Smooth and tasty,"Good burn, great flavor. Always a good brand"
Alec Bradley Select Corojo,5 out of 5,Review,Happy with the quality and taste
Alec Bradley Select Corojo,4 out of 5,good smoke for the price,good smoke for the price
Alec Bradley Select Corojo,4 out of 5,Good everyday smoke,This budget Alec Bradley is a great go to for your everyday smoke. Good flavor for a medium bodied smoke.
Alec Bradley Select Corojo,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Great quality cigar at a good price.
Alec Bradley Select Corojo,4 out of 5,Very good taste. Wrapped well.,Very good taste. Wrapped well. I would definitely order again
Alec Bradley Select Corojo,5 out of 5,lecBradley Corojo,"Good construction, great flavor."
Alec Bradley Select Corojo,5 out of 5,nice cigar,nice cigar
Alec Bradley Select Corojo,3 out of 5,They were ok,They were ok
Alec Bradley Select Corojo,4 out of 5,Perfect time,I was looking for a medium to full smoke that lasts about 45-1h. This one fits this bill. Spicy at the end and good value.
Alec Bradley Select Corojo,4 out of 5,Great price okay smoke,"At the price point these cigars are, they provide a good everyday smoker. Nothing special, but certainly good."
Alec Bradley Select Corojo,5 out of 5,Nice budget friendly smoke,Nice budget friendly smoke
Alec Bradley Select Corojo,4 out of 5,ac,good cigar
Alec Bradley Select Corojo,4 out of 5,"Good cigar, burns well","Good cigar, burns well"
Alec Bradley Select Corojo,3 out of 5,A great smoke for a cheap price.,Smooth with hins of sandal wood
Alec Bradley Select Corojo,4 out of 5,AB Select Toro Corojo Bundle,"Excellent long filler cigars. Well constructed, burns well. Very smooth, medium bodied, but great tasting. Love Corojo wrapper, slight box press. Should be on discount sale more often!!"
Alec Bradley Select Corojo,4 out of 5,Very good smoke,Very good smoke
Alec Bradley Select Corojo,5 out of 5,Great sticks at a great price,Very happy with this purchase.
Alec Bradley Select Corojo,4 out of 5,But bad for the price,But bad for the price
Alec Bradley Select Corojo,5 out of 5,Great stick,This is an awesome cigar for that everyday smoke. The price allows you to share them with your buddies. Will definitely buy again.
Alec Bradley Select Corojo,4 out of 5,50/50,"These are a good teasting smoke but one problem 1/2 of them are quiet hard to draw and the other 1/2 are fine and draw properly.
A draw poker doesn't work very well either"
Alec Bradley Select Corojo,4 out of 5,Another Alec Bradley Treat,"Thoroughly enjoyable flavor and aroma. Construction was less than perfect, though. Good, even burn, but a bit tight on the draw until cured with a 1.5mm knitting needle I use to open up a tight cigar when it's needed."
Alec Bradley Superstition,4 out of 5,Nice smoke,Nice smoke
Alec Bradley Superstition,4 out of 5,Better than average - new to me,I hadn’t smoked many Alec Bradley cigars if any in the past. This was well made with nice spice and it burned well. Just a bit oily for my taste.
Alec Bradley Superstition,4 out of 5,Medium body that seems to,Medium body that seems to be a good every day cigars. I’ll buy more in the future.
Alec Bradley Superstition,5 out of 5,Super-yummy,Well made. Good draw. Nice burn. Lots of chewy smoke. You'll know your just had a fine cigar even if you're not superstitious.
Alec Bradley Superstition,5 out of 5,Akec Bradley Superstition,One of my husband's favorite cigars.
Alec Bradley Superstition,4 out of 5,Superstition no 13,Very good cigar with nice price.Great for a quick smoke.
Alec Bradley Superstition,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar,"For me, this particular cigar offers good multi-dimensional flavor and excellent draw without sacrificing construction quality."
Alec Bradley Superstition,5 out of 5,AB Superstition,"Very enjoyable cigar, Got the blend just right for me"
Alec Bradley Superstition,4 out of 5,Not too shabby,4 stars for the price. Out of the 5 pack 1 burned a little wonky and needed some touch ups start to finish BUT it didn’t really affect the taste. I’d buy again if on sale.
Alec Bradley Superstition,4 out of 5,Another Alec Bradley Great Cigar.,Great construction as always. Nice even burn. A Winner!
Alec Bradley Superstition,4 out of 5,Can't go wrong with AB,Can't go wrong with AB
Alec Bradley Superstition,4 out of 5,Good cigar,"Alec Bradley released this one just around the time of the Toast and I think it got lost in translation but it is a nice cigar with a good, long burn and good taste."
Alec Bradley Superstition,4 out of 5,AB Torpedo,Good stick
Alec Bradley Superstition,4 out of 5,Very smooth,Very smooth
Alec Bradley Superstition,5 out of 5,Strong,"If you like a full body cigar, don't pass this one up. Good construction, & draw' I've ordered them twice."
Alec Bradley Superstition,5 out of 5,HIGHLY RECOMMENDED,Great medium taste from start to finish...nice even burn to the end. I introduced this cigar to a few of my friends who have smoked for years and they raved about it. Nice inexpensive cigar with an expensive taste...
Alec Bradley Superstition,4 out of 5,Taste qualities,Nice flavor and sits on the tongue well.
Alec Bradley Superstition,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,"I bought a 5 pack a week ago and like them so much I ordered a box. Good draw, flavor, razor sharp burn. Smoke them down to the nub."
Alec Bradley Superstition,3 out of 5,Lacks consistency.,"I smoked 5 of this cigar and thought they were up my ally. They had elements of darks fruits and medium body. The next 5 had less of a desirable draw, and, hence, the flavors were washed away."
Alec Bradley Superstition,4 out of 5,Alec Bradley Superstitions,Not a bad cigar
Alec Bradley Superstition,5 out of 5,Nice smokes!,"This cigar starts out this 46 flavor States from the beginning chewy flavors that endure throughout the smoke. Not for the faint of heart, this is more of a full-bodied smoke as are most of the AB line. Recommended for the seasoned smoker."
Alec Bradley Superstition,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley Superstition No. 13,An amazing cigar with great flavor and smoke. The wrapper burns evenly and does not come apart. Highly recommend.
Alec Bradley Superstition,2 out of 5,Strong and peppery,Strong and peppery
Alec Bradley Superstition,5 out of 5,Great blend,Nice smoke great hints of Earth leather and spice turns a little bitter at the end if you HotBox it
Alec Bradley Superstition,4 out of 5,Alec Bradley Superstition Torpedo,"First impression is, this is a well made cigar, consistent from beginning to the end, nicely blended tobaccos filler, binder and wrapper. Outer wrapper is smith and without annoying veins in the leaf, smokes medium to full and the taste and flavor is consistent till the end, good job and well made as expected from an Alec Bradley smoke."
Alec Bradley Superstition,5 out of 5,Run and purchase these ASAP,"Wow, was I surprised by this little cigar. Wonderful burn and taste. I've smoke four of them already so they are consistent. The Habano wrapper is one of the best I seen. Can't say enough about this amazing little cigar that burns like a much larger size."
Alec Bradley Superstition,4 out of 5,AB- Superstitution,"Easy draw, steady burn and surprising good taste."
Alec Bradley Superstition,5 out of 5,Great smoke.,I simply can't believe how good it is for the price.
Alec Bradley Superstition,5 out of 5,AB Superstition,Great cigar-very surprised how good for such a low price. Going to buy more.
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Fairly mild compared to some,"Fairly mild compared to some of my other favorite Alex Bradley cigars. I like to smoke the Prensado Lost Art most of the time, but when I am looking for a little change in flavor, I go to the Tempus"
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Loved the new Alec Bradley,Loved the new Alec Bradley Tempus Natural. very smooth and flavorful. It burned slowly and evenly and was very enjoyable.
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Go to!,Huge AB fan!
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,One of my favorites,Always smooth and good burn. One of my favorite go to humidor picks.
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"Love them, steady burn, great flavor"
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Recommended!,"AB makes some of my favorite sticks. This one is 2nd only to the Prensado for me from AB. I've never had a bad Tempus. Quality sticks, good draw, consistent burn. Very enjoyable smoke!"
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,C'mon It's an Alec Bradley,"The box pressed Tempus Quadrum is the best cigar I have ever smoked and that includes the Maduro. This cigar rivals any Cuban cigar, including the Montecristo Cuban, that I have smoked when I was in Canada."
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Delicious Cigars,"good quality, nice and delicious cigars. thanks."
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Tempus Natural,The best
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Perfection,Is Alex Bradley capable of making a bad or even not great cigar? One of my favorite makers.
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Cigarjoe says,I am normally a Gurkha smoker I purchased these because my father has a hard time smoking gurkhas there a little too powerful I love Alec Bradley Tempest they are wonderful I wish there were a little bit thinner I do prefer a 50 gauge unfortunately I'm a little short for it I'm 5 foot 8 and 140 lb so a big ring cigar was kind of funny looking on me everyone that we recommended Tempest anybody easy draw spicy smooth powerful flavor
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Best all around smoke.,This is my go to cigar. Consistently sets the standard for which all cigars should be rated.
Alec Bradley Tempus,4 out of 5,Nice cigar,Starts out as a nice cigar.
Alec Bradley Tempus,4 out of 5,good smoke,"these smoke good easy draw , even burn very enjoyable"
Alec Bradley Tempus,4 out of 5,NICE EASY DRAW GREAT TASTE,NICE EASY DRAW GREAT TASTE
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar,This is one of my favorites.
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Awesome smoke,Awesome smoke
Alec Bradley Tempus,4 out of 5,Not one of my favorite,Not one of my favorite cigars but nevertheless a good cigar
Alec Bradley Tempus,4 out of 5,First Alec Bradley,They were decent. I would purchase again. Decent flavor. Good smoke.
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley Tempus Quadrum,Excellant Cigar! Good flavour and is long lasting.
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Vry enjoyable,"Mild, good wrap and very enjoyable. Woud order these a good part of my orders."
Alec Bradley Tempus,4 out of 5,Very flavorful mid range smoke.,Very flavorful mid range smoke. Would definitely order this cigar again
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Excellent,Highly recommend this cigar!
Alec Bradley Tempus,4 out of 5,Great cigar.,Great cigar.
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Simply awesomeness,Simply awesomeness
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Good product,Nice smoke
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Awesome,Great smoke from Alec Bradley!
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Great smoke.,One of my all time favorite cigars. Great smoke with multiple flavor changes.
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Alec Bradley Tempus,4 out of 5,Great,Great
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,One of My Top 3,Alec Bradley Tempus is one of my top 3 favorite cigars of all time.
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Always need a box for,Always need a box for vacation!
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,ALEC BRADLEY TEMPUS QUADRUM,The Tempus Quadrum sits high on my list of fine cigars. The flavor begins bold and strong and remains consistent to the end. The Tempus Quadrum lasts considerably longer than other cigars. A must try for any lover of cigars.
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Tempus,"Great smoke
Smoke’m if you got’em if you don’t got’em get’em."
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Terrific,"This may be my favorite cigar right now. Full-bodied, excellent construction, excellent burn, and a rich, creamy flavor, the Tempus is well deserving of its CA #5 ranking for 2017. If not for my adoration of the Serie V, there would be no question. I've got a Serie V and a Serie V Melanio marinating in my humidor right now, waiting for a trip to Mexico in a few weeks. I'll be sure to compare the Tempus against those to see which is my favorite."
Alec Bradley Tempus,3 out of 5,"Full flavored, a bit harsh","Full flavored, a bit harsh at the end."
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Top End Cigar!,"Well constructed, excellent draw, burns evenly to the end. Not too heavy, but lots of flavor. One of my favorites from Alec!!"
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley Tempus,Full bodied beauty. Sophisticated blend with a nice burn and easy draw. Use a straight clean cut so the head doesn't break up when you finish.
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Just need to let them,Just need to let them percolate in humidor a while. Very nice.
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,"Beautifully built, beautiful even burn,","Beautifully built, beautiful even burn, excellent flavor"
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Is a really great smoke.
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,GREAT STICK,Not an expert but VERY MUCH enjoy this rich smoke
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley Tempus,"Fantastic cigar, full bodied but doesn’t overpower you. Consistent from beginning to end. You can’t go wrong with the Tempus Quadrum"
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Very good!,Can't go wrong with these. Good draw. Good taste.
Alec Bradley Tempus,4 out of 5,Great stick..,This is one I keep in my rotation 😁
Alec Bradley Tempus,4 out of 5,Close to 5 stars,"This cigar has smooth aged smoke, good flavors and great construction. If the draw were just a little looser, it would be absolutely perfect."
Alec Bradley Tempus Fumas,4 out of 5,"Good smoke, Great price","5 stars for the price, 3.5 stars for the cigar. The Fumas is,... good, but by no means great. It’s what I expected from a Cuban sandwich: pay just a little bit of money and get a (weaker) taste of a really good smoke, the AB Tempus Natural. If you really like the Tempus Natural, you should like this less expensive watered down version for the golf course, or an everyday smoke."
Alec Bradley Tempus Fumas,5 out of 5,Very good,Very good
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Weekend,Enjoy on the weekend
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Dynamite Cigar,"These cigars are my favorite on the planet. Whenever CI has a sale on them, I stock up. This cigar is explosive in terms of flavor and body...they remind me of the Cubans I have smoked over the course of my cigar smoking life. In fact they may be better than any Cuban I have smoked. I LOVE THEM!"
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar. burns evenly and,Excellent cigar. burns evenly and slowly with great taste
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Typical Alec Bradley Quality,The meaning of Tempus - “Time Flies” What? This cigar slows down your pace. I find the Maduro having a smooth full body taste. The burn brings a quality ash without cigar self destructing. ALWAYS have the Alec Bradley Tempus family in my humidor. Quality!
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,4 out of 5,One of my favorites!,Love the intensity of a fine Maduro!
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Great FULL Body,"Although shorter burning than what I prefer, these cigars are great tasting and with an amazing smell that is my after-dinner dessert."
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,"great smoke, did not realize","great smoke, did not realize it's kind of a boxpress but a grat cigar"
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,4 out of 5,"Nice, but...","Very enjoyable smoke, but difficult to keep lit for some reason - the cigar, not me."
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Don't pass this one up,One of the nicest cigars I've enjoyed.The burn is smooth and long lasting with deep flavors Going to indulge in one now
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Another great deal!,"Great smoke, everything you want in a maduro. Definitely will buy these again!"
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,3 out of 5,Okay,"Huge Alec Bradley fan - but found these to be okay at best. Hard to stay lit, lack of long leaf filler and a non-distinctive taste."
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent short stick,"Great smoke by Alec super burn and drawl with
Really good taste all the way through"
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Love these cigars will order,Love these cigars will order again soon
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,very good,love these cigars
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar,One of alec Bradley's best
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,wonderful stick. Love it.,wonderful stick. Love it.
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,3 out of 5,Good cigars. No great but,Good cigars. No great but good
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Great stick,The flavor and construction of this stick is fantastic. I definitely recommend this one.
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,"great flavor, solid ash, long","great flavor, solid ash, long burn."
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Great deal,Great deal
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,A+ Cigar!,"I'm new to cigars, but I've gotta say these are awesome. My first cigar purchase was the Gurkha Churchill sampler just to get my feet wet. So far I've smoked the Beast, Grand Age, and the Status, none of those were bad but the Tempus Maduro blows them away in my opinion. This is only my fourth cigar and it's the first one where I'm noticing different flavors. Mainly dark chocolate and coffee, it's also a very smooth cigar. At first I thought I might be going overboard buying a whole box of premium cigars I hadn't previously tried, but in the end I'm very happy with my purchase."
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,4 out of 5,Good stogie,It was an all round enjoyable time.
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Enjoyable cigar,A great smoke for everyone. I had these for a Vegas trip with some friends and everyone complimented how good they are.
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Affordable High quality,"Great draw, burn, flavor and finish. Easily a cigar for special occasions."
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Tempus,Intimidating looking cigar but it was very smooth for a Maduro wrapped cigar from beginning to end
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,"Great cigar, well constructed with","Great cigar, well constructed with good draw. Highly recommend."
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,4 out of 5,Good cigar for the price,Good cigar for the price if you enjoy a bold cigar!
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Loving Maduros,I haven't been smoking long and started out with mild cigars. That got boring real quick. Had a Maduro in sampler and liked it. Decided to try these and I am very glad I did. So much flavour!
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,4 out of 5,Really a 4 1/2,"This cigar bears all of the qualities of a regular Tempus except it has the rich characteristics of a Maduro. I rate it as one of the best maduros I have ever smoked. If you like Maduro cigars, you will love this one."
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Better Than Expected,"When I order samplers I find they are ok, but I smoked the Tempus and immediately ordered a box of ten. Very smooth throughout."
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,4 out of 5,Solid +,"Nice cigar. Well constructed, good taste, nothing to rave about."
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar on my favorite,Great cigar on my favorite list
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,3 out of 5,Average Cigar,"It’s a good cigar, but wouldn’t buy it again."
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,3 out of 5,Unimpressed,Heavily dyed wrapping... Uneven burn... Decent flavor... First Alec Bradley ever I was disappointed with
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Yummy Exquisite cigars,The Alec Bradley tempus Maduro is very delicious and full body cigar and I would recommend it to anyone who knows anything about a good tasting cigar
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Very good cigar
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,3 out of 5,Not bad for the cost,These were ok for the price point but I would not seek these cigars out to buy them again. Good for something to burn while golfing or cutting the lawn.
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Top notch cigars,These are Great!
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Fabulous smoke. Glad I bought 2 packs of 5 rather than only one. I have now tried all of the Alec Bradley Tempus cigars and I have only good things to say about all of them
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,"A rich, full-flavored blend that's","A rich, full-flavored blend that's smooth and balanced from start to finish. Divinities notes of coffee, cocoa, and a hint of pepper. Slightly sweet finish."
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley for the win,"Got these in Make Me an Offer a while back. Pat yourself on the back and treat yourself to a real experience of a stick with this one. This was my first AB of many, and the brand is now my go to stick. You really are getting yourself a true, fantastic smoking experience when you go with Alec Bradley. Get some!"
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke!...... my new favorite go to cigar for a full bodied cigar!!,Wish I had tried Alec Bradley line sooner!
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,1 out of 5,Bad choice,"First bad experience from CI, flavor is good, but these cigars don’t draw well at all, they burn very uneven (runners). First 6 cigars in the box all have the same problem and I have not smoked the rest. Pretty much unsmokeable"
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,A/B Tempus Mad,Excellent taste. Good size. Superb quality. Great price
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,great cigars,Love these cigars!!
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,4 out of 5,Pretty Good,"Notice I didn't say ""great."" The CAO camshaft beats this one in price and flavor IMO. I've always liked the AB brand, liked the FIXX, etc., but I think CAO has ruined me! Maybe a bit more aging will help these gars."
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,3 out of 5,cigar were fresh,"i like the cigars but not as much as i like the regular Tempus, is a good cigar but not my thing."
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,One of the best cigars I’ve ever smoked 👍
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Actually a 4.5,"If Tempus Quadrum is a 5, the Nicaragua Quadrum is definitely a 4.5. Where it lacks in body compared with the Tempus Quadrum, it makes up for it in taste. The Nicaragua has many spicy elements and, by the way, it too is full bodied. It is a really nice smoke!"
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great cigar. Seemed a little,Great cigar. Seemed a little lighter than the Maduro which suits my taste. Burned slowly and evenly with great flavors
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Another favorite!,"Nice all around smoke , as expected from AB!"
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Good flavor stick and consistent,"Good flavor stick and consistent throughout, not too bold. Will definitely keep these in my humidor"
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great Smooth Smoke,"I happened upon these. Got them with a 5 pack bundle, get five of one kind, and five of another. I got the bundle for the Predomo's in it, but also knew Alec Bradley was no slouch. When I tried these I was really surprised. I really liked the flavor, the smooth smoke and great burn. Taste developed well over the whole cigar, which is what I really look for. At the end I found I didn't want to give it up! I just kept the nub!! That's when I realized I gotta get some more of these!!"
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Smooth and excellent all the,Smooth and excellent all the way through
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Tempus Nicaragua,Great cigar. Good draw great taste start to finish. Highly recommend!
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Super cigar,Great smoke
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,3 out of 5,Good smokes,Good smokes
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,My Go To Cigar,"When I want good rich flavor, satisfying smoke, this is my favorite."
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Tempus Nicaragua,"The best cigar I’ve ever tasted. Great balance of flavors, the right draw. Ufff, this one is special"
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Tempus Nicaragua quantum,Really good smoke leather coffee chocolate notes will smoke again soon
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,saisfying smoke,This is one of my favorites. It is long on flavor.
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Very good cigar!,"I've enjoyed every Alec Bradley cigar I've smoked. Excellent construction, great taste right down to the end. Can't go wrong with these. Will buy again."
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Awsome love them,Awsome love them
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,3 out of 5,They are fair not the,They are fair not the bezt of the lot
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,First time smoke,"Bought these in a sampler deal, great smoke!"
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Great cigar,"Nice medium cigar, great taste,great burn and draw. Just have to get used to a box press is all. Will buy more."
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,One of my favorite cigars...,And I really like the 5X55 box press. Great flavor and burns well...
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Nice surprise,"Bought these on a deal, figured worth a try, well I’m sorry I didn’t get more. Was very happy with the smoke, smooth great flavor, smoked it down til I burnt my fingers. I will definitely be keeping these stocked in my humidor from now on. Thanks CI for the deal that got me to try these."
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Nutty pleasure,"Very well made, fruity-nutty taste, easy draw... pure pleasure."
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great Stick!,"I don’t think Alec Bradley can makes a bad cigar!! This one is full of dark cocoa, toast and a great even burn."
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Tempus Nicaragua,"Very smooth, with just a hint of black pepper on the back of the tongue. Alec does it again!"
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great taste,An awesome cigar. Got the deal and I could not be more pleased. It's a coin flip between these and Olivia V. You won't be disappointed.
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Tempus,I like this one better than the other blends with the Tempus name. This is a great smoke
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Quedrum,Decent smoke good draw as most box pressed are
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Nice,Smooth good burning flavorful amoke that i wpuld buy again..The i amoke alec bradlys the better i like em
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great,Loves these cigars !!
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Another stunner,"Gray cigar. Earthy, nuttiness abound."
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,My favorite Quadrum,My favorite of the Quadrum series. Great cigar
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great smoke and always consistent,"Great smoke and always consistent burn with wonderful flavor.Would but
Again
PatGummerson
Crystal Lake,Il"
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke.,"I like to keep these in my humidor, an excellent stogie I enjoy them very much, cudos to CI for having them in stock at such an affordable price."
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Melllow,"For a Nicaraguan cigar, it's very smooth without a lot of pepper kick. Definitely different."
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Cigars always fresh!,"I am glad I moved over to Cigars International a few years back, every order I make is always fresh. The quality never disappoints"
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Not in my price budget,A lil expensive for me but good flavors
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,How do you make great to Awesome?,"When I take a deep look in my heart I know I am a Nicaraguan Cigar man, that being said Alec Bradley created a beast with this version of the classic Tempus line."
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Greatest,Smooth i just aint got the words
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great flavor nice draw
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,great,This was a great cigar. I buy it when I get a deal otherwise out of my price range. Buy um if you can.
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Johnny Vegas,Alec Bradley is one of my fave brands. My fave cigar is the Tempus Nicaragua Quadrum size. It is true quality smoke all the way.
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,3 out of 5,Tempus Nicaragua,"Tightly wrapped cigar that draws hard, burns even but is hard to keep lit. Smooth tasting cigar."
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Amazing cigar,I will buy again
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Thank You,My order came in a timely manner and the cigars were fresh.
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,2 out of 5,Disappointing,This batch burned unevenly.
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Quality cigar for your money,"I first purchased 10 of these with some other package deals that was offered. After smoking a couple, I must say was very impressed! If your looking for a med to full that delivers a long refreshing smoke. I would highly recommend. I have since ordered another 60 for my humidor. Nicely constructed cigars!"
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Good golf cigar,"A nice mild smoke, but a little weird in that the cigar is rectangular in shape."
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua Quadrum,"AB makes great cigars and this one will not disappoint you!! Great wrapper, smoke and flavors!!"
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,There is none better than,"There is none better than an Alex Bradley, especially at a great price."
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Product and service,"I'm satisfied with my choice, quality of the product, and next day delivery was a surprise."
Alec Bradley Texas Lancero,5 out of 5,Thee TEXAS BOSS,Very good giant cigar!!! And i love the price!!! I nicknamed this baby the BOSS OF ALL BOSSES... TASTE GREAT!!
Alec Bradley Texas Lancero,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great taste
Alec Bradley Texas Lancero,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Great choice for a premium cigar at a modest price.
Alec Bradley Texas Lancero,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley,Real smooth smoke and long lasting.
Alec Bradley Texas Lancero,5 out of 5,AB Lancero,Excellent cigar like all Alec Bradley Cigars
Alec Bradley Texas Lancero,5 out of 5,Love it!,One of my favs!!! Big cigar for a big alpha male!!!
Alec Bradley Texas Lancero,5 out of 5,Absolutely Love this Cigar,Complex and subtle flavors are arainged in this cigar. Force yourself to step off the rat wheel and enjoy this Cigar with a rye adult beverage. Flavor will burst on your palet. Hope this helps.
Alec Bradley Texas Lancero,5 out of 5,Big Stick with Great Taste!,"I'm smoking a Texas Lancero now as I write this review. Keep in mind I just got my five back in and this first stick has only been in my humidor for a day. I'll let the other sit for a while. I am very impressed. I did not expect the depth of flavor that I'm getting from the cigar. The draw is perfect and the burn is slow. I love the natural sweetness of the tobacco as well as the hint of pepper without being overwhelming. If you want to run with the big dogs and can handle a big stick, then I highly recommend the a AB Texas Lancero!"
Alec Bradley Texas Lancero,5 out of 5,All about the CI magazine,Great selection and service. I had to order the Texas Lancero just to have it in my collection. Can't wait for the CI magazine to come every month so I can plan my next order.
Alec Bradley Texas Lancero,5 out of 5,Big Cigar,"Very good smoke, right size for visit to casino, not to strong or to mild. Would purchase again."
Alec Bradley Texas Lancero,4 out of 5,Football Game,Light it a kickoff and smoke it until the game is over.
Alec Bradley Texas Lancero,2 out of 5,Texan Like A Pumpjack,"As a Texan, Alec Bradley fan and owner of several big trucks I can only say this cigar tastes like diesel. In the best possible way, but after several tastes with different lighting methods and full smokes; I am overwhelmed by the taste of fuel."
Alec Bradley Texas Lancero,5 out of 5,An awesome smoke!,"this is a great cigar from beginning to end, also it doesn't loose it's smooth taste all the way or how it burns. It took me almost 2 hours to kick back, relax and enjoy a awesome smoke"
Alec Bradley Texas Lancero,5 out of 5,every thing is big inTexas!,"There are better smokes inAB line of smokes,but this is a good smoke.Be ready too spend an evening when lighting this one up."
Alec Bradley Texas Lancero,3 out of 5,taste was fair. like the,taste was fair. like the ring size. a bit of a harsh finish. but overall a good cigar
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,"very good medium cigar, very","very good medium cigar, very consistent"
Alec Bradley The Lineage,4 out of 5,"Great smoke, easy flavor, great","Great smoke, easy flavor, great with coffee and good friends."
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,My ideal golf smoke!,"Nice size, ideal for a round of golf. Excellent taste and burn. Paper gets a little dry at times."
Alec Bradley The Lineage,4 out of 5,Smooth and well flavored.,Smooth and well flavored.
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley Gordp,Again...a really nice smooth smoke
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,Great 'gar. Great flavor. Great draw.,This is a cigar to savor. It matches smooth and mellow with great flavor.
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Loved every minute of this smoke
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,Delicious Cigars,"good quality, nice and delicious cigars. thanks."
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,A true cigar...,"This guy is one of the better cigars I've had in a while! It has a medium to full bodied flavor from beginning to end. I enjoy it so much, I've added it to me list of regular smokes."
Alec Bradley The Lineage,4 out of 5,Another hit from AB,"AB is one of my fav brands, and the Lineage is another hit. Great construction, perfect draw, even burn.
This a really good medium strength stick. Smooth, with gobs of creamy smoke and a nice taste, not to much pepper. It’s a 90 degree afternoon in S.E. Pa. and this cigar works well with a nice cold Troegs Sunshine Pilsner. Get one and enjoy ! ( get a bottle of Sunshine too if you can ) Prost !"
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,Fav,Fav
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,Nice Smoke,"Bought these as a sampler. They are really nice. Good flavor, easy draw right down to the fingers. Alec Bradley's are a little pricey for me, but any time I can get them in a promo or sampler, I jump right on them!"
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley Lineage,Great smoke! I'm never disappointed when I buy this stick!
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth Cigar. Great smoke.
Alec Bradley The Lineage,4 out of 5,They are very good,They are very good
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,Lineage,"For me, I find this to be a very good blend. Medium grade, very smooth."
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,great smoke,great smoke
Alec Bradley The Lineage,4 out of 5,Alec Bradley,Very good smoke
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,They were very good and,They were very good and long lasting
Alec Bradley The Lineage,4 out of 5,Ok little strong for me,Ok little strong for me
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,Good Smoke,"The pack I received was well cared for and offered an enjoyable, pleasant smoke."
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,great for special occasions,great smoke
Alec Bradley The Lineage,4 out of 5,Quality Smoke,It’s a great cigar for the price with a good draw
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley The Lineage Gordo,Great cigars
Alec Bradley The Lineage,4 out of 5,Gordo a go-go,"Salmagundi, ordered on Monday, Shipped on Tuesday, Arrived on Wednesday, Enjoyed on Thursday, Again on Friday, Reviewed on Saturday, Relaxed on Sunday and that is end of Salmagundi."
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,I enjoyed these cigars. Good,I enjoyed these cigars. Good flavor and well constructed. One of the five seemed to have a tight draw but over all a good cigar. Will buy again
Alec Bradley The Lineage,4 out of 5,Burn,must relite often.
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,Fantastic Smoke,Smooth and enjoyable from light up to the last toke.
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,nice and smooth,nice and smooth
Alec Bradley The Lineage,3 out of 5,alec Bradley lineage,"A little to strong for me , I like a milder cigar"
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,I took a chance on the offered special. I must admit I was beyond surprised with the quality and the enjoyment these cigars afforded me. They are definitely contenders and I will order a bundle next time.
Alec Bradley The Lineage,4 out of 5,cigars were good. nice draw!,cigars were good. nice draw! very fresh
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,"Quality cigar, quality service..","Quality cigar, quality service.."
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,A Must purchase,"Slow even burn
Robust
Smooth taste"
Alec Bradley The Lineage,4 out of 5,"One flaw, one time - then Excellent!","I got a five pack of these when I decided to try out several cigars I had never tried. I had the Prensada before and was impressed, so I decided to try the Legend. Unfortunately the first one was slightly plugged and was a disappointing smoke through the first half of the cigar. But the next two were wonderful, and I don't mean just he draw. I am thinking I just got unlucky as these are wonderfully flavored cigars. A nice full mouth feeling, as should be expected from a good large rind gauge. Flavor was quite consistent and I smoked it all the way to the nub since it was so good."
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Alec Bradley The Lineage,4 out of 5,Good Cigar,Good flavor
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,Love this stick,Love this stick
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,Great for the price.,"Good draw and build. Long lasting, lots of smoke and taste. Great value, would buy again."
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,Alec bradley,"Very smooth on initial light, draw easy throughout, easy to keep lite, one of the best,"
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,The Lineage,Great cigar-great flavor all the way to the end. Very consistent.
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,Great Cigar!,Excellent flavor. Nicely wrapped with a good draw. Great smoke. Definitely in the 90+ for a reason.
Alec Bradley The Lineage,3 out of 5,Tough draw,Disappointed with this. cigar. Tough draw and a little too harsh for my expectations.
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,One of my favorites,"I’ve bought a few boxes of different Alec Bradley’s over the past few years. (And btw CI consistently has one of the best prices). AB has better cigars by ratings, but this is one of the smoothest, most enjoyable, consistent choices of their excellent line."
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,Enjoyed it. Slow burning,Enjoyed it. Slow burning
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,The Linage,Excellent taste and smooth!
Alec Bradley The Lineage,4 out of 5,an excellent smoke,an excellent smoke
Alec Bradley The Lineage,4 out of 5,"Nice,smooth, leathery taste","Nice,smooth, leathery taste"
Alec Bradley The Lineage,3 out of 5,Ok,flavor profile is sort of bland to me. But i dont think that this cigar was bad by any means. Just wouldn’t be jumping to smoke one again.
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,A little disapointed. I got,A little disapointed. I got them in a sampler pack and didnt pay attention to the ring size. They were no more than brown cigarettes. I had purchased boxes of them before but bigger ring size. My bag.
Alec Bradley V2L Black,4 out of 5,Great smoke,"Always draws well, consistent burn and flavor."
Alec Bradley V2L Black,4 out of 5,Good cigar,The entire Alec Bradley line is full of surprises. This cigar also had great workmanship and was full of flavor.
Alec Bradley V2L Black,5 out of 5,V2L Black - Alec Bradley,it's a great smoke! I've ordered them before and will again!
Alec Bradley V2L Black,5 out of 5,V2L Black Gordo,Great smoking cigar...my go to stick.
Alec Bradley V2L Black,3 out of 5,In A Pinch,Not bad. Draw not consistent
Alec Bradley V2L Black,3 out of 5,Not bad,Not his best. Have to re touch a few times. Overall ok for the price
Alec Bradley V2L Black,5 out of 5,Fabulous,Best cigar in my humidor. Tight. Nice smoke line. Flavor is great
Alec Bradley V2L Black,4 out of 5,Awesome buy,If there was a separate rating for “value” cigars this would be a 6 star cigar. Awesome smoke for the price
Alec Bradley V2L Black,4 out of 5,V2L black robusto,"Great smoke....good,even burn ...not a bad stick in the bundle."
Alec Bradley V2L Black,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,Perfect draw incredible flavor
Alec Bradley V2L Black,4 out of 5,A-Bradley V2L,"Alec Bradley V2L is a magnificent smoke from start to finish. It starts out spicy and carries it throughout for a very satisfying strong - medium smoke. The 6.5×60 smoked slow and even throughout, very enjoyable!"
Alec Bradley V2L Black,5 out of 5,very good smoke,Very well made. I would recommend this Alec Bradley.
Alec Bradley V2L Black,5 out of 5,Must have more!!!,These are a permanent fixture in the humidor!!!
Alec Bradley V2L Black,4 out of 5,great desert cigar,Fairly mild. Smooth draw and relaxing smoke
Alec Bradley V2L Black,4 out of 5,Not bad at all!,"Nice cigar with a flavor that’s more robust than I usually enjoy, but something about these makes them quite a good little smoke for those times I don’t have a lot of time."
Alec Bradley V2L Black,5 out of 5,Very nice...,"Surprisingly good, deep flavor. A very nice smoke medium body very nice finish. I'm buying more of these!"
Alec Bradley V2L Black,5 out of 5,Try them,"Thanks c.i for the fast delivery. Got my sticks on time . And couldn't wait to lite it up. Great flyover from start to finish,even burn. Ash didn't stay on as long as I like.,not over powerful ,but consistent flavor all the way down to nub. Didn't even get hot.. so go try them for the price. Thanks C.I"
Alec Bradley V2L Black,5 out of 5,A GREAT Cigar!,"I have ordered these before, and again, did not disappoint! I thoroughly enjoy having one of these after coming home from work. And the price is awesome!"
Alec Bradley V2L Black,4 out of 5,Keeps Promise,Consistent burn. Full of flavor. Will not disappoint
Alec Bradley V2L Black,5 out of 5,vg,Very good smoke
Alec Bradley V2L Black,5 out of 5,Really like these!,"These are a nice long smoke, maybe two hours just puffing on them. They have a nice consistant flavor throughout, not bitter or harsh. These will be a regular in my humidor!"
Alec Bradley V2L Black,4 out of 5,Nice Relaxing Smoke,Is full of Favor
Alec Bradley V2L Black,5 out of 5,V2L experience,"I’m not big on writing reviews, so the short and sweet of it is, essentially the V2L delivers as promised. A full flavored bundle of deliciousness will tantalize your tastebuds from light to finish. Buy it. Smoke it. Claim the day."
Alec Bradley V2L Black,4 out of 5,Can't go wrong with Alec Bradley,"Medium to full cigar, great taste, long even burn. For the price can't ask for better."
Alec Bradley V2L Black,4 out of 5,Ok for price,Ok for price
Alec Bradley V2L Black,4 out of 5,V2l,Good everyday cigar and a good price
Alec Bradley V2L Black,5 out of 5,Great Cigar!,"I received these yesterday, so naturally I had to try one out right away. Let me tell you, I was not disappointed.Great taste to go with an even burn! Can't wait to see how they are after they've been in my humidor for a while! I would most definitely buy these again."
Alec Bradley V2L Black,5 out of 5,Liked the Bradley line thought,Liked the Bradley line thought I would give them a try. I was not disappointed
Alec Bradley White Gold,5 out of 5,Never smoked any,"I have a friend that loves these cigars so i buy a 2 boxes a year for him for his birthday and Christmas. I Am not a cheapskate. I bought him 20 edges once and he didn’t like them he wanted these. So my pal is about what he actually likes, not what a cigar costs."
Alec Bradley White Gold,4 out of 5,"Just a good, mild cigar.","I like a mild cigar and I like the flavor of the Alec Bradley White Gold ones. The burn well and don't get ""hot"" toward the end. So, I get to enjoy them all the way to the end."
Alec Bradley White Gold,4 out of 5,Nice mild smoke,Nice mild smoke
Alec Bradley White Gold,5 out of 5,Great mellow cigar,Great mellow cigar
Alec Bradley White Gold,4 out of 5,Pretty good stick.,"Pretty good cigar. Burns well, even and stays lit. Good taste, i will be buying these again. The would make a good everyday stick."
Alec Bradley White Gold,5 out of 5,Mild and tasty,I started with a 5!pack and liked them so decided to grab a box. Nice everyday Affordable smoke from a great product line.
Alec Bradley White Gold,3 out of 5,"Alec, Alec, Alec you eventually won me over on this one!","I know Alec, like Alec's Black Market, Prensado, American Sun Grown, and Tempus (but not lets focus on Tempus), these are all amazing cigars. Prensado has a permanent spot in my humidor. But Alec you kind threw me curve ball with White Gold, with your track record i bought a whole box of these, and upon my first cigar, immediately regretted my purchase. But a solid 7 or so in these grew on me, and now i quite like them. It is a great warm up cigar, light on flavour, but very well constructed. If you can get these a good price then i would recommend."
Alec Bradley White Gold,5 out of 5,Good daily smoke,"Awesome mild smoke for the price. Hand them out when golfing every week due to the cost.
Usually a consistent burn."
Alec Bradley White Gold,5 out of 5,White gold,Great little cigar for the price put it down in the ashtray it will stay lit quite some time great Ash
Alec Bradley White Gold,4 out of 5,Not too bad,Good knock-about smoke. The Puck is good too. Only complaint- you were out of General Grants!
Alec Bradley White Gold,4 out of 5,White Gold,were at a great price...
Alec Bradley White Gold,3 out of 5,"Over all a good ""everyday"" smoke","Over all a mild flavored cigar, but was a little drier than I like."
Alec Bradley White Gold,4 out of 5,Pleasant mild cigar with a,Pleasant mild cigar with a good draw and taste.
Alec Bradley White Gold,4 out of 5,Everyday stick,"Solid stick with an agreeable taste. Burns for about 45 minutes. Smells of hay and grass, also subtlety sweet. The wrap attractive and is nicely done, comparable to the wrap on some $6-$10 sticks. The taste starts off bland and just tastes like a cheap mild cigar. It must be noted that the construction under the wrapper is about what you would expect for this price range. You will get canoeing and runs, After smoking quite a few I have noticed evenly lighting these cigars are more important than usual. As you hit the .5"" mark you start to get the mild creamy notes. These slightly sweet creamy notes are lost in the last two inches. Replaced by earthy leathery notes. Things can get bitter if puffed too quickly. In conclusion, the mixed filler comprised of nice aged tobaccos paired with an visually appealing wrapper make for an great value everyday smoke. I really enjoy these cigars and recommend them."
Alec Bradley White Gold,4 out of 5,Good,"I bought the box of 20. A few were loose, some didn’t hold an ash well , some burned somewhat even. But I have to say they are an all around good stick for the price."
Alec Bradley White Gold,4 out of 5,Its a mild smoke and,Its a mild smoke and the price is great
Alec Bradley White Gold,5 out of 5,White Gold,"Excellent price, perfect size with a nice mellow body. Definitely purchase again."
Alec Bradley White Gold,5 out of 5,Perfect budget/daily stick!,"This cigar is fantastic for the price! At around $2-$2.50 a stick you can’t beat it. If you like smooth, creamy, and inexpensive, buy a box now! I’ve shared these with friends and family and everyone loves them! They burn a little faster than a more expensive stick but are still Alec Bradley quality. I can’t understand any review less than 5 stars considering the price... delicious a new go to for me!"
Alec Bradley White Gold,5 out of 5,Great deal. Great smoke,Great deal. Great smoke
Alec Bradley White Gold,4 out of 5,Great smoke,a great everyday smoke
Alec Bradley White Gold,3 out of 5,"Morning smoke, a little inconsistent","Morning smoke, a little inconsistent burn. But not that bad."
Alec Bradley White Gold,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley White gold cigars,I love the cigar it’s awesome and has smooth and mellow nuances of cream toast and gentle spices it burns very well and a very enjoyable cigar
Alec Bradley White Gold,5 out of 5,Mellow to the end,Just received these near perfect roll golden brown silky smooth wrapper great looking box and bands punched it and got a near perfect drae probably the mellowest and smoothest cigar I've smoked so far not very complex but tasty and leaves a wonderfull white pepper tast great for a newbie or or if you just want a mellow smoke. Thanks CI.
Alec Bradley White Gold,5 out of 5,Yummy,Yummy
Alec Bradley White Gold,5 out of 5,a box of cigars,This was for my brother in law for his birthday. I love the deals on Joe Cigar and so did he!!
Alec Bradley White Gold,5 out of 5,some burn uneven but like,some burn uneven but like the flavor
Alec Bradley White Gold,4 out of 5,Smooth burn and smoke,Second time I have ordered these. Nice smooth enjoyable smoke.
Alec Bradley White Gold,3 out of 5,Mild Gold!,Nice mild cigar!
Alec Bradley White Gold,3 out of 5,"Ok, not too bad",Better than expected to be honest. Not a bad everyday stick. Good value.
Alec Bradley White Gold,3 out of 5,Not packed real tight. A,Not packed real tight. A little to chewy . Hard to keep lit. Great taste
Alec Bradley White Gold,3 out of 5,average,average
Alec Bradley White Gold,3 out of 5,Alex Bradley White Gold Toro,"These cigars rolled to lose, hard to kept lit."
Alec Bradley White Gold,5 out of 5,My friend loves them,My friend loves them
Alec Bradley White Gold,3 out of 5,Alec Bradley White Golf Churchill,"Alec Bradley is my personal choice for a mild ,good cigar. Normally the White
Gold is a perfect fit for my taste but for some reason the outer wrapper leaf
on the last two orders of this cigar start to peel off as soon as you unwrap
them making for a not so nice cigar that doesn't taste that great and doesn't
want to stay lit."
Alec Bradley White Gold,4 out of 5,Inexpensive mild smoke with an,"Inexpensive mild smoke with an easy draw, burns evenly and stays lit during your smoke."
Alec Bradley White Gold,5 out of 5,Great.,Worth every penny!!
Alec Bradley White Gold,4 out of 5,Good cigar!,Surprisingly good cigar for the price. Would purchase again.
Alec Bradley White Gold,5 out of 5,Great smoke for the price,Great smoke for the price
Alec Bradley White Gold,5 out of 5,Best cigar,Best cigarUnfortunately I cannot get the mistakes cigar these are more expensive but just as good
Alec Bradley White Gold,4 out of 5,Great everyday smoke,"A sleeper hit. Get some now before everyone figures out how good these are. Good,even draw, and a nice, smooth taste. A really good every day smoke, or something to fire up with mowing the lawn and doing chores. Not overly aggressive in it's presence, but a nice cigar to get you through the day."
Alec Bradley White Gold,3 out of 5,Good medium smoke a little,Good medium smoke a little too spicy on the back end.
Alec Bradley White Gold,3 out of 5,Not bad,bit of an after taste. Nice and mellow
Alec Bradley White Gold,4 out of 5,"Light flavor, even pull. Sometimes","Light flavor, even pull. Sometimes one of the edges will burn slower than the rest of the cigar. When I got them they seemed as though I was drawing a lot of air. After a few day in a humidor they began to draw better."
Alec Bradley White Gold,5 out of 5,Henry,These cigars are one of the smoothest cigars and nice even draw you will get for the price! Great taste with a scotch or Irish Whiskey.
Alec Bradley White Gold,5 out of 5,Creamellow!,"Great smoke!
I bought these just because they were on special for what amounted to about 1.22 a cigar even after shipping.
In my mind I was thinking even if they are terrible I’ve spent 25 bucks on worse.
For a mild cigar these cigars pack a nice creamy mellow flavor. Perfect for a morning stick or hot afternoon when a full body (at least to me) is not very enjoyable.
I will buy these again!"
Alec Bradley White Gold,5 out of 5,Nice!!!!,"Great cigar for the money! For a cigar smoker who averages 1 per week, it’s perfect. This cigar does not apply to the phrase, “You get what you paid for”."
Alec Bradley White Gold,5 out of 5,Nice!!!!,"Great cigar for the money! For a cigar smoker who averages 1 per week, it’s perfect. This cigar does not apply to the phrase, “You get what you paid for”."
Alec Bradley White Gold,5 out of 5,Alec White Gold,I only smoke on the golf course & I really like a mild cigar with a smooth taste & arromma.
Alec Bradley White Gold,5 out of 5,Very good cigar,Very good cigar
Alec Bradley White Gold,4 out of 5,Great smoke,The only thing negative about them is that they don't always burn evenly. Otherwise a perfect smooth cigar for a great price
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Good aroma/ and price,Good aroma/ and price
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Very good for a quick,"Very good for a quick smoke, very mild"
Alta Gracia,3 out of 5,My husband like irish cream,My husband like irish cream but not his favorite only time he gets irish creme when his favorites or sold out
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,great service will always buy,great service will always buy from here
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Great every day smokes,"I purchased these as everyday smokers and they did not disappoint. One with your morning coffee to start your day right, or a quickie with a glass of your favorite whiskey after work. Great price as well"
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Good taste. Great value.,Good taste. Great value.
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Nice Little Cigar,"I like these cigarillos. They burn well, have a good taste and are economical. Only drawback is they can burn a little bit hot towards the end."
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Alta Gracia,"Not a bad tasting smoke, just way to thin and your lucky if it last five minutes."
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Best cigarrilos ever,"I keep mine in a humidor, with a shot of blade and bow whiskey to add flavor. Leave in for 48 hrs good times ahead. These are usually good up to 55 mph with no windshield."
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Love em,"Nice size, great taste. Nice 10 min cigar."
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Irish Whiskey Maduros and Cigarillos 👍🏼👍🏼,"I really like the Irish Whiskey Maduros and Cigarillos. They taste good, burn well, are not bound too tightly and priced well. However, the tip does get a little bit hot towards the end. Overall, these are one of my favorite."
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Smooth and mild. Burns clean,Smooth and mild. Burns clean and draws easily.
Alta Gracia,4 out of 5,I LIKE EM,JUST THE RIGHT SIZE FOR A MORNING CIGAR WITH MY COFFEE
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Buy more!,"Perfect blend of smoothies. Good taste.
Trust me you’ll not regret will buy more!"
Alta Gracia,4 out of 5,ok,ok
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Great,Great. Loved the flavor
Alta Gracia,4 out of 5,Great for the price,"A little strong at first but smooth, and good with a drink."
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Great Buy,"Very smooth, and high quality."
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Back for more!!!,I love these!!!!... I keep coming back for more. Great flavor and great price!!
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Awesome little smokes!!!,Yes!!!!!! These are perfect little bundles of joy when I don't have the time to smoke bigger cigars. Love them!!!
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,quality,Very good!
Alta Gracia,4 out of 5,Alta Gracia Natural,A nice quick cigar for the money. I'll buy them again.
Alta Gracia,4 out of 5,nice little cigars,For a quick 10 minute smoke you can't go wrong with these. They do tend to unravel towards the end.
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Tasty high quality satisfaction,Tasty high quality satisfaction
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Great quick smoke,An excellent flavorful quick smoke !
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Maduro whiskey,"Cant wait to try the rest, if they ever get back in stock. I'll definitely be watching out for them"
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Great,Great ordered more
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Great lil smoke,This is a great little smoke if your in your chair or step out of work for a smoke. Thumbs up.
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Got 10 Minutes,"For a quick smoke that gives a ""kick"" try these."
Alta Gracia,4 out of 5,alta gracia cigars,Great quick smoke during winter months when you cant be outside in the cold enjoying a 50 ring
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Cigarrelos,Great tasting no bite small cigar.
Alta Gracia,4 out of 5,Good,Good
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Muy bien,Muy bien
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Great smooth smoke,"Light, smooth taste. No complaints about heavy cigar smoke, can smoke this in the car without car smelling like an ashtray afterwards."
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke low price
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Short Smoke,"Looking for a cigar for the evening but dont have the time, or maybe dont want to get too tipsy? Good, short smoke."
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Good for price,A lot better than I expected for the price it’s a good buy
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Short smokes,These are nice short smokes.
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Wow that was a surprise.,These are really quite the surprise. I was not expecting the quality of these. Each one is just as good as the first one. They are a great daily smoke. I will be buying more of these. I want to try each one.
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Great flavor for a 10 minute smoke,This was my first purchase of this cigarillo and I've enjoyed the flavor it provides. Not as sweet as the Irish Whiskey cigarillo also offered by Alta Gracia. A good smoke for the price.
Alta Gracia,4 out of 5,"Boom, Pow, Bam!!!",Great smoke for a quick Cigar fix. Smooth & rich in flavor. Doesn't take u away from the feel of smoking a traditional stick but dam well worth the money. I'm buying again & I'm telling my friends...
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Great with my morning coffee,"I like these little guys. Yes, they get warmer in the 2nd third. Burn is even with an easy draw. Goes great with my morning coffee."
Alta Gracia,4 out of 5,Satisfying,Good flavor and use for a quick cigar smoke before or during work. Taste is good and the shipping in the wood box is unique.
Alta Gracia,4 out of 5,smoke have a good price,smoke have a good price
Alta Gracia,4 out of 5,Good tasting should be cheaper,Good tasting should be cheaper
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Wedding cigarellos,Perfect idea for a wedding; the last thing anyone wants is to start a 40 minute cigar and miss the festivities !
Alta Gracia,4 out of 5,Good small cigar,"Not the best cigar in the world, but that shouldnt be the expectation. A good small cigar, good short smoke at a good price"
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Exactly what I expected. Great,Exactly what I expected. Great when you don’t have a lot of time.
Alta Gracia,3 out of 5,Cute and mellow,Very mellow need to be a bit stronger
Amati,4 out of 5,amati tor,easy draw smooth good buy for the price liked it so much ordered the churchill size
Amati,3 out of 5,Good buy,"Nice smoke, Even burn, long ash"
Amati,3 out of 5,"Not bad, pretty good for","Not bad, pretty good for the price , mild, a little sweet for me"
Amati,4 out of 5,Worth it.,Inexpensive but quality. Went thru 2 boxes in a month. Mild and mellow.
Amati,5 out of 5,A surprise hit,"I took a chance on this one, originally purchased for the price to be a cigar to smoke when I was busy. From the very first draw I was hooked. A sweet tip and a flavorful smoke, smooth, enjoyable, worth every penny."
Amati,5 out of 5,An easy smoke at a great price,A mild smoke. One of my favorites
Amati,5 out of 5,rek,not bad not bad at all
Amati,3 out of 5,Good burn,Good burn
Amati,5 out of 5,Smooth and Mellow,This cigar is one of the best at a very reasonable price. It's smooth and even burning with a great taste comparing to the more expensive cigars. Don't miss out you wont be sorry!!!
Amati,5 out of 5,Don’t know what this means,Very good cigar
Amati,4 out of 5,Martin P,Good cigar
Amati,4 out of 5,Check this out,This is a very good cigar
Amati,5 out of 5,Amata,Very good
Amati,5 out of 5,A very good cigar. Good,A very good cigar. Good tasting cigar.
Amati,5 out of 5,These cigars are terrific! They,These cigars are terrific! They are wrapped great and the ash stays on for a minimum two inches! There is not a harsh bite but are a smooth draw.For a $2.00 cigar you can't ask for anything more.
Amati,3 out of 5,Good inexpensive smoke,"I like the slow burn with this cigar. Makes the enjoyment last longer, although the finish can warm up a bit."
Amati,5 out of 5,Ama to Churchill,"I bought several bricks recently. Great cigar for the price. Good burning, great taste, I highly recommend this cigar."
Amati,3 out of 5,Mild to medium has smooth draw,Has a good draw and burns as good as some of the higher priced cigars
Amati,3 out of 5,An average cigar,Just an average cigar. But priced right.
Amati,5 out of 5,Fine affordable cigar,"Doesn't cost an arm & a leg and delivers smooth smoke all the way down to the end. Plan on buying more. Oh, any my friends love 'em, too!"
Amati,3 out of 5,Amati,Seemed a bit dry and a bit difficult to draw in
Amati,5 out of 5,Nice and mild,Nice and mild
Amati,4 out of 5,Well made,Nice morning smoke with coffee
Amati,5 out of 5,Excellent,Best kept secret!
Amati,5 out of 5,Great smoke for a great price,"I've smoked cigars that cost over five times as much yet weren't half as good. These are great in all ways, they burn even, draw easy, and taste wonderful. I'll be back for more"
Amati,4 out of 5,Smooth,smooth
Amati,4 out of 5,"packed nicely, long filler, holds","packed nicely, long filler, holds the ash well, even burning"
Amati,5 out of 5,great smoke for the money,great smoke for the money
Amati,4 out of 5,Smooth with a slow burn,Smooth with a slow burn goes well with a glass of Evan Williams
Amati,3 out of 5,Amati,"Nice everyday cigar. Good price, average smoke."
Amati,4 out of 5,Amati Toro,"For me it is a very good cigar. I normally smoke Quorum, but tried your offer on this brand. I would change if they are continued in your selections."
Amati,4 out of 5,"cost increase is too much,","cost increase is too much, otherwise a good smoke"
Amati,5 out of 5,Great every day stick,Best Robusto Connectitcut on the market. Always a consisten draw.
Amati,5 out of 5,What a deal,A very good everyday stick. Very pleasant smoke. So pleased with this choice.
Amati,3 out of 5,Amati Toro,"Average smoke, but good for the price"
Amati,5 out of 5,great smoke,can't beat it for the money
Amati,5 out of 5,Great deal!,Good deal on cigars and very quick delivery.
Amati,4 out of 5,Good everyday stick,Enjoying these everyday cigars. Good flavour.
Amati,5 out of 5,Great Value,"Bought this on an auction. Only regret, I didn't get two boxes. Great cigar."
Amati,5 out of 5,Great anytime cigar,One of the best inexpensive cigars ive had. Great for hanging out in the garage or working in the yard and sharing with friends. Discovered these in a sampler i got and decided to try a box. So far i havnt had a problem with any of them.
Amati,3 out of 5,Amati,Quality lacking. Seams to be the norm the last few years.
Amati,4 out of 5,my review;,just a cigar..not much to say about this one
Amati,4 out of 5,Very good,Very good
Amati,3 out of 5,Fair to midland,Well.....they do burn....So that's good
Amati,5 out of 5,Very Nice Affordable Churchill,This is a favorite of mine... I've only just bought for the first time the churchill style of this cigar. It is very enjoyable and a great time to smoke.
Amati,3 out of 5,Amati Churchills,Were good for the money.
Amati,4 out of 5,Very good quality for the,"Very good quality for the price. I am looking for a Macanudo Cafe alternative that is mild, has a real Connecticut shade wrapper, and is at an affordable price. Amati Churchill gives me all three."
Amati,4 out of 5,Pretty Decent,"I was surprised by this budget-friendly cigar. It’s a pretty decent smoke. I did have to correct a couple times, but that happens with even some more expensive cigars as well. It definitely has a great, rich taste that lasts throughout the entire stick. I am glad I purchased these and won’t hesitate to get them in the future."
Amati,3 out of 5,Not a bad stick,Not my favorite. Wish my C'est La Vie favs weren't always on back order the last several times I have ordered.
Amati,4 out of 5,Amati,Consistent smooth draw. Great backyard smoke. Cannot beat this Gar for inexpensive and mild combination!
Archetype Dreamstate,5 out of 5,Great!,"Very nice well rounded smooth smoke. Draw was nice and easy, great smoke for a relaxing evening with your boys."
Archetype Sage Advice,3 out of 5,"So, So","So,So. Not impressed for the price. Easy draw, smooth and mild but not full or bold as I would have expected. Would be a good cigar to pass to a newbie."
Arganese Connecticut,4 out of 5,Its a nice light favor,Its a nice light favor cigar
Arganese Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Great Cigar
Arganese Connecticut,4 out of 5,Nice Connecticut,"I recieved a Connecticut Churchill in a sampler. It is the perfect summer cigar. Smooth,creamy, easy draw and great retrohale. To me I would call it a medium body with a mild building black pepper undertone. Nice."
Arganese Connecticut,4 out of 5,A nice cigar,A nice cigar
Arganese Connecticut,5 out of 5,Arganese,very good smoke for the price.
Arganese Connecticut,4 out of 5,Have enjoyed the cigars- as,Have enjoyed the cigars- as a beginner I think I may have chosen a inferior cutter due to more smashing than a good cut - although it is a good learning experience and how important a good cut means- all together the cigar has fulfilled my expectations with flavors- even with my bad draws!!
Arganese Connecticut,4 out of 5,Very smooth,Very smooth
Arganese Connecticut,5 out of 5,Good Cigar for the Money,"Good, everyday cigar that's not too mild"
Arganese Connecticut,3 out of 5,Joe L,Best deal ci! Stocked up enjoy these very much
Arganese Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good cigar at a fair,Good cigar at a fair price.
Arganese Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good mild cigar,Good mild cigar
Arganese Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great everyday,This is a great everyday cigar
Arganese Connecticut,4 out of 5,They were quite nice. A,"They were quite nice. A couple burned a little uneven for a short time, but a very nice smoke!"
Arganese Connecticut,4 out of 5,Mr.Piety,Find me a better cigar at this price and I'll buy it
Arganese Connecticut,4 out of 5,Argonese,Very good inexpensive cigar.
Arganese Connecticut,4 out of 5,Best Buy,Consistently good for an everyday smoke and can’t beat the price.
Arganese Connecticut,3 out of 5,OK Cigars,These typically burn well. Fairly consistent flavor. Occasional unsavory stems to deal with inside.
Arganese Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Nice setting my porch in the evening with a glass of crown
Arganese Connecticut,4 out of 5,Mild to medium good smoke,Well made and a buy for the money
Arganese Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"mellow and mild, great burning smoke and fantastic taste"
Arganese Connecticut,3 out of 5,For the money there a,For the money there a good cigar not bad
Arganese Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great cigars,Have bought these in the past and will continue to do so. They are mild and great body at a ridiculous price.
Arganese Connecticut,3 out of 5,Good for the price,"Decent smoke not a lot of flavor, but good as the second cigar. Good price."
Arganese Connecticut,4 out of 5,Arganese Connecticut -,Smooth mild smoke. Good flavor at a great price.
Arganese Connecticut,4 out of 5,Great cigar for the price,Great cigar for the price
Arganese Connecticut,3 out of 5,good stogy,"for the price these cigars have a mild to medium intensity, volumes of smoke, easy draw, even burn, taste is good will buy again. I smokem down to the label."
Arganese Connecticut,5 out of 5,Argenese any size,Best value cigar around
Arganese Connecticut,5 out of 5,Phenomenal.,Phenomenal.
Arganese Connecticut,3 out of 5,Smooth Cigars,"This is the best everyday cigar I have found. They light even, smoke smooth with a good taste. One of the better cigars in their price range."
Arganese Connecticut,4 out of 5,The rapper would split on,The rapper would split on a couple of them
Arganese Connecticut,5 out of 5,Argenese Ct. Churchill,Absolutely perfect golf course cigar. Great construction and flavor but more importantly you can leave it in cart and when you get back it is still burning.
Arganese Connecticut,4 out of 5,Smooth & Mild,This easy smoking stick is even more impressive when you consider the price. Nice burn.
Arganese Connecticut,5 out of 5,Arganese,Very good smoke. Well built and burns great.
Arganese Connecticut,4 out of 5,Great every day cigar.,Smooth even draw. Plenty of smoke. A pleasure to the end.
Arganese Connecticut,5 out of 5,"Smooth, well built, creamy Favorite of mine","One of my favorite mild cigars. but rich, very smoky, super smooth, consistent good draw and construction. If you like the Drew Estate Undercrown Shade sticks,(my top Ecuador/Connect wrapped blondie) this is close and much more affordable. I ALWAYS keep these in my Thermador !"
Arganese Connecticut,5 out of 5,argonne review,A very good inexpensive cigar. Mild and reasonably even burning. Worth a try.
Arganese Connecticut,4 out of 5,Very good for the price.,Very good for the price.
Arganese Connecticut,5 out of 5,Excellent!!,Excellent!!
Arganese Connecticut,5 out of 5,Arganese,"Easy draw, even burn, smooth taste. Good value."
Arganese Connecticut,3 out of 5,Not that empressd,Not that empressd
Arganese Connecticut,5 out of 5,Best every afternoon cigar!!!,Best every afternoon cigar!!!
Arganese Connecticut,4 out of 5,Arganese,Overall good smoke. Decent flavor. Occasionally a little burn problem. Not a deal breaker. I like them. Have smoked them before. Will do it again. These and Brocatus are my go-to.
Arganese Connecticut,5 out of 5,Argeese churchill,Good basic smoke. Well made and tasty
Arganese Connecticut,3 out of 5,Yep,Not too shabby!
Arganese Connecticut,4 out of 5,Tasty,Nice smoke for the money.
Arganese Connecticut,4 out of 5,Decent stick for the money,Burns well and even throughout. Worth the money
Arganese Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good mellow and long burning,Good mellow and long burning
Arganese Connecticut,2 out of 5,Had to throw couple out,Had to throw couple out wouldn't burn. Tobacco loose would not buy again.
Arganese Connecticut,5 out of 5,Very Good Cigar,This is a very enjoyable cigar that burns well. I will order them again
Arganese Connecticut,4 out of 5,"Very good, smooth, well constructed, smoky, mild daily at a great price. I always keep some around","Good daily smoker for the price. Well constructed, 9/10 burned consistently, mellow and mild as a connect/wrapper should be. Good draw on every stick and I smoked 15 of them. Lots of full smoke every draw. Good creamy, smooth, toasty flavor. Not spicy or full bodied but that's not the intention of it. I'm buying another bundle today. One of my favorite inexpensive, mild sticks. Try it...you'll like it ! ! LOL. Or don't, less backorders for ME !"
Arganese Habano,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"Good smoke, not for the average smokers. I’m enjoying it and I will definitely buy it again!"
Arganese Habano,5 out of 5,Best cigar for the pricr,"Been smoking these for about 5 years. My number 1 go to cigar. Consistent perfect burn every time. Will take them over cohiba or most high price brands any day,"
Arganese Habano,4 out of 5,Not bad.,"Is it the best cigar ever? No.
Is it a tasty and satisfying stick for the money? Yes."
Arganese Habano,3 out of 5,good cigar for the price,good cigar for the price
Arganese Habano,4 out of 5,This is a good everyday,"This is a good everyday cigar, not top shelf, but with CI's special price and free shipping it is a great value."
Arganese Habano,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Great quick smoke... Full of flavor.
Arganese Habano,5 out of 5,Excellent!,Good deal! For good field and it is good feel and excellent Smoke.
Arganese Habano,3 out of 5,Not a bad every day,Not a bad every day cigar for the price
Arganese Habano,5 out of 5,Nice cigar,"I was looking for an inexpensive cigar for more of a daily every now and then smoker and this one fits the build. Nice draw, decent smoke and flavor."
Arganese Habano,4 out of 5,Arganese flavor,"This was a great inexpensive daily smoke..great burn, nice flavor."
Arganese Habano,5 out of 5,Good cigar,"Kinda surprised by this one, good even burn, nice cigar while fishing and drinking a beer, would definitely buy again. Nice medium body with no bitterness almost down to the nub. Better then some more expensive sticks I’ve had."
Arganese Habano,5 out of 5,Good Smoke,Good Smoke
Arganese Habano,4 out of 5,good smoke,good smoke
Arganese Habano,4 out of 5,Great smoke,"Great burn,"
Arganese Habano,4 out of 5,A good smooth smoke with,A good smooth smoke with an easy draw and satisfying billows of smoke.
Arganese Habano,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke for the price
Arganese Habano,5 out of 5,Delicious Cigars,"good quality, nice and delicious cigars. thanks."
Arganese Habano,5 out of 5,Great Budget Habano,This is my 2nd Arganese Habano Robusto both of which I got in CI samplers and I have to say both were surprisingly excellent! Great burn & draw and the flavor was outstanding! A fantastic cigar at 3x the price but for $2.50 each they're a steal!
Arganese Habano,4 out of 5,Arganese the well kept secret.,"The Arganese Habano Toro is a great cigar. It matches well with Negra Modelo beer. The cigar is very smooth, with a taste of leather and chocolate, it's a great experience."
Arganese Habano,5 out of 5,Smokie Treats,Very nice flavor combinations. Thanks for recommending these.
Arganese Habano,4 out of 5,A got to have cigar,"I bought them to give to friends and to save my good cigars. I smoked one and in the beginning it was hard to described the harsh taste, after a few minutes it was one of the best tasting cigars in my humidor. I've ordered them 3 times and will continue."
Arganese Habano,5 out of 5,Good medium-bodied daily treat,Nice daily smoke with medium body and medium intensity. Notes of nuts some dried fruit mix with a light pepper and wood flavors. Relatively easy 40 minute daily smoke.
Arganese Habano,4 out of 5,Smooth burn,Nice cigar med. strength not to strong good every day smoke
Arganese Habano,3 out of 5,Arganese cigars,"For the $ , this was worth the money , not a Cigar to give a friend . Perfect for a quiet smoke with a morning cup of coffee ."
Arganese Habano,3 out of 5,Good smoke,Everyday cigar. Affordable
Arganese Habano,5 out of 5,highly recommend it,highly recommend it
Arganese Habano,4 out of 5,Suprised,"I've smoked this Arganese before and took a chance with this one, only because the discription said Long Fillers. Not Blended."
Arganese Habano,4 out of 5,Good everyday stick,"Pretty smooth for the daily stick man at a good price, tasted good with an easy finish, only issue was a few of them the leaves started coming unwrapped"
Arganese Habano,4 out of 5,Good cheap smoke. I will,Good cheap smoke. I will buy these Everytime they are on sale.
Arganese Habano,5 out of 5,Nice,Great value
Arganese Habano,4 out of 5,better than average daily smoke,most were well built and smoked fine. no weird taste.
Arganese Habano,4 out of 5,cgars,good cigars for the prce.
Arganese Habano,5 out of 5,Good value,"Nice, tight wrap, even burning, easy and consistent draw. Good taste."
Arganese Habano,4 out of 5,Arganese Habano,"Can’t beat these cigars for an everyday cigars ,good volume of smoke and no bitter aftertaste. This was not my first time buying Arganese cigars and it won’t be the last."
Arganese Habano,4 out of 5,Nice cigar,"Good burn, flavor, quite a nice value for the money!"
Arganese Habano,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,"Pleased with the taste and burn for an inexpensive cigar
Would recommend"
Arganese Habano,5 out of 5,They were great. Thanks Alex,"They were great. Thanks
Alex"
Arganese Habano,4 out of 5,Well worth the money great,Well worth the money great for the golf course
Arganese Habano,4 out of 5,Argonese Habano,"Very tasty stick, always a good burn, nice medium to full flavor. Great for the price!!"
Arganese Habano,3 out of 5,Good for a work smoke,Good for a work smoke will buy it again.
Arganese Habano,5 out of 5,keep these on hand,"I have got these a few times now and they are good and smooth, they burn clean every time and have a medium flavor."
Arganese Habano,5 out of 5,Great taste and burns even.,Great taste and burns even. An enjoyable smoke.
Arganese Habano,5 out of 5,Great smoke,These are really great
Arganese Habano,4 out of 5,Arganese toro and Churchill,It’s on the stronger side. Well made and nice draw. Toro is the better size as the Churchill gets bitter towards the end
Arganese Habano,4 out of 5,Arganese,"A fine smoke , and excellellt VFM ."
Arganese Habano,5 out of 5,They was a gift.. he,They was a gift.. he absolutely loved them
Arganese Habano,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Arganese Habano,5 out of 5,Arganese stays in the win box,My idea of a great cigar delivering taste from long filler choice leaves.
Arganese Habano,4 out of 5,Nice,Nice
Arganese Habano,5 out of 5,Daily Smoke,"perfect daily cigar. price is right. smoke fine, decent ash. nice taste"
Arganese Il Mezzo,4 out of 5,Good quick smoke,Good flavor in a small package.
Arganese Il Mezzo,5 out of 5,Candy!,Scored 60 of these on the sister site. They are absolutely candy! Perfect 15 min cigar.
Arganese Il Mezzo,5 out of 5,Great cigars,"Great little cigars, I would buy them again."
Arganese Il Mezzo,5 out of 5,GREAT!,Just as a thought! Awesome and Fiesty smoke!
Arganese Maduro,4 out of 5,Good flavor,Good flavor
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,Arganese Maduro Churchill,"Quite nice flavor, a little peppery but pleasing. Nice even burn."
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,Nice short smoke. Punches well,Nice short smoke. Punches well above it's price!
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,Good flavor,Very satisfying smoke
Arganese Maduro,4 out of 5,Smokem if you gottem,"I enjoyed smoking this cigar, good flavor from start to finish."
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,Good every day smoke,Good every day smoke
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,Love these,My husband absolutely love the taste of these cigars. I also like the smell of them
Arganese Maduro,3 out of 5,Good every day cigars,Good every day cigars
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar. Burns well and puts off a decent amount of smoke. Will buy again.
Arganese Maduro,4 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,Arganese,Good cigar. Well made
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,Arganese,Really like the Arganese especially the mildness and the taste. Great but for the price!
Arganese Maduro,4 out of 5,Not bad after all!,"When I first received my bundle of these, they looked a little rough in construct, and the first 2 or 3 I smoked were disappointing. But, I had a fourth and then a fifth and I realized that these were decent cigars! They burn well, at least 30 mins. or more, put out a nice volume of tasty smoke, and have a decent chocolaty and spicy, peppery taste! I guess I would buy more, as I thought they'd sit in my humi forever and now I'm going thru them!"
Arganese Maduro,4 out of 5,Strong Pepper Flavor,"This is a strong black pepper, bitter tasting cigar and no other flavors could I find it.. It burns and draws well. If you like pepper you will like this cigar for the price."
Arganese Maduro,4 out of 5,Nice and affordable,"Earthy and leathery, good smoke, nice price"
Arganese Maduro,4 out of 5,Good cigars at a good price. Must try!!,Good burn and nice taste through out. Definitely a must try especially for a beginner like myself.
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,Great flavor& construction. 😉😎,Got one of these in a sampler. I'm very impressed with the flavor and construction of this cigar. This one of the best low cost maduro smokes I've had. It just nice to light a smoke up and not have to fight with it. Perfect smoke to enjoy a cup of coffee with. Will definitely find a place in one of my humidors for this little darling. Thanks again CI!!
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,A reliable everyday cigar.,"This is my go to smoke. I have found them to be relatively consistent in construction, flavor profile and burn rate. First time buying the Churchills. I'm slightly more of a fan of the Toros, but would recommend either."
Arganese Maduro,4 out of 5,Tremendous Nicaraguan Maduro medium to full,"Reminds me of the Jaime Garcia reserve especial for
Half the price . Consistent all the way through"
Arganese Maduro,4 out of 5,A good cigar for the money,"These are good cigars. This last order, however, came with a bunch of very dry cigars and the wrapper was unraveling. That has never happened before. As a rule, I have found Arganese cigars to be very good."
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"Burns great, right flavor. Good length of burn"
Arganese Maduro,4 out of 5,Great smoke for a decent,Great smoke for a decent price
Arganese Maduro,3 out of 5,Good for the money,"While a good buy, they sure do burn fast.
Pleasant tasting and a worthwhile purchase but because of the burn rate I can’t tell my friends to buy them."
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,Great,"Surprisingly great, I've had 2 so far and they have a perfect burn and draw. I will be buying more. Truly a must try."
Arganese Maduro,4 out of 5,Good Smoke,A pretty fair every day smoke.
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,Arganese Maduro,"Dark, mild, decent burn and a good price. Just buy some and give them a try."
Arganese Maduro,4 out of 5,Best bundle cigar for the money period,This is without a doubt one of the best bundled cigars out there. I bought drew e states factory smoke garbage . Arganese is king of bundled smokes. Been smoking them for years don't no why I left them. Going to order some bundled for sure
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,Great value for a great sick,Stout cigar with a full flavor. Excellent value
Arganese Maduro,3 out of 5,My daily,This is a good everyday stick.
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,great bang for the buck,"Love these for sharing on the golf course or relaxing around the fire pit in the evening. Great burn and the flavor lasts right through to the end. I don't, however, recommend taking them to the desert. I spent a week in the SoCal desert and the dry air sucked the moisture right out of the wrapper and binder leaving me to constantly pulling bits of dried leaves off my smoke. At first I thought I had a bad pack, but once I got back home to Long Island the cigars I left home smoked just as well as always. Lesson learned. Thanks CI for always keeping these in stock."
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,"Consistently good smoke. More importantly,","Consistently good smoke. More importantly, a great value"
Arganese Maduro,4 out of 5,Solid everyday smoke performer,"Good flavor, properly humidified they stay together well. Only 1 in the last bundle that I had to throw away because my eyeballs popped out of my head when I tried to draw in. I've been buying these for a couple years now."
Arganese Maduro,3 out of 5,Great everyday cigar at a,Great everyday cigar at a very reasonable price.
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,Awesome,Awesome
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,Arganese,"Good taste, great value."
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,Since I switched to the,Since I switched to the torpedo with a 52 ring size I enjoy them even more
Arganese Maduro,4 out of 5,Arganese Maduro,"This cigar really rocks. The long filler makes for a nice draw. The Maduro wrapper makes for a good smoke. Keep these babies in stock, good every day cigar. THANK YOU"
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,Awesome,Awesome
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,A+,"I got the Maduro in a sampler, I smoked it last because it was the cheapest smoke in the sampler, but it was by far my favorite. Great taste, great construction, tasty enough for dinner, but mild enough for breakfast. Loved it."
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,Arganese Maduro,This is by far one of my favorite daily's. So don't know body buy any!
Arganese Maduro,4 out of 5,Good everyday cigar with full,Good everyday cigar with full body and great flavor.
Arganese Maduro,4 out of 5,Good every day smoke,This is pretty much my everyday smoke cheap good what's not to love about him
Arganese Maduro,4 out of 5,Arganese,"These have become a favorite daily smoke of mine. Always well constructed, tasty, and a great price!"
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,The Mann,"Easy draw, nice even burn, sweet chocolate maduro. Love it"
Arganese Maduro,4 out of 5,Arganese maduro churchhill,"All the main qualities score good- even burn, cuts without ""dry-shatter"", drawing end stays together without spitting out pieces of tobacco (I call the bad ones ""spitters""), doesn't get ""raunchy"" at the finish. Good for the price."
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,Argonese cigars,"Very good cigar , smooth
Brad"
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Cigar For The Price,"Can’t beat the price for these cigars!
Great taste, not to strong just right!"
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth
Arganese Maduro,4 out of 5,nice and mild,nice and mild
Arganese Maduro,3 out of 5,Good value,Nice everyday cigar at a bargain.
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,Chateau,My go to cigar for early in the day!
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,My new favorite cigar,"This cigar is so well constructed that it holds the ash better than any cigar I've had. If you try to flick the ash before it's ready, it doesn't want to break off, so you have to let it burn long. Nice..."
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,Royal Salute a no brainer,No worries with these. Grab one and light it up. One of the best rolled cigars out there. Consistent construction from stick to stick. Light it once and enjoy. I’ve been smoking these for decades and they never disappoint.
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,4 out of 5,arturo fuente double chateau,mildly disappointed. the cigars do not burn evenly.
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,4 out of 5,Its a Fuente....that means its,Its a Fuente....that means its good
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,Nice size in the length and ring. It had a good draw. One of my favs! It is about a 2 hour smoke.
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,tip of cap,no confusion one same goodness as next on and on till i have to re-order
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,4 out of 5,"Great cigar for the money, short enough for a quick cigar","Perfect size, burns even , nice mild cigar. Quality cigar and a good price."
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,Arturo Fuente Chateau Maduro,Cigars were fresh and properly packaged for shipping. Very smooth cigar about a 1 hour burn time. I enjoy these in the evenings after dinner sipping bourbon.
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,Arturo Fuentes,Great smoke good service
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Love these cigars
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,4 out of 5,Very nice even blend with,Very nice even blend with awesome burn time
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,A fine smooth even burning cigar,"Like the madero best, burns even with a long ash"
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,Arturo Fuente - Robusto,"A fantastic smoke, great aroma and taste. I can’t stop!!!"
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,4 out of 5,A good cigar for around $6.00 ea.,I try to smoke Dominican tobacco. These cigars fit the bill.
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,They were exactly what my,They were exactly what my husband wanted. Great price too.
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,One of my favorites!,"The AF Maduro is one of the mildest, yet full of flavor Maduros I've had. If you enjoy rich flavor without being overwhelmed by strength, this is the smoke for you."
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,Best cigar ever!,"Perfect size, outstanding flavor and value!"
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,Perfecto!,"An excellent go-to maduro choice, would buy again!"
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,Chateau Bow-Wow,"Great cigar overall. The draw, burn, and consistent flavor from start to finish put this mild to medium cigar in my ""Top 10"" list (a combination of taste, price, quality, and brand name awareness). Just a great smoke that never gets old."
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,outstanding,another winner from Fuente
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,great cigar good price,great cigar good price
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,SJN,"My favorite cigar, I enjoy seeding boxes to friends as gifts."
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,Arturo Fuente Royal Salute Maduro,Never disappointed with this cigar. Great smoke for the price. Keep these in my humidor at all times. Recommend to every Maduro lover!
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,great value,"I buy one box of cigars a month, so it is important they are good quality and a consistent smoke. This is what I get with Arturo Fuente every time. Never a bad smoke. The flavor profile is great and right on every time. Can you ask for more?"
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,4 out of 5,To the nub,Ran through a box of 858 and found myself wishing it wasn't over when I was down to the nub. Went for the longer version here and am enjoying immensely. Very creamy smoke with good construction. Will purchase again.
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,Great cigat,Outstanding cigar for the $$$
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,Dbl Chateau,As usual this cigar doesn't disappoint!
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,great cigar,great cigar
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,4 out of 5,"Good cigar, but expected more.....","This cigar is consistent with the quality expected from Fuente. However, wasn't as much ""flavor"" as I expected. Still a top-of-the line smoke."
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,Fuente,Very smooth. Enjoyed the 5 pack. Well worth the cost and will buy again.👍
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,Double Chateau Cigars-Arturo Fuente,These are mild to medium cigars that smoke evenly and give you a good sense of flavor with a constant burn. They are perfect for a round of golf or sitting around a camp fire!
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,Tried and True,AF is always a good smooth and delicious smoke!
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,Arturo Fuente Double Chateau,"I loved it. It smoked well, and stayed lit the entire time. Most of them I smoked down to the nub. Great cigar."
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,Smooth but full bodied; consistent.,Smooth but full bodied; consistent. Great cigar.
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,It was a gift for,It was a gift for someone
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,Love it all summer,Great summer smoke with beer or red wine
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,Very good cigars,I like the Arturo Fuente cigars; very good cigars
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,My most favorite to date!,I've become a little bit of a snob and this is my favorite cigar to date.
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,Great smooth smoke,I had one last night and it was great. Always a smooth smoke and great construction.
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,4 out of 5,Good light cigar,Been buying these for years. Some burn better than others.
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,"WELL, THEY WHERE A PARTY GIFT.",EVERYONE LOVED THEM!!!
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Bought these for my daughters wedding reception. Always a crowd pleaser and great smoke !
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"taste was flawless from start to finish, draw was fine it just seemed for a big cigar that it would have burned for more than 70 minutes."
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,A good cigar to keep on hand when several friends stop by,Nice. The price is really good.
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,4 out of 5,My new go to cigar,"Enjoy this cigar, from the start. Haven't been smoking too long, 18 months. Tried several types, this one is my new friend."
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,Raymond White - Project Manager,great
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,A fuente Chateau maduro robusto,Great cigar at a great price ....medium flavour with a slight nutty taste ...My everyday go to cigar
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,nice,nice
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,"Great smoke. Love the flavor and aroma. You can never go wrong with a Fuente cigar. Great value when buying from CI, too."
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Good Smoke,Good Smoke
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,enjoyable smoke,Nice tasting and enjoyable smoke of quality construction. Very nice after dinner.
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Very good cigar. Smooth and,Very good cigar. Smooth and great flavor
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Love at first puff!,I first purchased these at Sosa cigar shop while on vacation in Orlando. It was my first time trying a Fuente cigar and I’ve never fell in love with a cigar as fast I did with this one. I finished a box of these in a month and have never had a bad experience. The draw is always nice and the burn is just right. I always keep a box of these Fuentes stocked in my humidor.
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,"A true ""KICK BACK CIGAR!""",Great flavored and even burning. One of my top five cigars for the price!
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,"Top shelf,top quality in all areas!",I just bought a couple of the Sungrown Cuban Belicosos from a local B&M and I'm blown away by the quality of these.My firsts since I started smoking cigars in 1983-better late than never.I'm ordering a box of two from C.I.very soon!!!
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Reliable,Arturo Fuente has never let me down. The robustos are small but they burn slow. My first box
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Arturo Fuente Sun Grown Chateau,"My favorite cigar. Always even burn, even if you light it wrong. Good cigar for a long walk. can go wrong with this one."
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Consistent good quality,These are my go-to smokes for the last couple of years. Aroma is good and thr draw consistent.
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Arturo Fuente Sun Grown Queen B,"Long time fan of the Sun Grown line (Cuban Beli). This is everything one expects from Fuente: rich,flavorful cigars, great construction, a perfect draw. This should be a mainstay in everyone’s humidor."
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Arturo Fuente Sun Grown,"I really enjoy this cigar. Full flavor without being strong, quality tobacco wrapper leaf and well made. It is one of my favorites now. And the service from Cigars Int'l is great; 5 stars also."
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,wonderful flavor notes,One of my all time favorite smoking pleasures.
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Arturo. Fuente,I like all the Arturo Fuente I prefer DOUBLE CHATUE SUN GROWN .they must be liked by a lot they are BACKORDERED alot
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Great Value,This cigar is a “must try” and has good flavor with a consistent smoothness. They burn evenly and last the entire back nine on the golf course. A great value for the money.
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Arturo Fuente,Great smoke! Good flavor and excellent draw. A favorite!
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,🎉,🎉
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,great cigar,great cigar
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Good first box,"My first box. Some of them didn't age quite right and had a funny aftertaste, but over all quite excellent. Tightly wrapped; slow burning; easy, cool pull; rich"
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,well done,well done
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,2 out of 5,Poor burn resulting in bad taste,"I have had this box in my humidor for several months, smoking maybe 2 or 3 cigars a week. They feel right, look terrific, but burn horribly. They want to “tunnel” which leaves the wrapper and binder untouched and alters the taste which isn’t that good when it is just the meat. At the same time if you wish to keep it lit you have to draw on it constantly. Yet this is one of Fuentes highest rated cigars. Didn’t think smoking cigars was that complicated but I must be doing something wrong."
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,3 out of 5,I was disappointed with the,I was disappointed with the wrappers on these cigars. Smoke was fine but the wrappers where veiny and looked like seconds?!!
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Solid cigar,"Nice mellow creamy cigar. It's got a little of everything, chocolate, caramel, leather, nuts, etc. Burn great too."
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Sun Grown,Double Chateau Sun Grown Fuentes are always a smooth draw and good flavor to me. Wrapper doesn't flake and we are dry here in the desert. Fuentes are my cigar of choice with a nice glass of scotch.
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,SUn grown Cuban Belacoa,Excellant smoke fuente product high quality
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,FABULOUS,"Tried these for the first time, exactly what I expected, what a perfect cigar, in every way ! Mark M. from Vermont"
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,OMG!,"What a great smoke! Consistent throughout. Nice ash, burns fairly evenly. Nice flavor all the way down. I'll be buying more!"
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,The BEST CIGAR I have ever tasted. Not the most expensive but the BEST!,"I have been smoking cigars for a number of years now since I stopped smoking cigarettes. My new boss at work turned me on to the Arturo Fuentes and I discovered the sun growns. This is HEAD AND SHOULDERS the best cigar I have ever tasted. I can afford to buy more expensive cigars however THIS is the best cigar I have ever tasted. Buy one and enjoy the sweetness and cedar of this amazing stick. Honest, you will be thanking me once you have tried one. AMAZING!"
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,4 out of 5,i love it,great smoke!!!!!!
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,nice,very smooth
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Perfect after dinner smoke
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke smooth flavorful and even burn
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,When you have the time for a novel not just a short story,I bought a box on a whim. I love the short stories for those moments that you only have 30 minutes or less to finish up. I thought that these would be great for a more laid back and less rushed experience. Man was I right. The sweetness on the finish is phenomenal and the spice in the retrohale is magnificent. I found myself neglecting my bourbon for a long draw from this jewel of a cigar. The construction was flawless on every stick in the box. There is nothing to report but satisfaction from start to finish. I highly recommend this cigar!
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Cigars always fresh and delivered,Cigars always fresh and delivered within 2-3days
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Nice long smoke,"The Royal Salute is not my first choice of the Arturo Fuente Sungrown, so I was quite surprised with the cigar. They are smooth and complex. The box were consistent which is what I'm always looking for in a brand I enjoy. I intend to buy more and will always recommend to anyone that enjoy quality cigars."
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Royale Salute,It's one of my favorite cigars.
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Perfect little smoke,Love these cigars.
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Always great,"My cigars we received fresh, in a timely manner and ready to smoke."
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Great,A Fuentes are my favorite cigars. Never had a bad one.
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,3 out of 5,They were a tad bit,They were a tad bit dried out.
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Amazing!!,"Great selection, Great service. I love it!!"
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,A very good consistent smoke,"Over the years I have tried many cigars. I always go back to Fuente because of their consistent quality. Easy draw, lots of flavor, and never disappoints."
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,3 out of 5,Uneven burning,A very nice smoke but have had several burn just down one side. Nasty result.
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Never lets me down,"Honestly, I've never had a bad phone today. And the price of cigars international makes them affordable three or four times a week"
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,1 out of 5,A rare AF slip,"I opened my box to take that first whiff of tobacco and cedar. Instead, I got a terrible plastic chemical smell that was coming from the plastic tray under the sticks. The cello wrappers smelled so bad I wouldn't put them in the humi, nevermind smoking one. CI gladly took them back at no cost to me, so kudos there. I trust this was a rare slip on AF's part."
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Full bodied,Full bodied
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Arturo Fuente Sun Grown Cuban Belicoso,"I typically smoke full cigars but every now and then a break is nice. The AF Sun Grown is a medium smoke (almost too mild for me) that needs a little humidor time in order to really shine. That brings out a nice, flavorful smoke. I'm not good at describing flavors and such so all I can say is I really enjoy this cigar."
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Fresh,"First, as usual, your service and delivery were terrific.
Second, I usually have to pre-humidify cigars before putting them in my humidor. This time, everything was nice and fresh (despite the fact that they were delivered by parcel carrier on a 102-deg day, and his truck was clearly like an oven!). When I tired to pre-humidify, hygrometer didn't budge a percent; I was able to place them right into my humidor and it remained stable.
Niiiiiiiice, Y'all!"
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Great Cigar!,These are really nice full bodied cigars at a good price.
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,love it,love it
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Quick and Accurate,Received my box of cigars quickly and in great condition.
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,3 out of 5,Expected much better!,Not what I expected. When I pay for a premium cigar I expect exceptional flavor. Not the case here. The first draw was sharp and bitter. It took over half the off the smoke for it to mellow out. The construction itself was poor. With an uneven burn that needed constant attention. I’m hoping it was a fluke and the next one will be better.
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,What a Great Cigar !!,This cigar has to rank in anyone's top 3 ! Only Padron 1926 ranks better and is every bit equal to what the Garcia's roll. Don Carlos #4 will always be in my Rotation !
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Good Smoke,Quality from beginning to end. Worthy of a try if it is your first smoke or if it is your millionth.
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,"This cigar was extremely smooth with tasty notes of brown sugar, nutmeg, and a little cinnamon. I think this will be great in the fall time because the resemblance of pumpkin pie! The aroma is also very pleasant! Although pretty pricey, I would definitely recommend the 5 pack."
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,4 out of 5,Maybe the best AF,"This is my go to, nice body and great pull."
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Always sold out for a reason.,"Simply excellent. Enjoying one right now, and it doesn't disappoint."
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,my absolute favorite don carlos,my absolute favorite don carlos
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Alberto Fuente don carlos,"Bsd. Excellent medium bodied cigar. Perfect in every way.
Todd Meister"
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,A. Fuente Don Carlos,Best Cigar there is
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Flavorful but not overpowering,Great cigar. Not a powerhouse but firmly in the middle of the road which is where you have to be to win cigar of the year. A consistent flavorful smoke which you will want to smoke until you burn your fingers. And well priced considering its pedigree.
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,1 out of 5,Pure Junk,"Pure Junk
Second Don Carlos fired up. Unbelievably horrible. How could this cigar ever get out of the factory. I am an experienced cigar smoker that stores them correctly, lights them correctly and knows more about cigars than the average trendy dude that thinks lighting up a cigar is cool. Always been a fan of Fuente since meeting the family at a Big Smoke in Beverly Hills many years ago. Their quality sucks and obviously they have lost a sense of pride and accomplishment. Please pass on my thoughts to the Fuente team. They have been passed up by newer generations of makers (Drew Estate for one). I would love to send photos of the trash they are producing, but as a pretty decent customer, please let them know that at least one cigar connoisseur will tell all how they now produce junk - pure junk."
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Top of the line,The best of the best what can I say.
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,One of the best,Awesome cigar. Cant afford for every day smoke. Love these I give a 10 out of 10 rating
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,GRAND SLAM,Outstanding. A treat anytime of day
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Excellant right out of the box,"You get what you pay for with these sticks , Im glad to have a box of these in my stash! Great Smoke, Even Burn, and flavor from one end to the other, the only bad part is when your fingers are on fire (because there’s nothing left to smoke) and you have to put it out ! LOVE EM” !!"
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Arturo Fuente Don Carlos Presidente,Purchased for a friend who sgared with our aficionado group. Beautiful smoke from beginning to end. Well deserved top rating.
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,1 out of 5,Going to be returning :-),Harsh. I was really looking forward to them.
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar elegantly packaged,"Well worth the cost, Arturo Fuentes don Carlos are one of the best on the market"
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Fuente Don Carlos #3,I can always count on the Arturo Fuente brand to deliver a quality product and the Don Carlos #3 is no exception. A great smoke any and every time.
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,"Their great, no stems a","Their great, no stems a real good 😊 smoke.🤐⚓️"
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,4 out of 5,Ok,These smokes were ok. They didn't produce enough smoke for me and the draw was very tight. Those two characteristics are important to me.
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,AF Don Carlos,Excellent cigar....
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent fresh cigars and great service as usual
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Best ever!,The Don Carlos will nearly smoke itself until your fingerprints are burned off! Nothing less than wonderful.
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Smoke with a soul,The AF DC is a joy to smoke as a change of pace and when you are in a deep thoughtful mood or just need to destress in a big way.
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Wow,Perfect enjoyment.
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Arturo Fuente Don Carlos #3,"Great smoke, smooth right to the end."
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,One of my favorite cigars. Great taste and even burn. Plus you don't need an hour to enjoy this finely crafted cigar. Highly recommended.
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Great Cigars,"Always, well rapped, great taste, just a fine cigar"
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,2 out of 5,Arturo Fuente's Don Carlos Presidente - ALMOST Always Rules,"Typically one of my favorite cigars. it is fabulous but I am writing a review of the last box that I bought. Totally wrapped like a third grader was wrapping them. there were multiple breaches in the leaf and literally had smoke coming out the side of the cigar as I smoked it. I want to be clear, I WILL order these again, but I was very disappointed with this box."
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Consistently fine smoke,"I have never been disappointed with the Arturo Fuente Don Carlos Robusto, It is a main stay in my humidor."
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,3 out of 5,Decent Smoke,"This is an enjoyable number with good consistency, and quality. I guess the reason I don't give this a 4 star is I am too used to smoking Cuban Gran Reserva, and Limited Editions. In my opinion I think these Cigars are severely over priced, but they are a decent smoke."
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Top notch quality!,Superb flavor and strength from a very well constructed premium cigar!
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,1 out of 5,Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,Very pedestrian and not worth the high price tag. Construction and burn were great but I was expecting more flavor and aroma. Their standard line is a better value.
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,As I expected,A great cigar
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Excellent,This is now my favorite AF. Excellent!
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Disappointed,Cigars were dry. Called your customer service center and they did NOTHING about it. Very disappointed.
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Great with a spirit.,In my humble opinion this is a great cigar after dinner when you are kicked back at the end of the day with a spirit from Moonrise Distillery.
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,2 out of 5,Not worth the price,Only half of the box was any good. Only a few lived up to expectation.
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Was given one from a,Was given one from a friend at a golf outing dinner. My first Fuente. After that sitting I ordered them on line I like it so much.
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,1 out of 5,did not like,did not like
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Special smoke,I received the #2 Belicoso as a gift on Father's Day. What gift! Quality is as expected. Strong robust flavor yet mild in strength. I save these for weekends with a fine whiskey
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,"Great cigar, great even burn,","Great cigar, great even burn, enjoyed immensely! Wish cigars came with humi-pak."
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,This is great cigar,couple weeks back and I got to tell you this is probably one of the best cigars I've ever smoked. the cigar had a great taste and a great flavor throughout the entire cigar. I recommend you keep a couple of these in the humidor if you are one to enjoy a good cigar now and then.
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,great smoke,great smoke
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Great smoke!!,I really enjoyed this cigar. One of my favorites
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,4 out of 5,good smokes,Really consistent.
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,3 out of 5,stale cigars,"Disappointed with the cigars, they were stale and the wrapper was peeling off. I bought these before and like them but these must have been thrown in the back of the warehouse"
Arturo Fuente God of Fire by Carlito,4 out of 5,Very nice cigar,Very nice cigar
Arturo Fuente God of Fire by Carlito,5 out of 5,God of fire @cigar,Best of the best Dominicans ever. Never smoked anything but Nicaraguan until I tried these....smooth and tremendous flavor..
Arturo Fuente God of Fire by Carlito,5 out of 5,Great cigars,Worth the extra money
Arturo Fuente God of Fire by Carlito,4 out of 5,Great cigar,Really a great cigar however I do feel it's a big overpriced. I'm always tempted to buy another box but when I see the price I end up backing down. Almost worth the price but not quite IMO. I'm sure I'll get more someday.
Arturo Fuente God of Fire by Carlito,4 out of 5,Great smokes,"Saved these for a treat to share with some friends. We broke them out this weekend. They are great cigars. Very flavorful, beautiful burn. I think the aging, and the additional age (these are 2011s), has mellowed them the way a good wine mellows with age. So they weren't as full-bodied as I expected them to be."
Arturo Fuente God of Fire by Carlito,5 out of 5,The best,The best cigars in The world
Arturo Fuente God of Fire by Carlito,5 out of 5,God of Fire B Series,This my go to smoke. It hit all of my favorite notes.
Arturo Fuente God of Fire by Carlito,5 out of 5,An amazing smoke,I actually prefer the series b God of Fire's but sometimes you have to go for the original. Better than 99.99% of the cigars out there.
Arturo Fuente God of Fire by Carlito,5 out of 5,Great Cigars!!,"Great service, quick delivery, and great cigars! I will be ordering them again soon."
Arturo Fuente God of Fire by Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Best product I've bought in a long time,I been smoking cigars for 16 years and I must say this cigar was the best I ever had I mean the best
Arturo Fuente God of Fire by Don Carlos,5 out of 5,sticks,Great sticks with lots of flavor!!!
Arturo Fuente God of Fire by Don Carlos,5 out of 5,The real deal,Like no other Fuente...full of flavor. The best Dominican ever.
Arturo Fuente God of Fire by Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Heavenly smoke,God of fire cigars are the real deal. Much better than opus etc. smooth and FULL of flavor. Can’t miss with this or the Carlito
Arturo Fuente God of Fire by Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Everything you expect in a God,"The Fuentes family does nothing that isn't excellent, these Robustos are in that category. Flavorful and rich throughout the length, well wrapped and clean burning all the way down. A premium cigar."
Arturo Fuente God of Fire by Don Carlos,5 out of 5,don carlos double robusto,a wonderful top of the line a good hour of joy
Arturo Fuente God of Fire by Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Best I've had.,"Bought these after a buddy gave me one. Hands down the best cigar I have tried. Had to get some for myself. These were as good, if not better."
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,A longtime favorite.,"A bit on the homely side construction wise, but dependably good at a great price. I always smoke them down to the nub."
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Very nice cigar.!,"I love these cigars particularly because they come with three of my favorite wrappers, Maduro, Cameroon and Sun grown. This review is for the Corona Imperial Maduro. Well constructed, even burn, a grayish-white and lots of flavor. Black pepper the most prevalent. I'd highly recommend this cigar."
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,4 out of 5,Great smokes,Great smokes
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Great little smoke,Love these!!
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Great little treats,Enjoy these Cubanitos while cooking. Great short smoke with tons of flavor. Recommend!
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Arturo Fuentes Candela,"Excellent cigar, extremely smooth, great with coffee in the morning."
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Arturo in the Desert,Smooth and tasty!
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Perfect one,"Very good cigar, smooth and tasty"
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Summer Evening Cigar,Summer Evening Cigar
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Arturo Fuente Canones,Love these Cigars 👍
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Meet your need,This is by far my favorite. Hard to come by but this will not disappoint.
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Enjoying,Not too heavy and not too light. Right for me.
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,4 out of 5,The smoke is great but,The smoke is great but the wrapper comes loose and flakes during the last third of the cigar.
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Perfect for me.,"Even burn, nice draw, great taste!"
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar. Very smooth,Excellent cigar. Very smooth
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Great Cigars!,The Arturo Fuente Churchill’s were fabulous!
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,4 out of 5,A great choice for a medium taste,"A nice tasting cigar, ease draw and stays lit nicely. I would highly recommend."
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"Best after dinner cigar I've had
Well built and consistent taste"
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Impressed!,"Very nice draw, fantastic flavor! Not the prettiest cigar I've ever seen, but for the price! Can't beat it! Will buy again! First smoke after less than a day in my humidor, I'm very impressed! I know they will get better with seasoning and rest in my humidors!"
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Fuente Cubanitos,Great flavor for a petit-sized cigar!
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,4 out of 5,Good stick,Just what you would expect from a Fuente but smaller
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,8-5-8 is one fine smoke.!,"I've always enjoyed a Cameroon wrapper. This one is not a disappointment. It was flavorful and consist, as was the entire cigar. Burn was even with a long white ash. Since the 8-5-8 is so popular it hardly needs my recommendation, however I wholeheartedly recommend it.!"
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Finally,I've been waiting a long time for these cigars to get back in stock. They're as good as ever! Glad the wait is over.
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,4 out of 5,Simple smoke,"Years ago I smoked this cigar. It was affordable, available and a good 45 minute smoke. Thought I'd try it again for nostalgia's sake. Still good."
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Can't go wrong,Always a great burn.
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Great Smoke!,Great smoke! Burns and draws perfectly.
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,I’m No Connoisseur... but these are very enjoyable,"I like a mild, long lasting enjoyable cigar and these hit the mark. Good size, wrapped well for a good draw. I’ll be getting many more of these for sure."
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,4 out of 5,First time for the green,First time for the green wrapper. Nice smoke
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,A long enjoyable smoke with a nice buzz!,"This was second Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva and it was a smooth smoke. I enjoyed my cigar with a few friends and this cigar lasted over 2 1/2 hours. The last half-inch was a bit warm, I used a golf tee to hold the end. Looking forward to another!"
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Big Kahuna,"What an I say, great cigar!!!!"
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,4 out of 5,Fuente cigar brand.,"I bought at CI a box of Churchill 7.2 x 48 Cameroon wrapper. Its nice to count on stability pertaining cigars brands. Arturo Fuente stand on in the consistent delivers of good tobacco leaves. Roll, draw, burn are extremely well cover at the Fuente cigars brand. These Churchill is a flavorful medium smoke."
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,great smoke,very good smoke
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,4 out of 5,curly head,not bad at all
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Great price on a great cigar!,Got my favorite cigars at an unbeatable price and received them really fast. Couldn’t b happier!
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Good brand,Good brand
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Nice cigar with balanced flavor,Nice cigar with balanced flavor that is a pleasant 20 minute smoke.
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Worth the wait,Worth the wait
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,4 out of 5,Smooth and Easy ride along.,This is a nice every day smoke at a low price.
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Mini Go To,These little gems are perfect when you want a quick smoke or are pinched for time! Great flavor! Just like the real thing in a time shortened package! Well worth it!
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,AF,Great cigar.
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Great Cigars,One of my Favs
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,4 out of 5,Nice daily smoke,Great smoke especially with the price. Just wish you could keep in stock
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,excellent,one of the best cigars every made ….not sure why these are NOT listed & Advertised in your catolog
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Just great!,Just great!
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Great Cigars,Excellent Cigars at a very good price. Keep to good deals rolling CI!!!!!
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Arturo Fuente Cuban Corona,Smooth smoke!
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Yummy,Good cigars you remember the first one you've had this is one of them
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,4 out of 5,Food mild cigar,I enjoyed this mild cigar on the golf course and after dinner
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,"Excellent cigar, enjoy on our","Excellent cigar, enjoy on our deck and while golfing."
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Fantastic cigar and customer service!,Excellent construction and rich warm flavor. Absolutely love it. Big shout out to Janie (sp? I had some trouble hearing) in customer service. After my first shipment was somehow lost in the UPS to USPS hand off (not CIs fault) she got a new shipment out with no hassle to me at all. Great service!
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Forgotten gem?,AF Hemmingway series is fairly affordable high end cigar. All sizes always deliver.
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Good,Good
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,"Great, consistent cigar","Great, consistent cigar"
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,"Arturo Fuente Hemingway Signature,",One of my favorites
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Hemingway short story is not at all short in quality,"Great small cigar. Consistent quality, the draw has always been easy and the burn is even. Nice white smoke cloud with great flavor and aroma. 1 thing. I use to order 5 at a time, but the availability is limited and often not available at all. This is a true limited production cigar. If you like them my advice is to get them when you can. I now order by the 25 count box"
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Outstanding,Outstanding
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,"You can't go wrong with any Fuente stick. These are a couple notches above the ""standard"" line."
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,"A great cigar for conversation, bourbon and friends","I buy very few cigars by the box and this is one of them. When they've been properly humidified, it is a long burning, smooth, cigar that will allow you to enjoy conversation and bourbon without having to constantly re-light it. To me, it falls squarely in the middle between too strong and too light with a decidedly pleasant finish. I also get a spiciness as well. It is one of my top five."
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Always the best,Not as compact as they usually are but still deserves a 5 star rating.
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Awesome,Love them
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Don't miss out.,"All I can say is that these sticks are awesome! Smooth, great draw, oily wrapper, a nice smoke with coffee or a good single malt, thumbs up."
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,dominican,great smoke!
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Hemingway Signature,One of the very best for the price. PERIOD!!
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,4 out of 5,Not As Good as I remembered,"This is a well build medium bodied cigar that is good for a short smoke. In my opinion, however, they are way overpriced when you consider that there are cigars out there that are just as good or better for a much lower price."
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Perfect afternoon burn,This is my go to cigar for a quick break in the day. Great consistent quality.
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Arturo Fuente Hemingway Short Story,"One of my all time favorites, no matter what size. Elegant and beautifully balanced it’s truly a work of art. A quick smoke when one doesn’t have a lot of time, it burns and draws perfectly. One I can smoke any time of the day."
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Hemingway Classic,All I smoke when available
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Worth every penny!,This is the one cigar that my wife loves the smell so she encourages me to purchase them over other brands. Bummer for me!
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,4 out of 5,Arturo Fuente Short Story,Never a dissatisfied.
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Shortstory,Great winter outside smoke.
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,My short stories,Excellent flavor in a perfect size cigar.
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Excellent cigars.,Very tasty and consistent cigars.
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Best Cigars!,Probably one of the best cigars I've had. It is a good 45-50 min burning cigar with fantastic flavors.
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,excellent cigar,"excellent cigar, not always fresh, but still delicious."
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke! Just enough after,Excellent smoke! Just enough after dinner cruising with the top down!
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,4 out of 5,Great short stick,Great smoke for the cold days when you don’t want to be outside for an hour.
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Short story heaven.,Great smoke full of body and nice long ashes.
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Excellent,A excellent cigar
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,"Great cigar - burns perfect, taste great and is easily one of my most favorite smokes."
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Good cigar,Draws well and quite flavorful
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Short story,Great light cigar
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Arturo Fuentes Hemingway signatures sun grown,"I do truely love the Hemingway Signature's but the sun grown series are heaven ,I have smoked cigars for over 30 years , and this cigar is delicious !!!!!"
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,A short story,Beautiful smoke!!!! perfect for a quick smoke
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Short Stories,They are the best cigar and smoke. I thank CI for having them available
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,The best smoke around,The best smoke around
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Simply exquisite,"Bravo to Arturo Fuente, another incredible cigar!"
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Fuente Hemingway ‘Best Seller’,"The Hemingway line by Arturo Fuente consists of several cigar sizes and shapes. All are perfectly wrapped and rolled. The line throughout is a mild but complex cigar that if kept properly humidified lights easily, draws well and burns very evenly.
My current favorite is the Best Seller because of all the qualities it shares with its other Hemingway brothers and also because of its size. The Best Seller is a 20-25 minute smoke. Also I f smoked indoors it does not fill the room with clouds of powerful smoke that penetrates clothes and furnishings like some of my other cigars do.
Hemingway’s in general and Best Sellers in particular are not cheap but I decided a few years ago that if I am going to smoke a cigar someplace other than the golf course it should be top quality and it should reflect that with a price similar to what a good bar charges for a drink. At about $7 to $8 each the Best Seller fits those criteria."
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Best Seller,"My go to for years when I don’t have an hour or more, always even burn, great flavors, excellent cigar."
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Great every day cigar,You can enjoy this cigar every day. Nice mellow smoke.
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Great Cigars!!!!,Great Cigars!!!!
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Good Cigar,Loved the cigars but would rather like to have the Hemingway Classic Perfecto 7 inch cigars. They never seem to be in stock.
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Outstanding,This is my favorite cigar. I’ll be on a cruise in 30 days and you sure made my voyage perfect. Thanks!
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,3 out of 5,Hemingway,First time in 25 years I've had to use a draw poker on a Hemingway...first two were too tight to draw.
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,4 out of 5,Good cigar,"Waiting for the longer Hemingway which has been out of stock forever
I am on your notify list."
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Great quick service,Great quick service
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Always great,Artururon Fuente Hemingway and Don Carlos are always consistent quality and great gift cigar. Everyone likes them
Ashton,5 out of 5,Awesome smoke,Awesome smoke
Ashton,4 out of 5,Ashton 8-9-8,This was first time ordering them. I like them very much. I will be ordering them again
Ashton,5 out of 5,The Best!,My favorite smoke
Ashton,4 out of 5,Very light smooth would buy,Very light smooth would buy it again
Ashton,5 out of 5,Great stick perfect flavor great,Great stick perfect flavor great draw
Ashton,5 out of 5,Excellent,Great cigar
Ashton,5 out of 5,👍,👍
Ashton,5 out of 5,"Fresh cigars. Timely delivery, Good","Fresh cigars. Timely delivery,
Good value price."
Ashton,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Ashton,5 out of 5,A Classic,"My favorite smoke of all time. Always consistent, mellow, flavorful, lots of smoke. Pairs well with a Cherry Soda."
Ashton,5 out of 5,"Ashton, wonderful Ashton","Excellent smoke indeed! The draw is especially nice! Flavors are traditional cigar flavors, a delicious wheaty mellow sweetness! Ashton is well worth the cost!"
Ashton,5 out of 5,Great cigars!,Great cigars!
Ashton,5 out of 5,Great as always,Prompt delivery of excellent cigars.
Ashton,4 out of 5,Dunhills are the perfect golf,Dunhills are the perfect golf course cigar
Ashton,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Ashton,4 out of 5,Ashton Cigars...A Great Smoke,"Ashton Cigars are a great, smooth smoke. Nice burn, great size and best of all...no morning ash tray breath!"
Ashton,5 out of 5,always good,always good
Ashton,5 out of 5,To be savored!,"Ashton Classics have been a staple in my humidor for years. I like trying different cigars including some cheepo's like Fumas etc. But when I sit on my porch with a martini to relax, I go to the Ashton. Always good, never harsh and great burn and draw. What I really like are the pepper notes. Nice zing on the tongue. Cigar opens up after the first inch so be patient. Sometimes I'm not looking for a powerhouse. This fits the bill nicely."
Ashton,5 out of 5,50th BDay party,Smooth and tasteful! Enjoyed w/ friends.
Ashton,5 out of 5,Nice,These came fresh and when promised. I love the way the Ashton smokes and tastes. Fantastic Cigar.
Ashton,5 out of 5,ashton corona,smooth light..burns even
Ashton,5 out of 5,My go-to stick for over 20 years,"Consistent mild flavor, even burn and perfect draw.
Hard to go wrong with Ashton or Cigars International!"
Ashton,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Ashton,5 out of 5,My Go To Cigar,Ashton Churchills are among my favorite cigars. Fabulous flavor; even burn; very tasty and not at all harsh. Try these and you will know why Dominican made cigars are the best.
Ashton,5 out of 5,8-9-8,Great cigars!
Ashton,5 out of 5,Cream of the crop!,My absolute all time favorite!
Ashton,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Sitting here right now smoking one a great smoke
Ashton,5 out of 5,Very good smoke,Very good smoke
Ashton,4 out of 5,Ashton Corona,Great cigar
Ashton,5 out of 5,Big John,The cigars where perfect. A quick and easy way to obtain a great cigar.
Ashton,3 out of 5,OK but required constant attention.,Cigar would go out if not constantly smoked. Taste was OK but not as good as expected.
Ashton,5 out of 5,Great Smoke!,"Great draw, mild, and purchase was easy!"
Ashton,5 out of 5,Nice smooth draw. Excellent quality,Nice smooth draw. Excellent quality cigars.
Ashton,5 out of 5,Ashton Magnum,"Very satisfied as Ashton Churchill's are normally my cigar of choice, these Magnims are equally satisfying"
Ashton,5 out of 5,Great product as always!,Great product as always!
Ashton,5 out of 5,One of the best I've tried,"I'm in love with this cigar. Right on top of my favorites list. Perfect construction, nice draw. Gotta try it!!"
Ashton,5 out of 5,Great cigars. Thanks,Great cigars. Thanks
Ashton,5 out of 5,Verysmooth-justalittledry,Verysmooth-justalittledry
Ashton,5 out of 5,Ashton Majesty,Great Cigar!
Ashton,4 out of 5,EXCELLENT PRODUCT — DELIVERY TIME A LITTLE SLUGGISH,"Excellent customer service. The box of cigars took a couple of weeks to get to me in Los Angeles. That delivery time would be okay if we were talking about toasters or placemats, but fine cigars need to be fresh. If you spend $200 on a single box of Ashtons, you want it delivered quickly so you can get them in a humidor."
Ashton,5 out of 5,Ashton,Ashton Magnum is my go to cigar.
Ashton,4 out of 5,old faithfull,i agree with others that this is one of the most consistent cigars out there..mild yet peppery and smooth...will not have you spitting every minute like some of the full strength powerhouses..was my first cigar a few years ago and still in my humidor
Ashton,4 out of 5,Good Wedding Cigar,"overall good stick - went a little mild for handouts at my daughters wedding, had some left and all but one burned very good."
Ashton,5 out of 5,Smooth cigar,Smooth cigars. Love them
Ashton,5 out of 5,Always easy and a pleasure,to order from CI. Fast turnaround on getting delivery to me.
Ashton,5 out of 5,Consistently good.,A quality cigar always dependable for an excellent and relaxing experience. Good flavor especially in the sweet spot middle section where it's smooth with an excellent draw and ash.
Ashton,5 out of 5,Gift,Unable to review as it was a gift.
Ashton,5 out of 5,Ashton Sovereign.,"Great cigar, mild as I like them. They do seem to burn a bit quick, so the length of the smoke is shorter than I would expect for this premium cigar. Otherwise, enjoyed them!"
Ashton,5 out of 5,Top notch,One of my favorites!!!
Ashton,5 out of 5,Perfect Panatela!,"in the past few years, cigar manufacturers have been pushing the larger cigar ring gauges. This Ashton panatela provides flavor and consistency even at the smaller size. This is definitely a down to the nub finger burner excellent smoke!"
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Awesome,Fantastic smoke. One of my favorites.
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,My favorite cigar by far.,My favorite cigar by far.
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke. Smooth start to finish
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Outstanding cigar mellow smoke and very good flavors
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Amazing Cigar,"This is one of my absolute favorite cigars. This is my go-to when I want to just chill out with a bourbon and smoke. Smooth, easy draw, great taste, all around amazing! You won't be disappointed...."
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Ashton Aged Maduro No. 40,Best cigar that I've ever smoked!
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Ashton Aged Maduro Corona,"I recently purchased a box of 25 Ashton Aged Maduro Coronas. I keep a spreadsheet of all the cigars I have tried. This was #197. I rate my cigars on a scale of 1-10. Never rated one a 10, but, this stick was a very strong 9.5. Smooth yet powerful. I'm trying to make them last through the holidays, but that may be a problem."
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Wonderful smoke,Wonderful smoke
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Good buy.,Great taste. Have always liked Ashton's. Will definitely buy again.
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Ashton Aged Maduro No. 40,Great cigar. Nothing else needs to be said....
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Ashton 56 Maduro disappointed,I recently purchased another box of Ashton Maduro 56. I have purchased many boxes of this same Ashton and have always been very satisfied. But this box is terrible. I am about half way through the box and have found the same problem with all of them. As I smoke them they split down the side and by the time I am half way down the cigar they are unsmokeable. I keep them in my humidor as I have always have. This is my favorite cigar and will no doubt try another box. I just hope for better luck. Thanks for listening. GK.
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Ashton maduro,"It's probably rated on my top 3 favorite smokes, very smooth and full of flavor. Will definitely be purchasing soon again. 👍"
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Aged Maduro.,"Still the best doggone cigar on this planet or any other.
Every time I enjoy one of these, I smile for two days.
My absolute favorite.
Delectable.
On that note, i think I'll have another."
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,One of my favorites,This has been one of my favorites a long time in this part of Florida where I live it's not available no one orders it.
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Ashton Maduro,It's one of my very favorites!
Ashton Aged Maduro,4 out of 5,Ashton Aged Maduro #50,"Sweet. That's the first word that comes to mind, but I didn't think it would be in my description after the initial puff. As a matter of fact, right after firing this baby up, I got pepper - and I'm not a fan of pepper bombs, so I frowned up a little. Then, before a third was finished, I thought I had gotten a dipped stogie - I've never tasted such sweetness (chocolate more than cocoa), and it's that very sweetness that I'm forever in search of. I review a cigar while only drinking purified water...but damn if I didn't want to pour a glass of bourbon halfway through this one (I didn't because I want my review ""clean""). I'm also no expert on picking out flavors - pepper is easy, but after that, I'm just in the ""good"" or ""bad"" opinion on flavor, but I picked up the sweetness in this, and it lasted throughout. In terms of construction and looks, this is a well made stick, mottled coloring, in the sunlight I could tell it's oily, but it's definitely not glistening. I'm not impressed with the ash - you really need to tap it at a half an inch, or a little more than a half an inch, or it will fall all over your smoking jacket (I wish I had a smoking jacket!). That's (the ash) my only ""complaint"", because it requires attention. That being said, I love this one because of the natural sweetness - if that's what you're looking for, it's here. I will buy more for sure..."
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,The Aged Maduro,Ashton Aged Maduro's are my favorite.
Ashton Aged Maduro,4 out of 5,Nice everyday smoke,This started out a bit harsh for my liking but the overall taste improved in my opinion after the first 3rd of the cigar was smoked. Burn was even...wapped well. I woukd purchase again.
Ashton Aged Maduro,1 out of 5,Love Ashton's. Hate the 60's,"First of all, let me say I LOVE Ashton's.
However, I hate the No. 60!!!!
They are poorly rolled. One side is tight the other side too loose. Consequently, they burn unevenly and need to be re-lit 3, sometimes 4 times. They're terrible!!!
Out of the box of 25, I probably had 5 that burned evenly and staid lit.
I'm so frustrated with re-lighting them 3 or more times that I simply smash (not stub) them out even if I've only smoked a third of the way.
I'll stick with my No. 10's or pyramids."
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,great,great
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Aston never disappoints,Aston never disappoints
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent!!!,Great job!!!! Very happy with the service..... Thanks
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent,Very consistent...always a good smoke. One of my favorites!
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Very Rich and yet light?,"Ashton Aged Maduros are my current favorite, they are so rich and yet light. I prefer these in a humidity range of 73-75%, the aged tobacco is better and more fulfilling at a slightly higher humidity. I store them at 68-70%, raise them to ~75% the day before I smoke them."
Ashton Aged Maduro,2 out of 5,Not remarkable,"A flat, not-very-interesting cigar."
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Topps,My favorite smoke!! I burn it to the nub and its smooth all the way thru.
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Always fabulous,Pound for pound this is quite simply the best and most consistent cigar I've ever smoked. Very surprising medium and mellow body for a Maduro. I like to try to different brands but I always come back to Ashton.
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Very smooth Maduro,Very smooth Maduro
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,My absolute favorite,"I heard about Ashton maduro 15 years ago listening to a cigar review on the radio in Baltimore and decided to give them a try. For all these years, it's still my go to smoke. It's ALWAYS wonderfully consistent. Nothing better and I've tried them all."
Ashton Aged Maduro,2 out of 5,just so-so,"Not impressed, plenty sticks that are finer for less."
Ashton Aged Maduro,4 out of 5,Best buy,For the money this is one of my favorite moderately priced cigars
Ashton Aged Maduro,3 out of 5,"They were okay, not great","They were okay, not great I wouldn't by them in bulk again"
Ashton Aged Maduro,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Ashton is a special cigar you will enjoy
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Maduro No. 10,Great flavor and smooth!
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,great smoke great price couldn't ask for better
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke. smooth blend. Always,Great smoke. smooth blend. Always enjoyable.
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Value and Excellent Service,"I buy all my cigars from CI. Not only is the selection huge and the prices much better than the local smoke shop you can't beat the delivery times. Depending on the day and time I order I sometimes receive my order with two days with just standard shipping.
Great Service"
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Ashton #56,Great pricing on one of the best Maduro's on the planet cant wait to order them again.....
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Ashton Aged Maduro #60,Just had my first Aged Maduro. #60. First 1-2 inches was so-so. A little resistance on the draw and Nina lot of smoke. Once we made the turn into the second 3rd it was game-on. Rich and creamy smoke with an easy draw. 7.5 inches of love. It required 2 minor touch ups and 1 relight (after I let it sit for 10-15 minutes for a refill and bathroom break). Happy I tried this one and will certainly buy more of these. Great maduro that's not overpowering.
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Smooth and well balanced,Smooth and well balanced
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,SMOOTH AND SILKY,CABINETS ARE THE BEST FOR SMOOTH/MEDIUM BLEND CIGARS. I WISH THE NO 8 WERE A SLIGHTLY BIGGER RING SIZE BUT OVERALL THE BEST
Ashton Cabinet Selection,4 out of 5,Mild and Solid Smoke,"This is a very reliable smoke, mild in flavor with a good burn from start to finish. The draw is almost always very good. I've had a few where the draw was absolutely perfect, and a few where the interior leaf was wrapped just a bit too tight and the draw just a bit on the hard side. But overall, very solid and always enjoyable cigar"
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Great enjoyable cigar.,once of the best cigars I have smoked and I have smoked a lot. Very enjoyable with nice mild taste. The burn on this cigar is excellent hands down. I would recommend as a treat to yourself would buy again.
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Cannot say anything bad this cigar. Even if its mellow the flavors are fantastic. This was a treat for myself being a essential employee to myself. The flavors alone are worth it. The gift set that came with it was just a wonderful bonus. What a great way to treat yourself. I would buy again peroid as a reward to myself. The construction was great with the ash falling off when I made it at 1 and half to 2 inches. Seriously buy one give it a try you won't be disappointed.
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Good,Good
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Fineness experience.,"I bought a box of Ashton Cabinet Selection Vintage #8 Churchill 7 x 49 at CI. Perfect roll, draw and burn. Good and well cured tobacco guarantee the delicious balance blend and smoothness smoke of these Ashton Cabinet Churchills. This is fineness in the cigar smoking experience. Indulge yourself with this cigar and a shoot of cold Hendrick's gin."
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Nice,Very nice cigar with a great draw
Ashton Cabinet Selection,4 out of 5,my second choice behind Romeo,my second choice behind Romeo and Julieta Vintage
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Smoooth..........................,Simply a very nice smoke.
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Never had a bad Ashton,Never had a bad Ashton Cabinet. Amazing smokes
Ashton Cabinet Selection,4 out of 5,Dependable mild cigar,Dependable mild cigar
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Ashton Cab Vintage Belicoso,"The Cigar remains one of my favorites start to finish, smooth, no bite, and perfectly designed for a 30-40 minute smoke. The Ashton remains a top pick and is perhaps forever underrated. Doc"
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Happy,Happy
Ashton Cabinet Selection,3 out of 5,Find them to be a,"Find them to be a bit harsh, I expected a smoother cigar. For the price I would not buy them again."
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Ashton,"these are very smooth cigars , I find they go well with red wine, perfect manhattans,beer ,and coffee. wish the price was a little lower.fine cigars"
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Truly great cigar,Truly great cigar
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,slightly sweet and creamy with a bit of spice or peppery (oaky ?) flavor middle to end of ciga,Ashton is my go to cigar. It is consistently good. A mild to medium cigar that satisfies every time. Quality is only surpassed by it's flavor(s). I would describe it as slightly sweet and creamy with a bit of spice or peppery (oaky ?) flavor middle to end of cigar. Consistent draw and quality with every cigar in the box. Would definitely recommend.
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Ashton,"My wife bought me the Ashton Cabinet selection for my birthday. I think she got it for me as she also likes the Ashton cigars. :)
I have always found the Ashton cigars as my favorite. I am happy to say the ones I have tried so far are as good as I remember."
Ashton Cabinet Selection,4 out of 5,Inconsistent cigar-to-cigar,"Some are extremely nice, some are okay, some are broken and not good.
This is contrasted to the original Ashton Churchill where each cigar was a buttery beauty."
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Frank,Smooth enjoyable smoke.
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Ashton Cabinet,Excellent smoke!!
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,"Love the cigar, has to","Love the cigar, has to be one of my favorite smokes."
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Ashton's,"Love them worth every penny, will definitely buy them again"
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Very nice,Very nice
Ashton Cabinet Selection,2 out of 5,Ashton quality,I love Ashton cigars but these did not smoke well! Too tight and several of them we only 50-60% good. Would not order these again. Very expensive but not worth what I paid.
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Nearly all Ashtons are my,Nearly all Ashtons are my favorite cigar.
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,"Good Deal, Quick Delivery",Good fresh cigars delivered very quickly
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Joes,I buy 90% of my accessories and cigars from u guys for years great job.
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Amazing Cigar,"Absolute great cigar, great burn, nice, smooth, just a great smoke!!"
Ashton Cabinet Selection,1 out of 5,dry ashtons,"the box of ashton’s are dry and I’m in the process of trying to rehumindify them if possible. they also have a bite that is quite unpleasant about two thirds burnt.
should have ordered my davidorff anniversario cigars that i usually get."
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Ashton Cabinet,Can't go wrong with Ashton. However in the same order I was surprised to see that so far one of my Montecristo classics had a terrible draw and I had to discard it after a few minutes of lighting. We'll see about the other four soon enough.
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Always Ashton,I've enjoyed smoking Ashton Cabinets for about 20 years. They have NEVER disappointed.
Ashton ESG,5 out of 5,My go to !!,When I can't purchase a cuban Bolivar churchill this Aashton ESG is my go to. What a great smoke. Pricey but very enjoyable. A good hour plus smoke that smells and tastes great.
Ashton ESG,5 out of 5,Ashton 23 year,Simply superb cigar.
Ashton ESG,5 out of 5,Best Cigar Ever!,The title says it all!
Ashton ESG,5 out of 5,Great cigar smooth and Tennessee whiskey,I’ve first tried this cigar about 6 months ago and couldn’t wait to purchase a full box of 25 they are a little pricey but what can I say you pay for what you get it’s a.great cigar starts off mild and stays the same till the end 5 ⭐️
Ashton ESG,5 out of 5,Very nice smoke and loads,Very nice smoke and loads of flavor
Ashton ESG,4 out of 5,It’s a solid A-,It’s a good smoke for someone who wants that Ashton flavor but better. I think I still prefer the 1926 Padron for the money.
Ashton ESG,3 out of 5,Mike,good smoke but not worth the $$$
Ashton ESG,1 out of 5,Thumb down,"Not full bodied at all,
Mild to medium. Won't be buying this stick again.
For that price their are many others better and definitely cheaper."
Ashton ESG,2 out of 5,Full bodied it is NOT.,Excellent draw and structure but full bodied? I call shenanigans. I'd put this as mild to medium.
Ashton ESG,5 out of 5,JC,"Very impressive, good pull from start to finish... Burns nicely, I would definitely recommend this cigar."
Ashton ESG,5 out of 5,I think the cigar is,I think the cigar is a very well designed cigar and the flavor is well balance. Thank you
Ashton ESG,5 out of 5,excellent service,Quality and time of delivery excellent.
Ashton ESG,5 out of 5,One of the best,Fantastic from beginning to end.
Ashton ESG,5 out of 5,Easily the most perfect cigar,"Perfect smoke with perfect construction... when you only want the very best. This is a solid five star product NOT a ""this gets five stars for being a great $5 smoke"".
Every cigar in the Ashton ESG series is perfect. I would only smoke this with experienced smokers. A newbie would think its great, of course, but an experienced smoker will be able to truly appreciate it."
Ashton ESG,5 out of 5,The best of all non Cubans ....,"It is a great full bodied cigar, yet so smooth!! Throughly enjoyed and a finger burner for sure!!!"
Ashton ESG,5 out of 5,"have not smoked any yet,","they are for a special occasion. love them, mild never get hot right down to the end. yum"
Ashton ESG,5 out of 5,Worth every penny!!,"Wow!! Although I'm a novice at this hobby, this is by far the smoothest cigar I've ever puffed on!. Definitely worth the money. The flavor is amazing. Don't hesitate to try it."
Ashton ESG,5 out of 5,Worth every penny!!,"Wow!! Although I'm a novice at this hobby, this is by far the smoothest cigar I've ever puffed on!. Definitely worth the money. The flavor is amazing. Don't hesitate to try it."
Ashton ESG,5 out of 5,High-end cigar that I highly recommend!,"Highly Recommended cigar worth the smoke.
I bought the 5 pack of the Ashton ESG 22 Year Salute for my brother, dad and myself to smoke on Christmas (Today)! We father and I tried 2 a couple of weeks ago and knew this would be perfect.
The cigars start very mild in flavor with an easy draw. About halfway through it starts getting an earthly flavor. By the end it's exploding in flavor but absolutely smooth. Took us about an hour and a half each to smoke. No nasty after taste. No cigar buzz/illness. Its been about 2 hours since the smoke and we are mellowed out."
Ashton ESG,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"Im not a big bood cigar guy, but these are smooth"
Ashton ESG,5 out of 5,Immaculate,"Worth every penny. I'm an infrequent smoker (twice a month maybe), but when I do smoke, I sit down for hour or hour and half and really immerse myself in the experience. The Ashton ESG 22-Yr Salute is a phenomenal smoke. I was blown away by the construction and how it felt in my hand. Once lit, great flavor from start to finish overall a refined taste that really makes a statement. One of the greatest gifts you can give to a friend and share a fantastic moment experiencing this gorgeous cigar.
Thanks CI, you guys have great service and I may never have tried this cigar without this site."
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,5 out of 5,Love this cigar.,Love this cigar.
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,3 out of 5,Only ok,"Really was not for me. The burn was only ok. Kind of spicy, draw was not great. Not a home run."
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,5 out of 5,Great smoke,This is one of most reasonably priced great smoke
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,5 out of 5,Ashton heritage puro,"Burn = 8.5, smoke 6.0: (medium density), draw= 9.0, flavor 9.5, great smoke, all the way to the end........use ur roach clip."
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,5 out of 5,Ashton heritage,Amazing cigars worth the dollars
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,5 out of 5,Good tobacco.,Bought a box of Heritage Puro Sol in the Churchill format or size. These cigars are mild to medium but full of good tobacco flavor. Ashton cigars are balance delightful smokes. Excellent taste.
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,5 out of 5,Rick,Love them
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,5 out of 5,Ashton Heritage,My go to cigar!
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,4 out of 5,Love them,Love them
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,5 out of 5,A royal treat,"Gathering high in the kingdom could never be more satisfying than when the royal court smokes these elegant sticks. They are not only fit for a king, but for the king of kings."
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,5 out of 5,Excellent cigars,"These cigars are very smooth,they burn evenly and have a great taste. Would definitely buy again."
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,5 out of 5,My first Ashton,Probably my favorite cigar in the states thus far. Great mild smoke that burned nicely. Happy with the price and condition.
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,5 out of 5,One of my favorites thus far.,I'm just starting to appreciate a good cigar and ones like these will keep me coming back.
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,5 out of 5,The best,The best
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,5 out of 5,Really nice cigar!,"I ordered a box of the Ashton Heritage for our annual Christmas Eve get-together. After dinner, about a dozen of us sit down for some B & B and a nice smoke. I enjoyed this cigar immensely, as did the company. Rave reviews all around. Cigars were fresh as could be, contrary to some reviews that had me a little worried. Will be ordering these beauties again."
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,4 out of 5,"Mild, smooth draw","Mild, smooth draw"
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,5 out of 5,The best,Best cigar
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,4 out of 5,Pur Sol,It just has a pleasing characteristic not unlike the Cuban Montecristo #2
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,3 out of 5,Stale and Dry,"My box of Ashton Heritage Churchill cigars are dry enough that the outer rapper is unwrapping. They are dry enough that the cigar burns fast, so the entire smoke experience lasts nearly half the time it should. My box of 20 Havana Blend East India Co., Ltd cigars by K. Hansotia & Co. were also like this, so it is not exceptional for me. Old, dry and stale seems the rule when cigars are purchased from Cigars International!"
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,4 out of 5,Okay Cigar,"Before purchasing the Ashton Heritage Puro Sol Corona Gorda I had the opportunity to try the Ashton Symmetry, which to me, was a great cigar. I ordered the Heritage because I am trying to lock down a cigar maker that I know I can turn to when I'm looking for a good smoke. It wasn't the best but definitely a good cigar to relax with. I'd purchase them again and definitely becoming a fan of Ashton."
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,5 out of 5,Best ever made,"Hands down, all time favorite cigar, bar none... I have paid a lot more and a lot less for a cigar and gotten a LOT less than I did with this. I always preferred mild cigars, even a spicy maduro on occasion, but now I smoke nothing else. I have tried a friend's Diamond Crown and Davidoff, and have had the Ghurkas, the Rocky Patels, etc... I buy the Heritage by the box now and keep my humidor full plus have a box at my local cigar shop in the private humidor. Did I mention these were awesome?! Now, if they would only make them a size smaller..."
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,4 out of 5,Very nice i like to,Very nice i like to sit down and in joy a stoggi once and a while with aglass of brandy
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,5 out of 5,My favorite by far!,This cigar is my go to cigar. Sharing these with friends always results in positive responses as to how tasty this stick is!
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,5 out of 5,Perfect,Exelent
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,5 out of 5,Pleased with purchase,Pleased with purchase
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,5 out of 5,Ashton's the go too Cigar,I always enjoy a cigar and Ashton is no slouch! Always tasty with a even burn. Great after dinner cigar or anytime for that matter
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,4 out of 5,Best pricing and availability,"CI may not have the lowest pricing on a given item, at a given time. But, they have the consistently lowest prices and best availability of the brands I desire. Delivery is always fast and orders accurate. My only downgrade is the products come a little stale sometimes and have to be refreshed in my humidor."
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Ashton,Very nice cigar
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Good cigar for something quick,Good cigar for something quick
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Great for a quick smoke.,Great for a quick smoke.
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Good stuff,Same good taste as big brother not to small not to tall a nice burn when you can go for something but dont have to much time this is it I will definitely get them again ps not a bad price either relax
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Always an excellent purchase,Always an excellent purchase
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Great smoke for a short time frame,These are great smokes with great flavor that usually last me about 30 - 40 minutes. These are a regular go-to for me when I want a quicker smoke.
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Best small cigar,Best small cigar I have had
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Love love!,Love love!
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Esquires are a quality smoke for a small cigar,"Nice smoke for a small cigar, notes of cedar and caramel. All are good quality and smooth burning."
Ashton Small Cigars,4 out of 5,good little smoke,"nice little smokes, good construction, doesn't burn hot for a little smoke."
Ashton Small Cigars,3 out of 5,good cigar,Ashton always has good cigars.. they cost more but every cigar I have had from Ashton has been good. These are good. 3 stars because they are a bit expensive but add one secret star because they taste good
Ashton Small Cigars,4 out of 5,Nice quick smoke,Nice quick smoke
Ashton Small Cigars,4 out of 5,Nice quick smoke,A well made cigar to fill a small spot.
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Ashton half corona,"Love em' Just the right moisture, smooth and not too small. Since I bought a box of fifty I had to buy something to carry a few with me to keep from cracking"
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Great smoke and not long winded.
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Ashton blue,Excellent smoke especially when it’s cold outside
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Great smoke for the price.,Great smoke for the price.
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,ashton blue,smooth perfect size just what I was looking for
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Favorite,My favorite smoke
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Best quick smoke,"I like these guys, a quality 25 minute smoke"
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,A Great smoke,A great dependable smoke! Shared these babies with my dad and brother while watching the Astros on the back porch!!
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Perfect size.,Perfect size.
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,First one was a good one!!,"Brother's been smoking these saying they were awesome, had to buy my own to find out but worth the cost."
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,For on the go!,Perfect size when you don’t have a lot of time!
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Top shelf,Awesome flavor! Top of the line!
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Perfection,Great night time smoke before bed to unwind and relax.
Ashton Small Cigars,4 out of 5,Value,A good cigar at a good price. Enjoy!
Ashton Small Cigars,2 out of 5,They're ok,I would like a small cigar with a little larger ring and maybe individually wrapped.
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Great short smoke,Very smooth and mild. Consistent and even burn. Very enjoyable. Just wish they were a little cheaper.
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Good smokes,The product is satisfying and the service is excellent. Thanks.
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,GREAT little stick,GREAT little stick
Ashton Small Cigars,2 out of 5,Not the cigar but the age,The last 2 shipments I’ve received have been dry. Very disappointing!
Ashton Small Cigars,3 out of 5,Disappointed,Pretty good smoke. Not the taste that I had thought they might be. Others are better for a lot less $$
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Just enough,Very nice quick smoke.
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,1/2Corona Blue Box,I found the 1/2 Corona White box in a local cigar shop and tried them and was pleased. There a perfect size for that time when you don't want a full smoke or do not have the time. I prefer the white box over the blue because it is a little milder. Blue still is a nice smoke.
Ashton Small Cigars,4 out of 5,Ashton cigarillos,Nice little cigar. Perfect when you just don't have the time to smoke a full cigar and the price was right. The draw is a little hard but not unbearable.
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Nice mild little cigar,Nice mild little cigar
Ashton Small Cigars,4 out of 5,"Mild, 10 minute smoke.","Decent cigar. Consistent burn, mild."
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Great product,Great product
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,great little cigar,Good for a quick smoke. All the flavor of a full size Ashton
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,"Great cigars, Great Shipping and Great service!",Ashtons are great cigars. Smooth and smoke well. The half corona is perfect for a quick winter time smoke.
Ashton Small Cigars,4 out of 5,Good litlle smokes.,"I like the buy little cigars, because they don't take a long time (20 minutes) to smoke one. The Ashton Esquire are very good little cigars. I like that they come in a 10 pack tin.
The quality for these little cigars is very good. I would definitely buy them again."
Ashton Small Cigars,3 out of 5,Mediocre cigar,"I like Ashton cigars but this cigar is not as well made nor as good as the other Ashton cigars I have had. For a quick smoke with a beer watching a game it is ok, but I wouldn't waste good scotch on it"
Ashton Small Cigars,4 out of 5,"Ashton senoritas, great flavor","Great size and great taste, chocolate and vanilla tones nice burn my favorite cigarillos thus far not a bad value, look at the 50 pack"
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Family affair,Wife loves them. A real bonding event.
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Great short smoke,"15-20 min smoke , spicy and flavorful"
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Ashton Cigarillos Blue Box,Mild and much better than the Macanudo Ascots which can be harsh.
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,ashton esquires,"great little cigar, but way overpriced"
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,"Rick H, Ft. Lauderdale","Love this cigar. This is my computer smoke. 20 minutes of cigar pleasure. Consistent in flavor. Of all the small cigars I've smoked, this Ashton is always in my stash."
Ashton Symmetry,5 out of 5,Fantastic smoke,"Medium bodied smoke, consistently delicious from start to finish. This cigar became one of my favorites from the first try."
Ashton Symmetry,5 out of 5,Outstanding cigar and set,Outstanding cigar and set
Ashton Symmetry,4 out of 5,Meh.,"A nice cigar. Well made. Full-bodied to my palate.
And, like most Ashtons, IMO, a bit overrated. Still, too good for three stars."
Ashton Symmetry,5 out of 5,"Amazing, smooth - my favorite!","Amazing smoke. This was recommended to me by the owners of a cigar bar here because he knew I loved Ashton VSGs. He said ""try the Symmetry."" I rarely change anything, but I gave it a try... then kept getting them. It's the only one I smoke now. I love it!"
Ashton Symmetry,5 out of 5,Fab...,Fabulous. Everything that has been written about these are true.
Ashton Symmetry,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Fantastic
Ashton Symmetry,5 out of 5,My Favorite Ashton,"Number one in my humidor, as always great pricing and service from CI"
Ashton Symmetry,5 out of 5,Stop and smell the roses,"This is truly a wonderful cigar. The description from C.I. and the previous reviews are spot-on, so I won't go in to all the details. However, one thing nobody has mentioned. If you get a box of these, immediately you'll notice how beautiful and well-made the box is. And then when you crack it open you are met by the most awesome aroma ever! It almost made me want to just keep all the cigars in the box to just enjoy the aroma over and over. But of course I put them into one of my humidors and am thoroughly enjoying smoking them. Once again, great cigar!"
Ashton Symmetry,5 out of 5,Hands down my favorite,"Hands down my favorite cigar. Just bought a box from CI and I couldn't wait so smoked one right out of the box. Tasted like it was in the humi for months! Flavor hits all the right notes for me. Cinnamon, spice, pepper and towards the end some leathery notes. Every single stick is a finger burner and I typically don't smoke cigars down the whole way. The difference to me between a good and exception cigar is how smooth it stays towards the end and this one never gets sour or harsh. They're a little pricey but trust me it's worth it. I'd take these over padron 26's, ashton ESG and higher end Arturo Fuente cigars. My favorite is the corona size (over an hour of smoking time) and Churchill (two hours of smoke time). Even my wife takes a puff or two of these when I first light up before the cigar gets a little heavier!"
Ashton Symmetry,5 out of 5,Complaint,"My only complaint is that this cigar is so good I tend to smoke it too fast. Excellent taste, construction, draw and reams of soft smoke!"
Ashton Symmetry,5 out of 5,Awesome stick!!,"Symmetry is an Awesome stick that is in the same profile as VSG and ESG - consistently flavorful, with good smoke and perfect draw and burn. Great for any special event or when you want to treat someone to the best!!"
Ashton Symmetry,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Ashton Symmetry,5 out of 5,Great quality and fast delivery!!!,Great quality and fast delivery!!!
Ashton Symmetry,5 out of 5,Balanced Cigar,Aston Symmetry is a beautifully balanced cigar...not harsh and very smooth finish!
Ashton Symmetry,5 out of 5,This Ashton Symmetry is absolutely,This Ashton Symmetry is absolutely the smoothest cigar I have ever tasted. It's flavor is next to none and it is my new favorite. If your an Ashton lover like me you've got to try this cigar.
Ashton Symmetry,5 out of 5,Best cigar for money,Best cigar for money
Ashton Symmetry,5 out of 5,Another outstanding cigar from Ashton,"Once again Ashton has created another outstanding cigar. While I truly believe that the Ashton ESG is consistently one of the best cigars made by anyone, the Symmetry shows the same smooth and delicious flavor profile that goes great with the first cup of coffee for the day. I have tried both the Churchill and Robusto, and absolutely enjoyed both equally."
Ashton Symmetry,5 out of 5,Amazing,Amazing
Ashton Symmetry,1 out of 5,Ashton symmetry,Terrible cigars hard to draw and stay litted taste bad
Ashton Symmetry,5 out of 5,Excellent,"Fantastic CIGAR! Great construction, had a real nice even burn and very unique flavors. Little pricey but I think its worth the money. Haven't smoked many Ashton's but after having this I plan on smoking a lot more!"
Ashton Symmetry,4 out of 5,Ashton Symmetry,"Very nice cigar, I really enjoyed it."
Ashton Symmetry,5 out of 5,Symmetry,Ashton came up with a perfect smoke for me. Smooth and not too full making it very enjoyable.
Ashton Symmetry,5 out of 5,Ashton Symmetry Belicoso,"This cigar has a very good score according to ""Cigar Aficionado"" magazine, see 93 points, that was enough to active my curiosity and I decided to buy 5 just to give it a try as a result I found one of the best experience, it is a magnificent smoke medium full cigar made with the best premium Dominican and Nicaragua tobacco I can't wait to buy the whole box"
Ashton Symmetry,5 out of 5,good,Great stuff
Ashton Symmetry,5 out of 5,Nice Cigar,A solid cigar with a consistent burn and a flavor that develops over the full length of the cigar. Medium bodied that improves over time.
Ashton Symmetry,5 out of 5,Another Fuente masterpiece!,"Just had my first last night. Only by chance. Went to my local cigar lounge and the Ashton rep was there. He was giving every member one. Amazing smoke. The draw was perfect, even for such a tightly rolled stick. The tight roll made for a long enjoyable smoke. The wrapper was beautiful and the ash was a beautiful white. The flavor was complex, yet milder than the medium to full listing. It had a solid medium intensity. The rep said it cedar, leather, and spice were present, but I also tasted a nutty nuance and also tasted a hint of caramel that CI mentions. The spice was mild and not overpowering. Even after two inches of ash, I had to tap the stick firmly to get the ash to drop. I enjoyed it down to the nub and had no warmth until about the last inch and a half. No wonder this cigar was top 10 on most lists. It fully deserves its 94 rating. This is my new favorite."
Ashton Symmetry,3 out of 5,Old world flavor,I too picked one up to try after seeing it was one of the top cigars of 2015. I am a fan of Nicaraguan cigars and this one had that old style taste which was another plus. My only complaint was the wrapper. It was a mess. Must of been a bad luck of the draw.
Ashton Symmetry,5 out of 5,A must have in your humidor!,"A very high quality smoke, superb burn, and satisfying all around. Plus it has one of the best wrappers I've seen in a while. There's always one in my humidor."
Ashton Symmetry,4 out of 5,Great Ashton,"Good Medium-Full bodied smoke. Burns well, and of course construction is top notch. I personally prefer the Ashton ESG 22yr, but I suppose thats in a different category. Lots of flavor and chewy smoke."
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,"Great gift pack , I","Great gift pack , I regift to my son. Gars I shared with many and now have new friends !!!"
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Ashton Always A Great Smoke,"What's not to like about the Ashton VSG Robusto, great flavor quality smoke. This cigar is a favorite after dinner with a nice bourbon or relaxing out on the Barnegat Bay."
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,My favorites! Thank you.,My favorites! Thank you.
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Amazing cigar from an amazing,Amazing cigar from an amazing company quick fresh and reliable !!
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent cigar
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Smooth,It's a full cigar but so smooth!
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,My favorite,Currently my favorite cigar.
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Wonderful stronger cigar that smokes smooth.,Simply a great cigar you never get tired of.
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Smooth and easy,Smooth and easy
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Great and super smooth.,Great and super smooth.
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Smooth,Great smelling cigar
Ashton VSG,4 out of 5,Nice but$$$$$$,"Strong, but smooth even for a med head."
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Ashton VSG,Great cigars. Had a few already and all were great. The service as always was a 5 start. Cigar International is simply the best.
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Great Great cigars,Can’t ever go wrong with Ashton cigars and these are some of the best
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,VSG's are the best!,"Been a cigar smoker for 15 years, tried MANY cigars including lots of Cubans but I keep coming back to VSG's. Nice full, strong flavor which just gets better and better. Definitely my favorite cigar"
Ashton VSG,4 out of 5,Good Smoke,"Full-bodied, spicy, and smooth throughout, the Ashton VSG Robusto lives up to the marketing hype."
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,I love these sticks. To,I love these sticks. To bad they're so expensive.
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Ashton VSG Sorrcer,I recieved the cigars and they were very fresh. I will continue buying my cigars with you.
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Outstanding,Great smoke!
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Always a favorite,Always a favorite
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Special Occasion Cigar,"This Ashton VSG Robusto is one of the finest cigars I smoke. Its richness, flavor, wonderful richness and great smoke to the very end make it worth every penny. The price point keeps it out of the everyday cigar range for me ( even with CI's low prices). When the special occasion rolls around out comes the VSG!"
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,My favorite cigar,The Ashton VSG line is my favorite cigar and the Enchantment size is good for nice hour smoke. It's not too long and burns at a good temp. Highly recommended.
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Ultimate smoking experience,Few cigars are this complex and full bodied ... VSG ... Wizard is in a category all on it's own.. this one takes time and an experienced palate to find all the changes in flavors ...pairs very nicely with a strong Bourbon.
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,"My favorite 'heavy' cigar. It is very strong, but unlike most other heavy cigars, it tastes GREAT.","This has been my favorite cigar for some time. It has a lots of good flavors without being harsh or nasty, like so many cigars that run ""full"" flavored can be."
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Ashton VSG Wizard,Fantastic smoke! I was very impressed by the smoothness and clean flavors of the smoke. I would definitely recommend them to anyone who enjoys a premium cigar.
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,My Favorite Cigar,"I don't generally like a full flavor cigar, but this one has excellent flavor."
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Very good cigar,Tastes and smokes well. It gets super strong towards the end suddenly though.
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,A Real Pleaser,"As with most of the Ashton line, the VSG is a well constructed cigar and a pleasure to smoke. What makes the VSG standout is the rich full flavors it delivers from one stick to the next. A real pleaser!"
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,VSG ROBUSTO,NICE SMOKE. FULL OF FLAVOR WILL REORDER.
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,AshtonVSG,"I really like them
I ordered them they sent the wrong ones but a great gar"
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,A Premium Cigar,"The Ashton VSG is one of my ‘go to’ cigars. Always consistent construction, burn and taste. If you like a fairly full bodied smoke at a modest price you should give ‘em a try."
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,they smoke like a dream. great smoke.
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Fred,great service
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Awesome,Awesome
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Exception to the rule,"I'm a HUGE fan of full-bodied Nicaraguan cigars. In my rotation you'll find My Father, San Cristobal. Oliva V, Melanio, Padron, Padron 1964, Undercrown, JDN Antano 1970, Man O' War, MOW Ruination, Puro Authentico, and more. You get the picture. Ashton VSG can stand toe-to-toe with any of them. It's my exception to the rule. A Dominican as tasty as any cigar I've had."
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Ashton VSG,I enjoyed the Ashton VSG. It was a very flavorful smoke. A little bolder than my personal favorite. But I would buy again.
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Just What One Expects from Ashton,"Rich flavors, superior construction, excellent burn. High end price, but well worth it for an exceptional smoke for a special occasion (or no occasion at all!) High rating by CI and others is well deserved and more than justified. Advice: treat yourself to this rare smoke; you won't be disappointed!"
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,VSG great cigar,"Bought 5 pack.All burned perfect great cigars at a great price.
I'll buy again. Jim p"
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,The Burn,#1 cigar ever. Nothing compares to taste and burn
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Ashton VSG Illusion,One of the BEST cigars I have ever smoked!
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Ashton beauties,My VSG's arrived timely and on perfect condition.
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Great smoke,One of my favorite cigars. Great burn and flavor
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Ashton VSG fan.,"I have always enjoyed the aroma of a good cigar. Since birth, it has been in my nature to gravitate towards outstanding tobacco. I am sure I am not alone I. Saying pipe smoke has a certain allure to us all. I have found much pleasure in a fine cigar and enjoy shopping/buying cigars almost as much as smoking them. Through the stress and tribulations of day to day life, cigars are my release and I am thankful.
I am a novice brother of the leaf in the most modest sense. I have been blessed with the curse for about 2 years now. Never one to limit my pleasures to a specific stick, as I find my taste is forever changing. What is delicious tonight... Rarely duplicates itself. I am a student to the leaf. One thing I have learned is the VSG is always a solid choice. Rarely do I buy boxes. The Ashton VSG is, and will be, a staple in all humidors I ever own. Bravo Ashton. Great cigar."
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,All good!,Great cigars and service
Ashton VSG,3 out of 5,The CAO's were great as,The CAO's were great as usually. However this is the second time I received Ashton VSG in a 5 pack and 2-3 of the 5 pack smoked very badly. They burnt uneven and with a burn hole in the middle.
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Worth the money.,Just WOW! Best full bodied I have smoked. Burnt my fingers.
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,"My ""goto"" smoke","VSG is a great smoke. I have spent allot more, allot less but the VSG is the best. It is, by far, my goto smoke."
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Sometimes you do get what you pay for...,One of my very favorite cigars. Rich creamy goodness from start to finish. I've never had a burn or a draw problem. They are not cheap but they don't taste like it either! BTW how could anyone compare these to an H. Upmann Media Noche!?
Ashton VSG,2 out of 5,Not worth the price,"Not a terrible smoke, but not great either. The Oliva V series or H Uppman Media Noche have much better flavor for far less money."
Asylum,5 out of 5,Smooth and taste great.,Smooth and taste great.
Asylum,4 out of 5,Very good cigar,Full flavored good price.
Asylum,5 out of 5,Wow,Lots of flavour and unreal punch of nicotine. It's not for beginner for sure
Asylum,4 out of 5,good small cigar,"Good flavor, burned evenly. Excellent choice for a quick smoke."
Asylum,5 out of 5,Great smoke when you only,Great smoke when you only have a short break in the day to enjoy a cigar.
Asylum,3 out of 5,Really uneven and too much spice...longer in the humi?,"I picked up some of these at the local shop about two weeks ago. I'm thinking I should have let them sit longer before burning one but, it's cold and I was looking for a short smoke. The flavor was fantastic the first few puffs. Then, it gained a ton of spice. Enough to sting the lips and tongue a bit and make me reach for a drink. It also burned completely uneven. Touching it up with a torch didn't help. I'll try again in a month or two but, not really that impressed so far."
Asylum,5 out of 5,This is a great little smoke.,"Sometimes called a dog walker this is the perfect size when you want a really good cigar, but you haven't the time to enjoy a robusto or larger. A lot of medium to full flavor in a small package. I love this cigar."
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,Excellent cigar
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Totally awesome,Totally awesome. The largest cigar I have ever seen. It's got a great flavor and lasts almost 18 holes of golf!!
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Nice full bodied smoke. Burns well and has a great flavor. Well constructed. Not my everyday but definitely weekend and special occasions smoke.
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Asylum 13 double corona,"A nice smoke, burns slowly and smooth, very enjoyable!"
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Great value,"I am one of the people that find the 13 a great smoking experience.
The 6x60 is a perfect fit for me, it handles my smoking style and, provides a smooth yet full flavored enjoyment.
I have been fortunate to have found these gems."
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Asylum,A smooth slow smoking cigar. it goes real smooth with good a glass of scotch
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,Excellent smoke
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Excellent mega cigar,"Nice strong cigar, as god as the camacho family. The huge size is something to get used to, but the flavor is worth every puff. A nice cigar for a long enjoyable smoke."
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Great cigars.....great service,Competitive prices.....great cigars....great service
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Nice body (all and all,Nice body (all and all good smoke)
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Great Customer Service,Very happy with the cigars. Very happy with the shipping. Everything arrived right on time for a trip to Las Vegas. Good Job Cigars International!
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,I’m a fan of Aslyum,Love the big ring size and the full bodied taste
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Excellent cigar burns nice smothe. So good they have a hard time keeping it in stock.
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Great service,"Great service, great prices"
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Nothing Beats Asylum,By far my favorite cigar!
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Great smokes,Had to keep them in the humidor for awhile. They were a bit dry.
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Excellent,Very nice smooth cigar. Good cigar to just sit down and enjoy with a few brews.
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Super fast Delivery..,Delivering came super fast as always.. I Smoke 2 A13 on Thanksgiving and both where right on point.. Clean burn nice flavor..
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Awesome,Awesone
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Asylum 13 Super 11/18,Great smoke. I keep trying other brands but keep coming back to Asylum. Love the big ring cigars.
Asylum 13,4 out of 5,Asylum 13 Super 11/18,"Was wanting to purchase the 8x80,which was on back order, so I tried the Asylum 13 Super 11/18. With a bit of confusion on which end to clip, the Asylum 13 Super 11/18 still ended up being a great cigar!"
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Bigmack. Big cigar,Love the size. The stick is excellent. It's become my go to stix
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,"Was skeptical, However...","Bought these at the recommendation of a brother firefighter, have to say, love them too. Pairs well with a glass of Jack Daniels. Burns for a while, smokes up great. Really good cigar, definitely ordering more for my vacation this year!!!"
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,My favorite cigar.,"Glad you have them in the monster size. Great, long smoke."
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Asylum 13 Seventy,"This Cigar is Awesome, I smoke it as an Everyday cigar usually 2-3 a day. I am very happy with the Flavor and size. C I Delivery is the best. Always on time if not sooner than I expect. Just wish the search for LARGER Ring Guage was easier to navigate. Perhaps 60+ and 70+ Clicks."
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Make some time for this beauty!,"A smooth, flavorful smoke that's great for the golf course, on the beach or when ever you have a few hours to enjoy a great cigar!"
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,An amazing cigar!,Not for the faint of heart--it's massive! But perfect for the golf course!
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Golfers Smoke,This well crafted and nicely balananced cigar is perfect for a 18 hole round. The medium/full approach on the cigar improves as you go along. I will always have this one for golf season
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Love the Asylum 13 eighty's,"Great smoke, perfect ring size, great draw."
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Love it,"If I could I would fill my humidor with these. Good draw and burn great flavor and due to the size, they are like an all day sucker. Highly recommended."
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,great stick,I love all the different asylums regardless of the ring
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Big smokey.,Great smoke.
Asylum 13,4 out of 5,Big Fatty Arbuckle,"excellent smoke, long and flavorful"
Asylum 13,4 out of 5,Love the smoke,One of my favorite cigars.... I have to smoke an Asylum two-three times a week!
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Asylum 13,Love them!!! Smooth smoke great price!!!
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,flavor bomb,Wow great cigar with great flavor
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Excellent choice,"Ordered a five pack because this cigar has never disappointed. Even burn, tight ash, smooth draw. Taste profile includes spices, nuts, dark chocolate, and leather. You will not be disappointed."
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Still curing in my humidor.,Still curing in my humidor.
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Great cigar,never disappointed with this cigar.
Asylum 13,4 out of 5,Great Small Cigar,Great Small Cigar
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Deeeelish!,"I almost hate to write a good review on this cigar but here it goes. I ordered a 10 pack of Asylum 60's and was totally impressed with the level of quality and craftsmanship! Solid, firm construction, very nice aroma and perfect draw on every stick! For an inexpensive cigar this has got to be one of the most consistently made brands. Nice earthy, woody flavor with a slight taste of cinnamon this cigar is a perfect medium-full specimen and will remain a regular in my rotation. I was a little leery of the 60 ring vitola but I think the blend really shines with a larger size. I highly recommend this blend if you're looking for a long burning and cool smoking cigar that will not disappoint than this is one you should try."
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,A big hitter,"Very good smoke, very favorable, a regular in my humidor, when you light it you realize what a commitment you've made. Plus you'll get some pretty diverse comments."
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,SMOOTH SMOKE,I LOVE THE ASYLUM IT IS A EXCELLENT CIGAR
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Big Honker,"It is as good as some of the Cubans I have smoked. Bold and full of flavor. Not for the wimp but a Man's cigar. They are my ""Special"" cigar's that I pull out for certain events. Man up and get this Big Honker!"
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Asylum 13 is awesome,"I have to say that the first Asylum 13 i had was the GIGANTIC 80 gauge version which was a bit hard to smoke, but i really enjoyed the flavor so i ordered these robusto version, and i have to say that they are FANTASTIC. everything i could ever want in a full flavored, complex body cigar."
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,"a monster, a deeply smooth","a monster, a deeply smooth jawbreaker"
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,"lover of large ring cigars, here...",I am very pleased with my recent order and would like to try more extra large ring cigars. Any recommendations?
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Like a bat the hand and head,"Started a modest hobby of cigars about 2 months ago, only other time I smoked one (mostly pretending) was in the Military, passing a few around to share after a hard day of being a combat soldier was really lost to me at the time.
I been sampling, and my local humidor has been helping me find my likes. Asked him whats the biggest cigar he had... its this one. Really liked it, mid way flavor chance was nice, had a very enjoyable first light getting a nice crown on it, for me I was flying very high!
Im 6'4"", the cigar looks at home with me, left a very pleasant after smell in my place, kinda studious.
Finding the stronger cigars are for me.
Looking to order them when they get them in."
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,Great cigar!
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Thank you!,The order was delivered in a timely manner. I have had several orders from CI and have been very pleased.
Asylum 13 Authentic Corojo,4 out of 5,Give it a whack!,"Okay I love Christian eirora he does great work. This cigar is a gem as well. But personally asylum and him are where we dont meet. I'm no big ring gauge guy. I can only name about 5 cigars I prefer in a regular 6x60 size but on to this smoke it has smooth flavor and full strength even in the robusto size. I only rate this a 4 due to the lack of ""traditional sizes"""
Asylum 13 Authentic Corojo,5 out of 5,Cigar International is GREAT!,"For me its simple great customer service, the website is easy to navigate, I've never had a problem with my personal acct info and the best part everything I've ever ordered has come in two days. It's simple you order and you get your cigars period.So far i haven't had any damaged cigars they are always wrapped good. Keep up the good work!"
Asylum 13 Connecticut,5 out of 5,Sweet and spicy,"Delicious cigars. I’ve smoked quite a few of these, and I love them. They have a nice sweetness and a decent level of spice. They kind of remind me of the cigar version of hot tamales (not THAT spicy though lol)."
Asylum 13 Connecticut,4 out of 5,Asylum 13,Nice smoke
Asylum 13 Connecticut,5 out of 5,Very good stick! Easy draw,Very good stick! Easy draw and unique flavor.
Asylum 13 Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good value to add to you Mild repertoire.,I was turned on to this from a local cigar shop owner. Good smoke. I like the 5 x 50 better then the 7 x 70. The big ones got a little hot near the finish.
Asylum 13 Connecticut,5 out of 5,Fast and dependable,"Recieved cigars in great condition as posted will continue to order from CI,"
Asylum 13 Connecticut,5 out of 5,pretty smooth,all good
Asylum 13 Connecticut,5 out of 5,You'll Love These,"I was turned on to these cigars from a friend. If you enjoy a smooth cigar, then you need to order a box of these."
Asylum 13 Connecticut,5 out of 5,mild-medium smooth,"silky, smooth, and steady. The Asylum 13 Connecticut is a tasty, smooth, constant flavor smoke. When you want a mellow smoke that stays the same through out the hole cigar, get an Asylum 13 Connecticut."
Asylum 13 Connecticut,5 out of 5,Another Great CI Experience,"I tried this cigar at CigarFest - OMG what a great way to be introduced to a variety of products, most I'd have never tried otherwise - so good I had to buy some - very nice smoke - go for it, you won't be disappointed"
Asylum 13 Connecticut,2 out of 5,Asylum 13,I was not impressed with it. Too loosely wrapped cigar that did not burn well.
Asylum 13 Medulla Oblongata,5 out of 5,Won't Be Disappointed,"Great 2hr smoke, really enjoyed the smooth bite. Looking to add these to the humidor soon."
Asylum 13 Medulla Oblongata,5 out of 5,Thoroughly enjoyable in all aspects,"Wow. I am a casual cigar smoker, but this one is definitely up there on the list. Clean draw, rich, thick smoke, and a great flavor. I prefer a medium cigar usually, and this one keeps a great flavor throughout. Nice, even burn. If my humidor's weren't already full, I would order a few more of these, definitely."
Asylum 13 Medulla Oblongata,5 out of 5,Asylum is INSANELY great!!,"Wow! Great afternoon cigar. Superbly made, great draw and consistent flavor to the end!"
Asylum 13 Medulla Oblongata Maduro,5 out of 5,My New Favorite,"My favorite cigar is the pricey Liga Privada N0. 9. The Medula Oblongata is every bit as good at half the price. I don't write reviews but I had to share this good news. Great rich, complex, oily smoke."
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,Ogre 550,"Great smoke, bought a 5 pack to give them a try and I've already ordered more. Great even burn, never had to touch it up from first light all the way down to the nub. Will definitely add this to my regular rotation"
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,The Mean Green Ogre,It's a smooth and nice cigar to have in your humidor. Nice burn on it and great flavor with hints of spices and pepper. You gotta try an Ogre to appreciate it.
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,5. Star Great Smoke,5. Star Great Smoke
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,Great!,Great!
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,Asylum 13,"I love em
Rich flavor, good draw, long smoke
I would buy them again at that price!"
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,"""barber pole""","Love it,smooth,great taste,no after taste.Not for the faint of heart!"
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,Unique and enjoyable,"Highly recommend to those that have never had a candela or barber pole wrapped cigar. Creamy and unique flavors throughout. Great construction, 5 Stars."
Asylum 13 Ogre,3 out of 5,"Steve Yeager Reviews ""Asylum 13""","This cigar was well-constructed, burned evenly and had a nice full flavor, but lacked the good draw that I crave. Overall, a decent cigar."
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,The ogre,The 80 x 8” ogres are great. But plan an all day smoke.
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,My favorite cigar!!,A good quality cigar will definitely be purchasing again!!
Asylum 13 Ogre,4 out of 5,"Just the right size, great","Just the right size, great draw, bad chewer."
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,Asylum 13 great smokes!,I’ve purchased Asylum 13 cigars in all gauges and find them to be a great solid smoke. Top quality with a fair price.
Asylum 13 Ogre,3 out of 5,No value,Not worth the cost for the extra length and width. Loosely packaged and boxed
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,Awesome!!!,"Awesome Cigar, it draws a lot of attention due to the 2 tone."
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,Love these.,Great flavor and consistency. Sometimes an uneven burn. Make a commitment to a long session with a scotch or good book...
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,Asylum 13 cigars,Great cigars
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"I have had this before,great burn, great taste, a great ""everyday"" and special occasion cigar."
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,What to say about this monster of a cigar,"The flavor was great, it was laughable when i opened the box to see the size i guess i should have looked at the size a little closer 8"" by 70 ring lol. But if you have time its a great 3+ hour cigar. Perfect for breakfast, lunch and dinner :)"
Asylum 13 Ogre,4 out of 5,Cigars are great for on,Cigars are great for on the golf course.
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,Great cigar!!,"The appearance took me back a little, but after smoking it I instantly loved it. Great cigar!!"
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,Asylum 13 Ogre 660,Very smooth smoke full of flavor. Quickly became one of my favorite sticks.
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,Will buy again,Really like The Ogre cigar the over all favors are not powering.
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,Orge,Amazing smoke. Great flavor and hold ash very well. Ranks very high on my list of favorite cigars.
Asylum 13 Ogre,1 out of 5,not good,"very little smoke output, nothing special, maybe the size was the problem"
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,LOVE IT!!!,Excellent smoke....very smooth. This is one of my favorite smokes. Always have some. n the humidor. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!! This stick is on my TOP 4 GO-TO LIST....
Asylum 13 Ogre,4 out of 5,"Great stick, depending on construction.","Great cigar! Almost minty off the start, and a strong fully body throughout. One star off because mine had a bit of an uneven burn and actually tunneled out on me in the last third."
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,Ogre,I really enjoyed this cigar.
Asylum 13 Ogre,4 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,A Most Enjoyable Smoke,"A very enjoyable smoke, great taste, nice grey ash, just right with a nice sip of Bourbon."
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,Great 2 hour smoke!,Great 2 hour smoke!
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,A religious experience,Simply put...SUPERB!
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,Awesome cigar,"The cigars came a little dry, but a few days in the humidor and they we're perfect again. One of my absolute favorite cigars."
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Very pleased with my purchase. I have seen several friends smoking this cigar and they all said it was a good stick. So I decided to try it for myself. Glad I did and will be ordering them again very soon.
Asylum 33,4 out of 5,Good Smoke,They were a little dry when I received them so they were on the harsh side. Put them in my humidor for two weeks and they mellowed right out. All in all I think that they are worth the $$$.
Asylum Insidious,5 out of 5,Great smoke. Outstanding flavor,Great smoke. Outstanding flavor
Asylum Insidious,5 out of 5,Nice evening smoke,"Awesome, smooth, creamy, mild, smoked my first one until it burnt my fingers will definitely buy them again 👍🏻"
Asylum Insidious,4 out of 5,Asylum Insidious 764 cigar,I been smoking insidious cigars for two years and I have been pleased with the overall characteristics of the cigar. The ring size and length make it a perfect match for a game of golf on Wednesday and Saturday.
Asylum Insidious,5 out of 5,Insidious,smooth and sweet start.
Asylum Insidious,5 out of 5,Love Em!,This is smooth and sweet. I really enjoy this as an everyday cigar. I was big into Acid but Asylum is beating them in smoothness and flavor. Will be keeping these stocked in the humidor.
Asylum Insidious,5 out of 5,Another great cigar from Asylum!,"The box I purchased have all been good thus far. They burn well, although not 'tightly' rolled at all, some engage in uneven burning, but always return to an even line themselves. The draw is easy and always full of creamy smoke! I'll be buying more!"
Asylum Insidious,5 out of 5,Nice!🚬,"This was purchased by my son at the birth of my granddaughter. I had not smoked a cigar since I was a teen sneeking Swisher Sweet cigarillos on fishing trips. It lit easy, and stayed lit too. It had a cool smooth draw, and a smooth creamy finish. Nice stick for relaxing after a day on the beach! Would definitely want to have on hand for friends who want to hang out on the deck in the evenings."
Asylum Insidious,5 out of 5,insidious,awesome smoke
Asylum Insidious,4 out of 5,Mild,my favorite
Asylum Insidious,5 out of 5,Great cigar.,"May not be complex, but a great cigar to smoke with someone you are introducing to cigars for the first time.
I enjoy this cigar anytime, first one I had when introduced. Enjoy!"
Asylum Insidious,5 out of 5,Asylum Insidious 764,Surprising cigar with a sweet taste when your first start smoking then smooth until finished. Cigar burns well through smoke wether you play golf or enjoying wine or bourbon.
Asylum Insidious,5 out of 5,The best,A great smoke with a sweet after taste
Asylum Insidious,5 out of 5,Smooth,"I needed something mild and smooth, and the Insidious 764 were the perfect fit. Good sized cigar for a long relaxing smoke! I found a new favorite."
Asylum Insidious,5 out of 5,Good mild smoke,Good mild smoke
Asylum Insidious,5 out of 5,excellent piece,"my new favourite cigar, excellent. absolutely loving it. it burns nicely, great mild taste, pleasure to smoke one, or two..."
Asylum Insidious,5 out of 5,Mild taste and burned good,Mild taste and burned good
Asylum Insidious,3 out of 5,I don't think they shipped well... :-),"When I first tried these at a cigar shop, loved them.. I'm holding on to hope, but, when I received them, they were a little dry... first two, so far, went out on me 2 or 3 times and were a struggle to keep burning evenly for the first half of the smoke... but, beyond half, worked out alright...
I have the rest in the humidor to see if I can get them back to where I need them to be."
Asylum Insidious,4 out of 5,Pleasant,"Good beginners smoke great aroma smoke output was awesome burn evenly beginning to end flavors I got were earthy, cedar and some spice retrohale was subtle I rated a 80"
Asylum Insidious,5 out of 5,Experienced smokers don't shy away from this one!,"This is a cigar I probably would never have purchased. I typically smoke medium to full cigars and shy away from sweetened caps as a novelty beginner no flavor indication. To my surprise, this cigar is a flavor bomb. Sweet, cedar, pepper, and it falls in the medium range for me. Awesome morning cigar. Experienced cigar smokers don't shy away ... This is an amazing cigar and the price makes it a daily smoke."
Asylum Insidious,2 out of 5,"Not that great, sorry.","My default brand is Gurkha ..... but I like to try new on occasion. I did not like the Insidious. I have an excellent sense of taste, and to me these were bland ..... no flavor, no after taste. The wrapper was thin, the filler loose. It smoked fast and uneven. I know it's a harsh review, but ..... this just wasn't a very good cigar.
I'll stick with my Gurkha Evils for awhile before branching out again."
Asylum Insidious,4 out of 5,Great Smoke,"Good taste, burn and draw."
Asylum Insidious,5 out of 5,Great anytime cigar,I love the slightly sweet cap and mellow smoking of this cigar. Great with coffee for sure. Good construction and consistentcy. Will buy box soon
Asylum Insidious,4 out of 5,Good cigar,"good cigars at a good price
What else do you want"
Asylum Insidious,5 out of 5,"Insidious, possibly the working mans Davidoff!","Ok so I love the line, all the sizes and all 3 wrappers. This particular one if my favorite. The cap is sweet the cigar body is very mild and burns evenly throughout the smoke! Smoke em up!!"
Asylum Insidious,5 out of 5,"Best Cigar, Hands Down!","This cigar is hands down one of my favorites. The smoke was nice and smooth. The cigar left no aftertaste that was unpleasant, and the sweetened cap tied all of its beauty together. This could become a regular smoke for me, I would encourage cigar smokers new and old to try this if they haven't because it is well worth the money. I really can't say enough about this cigar. I have tried others from the Asylum brand, this has to be the one of the best ones they offer. I will be keeping these on hand for many years to come!"
Asylum Insidious,5 out of 5,Asylum Insidious 764,A great smooth cigar. I have to relight it at times.
Asylum Insidious,5 out of 5,very good cigar,smokes very smooth no after taste
Asylum Insidious,5 out of 5,1st Purchase,I had a great experience. The box of cigars I purchased were fresh and at a great price. I recommend this website to all my friends that are true cigar lovers.
Asylum Insidious,4 out of 5,Absolutely GORGEOUS cigar!,"Loved every bit of this beauty. Everything about it screams quality. Putting this on the top of my list of cigars to buy again and keep on hand. It's cheap enough, mild enough & looks good enough to hand out to friends who may be trying cigars for the first time. Perfect for the beginner just learning how to enjoy the hobby, with enough interesting taste & visual appeal to still interest the veteran.
Insidious has an absolutely gorgeous smooth creamy wrapper that is perfectly flawless. There is tons of billowy smoke, and the ash held for at least 2"" all the way thru, allowing for a nice cool smoke with an easy open draw. I don't have the refined taste of most cigar smokers...I don't taste 50 things in each stick. Usually just 1 or 2. To me this started out with a very mild coffee-ish flavor, and got a little stronger as it progressed thru the cigar. The flavor was very pleasant all the way down to the end. I thoroughly enjoyed every bit of this extremely well made hand-crafted jewel.
Took me an hour & a half to finish this. It was a long smoke, so enjoy it like I did, on the front porch enjoying perfect weather, a quality cigar, a cup of coffee & a good book."
Asylum Insidious Habano,4 out of 5,Sweet burn,Very nice cigar taste awesome and burned even. Will be getting more of these.
Asylum Insidious Habano,5 out of 5,Best budget cigar,Best budget cigar I've found --- great flavor for an AWESOME price!!
Asylum Insidious Habano,5 out of 5,Great cigars,They are great! I'm ordering more.
Asylum Insidious Habano,5 out of 5,Satisfied,Great Cigars
Asylum Insidious Maduro,5 out of 5,Very well satisfying,Very well satisfying
Asylum Insidious Maduro,5 out of 5,Insidious Maduro Tora,"I love this cigar, it has become my every day go to cigar!"
Asylum Insidious Maduro,5 out of 5,It's a great cigar.,"Great name; great taste; great price. It's insane, um... insidious."
Asylum Insidious Maduro,5 out of 5,Great savings!,Love this site. Painless ordering experience and fast shipping.
Asylum Insidious Maduro,5 out of 5,My best smoke,"Can't get enough of this cigar
The mildly sweet tip makes it perfect"
Asylum Insidious Maduro,5 out of 5,A pleasant enjoyable smoke.,"I thought this was a nice, wonderful smoke. I got one of these as part of a sampler. I didn't have high hopes but I was pleasantly impressed. The sweet taste of the wrapper was just right and pairs well with a cabernet."
Asylum Insidious Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigars,"These look like they would be strong flavored cigars, but they are just the right blend to make a great tasting smoke."
Asylum Insidious Maduro,4 out of 5,Nice smooth smoke especially for,Nice smooth smoke especially for the price.
Asylum Insidious Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent evening 'daily',"These are impressive cigars, especially at this price point, and for that I give them five stars.
The Maduro is just a tick up the strength meter from the Connecticut Insidious. Slight cocoa and notable spice, a slightly sweetened tip that doesn't interfere. Consistent construction and draw box after box."
Asylum Insidious Maduro,4 out of 5,Great Smoke But Construction Issues,I love the flavor profile of this stick. The initial sweetness is great. I would give this cigar 5 stars if it were not for an issue that I have run across with many of the Asylum products. They tend to canoe in the first 1/4 of the stick.
Asylum Insidious Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"Draw is good, plenty of flavor, all around a good smoke"
Asylum Insidious Maduro,5 out of 5,Asylum Insidious Maduro,"I rally enjoy the full bodied tastes in this cigar. It burns well and lasts a long time. Only one drawback, they flake a lot. But the good far outweighs this minor thing. I'll definitely be purchasing more!"
Asylum Insidious Maduro,4 out of 5,The perfect hint of sweetness.,This was an enjoyable cigar. I like the perfect touch of sweetness in the tip. It had an even burn and great flavor.
Asylum Insidious Maduro,1 out of 5,Asylum Insidious Maduro,"I've had Asylums I really liked, but a white owl with a plastic mouth piece
would have been better."
Asylum Insidious Maduro,5 out of 5,Great (and I mean great) daily cigar,"A very interesting cigar. Rich flavors including cocoa and light spice. A slightly sweetened tip that is pleasant but doesn't interfere. Consistently excellent construction, draw and burn (I'm on about my 8th box now). I give them two weeks in the humidor and they're hot to go. The quality, taste and reasonable price gets this one 5 stars."
Asylum Insidious Maduro,5 out of 5,great cigar for the money,great cigar for the money
Asylum Insidious Maduro,4 out of 5,overall a good deal,"not moist enough, the humidor will fix that. The sweetness on the end did not last the entire stick but overall it was worth the price. I prefer a more full flavor. if you like is mild, you would like this one"
Asylum Insidious Maduro,4 out of 5,pretty good!,light bodied maduro good flavor. cap slightly flavoured. I enjoyed it.
Asylum Insidious Maduro,5 out of 5,Incidious Maduro,Great everyday cigar.
Asylum Insidious Maduro,5 out of 5,Great,"Awesome Cigar has a sweet type wrapper, great smoke great taste all around inexpensive everyday Cigar."
Asylum Nyctophilia,5 out of 5,Favorite cigar,Favorite cigar
Asylum Nyctophilia,5 out of 5,My new go to,"My new go to stick. For me, this fits everything I look for in a good cigar. The construction is great, burn was spot on, and the flavors lasted all the way through. Nice pepper that stays with you throughout the entire time. I've noticed this has been my go-to cigar for the past few months. You will not be disappointed."
Asylum Nyctophilia,4 out of 5,The Dark Is Fantastic,"A great dark flavor of wood, coffee and spice. Love the gordo size!"
Asylum Nyctophilia,5 out of 5,great smoke,great smoke
Asylum Straight Jacket,5 out of 5,RSN,Just had my first stick. One of the most enjoyable ones i have had in a while! Nice burn and flavor! Will buy again.
Asylum Straight Jacket,5 out of 5,Straight jacket!!!,This thing had me pinned to the chair! So freaking good! Definitely recommended!
Asylum Straight Jacket,5 out of 5,awesome smoke,This is probably one of the best cigars I've ever had. I will definitely buy more.
Asylum Straight Jacket,5 out of 5,Wish come true,Great cigar always wanted to try one now I have thanks
Asylum Straight Jacket,5 out of 5,Awesome cigar!,Just an all around great cigar!! Smooth draw and plenty of smoke. My go to cigar when I stop for a break on my motorcycle.
Asylum Straight Jacket,5 out of 5,Perfection with a single malt,"A wonderful full flavored cigar, flavor lasts from beginning to end. Excellent width, compliments an 14 y/o single malt to perfection."
Asylum Straight Jacket,5 out of 5,Asylum Straight Jacket,The flavor of this stick is incredible. Nutty and smooth and delicious !
Avanti,5 out of 5,Tasty,Tasty
Avanti,5 out of 5,Very tasty,Very tasty
Avanti,5 out of 5,Big little cigar,"perfect for when I don't have time for a long smoke, great flavor and the ladies love the way they smell!"
Avanti,5 out of 5,QUICK DELIVERY,QUICK DELIVERY
Avanti,4 out of 5,Quality everyday cigar.,Quality everyday cigar.
Avanti,5 out of 5,"Great little cigar, taste is","Great little cigar, taste is great."
Avanti,4 out of 5,Aswesome smoke,"Great little cigar, smooth and smoked cool as well. Great licorice taste. Definite buy again"
Avanti,5 out of 5,Very good for a quick,Very good for a quick enjoyable smoke
Avanti,5 out of 5,very good for the price,very good for the price
Avanti,3 out of 5,Get past the initial stench & they're not bad!,"As soon as you get these, remove them from their wrappers and get 'em in your humidor!
The initial smell may nauseate you but give them time to mellow. They're really not bad, similar to Bandidos mild & sweet, my go to backyard cigar."
Avanti,5 out of 5,Nose turned up and tastebuds sent soaring!! Yahtzee!! Unexpectedly Great smoke!!,Purchased a 50 box thinking that if I liked black licorice I’d def have to give these a try. Upon receiving them found the open box odor especially not tantalizing even kind of strange on the nose like a wild animal had been let out of its cage🦍🧦. I was thinking that I just made a mistake and was ready to write these little sticks off at first scent. But was about to head off to work and decided to light one up.....for the drive and expected to toss it before approaching the first block from the house. But to my amazement glory!!!! 😁 first taste was totally worth the roll of the dice! Wow very great on the pallet! Tastes just like black licorice with a hint of menthol mint leaving the mouth feeling cool and very fresh👌🏽🤷🏻‍♂️🔥🔥. I was very surprised and this made me happy! Remember not to judge a book by its cover or smell ha! I will be enjoying these weekly I’m sure if not biweekly!! Very cool and pleasant tasty smoke!!
Avanti,3 out of 5,avanti box,"I ve been smoking these for years, really like them but the last couple deliveries had quite a few cracked cigars which was frustrating and disappointing but for that I would have given them five stars, thankyou LAN."
Avanti,5 out of 5,Nice little cigar.,"Maybe a true aficionado might not care for them, but for a quick everyday cigar, they’re great."
Avanti,5 out of 5,Avanti,Best deal for these great short smokes.
Avanti,5 out of 5,keeps da skitters away,my fishish gar awesome
Avanti,5 out of 5,Good smoking,Good smoking
Avanti,5 out of 5,Avanti,great little cigar
Avanti,5 out of 5,Delight,Extremely good tasting cigar for the time spent.
Avanti,4 out of 5,Very good cigars!,Very good cigars!
Avanti,5 out of 5,Love the Avanti good price,Love the Avanti good price
Avanti,4 out of 5,avanti,good smoke could be better made
Avanti,4 out of 5,As advertised...,As advertised...
Avanti,5 out of 5,"Needed like a ""hammer"" in a toolbox","...fantastic licorice-flavored smoke...delicious if you enjoy sweet change-up!!! Every cigar enthusiast must have in rotation and quick smoke, like a hammer in to a tool box. ...a ""must-have"" on hand! For me...though, I do think these little buggars are rolled too tightly...for many have ""hard draw, but no biggie"""
Avanti,5 out of 5,Good as advertised,Good as advertised
Avanti,4 out of 5,Black liquorich,"If you like black liquorich, this tasty little smoke is for you!"
Avanti,5 out of 5,perfect size and great smell,my husband loves these cigars and so do I because they smell so good and he likes the smaller size sometimes for a change
Avanti,4 out of 5,I'll wait for the price to come down.,"One of my faves, but the price went up 25%. I'll wait..."
Avanti,4 out of 5,Avanti Vanilla,Not bad at all.
Avanti,5 out of 5,Smoked them for years and,Smoked them for years and always liked them
Avanti,5 out of 5,Avanti,"They are great, love the flavor. Smoke them while driving for work. Also love Gurka cigars, but not while I'm driving, not enough time to enjoy ."
Avanti,5 out of 5,"Subtle Infusion, Maximum Enjoyment","If you're not into super-sweet infused sticks, don't be turned off by the ""Vanilla"" in the title. Despite the addition of some flavor, it's a good vanilla, a pure vanilla, more akin to vanilla extract. It's not a candyesque or fake vanilla. It's not overly sweet but adds a wonderful taste and scent. In terms of quality, I maybe had a small issue with one or two sticks in the entire box. But Avanti is good with quality and generally very consistent. They are the brand to get if you're looking for smaller smokes. Pull the trigger on these; they're fantastic!"
Avanti,1 out of 5,avanti review,I been smokin these cigars a while and lately they been very bad they are so dried out that they brake apart
Avanti,3 out of 5,Cigars were hard an dry,Was disappointed with purchase. Too dry hard to smoke
Avanti,5 out of 5,Always like them.,Always like them.
Avanti,3 out of 5,Avanti,The box u sent wasn't all anisette.Some cigars didn't draw well.I am not impressed.
Avanti,5 out of 5,Avanti,"Wonderful as a cigar smoker i can appreciate a good quick smoke to tide me over until my next cigar. Thanks for having them available, the flavors not bad either."
Avanti,5 out of 5,They are great!,They are great!
Avanti,4 out of 5,Avanti Box Singles,"Quality control in the manufacturing process has slipped over the years.
Littles holes in the outer wrapper allows them to burn unevenly. This never used to be the norm with these cigars, but it is now and has been a problem for some time."
Avanti,4 out of 5,Avant,Great little cigar after dinner with nice cold drink
Avanti,5 out of 5,Favorite smoke,My husband loves these cigars for a relaxing smoke and I enjoy the smell.
Avanti,5 out of 5,Avanti,"Always pleasant smoke, very happy with my purchase, sometimes Cigars have cracks and holes"
Avanti,5 out of 5,This is a great tasting cigar.,"Tastes good, smells good, mild."
Avanti,5 out of 5,Long Time User,"I smoke different cigars, but for a refreshing change, the Avanti is one of the best. It has a great flavor, but it will get you a little high from the Liqueur in them. Still one of my best smokes."
Avanti,5 out of 5,Vanilla Avanti Cigars,"Good little cigars, great taste, stay lit while you are active, and individually wrapped for freshness."
Avanti,5 out of 5,A anti in box better,A anti in box better than the loose ones
Avanti,5 out of 5,Beautiful aroma with a great deal.,"I've been buying Avanti anisette cigars for quite some time now and this is the best deal for them. Even the misses likes the aroma and hates other cigar smoke, like most people do. A little tough keeping them lit but a nice, quick smoke. I like to compare the looks of them to Clint Eastwood's stogie's in the spaghetti western movies of the 60's.
Shipped right to your door. Can't get better than that. ENJOY!"
Avanti,5 out of 5,Love these little things!,"Most little cigars don't last more than 20 minutes or so (my experience). These are real cigars that last considerably longer and maintain real flavor, apparently because of the choice of tobaccos and simple hand-rolled design. If you don't like the scent of anise, don't by these. I don't recommend you put them in a humidor with your other premiums - the scent from these are bound to overwhelm them!"
Avanti,5 out of 5,Great quick smoke,Great quick smoke
Avanti,5 out of 5,After dinner cigar,The Avanti is my all-time favorite after dinner cigar it’s full of flavor and well-made at a great price.
Avanti,5 out of 5,Avanti,"Been smoking these anisett (licorice) flavored cigars for years.
Enjoy them when you don't have time for a full toro."
Avanti Ramrod,5 out of 5,Good smoking cigar,Good smoking cigar
Avanti Ramrod,5 out of 5,Great Reasonably Priced Everyday Cigar,I have been smoking these Ramrod’s off and on since 1974. I wouldn’t stick with them if they weren’t good!
Avanti Ramrod,5 out of 5,Ramrod,Best I have had recently. CI have the freshest! Buy here!
Avanti Ramrod,4 out of 5,Ram Rod,Great everyday smoke
Avanti Ramrod,4 out of 5,Great flavor good smoke sometimes,Great flavor good smoke sometimes rolled a little tight but nothing that's a deal breaker
Avanti Ramrod,5 out of 5,Best smoke for the best price,"These cigars are awesome, I love the flavor."
Avanti Ramrod,4 out of 5,Tasty cheroot,"Bought these to tide me over until banditos come back into stock. Much tighter rolled with almost a menthol aspect. Good little smoke for fishing, light chores around the yard, etc."
Avanti Ramrod,5 out of 5,Cheroots,Good cigar I miss the Swisher Outlaws before they repackaged and resized them
Avanti Ramrod,5 out of 5,Ramrod Deputy,"The ones I bought recently were great, what a difference from the last ones I bought. I will buy them again and hopefully they will be as good as the last ones I bought!"
Avanti Ramrod,5 out of 5,Ram Rod Kings,"I can't say enough great things about these cigars. They are flavorful, mild, do not burn too fast or too slow and are perfect for daily breaks or if stuck in traffic. In the beginning I was partial to the Parodi Kings, but once I've discovered the RoamRod, nothing else will do. Flavor is just right. Highly recommend them to anyone who needs a fantastic cigar at a great price point."
Avanti Ramrod,5 out of 5,Avanti ramrod,Great little smoke I cut them down to whatever size I want 10 minutes smoke 15 minutes nice aroma
Avanti Ramrod,5 out of 5,Ramrods,Fast service and as described. 5 Stars!
Avanti Ramrod,5 out of 5,Ramrods,"They are a great, very good conversational smoke."
Avanti Ramrod,3 out of 5,Don't taste like bourbon to this Kentucky kid,"--> Brian H, to me they tasted like bubble gum. Big disappointment as I'm a bourbon-loving Kentuckian. I prefer the anisette flavor."
Avanti Ramrod,5 out of 5,"My Favorite ""Every Day"" Cigar for 44 Years","I have been smoking these since 1974 when I discovered them at a truck stop in Breezewood PA! They came in and out of my life as I moved around the county and I was able to find them. I recall there was a tobacco shop on King Street in Old Town Alexandria that I frequented in the 80's that use to take the RamRods out of the packaging and put them in a fancy box in their humidor, call them ""Virginia Cheroot"" and charged 5 times as much for them... . Anyway, I found them at a shop in Steubenville Ohio a few years ago and they became my everyday cigar. When I started doing work during the week in Tunkhannock PA I decided to look them up on the internet when I ran out of my stash and discovered to my pleasant surprise that the Avanti factory was in Scranton PA - 30 minutes away.... Yipee! I started buying them from the factory until I went back to Steubenville. Then I looked around the internet and found that the best price was on Cigars International. I have good luck ordering a couple of boxes every few months and only once can I recall they were out of stock. Give them a try - you won't be disappointed. I smoke them regularly when working in the used bookstore my wife and I own in Downtown Steubenville (BookMarx Bookstore) and I get a lot of comments from folks who comment on the good aroma!"
Avanti Ramrod,5 out of 5,Best Smoke Ever,Excellent
Avanti Ramrod,5 out of 5,I have been smoking Avanti Brands for over 20 Years This Is My Favorite.,I enjoy the rich flavor of this cigar. It reminds me of dark tobacco leaf cigars.
Avanti Ramrod,5 out of 5,Awesome smokes!!!,"I order these every year for my annual week long fishing trip and they never fail me. Good smokes for things like fishing or sitting on your front porch after a long day at work. Only thing is I don’t know how to keep them moist, as the bourbon in the cigars do tend to evaporate quickly"
Avanti Ramrod,5 out of 5,OK Cigar,These are great for having a short smoke.
Avanti Ramrod,5 out of 5,Good Cigar,Best dry cured cigar. Smoked them for many years. Flavored with bourbon.
Avanti Ramrod,5 out of 5,Nice tasty small cigar,"These cigars can be a bit strong to some folks, but they do have a good flavor. they smoke slow for a small thin cigar. I like them best when working outside or enjoying the outdoors."
Avanti Ramrod,5 out of 5,Far from what they used to be,"Last nought these 2 years ago. In that time, this cigar has gone the way so many others have in order to maintain a price point. While the price has gone up only slightly, the cigar has also dropped in quality and build equally. To start, ring gauge now fluctuates wildly at the same time less tobacco appears to be used per cigar. Soft rolls, quality control in general has crossed off another cigar off the list for me. I can understand price increases, but I can't abide by manufacturers cheapening the product in content and quality in order to maximize profits. Sadly this seems to have happened years ago to another popular brand as well and likely many others I haven't smoked. Either way, no more parodi for me."
Avanti Ramrod,5 out of 5,Loved these for decades!,"I have been burning these babies down for decades! When you pry open the box for the first time, the aroma is intoxicating, pardon the pun. It is a wonderful bourbon whiff, not bubble gum, as some have stated. Also, one reviewer mentioned them being hard to draw and put them in a humidor.....big mistake! These are DRY CURED cigars! They are not meant to be humidified. You can keep them in your fridge, but NOT in your humidor. Of course they will plump up when humidified and make them impossible to smoke. Give them another try and keep them out of your humidor, please!"
Avanti Ramrod,5 out of 5,they are the best rough,they are the best rough rolled cigar I have smoked.
Avanti Ramrod,5 out of 5,LOVE MY RAMRODS,WAS SO HAPPY TO FIND THEM AND FOR A GREAT PRICE
Avanti Ramrod,4 out of 5,A cigar that will wake you up in the morning.Strong and Tasty,"while these cigars may be a bit too strong for many folks they have a tremendous flavor and are tightly wrapped for a slow smoke. These are my go to cigar for when I am in the shop or working outside on a project. Or the perfect cigar to go with a beer while cooking out on the grill.
GRIZZ"
Avanti Ramrod,5 out of 5,"Easy, Fast and Economical",I have put 4 or 5 orders in over the past year and each one has been delivered quickly with frech cigars. No complaints here!
Avanti Ramrod,2 out of 5,"Great tobacco, poor draw","These are great cigars--when you get one that draws. They are very tightly rolled, so if you put them in a humidor, they will swell shut. Nipping off the foot and drawing from the head fixes the problem sometimes. The generous length does mean you have room to experiment. But I don't think I'd order again."
Avanti Ramrod,5 out of 5,could not be easier,could not be easier
Avanti Ramrod,5 out of 5,I love Ramrod,I guess I am not the most cigar savvy person but I love Ramrods and all the Aventi cigars I have tried. The only draw back being the cigars sometimes burn funny. I love the flavor!
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,Lovely Cigar,Must try at this price! Well constructed and just a beauty of a cigar.
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,ave maria,Thought I'd give them a try. Too strong for me.
Ave Maria,4 out of 5,Solid choice,"Burned consistently with good flavor. Some splitting under the label, but that could've been me. Overall I would enjoy these again."
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,To strong for me,To strong for me
Ave Maria,4 out of 5,Smooth stick,"Very open draw, even burn and does not get hot until you are down to the clip. Only negative is burns eveny, but quickly. Typical smooth Ave"
Ave Maria,3 out of 5,Good smoke . A good,Good smoke . A good go to cigar .
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,Excellent Mild Flavor ENJOY!!!,Excellent Mild Flavor ENJOY!!!
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,Great selection of sticks,Great selection of sticks
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,Knights Templar,A nice smoke.
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,Ave Maria,A very nice smoke.
Ave Maria,4 out of 5,Lovely cigar,Lovely cigar
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,A great smokes,A great smokes
Ave Maria,4 out of 5,Nice cigar with a good,Nice cigar with a good burn
Ave Maria,4 out of 5,Not to bad,Not to bad
Ave Maria,4 out of 5,Very Good,A good cigar. Would buy again.
Ave Maria,4 out of 5,Nice smooth smoke that won't,Nice smooth smoke that won't break the bank
Ave Maria,4 out of 5,I’m not an expert. I,"I’m not an expert. I purchase my cigar when their on sale
I do like the taste of them, but they go soft whiling smoking making the end collapse."
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,Nice cigar,"good construction, nice draw."
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,A favorite -good quality & taste & construction.
Ave Maria,4 out of 5,A very nice smoke,A very nice smoke
Ave Maria,4 out of 5,Review,"Nice smoke! Good flavor, smooth taste."
Ave Maria,4 out of 5,Punch AD & Ave Maria KT,"I enjoy a maduro cigar because of the flavor and the Punch After Dinner brings it and I rarely have a problem with how it burns. Its also a good price for the quality and size.
I smoke the Ave Maria Knights Templar as a change of pace and when I want something a little lighter, but not too much lighter, than my standard Punch maduro. It is a very smooth smoking cigar and burns well."
Ave Maria,4 out of 5,Satisfying,Satisfying
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,AJ Fernandez has become my,AJ Fernandez has become my favorite cigar. The whole AJ Fernandez collection
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,AJ never misses. Can't go,AJ never misses. Can't go wrong with any of his cigars.
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,Good Smoke,Good Smoke
Ave Maria,4 out of 5,Soft and pleasant cigar,Soft and pleasant cigar
Ave Maria,4 out of 5,Very nice,Smooth and subtle with a heavy tone and easy smoking
Ave Maria,4 out of 5,Thumbs up,Thumbs up
Ave Maria,4 out of 5,Nice smoke,Nice smoke
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,Good deal,Great smokes- great price
Ave Maria,4 out of 5,Strong flavor and cool long,Strong flavor and cool long pulls of smoke
Ave Maria,4 out of 5,Good medium bodied cigars,Good flavor and easy draw
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,Winner,"Well constructed, easy draw, plenty of smoke and great flavor."
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,Unique,"Robust & Spicy, a fantastic smoke!"
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,Awesome,Awesome
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,Smokes,Awesome smokes!
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,Great,"Had one right out of the package and wasn’t impressed, too light, lacked flavor. Ten or so days later had another and it was the complete opposite experience. I was amazed at how awesome these are. Gave one to my buddy and he loves them too. Overall a great medium bodied feeling smoke with a great aroma and taste... just make sure they age a bit in your humidor first!! I will definitely be exploring this brand more."
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,Nice,Nice
Ave Maria,4 out of 5,"They are ok, not tight","They are ok, not tight"
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,Delicious.. smooth..,Delicious.. smooth..
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,Mellow cigar,"Nice mellow cigar, excellent draw, and great taste."
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,Smooth cigars enjoyed everyone of,Smooth cigars enjoyed everyone of them
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,Ave Maria Crusaders,Excellent Cigars
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,Another great cigar from Ave!,Another great cigar from Ave!
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,Little known hit..,One of my favorites.
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,One of my favorite everyday,One of my favorite everyday smokes.
Ave Maria,4 out of 5,Like the song,"Good flavor, consistent burn, medium to full"
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,Good smoke. Always been a,Good smoke. Always been a fan of Ava Marias. Only down fall is that I got the short sticks instead of the long sticks! Highly recommend. Recommend the sample pack of 5 ava Maria and 5 Gurkha beauty. Two of my fav cigars
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,"smooth, creamy","smooth, creamy"
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Great flavor!,Great flavor!
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Ave Maria Argentum,"Daily mainstay, works for me."
Ave Maria Argentum,4 out of 5,Smooth and flavorful,Smooth and flavorful
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,I really enjoyed this cigar,I really enjoyed this cigar would buy again
Ave Maria Argentum,4 out of 5,Good smoke.,Tad spicy on light. Mellows into toasty cocoa. Very pleasant finish
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,I love these and the price is right!!
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Great cigar! CI is still,Great cigar! CI is still the best value and the best in customer service.
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Awesome cigar,"Another great Ave Maria from AJ Fernandez. Great smoke , medium with a phenomenal finish. Highly recommend."
Ave Maria Argentum,4 out of 5,"Good smoker, easy draw and","Good smoker, easy draw and even burn. A great cigar at a great price."
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,"Excellent cigar ,easy draw,the only mistake I made should have gotten them longer,very enjoyable!"
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Awesome,Awesome
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Never disappointed with this choice.,Never disappointed with this choice.
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,"One of my all time favorites, a truly enjoyable smoke !!",One of my all time favorites. Just a truly enjoyable cigar !!!
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Awesome Cigar! cool looking as well!,"Really great smoke, goes really nice with a good German Bavarian Beer. The Templar Knight on the cigar band just looks cool!"
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Heavy duty Maduro,"Maduri Powerhouse.. it’s rare that a Maduro punches me in the mouth with flavor, but these are a serious smoke. Great looking stick, excellent draw and construction. Will buy again."
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,A Reliable Choice,"Good, strong flavor that remained consistent until the end."
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Would Get Again,"Nothing bad to say about these. Good flavor from start to end. Excellent construction that's easy to smoke with long ashes. I accidentally ordered 10 of these, but what a happy accident it was!"
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Awesome,"Love this cigar! Draws a little tight starting off,but opens up once you get past the foot. After that, you’re in for an hour of tasty goodness. Highly recommended!"
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,This stay's in my rotation,"Slow burning , smooth taste , one of my favorites"
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,skydive in to this one,yippy kai yay this is as good as it gets
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,meaty chew toy,"This was a hearty slow burning cigar with a crisp ash. For those that like to chew on their cigar as they smoke, it was meaty and flavorful. Paired with a cup of coffee I enjoyed the flavor profile down to the nub."
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Lovely Cigar!!,"I truly enjoy this cigar. I tend to prefer the Morning Star (Perfecto) shape and it provides a VERY SMOOTH smoke with a medium-to-medium-full body--closer to medium than medium-full. The taste is slightly sweet with almost no bitterness whatsoever (a real plus)!! I get the flavors of charred wood, dark coffee, and a hint of spice--and the smoke aroma is quite pleasant. There is an aftertaste that I cannot specifically define (a bit herbal) that I also find quite interesting. Not necessarily the best cigar I've ever smoked, but it's still a ""Lovely Cigar""!"
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Ave Maria Argentum,"Excellent smoke, perfect Maduro. One of my favorites when I can get them at a reasonable price."
Ave Maria Argentum,4 out of 5,Surprisingly Good.,"This cigar is very good. I got it in a sampler and I wasn't sure of what I was purchasing because I had never smoked one of these before. After I lit it, it started kind of spicy and strong, but after 5 minutes it got smooth and nice. Love it and I'll buy it again."
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,outstanding smoke!,outstanding smoke!
Ave Maria Argentum,4 out of 5,BOOM,"This is a great looking ""Stick"", beautiful Maduro wrapper. Excellent cold draw, hints of sweetness and barnyard. Great draw and combustion all through out. Highly recommended!!!"
Ave Maria Argentum,4 out of 5,Yummy,Great cigar well worth the price!!
Ave Maria Argentum,4 out of 5,Great experience,"Beautiful appearance and construction, oily looking Maduro wrapper. Cold draw notes of fruits and camphor (lightly). Good draw with a better combustion, burnt and smoke outtake was outstanding. Nice transition, flavors from wood, spices and a touch sweet..."
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Great price,"One of my favorite smokes smooth an tasty,great after work smoke ,Gene B."
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Ave Maria argentum,"Great flavor, smoked nice . Would recommend to others. Thanks for the deal."
Ave Maria Argentum,4 out of 5,Flawless construction,"I got a free 10 pack box of Argentum Morning star with the Ave Maria top 10 sampler. I’m just not getting to the last 5 6 months later and I have had no issues what so ever with any part of the cigar, construction or performance. The flavors are not in my preferred wheel house, but the cigar is excellent. A taste of dried leafs at the initial light, but it quickly fades into a chocolatey oak flavor, profile is pretty consistent til the nub. A few additions along the way. But if you like the darker tastes and rich smoke then this is a prefect smoke to try."
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,I am not a big,I am not a big maduro fan I find many have a strong and hardy taste profile that a don't prefer. I like this one. I find it be smooth and medium strength. If I am asked to recommend a maduro it's Ave Maria Argentum or Brick house maduro.
Ave Maria Argentum,4 out of 5,Great taste,Great tasting smooth taste all the way down would buy again
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Outstanding,Outstanding
Ave Maria Argentum,4 out of 5,Ave Maria Argentum Robusto is,"Ave Maria Argentum Robusto is nice, easy draw"
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Ave Maria,This is a top quality smoke and at the top of AJ Fernandez Man O' War
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Ava maria,Packaged perfectly
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,just starting to smoke and,just starting to smoke and all the ones that I have order are so great thank you
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Amazing Smoke,"AJ Fernandez is truly a gifted genius in his trade. The texture, the complexity, the taste, the burn is of the Ave Maria amazing. Truly priceless."
Ave Maria Argentum,4 out of 5,Every Day,Quality smoke. My wrappers were really dry when I got them but I was able to hyper hydrate them in the humidor. A very nice smoke for a weekday.
Ave Maria Argentum,4 out of 5,Nice,Nice
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Cool,This was a cool smoke
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Ave Maria,"Excellent cigar, I will be buying more."
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,VERY SMOOTH GREAT BURN,VERY SMOOTH GREAT BURN
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Brilliant cigar,Plenty of flavor. Just gets better as it goes
Ave Maria Argentum,4 out of 5,Juicy,Juicy
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Full flavor. Quick delivery just,Full flavor. Quick delivery just as promised.
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Great taste and good burn.,Great taste and good burn. A great end of the day cigar!
Ave Maria Dark Knight,5 out of 5,Best Ave Maria yet!,"Fantastic cigar. The wrapper has a leathery feel similar to Padron. Very smooth and tasty from the first draw all the way down to the nub. I will say that I had to relight a couple of times and the draw was tight at the beginning, but it opened up nicely and the taste trumped any of these minor issues. I'm not good at describing flavor notes but I will agree with those who taste chocolate and coffee. All I know is that I liked it a lot."
Ave Maria Dark Knight,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar!,"Another winner from A. J.! Tremendous flavors, balance, construction, and draw with a near perfect burn. CANNOT PUT IT DOWN!"
Ave Maria Dark Knight,5 out of 5,Fantastic new blend that lives up to the name Ave Maria.,"I didn't know if Ave Maria was capable of outdoing their Reconquista and argentum blends, but I think they might have just succeeded. If not surpassed, The Dark Knight is definitely one of the best.
The construction is fantastic, the draw is consistent between sticks in that it is smooth and reliable, the burn is great, and the flavors ... oh boy, the flavors.
I have found that it is rich with dark chocolate, caramel, a few notes of nuttiness, and a hint of leather and coffee.
Fantastic new stick. I will buy again.
Also hoping they end up making these things in a gordo."
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,GOOD,GOOD
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Unbelievable,Unbelievable
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Divinia,Aways a delightful experience
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Smooth,Just Right
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,My new favorite. Replaces the,My new favorite. Replaces the Aging Room F55 Quattro which you can no longer find out there
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar!,Excellent cigar!
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,A Real Treat,"Though Graycliff 30 year vintage is my preferred brand, these Ave Marias are truly an excellent smoke, even burning and very flavorful down to the stub. Frankly, the fancy double box presentation makes them seem very special and may well influence my response to their taste. It's certainly an impressive way to treat a friend for a special occasion. Highly recommended."
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Great Smokes,A smooth & even burn in every draw.
Ave Maria Divinia,4 out of 5,Good,Good but stronger than I expected
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Fantastic cigar,"A smooth, perfect cigar!"
Ave Maria Divinia,4 out of 5,Thumbs up,"I’ve come to have high expectations of the Ava Maria lines. This one does not disappoint at all. Very smooth with lovely subtle flavors throughout the smoke. Light and enjoyable. I gave 3 away and smoked 2 for myself. A small note, I only give away a cigar if I would recommend it. This one is no exception.
I would highly recommend this for any enthusiast to try at least once. The only reason I give it 4/5 is I have had better at the same price or lower. It is good for sure but not on my top list."
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Great Stciks,These are good AF!
Ave Maria Divinia,4 out of 5,Sweet woody cedar and a bit of cream,"Pre-Light
Warm tobacco/ with almond smell. Medium brown wrapper with a few vines showing. Easy draw, but no real taste coming thru.
First Third
First puff was bitter, and immediately move to a sweet woody flavor, maybe a slight note of cinnamon. The draw is perfect with lots of smoke.
Second Third
Still has the sweet woody cedar and a bit of cream. The burn is good and the ash is loose. You will not be winning any ash contest with this cigar. The flavor is good.
Last Third
Carry the same flavor all the way.
Final Thoughts
I would definitely smoke this cigar again. After the first few puffs the cigar really was very enjoyable."
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Tasty stick!,"One tasty stick! Easy draw, several flavors and a great burn. One of my favorite in my humidor."
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,"Smooth, even smoke right down","Smooth, even smoke right down to a nub. All good."
Ave Maria Divinia,4 out of 5,Great smoke. Hold together well,Great smoke. Hold together well burns evenly. Perfect for a fall day.
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,very nice and tasty cigar,very nice and tasty cigar good from start to finish with no surprise at the end one of my favorites
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Top 5 in my list,Got 2 of these in a sampler pk. wow what can I say.. One of my favorite brands to add to my list .. Nother thing i like about sampler pk is you get to test so many brands with out breaking the bank ..
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Stupendous Flavor with a Fantastic Burn.,"Everytime I went to order this Cigar it was always sold out, I was finally able to get The Ave Maria Divinia and I can not tell you how satisfying this Stogie was, The flavor was mild and left an awesome aroma in the room, it tasted fresh amd flavorful all the way to the nub. Ive smoked a lot of cigars where the burn was lopsided but I have smoked 4 of the Divinia's so far and the burn has been even every time. This is hands down one of the best if not the best Cigar I have smoked over the years. I would recommend that every body needs to try it."
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Shockingly Smooth,Unusually smooth for a cigar like this.
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Awesome Cigar,"One of the best sticks I've ever smoked. Even burn, loads of silky smooth smoke. Flavors just keep coming right to the nub."
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,cigar review,Excellent smoking cigar
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Ave Maria Divinia,"Fantastic smoke, beautiful construction (flawless) Perfect draw and burn. I enjoyed it even more than the Reconquista."
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Ave Maria Divinia,"Possibly the best smoke I have had in a long time. Thank you .. well balanced with a great draw..a little sweetness, rich, but not overpowering. Divinia has an even burn and you can keep it a cool burn. A cigar at peace."
Ave Maria Divinia,4 out of 5,Excellent cigars,One of my favorite sticks. Awesome flavor and flawless burn.
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Great Light Smoke,"This is a smooth, light smoke."
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,GREAT CIGARS!!!!GREAT COMPANY!!!!,"I can't be more happy with these wonderful cigars and at a Great Price.
Thank you Cigars International you are my only source for Cigars."
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Divinia Divine!!,Extremely enjoyable stick. I have bought these several times. A great medium smoke.
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Extremely smooth stick,This is the smoothest stick I have smoked. An instant favorite of mine.
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Waooo,"Lleno todas mis expectativas , muy bueno"
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Wonderful Smoke,"I don’t spend serious money unless the cigar has earned that right. In this case the only way was to try it once and see if it made the cut. I was blown away with this smoke, VERY smooth, ample smoke and great little notes just kept popping up making my satisfaction complete. This is a great smoke, certainly not every day, but I put a few up for when that craving strikes me. Recommend a definite try."
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Would purchase this package again.,Never had these before. Really liked them. Good flavor and a damn good smoke!
Ave Maria Divinia,4 out of 5,For something I never tried,"For something I never tried before,it was good for an afternoon session or with coffee in the morning. Smoked pretty good."
Ave Maria Divinia,4 out of 5,"Smooth, slow , even burn","Smooth, slow , even burn throughout.... a great smoke to sit back and relax to in your favorite lounge chair !"
Ave Maria Divinia,3 out of 5,Okay cigar.,Okay cigar.
Ave Maria Divinia,3 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Ave Maria Divinia,4 out of 5,SOLID,Overall a very enjoyable smoke. The wrap/press is a bit loose and results in frequent ashing. Otherwise very good.
Ave Maria Divinia,3 out of 5,Ave Maria,Not a bad smoke have had these before wouldn't mind smoking them but for the price there's other smokes that are equivalent or better with a lower price
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Good,Good
Ave Maria Divinia,4 out of 5,Enjoyable,Had pretty good flavor. I would buy again if the price was right.
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,"Smooth, great draw. Simply delicious","Smooth, great draw. Simply delicious"
Ave Maria Divinia,4 out of 5,not bad,not bad
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Great great cigar,"Smooth, full of flavor with tremendous balance."
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Great sticks,Pretty good stick with great flavor and draw.
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Great cigars,Great cigars
Ave Maria Divinia,4 out of 5,One bad one,"One cigar had issues with the wrapper, only reason for the decreased rating."
Ave Maria Divinia,4 out of 5,Ave Maria Divinia,"Smooth, mello. Very good for casual cigar smoker."
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Would buy,Wonderful taste. Light surprise
Ave Maria Immaculata,4 out of 5,I liked them,I liked them
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Great smoke,A high quality cigar at a very reasonable cost
Ave Maria Immaculata,4 out of 5,Burned very well,Burned very well
Ave Maria Immaculata,4 out of 5,Very good light balance smooth,Very good light balance smooth
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Very mild and delicious cigar,Very mild and delicious cigar
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Love the spiciest,Love the spiciest
Ave Maria Immaculata,4 out of 5,"exciting, and at times surprisingly","exciting, and at times surprisingly good taste."
Ave Maria Immaculata,4 out of 5,"To draw , good burn,","To draw , good burn, good taste"
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Great smoke. Nice and smooth,Great smoke. Nice and smooth with good even butn
Ave Maria Immaculata,4 out of 5,Take with water,Spicier than I would have guessed. Solid smoke.
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,A new favorite,It burns faster than other cigars with an even ash throughout. Its good for a quicker smoke with good flavor and I ended up smoking it down very short.
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Shade king,"Beautiful smoky shade cigar. These hefty cigars give you a great volume of tasty, mild smoke. Very enjoyable."
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Smooth from start to finish,Smooth from start to finish
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,happy,good cigar draws very smooth and consistent
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Solid Cigar,"Very fine cigar. Excellent burn, easy draw. Perfect mild to medium cigar. Would recommend."
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Perfect gift and deal. Got,Perfect gift and deal. Got everything no problems!
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Consistent burn and very smooth.,AM Immaculata a great find and now my solid goto for my customers.
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,An awesome stick would get again in a heartbeat.
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,awesome smoke,awesome smoke
Ave Maria Immaculata,4 out of 5,A very good cigar,"Was a good mild and mellow cigar.Not to strong. This cigar has good flavors. A good cigar to help a beginner understand basics. Also makes a good cigar, as a gift for someone.."
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Ave Maria,"One of the smoothest, tastiest smokes ever."
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Exquisite,"Having accepted the fact all cigars taste pretty much the same (to me), it's rare I happen upon a smoke I appreciate as really-really good. The Ave Maria Immaculate is one such a cigar."
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Awesome smoke. Smooth with good,Awesome smoke. Smooth with good taste
Ave Maria Immaculata,4 out of 5,very nice cigar,very nice cigar
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Great cigar. Need more specials,Great cigar. Need more specials
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,perfect cigars,"perfect cigars, very aromatic, this modul entry in my top 3."
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Awesome Cigar,Great cigar for the price.
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Ave Maria Immaculata Belicosa. Tried,"Ave Maria Immaculata Belicosa. Tried one for the first time and it hadn't had time to rest....Even burn, great taste, looking forward to the next one. Great stick for the price.."
Ave Maria Immaculata,4 out of 5,Ave Maria!,"Great construction, burn, and pack. It's a little spicy and then mellows a bit."
Ave Maria Immaculata,4 out of 5,they're good,they're good
Ave Maria Immaculata,4 out of 5,Nice,Spicy at first with white pepper and then mellows out a bit. Great construction and beautiful band.
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,excellent mellow cigar,A well balanced mellow cigar. Burns and draws well.Very good cigar for the price.
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Very smooth smoke.,Very smooth smoke.
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Very tasty stick,Very tasty stick
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,awesome smoke! very smooth &,awesome smoke! very smooth & burns even. You know you're smoking a quality cigar!!!
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Ava Maria Immaculata,Great smoke! Plan on purchasing more.
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Christmas cigars,Have not gotten in to this last order as they are a stocking stuffer for my husband but both brands have been a favorite in the past.
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Smooth and mild,Smooth and mild
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,I'm not a cigar reviewer,I'm not a cigar reviewer but I never met an Ave Maria I didn't like. A.J. certainly knows cigars
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Ave Maria,Great smoke all the way
Ave Maria Immaculata,4 out of 5,You gotta try these.,"Truly wonderful mild/medium cigar. Sadly, I finished the box, but I just got a 5 pack of the largest size. My favorite blend of all the Ave Maria offerings."
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,Without a doubt my favorite cigar
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Fantastic smoke,First time buyer for these. Was recommended by a buddy of mine. Fantastic smoke. Will be buying again
Ave Maria Immaculata,4 out of 5,Nice Mild Stick.,Nice light smoke with good construction. Notes of cedar and white pepper in the first third. Somewhat uneven burn at the start but self-corrected without a touch up. The second third has a slight fresh baked bread/raisan reduced peper taste and aroma. The last third presented a creamy reduced peper taste.
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Relaxing and Meditative Smoke,"Excellent smoke. Starts mild and a bit nutty, flowing through to a hair shy of medium with similarities to certain Macanudos I've had, minus the creamy texture and flavor. Highly enjoyable, great pull, no touch ups with an even burn. Many subtle sweet and mildly spicy nuanced notes taking place, with a mysterious flavor similar to that of the aroma of an ancient tome (in a good way!). I definitely recommend trying these!"
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Truly a pleasure from start,Truly a pleasure from start to finish.
Ave Maria Immaculata,4 out of 5,Nice cigar,"This is a very good tasting cigar, I feel its of medium body with a good draw, I use a V cut on mine, the cigar usually last me about 1.5 hrs
AJ Fernandez has another winner."
Ave Maria Immaculata,4 out of 5,Very good to excent cigar,Well made. Consistent one to another. Burns well. Stays lit. Taste abit bland.
Ave Maria Immaculata,4 out of 5,Well balanced cigar,Rate it 4.5 Nice cigar but not as good as the Divina
Ave Maria Immaculata,4 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Ave Maria Lionheart,4 out of 5,Not Bad But Expecting More.,"This is my first time out the gate with the Lionheart. On the cold draw I was immediately hit with sweet stone fruit flavors of apricot and peach. Presently I’m on the 1st 3rd and experiencing light pepper,cocoa and some cedar hints, it is quite tasty but not overpowering and not developing as much smoke as I had anticipated . My only real complaint is the wrapper seems very dry as it’s starting to peel and flake the entire length of this stick. To be fair, it may only be this one, I’ll know more on the next one."
Ave Maria Lionheart,5 out of 5,Very good smooth cigar,Very good smooth cigar
Ave Maria Lionheart,5 out of 5,Smooth,Great smoke from start to finish. Great flavor and perfect burn!
Ave Maria Lionheart,5 out of 5,Great stick,Great stick
Ave Maria Lionheart,5 out of 5,I like the shape b,I like the shape b but the smoke was average
Ave Maria Lionheart,4 out of 5,Another quality Ava Maria!,Another quality Ava Maria!
Ave Maria Lionheart,5 out of 5,Ave Maria Lionheart,"These AJ Fernandez’s cigars are an excellent smoke. Smooth, full of flavor, and burn nice and even all the way to the nub. I certainly recommend them!!!"
Ave Maria Lionheart,5 out of 5,Very good,I smoke 3 brands and this is the rotation..diesel..man o war and Ave Maria. Lionheart is a great..great cigar. Very enjoyable.
Ave Maria Lionheart,4 out of 5,Very happy with this cigar,Very happy with this cigar
Ave Maria Lionheart,5 out of 5,Ave!,Great addition to the Ave Maria portfolio. Wonderful flavors.
Ave Maria Lionheart,5 out of 5,excellent cigar -- great value,excellent cigar -- great value
Ave Maria Lionheart,4 out of 5,A really excellent smooth cigar!,A really excellent smooth cigar!
Ave Maria Lionheart,5 out of 5,EXCELLANT MEDIUM SMOKE!,JUST GREAT!
Ave Maria Lionheart,5 out of 5,Ave Maria Lionheart Earl,Ave Maria is always an excellent smoke for the money. I have bought many different sizes and series and they are always consistent and top quality construction.
Ave Maria Lionheart,5 out of 5,Great smoke,one of my go to favorites
Ave Maria Lionheart,5 out of 5,Great,Loved the flavors and taste. Very elegant
Ave Maria Lionheart,5 out of 5,Lionheart - Strong yet Smooth,"Very smooth, despite being on the darker end of the scale!!"
Ave Maria Lionheart,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,"Nicely wrapped, excellent flavor and a nice steady burn"
Ave Maria Lionheart,5 out of 5,A worthy comrade,"Excellent construction, good burn, a worthy addition to the line. Less spice and more cedar/earth than the original Ave"
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,great cigar,this one of my favorite cigars. it has a complex wonderful unique flavor. it's pricey but get it in samplers when available. try one you will love it
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Makes a great gift,I love these cigars. One evening I shared these with two of my best friends. They both loved them too. I bought several of these special boxes for gifts.
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Good taste!,Good taste!
Ave Maria Reconquista,4 out of 5,Nice smoke! Smooth and tasty,Nice smoke! Smooth and tasty
Ave Maria Reconquista,4 out of 5,Fancy Presentation,Liked this smoke of the first one I had. Another high end cigar only to be purchased when on sale. I did remove from all the packaging to place in humidor for a week or two before lighting up.
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Amazing smoke!,I love the Ave Maria Reconquista! It's a great smoke with lots of medium to full flavor. Will definitely order again!
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Great full flavor cigar,Great full flavor cigar
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Good smooth smoke,Good smooth smoke
Ave Maria Reconquista,4 out of 5,I had a great even,I had a great even burn. Great taste too
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Surprisingly mellow,"With such a dark wrapper, I assumed this stick would be harshly strong. I was wrong. I enjoyed it very much. Great cigar for the golf course."
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Awesome cigar,Awesome cigar
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Best deals great selection,Best deals great selection
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Excellent smokes.,Excellent smokes.
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Top notch,Top notch
Ave Maria Reconquista,4 out of 5,Nice full body smoke,Nice full body smoke
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Kickass stogie,Unbelievable cigar arrived in a 2ft long box beautifully packed we smoke this one time you will be blown away what are the best cigars of ever smoked Top Notch the brothers who are lovers of the leaf.
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,CI delivers the Best. Reconquista,CI delivers the Best. Reconquista is a fantastic cigar.
Ave Maria Reconquista,4 out of 5,I really enjoyed the cigar.,"I really enjoyed the cigar. Construction, draw and burn were exceptional. Flavor and complexity throughout the smoking experience."
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,top of the line,"Smooth burn,great flavor,worth every dime."
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,WOW!!!,What a surprise! Great price and what flavor. 18 hole cigar and consistent flavor and perfectly constructed. I want more!
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Exquisite,"These are my favorite line from Ave Maria. They are strong yet smooth, and they have a great draw. The Reconquista is on the pricey side but worth the price for the quality, especially from C.I."
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,"A Cigar that not only looks amazing, but smokes even better!","So I started off smoking cigars around 8 years ago...
Man how the time flies, anyway this cigar was one of my earlier favorites and I always love AJ Fernandez and Nicaraguan cigars were my go to. I also really loved the Warped Cigars and there lineup.
Recently the last year or so I have made the switch to Habanos, mainly Cohiba, Partagas and H. Upmann and they have changed my life.
Every so often I come back to Nicaraguans to cleanse my palate and save money lol.
This cigar still excites me every time, I have not had a bad one. If you smoke cigars daily sometime multiple 2-4 per day you know how rare that is.
It always has excellent construction, burn, aroma, taste, flavors and complete experience.
One of AJ’s true masterpieces!
I’m smiling one right now"
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,A very good cigar!,A very good cigar!
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Ave Maria Fan,The holidays are always a special time and Ave Maria cigars make the holidays even better. AJ knows how to blend a great cigar.
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Phenomenal!!!,Phenomenal!!!
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Reconquista,Well made cigar and very taste is gread
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Ave Marie Family,"Great smoke , excellent burn."
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Fine smoke,Great taste beautiful burn fantastic presentation. Did not disappoint. Happy!
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Beautiful and Fresh,The Cigars came in as expected and was FRESH! I gifted them to some brothers and they really enjoyed them. I got them at a GREAT price as well.
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"Smoked good, great taste"
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,What a smoke,"So good and well made, tastes like a much more expensive cigar, Great packaging, looks beautiful.
It’s somewhat on strong side."
Ave Maria Reconquista,4 out of 5,Online order,"Got these in perfect condition, great smokes not my favorite, but i would defintly buy these again if i could get them on sale again."
Ave Maria Reconquista,4 out of 5,Delicious . Enjoyable . Dark.,Delicious . Enjoyable . Dark.
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,One of my favorites great,One of my favorites great smooth smoke never disappoints
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Incredibly smooth!,Beautifully packaged for a smooth robust cigar. Would buy again.
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,By far my favorite,By far my favorite
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Excellent cigars,Fantastic way to get expensive high end cigars at an affordable price!
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,My number one go to,My number one go to cigar
Ave Maria Reconquista,4 out of 5,"Better, the second time around","Like the tittle implies, the is the second time trying La Reconquista, the first time wasn't good, it burned really bag. This time, thank God, was different, burn was excellent, draw was superb, combustion, outstanding. The rest, well it is a AJ baby, so aroma and taste were great. Still, in my humble opinion, a great cigar, if you can get them with out paying full price."
Ave Maria Reconquista,4 out of 5,"Great presentation, good to verygood cigar",Stayed smooth and full flavored until the nub.
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Crear cigar,"Smooth, favor tull, great construction"
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Ave Maria Reconquesta,This is another great stick by AJ FERNANDEZ. A must try.
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Will buy again,Will buy again
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Ave Maria Reconquista,Ave Maria never disappoints me! This cigar one of their better ones.
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,One of the best,This is a great cigar from AJ Fernandez. Really bold.
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,"Excellent cigar. Full of flavor,","Excellent cigar. Full of flavor, and excellent aroma. Each puff releases a mouthful of rich flavors. Received in cedar caskets was an added bonus."
Ave Maria Reconquista,4 out of 5,"An even draw, medium bodied","An even draw, medium bodied smoke that I found to be very enjoyable. Well crafted and, I'm not going to lie, it's great that they have their own coffins."
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Ave Maria Reconquista,"This is everything you are looking for in a full flavored cigar. Give it a shot, you won't regret it."
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,"My all time favorite cigar,","My all time favorite cigar, the flavor last for hours, women at the bar ask what I’m smoking. They love the aroma"
AVO 30 Years - AVO LE05,5 out of 5,A must have,Just a fantastic smoke
AVO 30 Years - AVO LE05,5 out of 5,AVO 30,Great smoke.
AVO 30 Years LE - AVO Signature,4 out of 5,Like the pepper taste with,"Like the pepper taste with a touch of chocolate and with a glass of angels envy it taste, has you floating up to Heaven"
AVO 30 Years LE - AVO Signature,2 out of 5,Avo 30,"Not good at all, I Avo is my go to stick however this 30 right out the box I could tell the construction wasn’t good no flavor in this smoke. I will let them sit for 6months and see if they get better."
AVO 30 Years Maduro,4 out of 5,Avo Maduro #2,"I’m really glad Avo brought back this cigar but it’s not quite the same. The originals had a creamyer taste and the wrapper was rich and had an oily feel to it. Also the ring size was a little larger but still, this is an excellent cigar."
AVO Classic,3 out of 5,"good, not great..","Light and flavorful, but burns too fast!"
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,My # 1 cigar!!,I bought this cigar a couple months back from a local B&M and I was blown away by the flavor and construction of the cigar. I had to pick up a box so I ordered a box of 20 from CI and I couldn’t be happier. My purchase arrived quickly in a sealed avo robusto cigarbox (original) ... quality of cigars inside are all 10 across-the-board. Thank you CI For these great cigars… With the Notes of sweet cream and graham cracker also a floral aroma Off of the cigar. burn is razor sharp. My favorite cigar I’ve had Mini cigars including Cubans in the past.. And this cigar for my palate wins With flying colors overall.
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,Never disappoints!,"this is my ""special occasion"" cigar. always smokes smoothly, flawless construction, good smoke. a solid 45-minute event that I look forward to!"
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,The best..IMHO,"Yes,they're a bit expensive,but the taste is great.Don't know their aging process,but after about an inch the flavors come out.Burn evenly and taste all the way to the end without getting hot.Enjoy them with my coffee in the A.M."
AVO Classic,4 out of 5,As always AVO does not,As always AVO does not disappoint. These are a must have for my humidor and I suggest you keep some too.
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,Excellent,Wonderful cigar. On the mild side but with great taste from end to end
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,An old friend,"The Avo Classic just rolls into your mouth smooth and rounded, no edges.
The construction is solid easy draw good aroma and nice amount of smoke
I get a litte spice and hint of cedar. I would smoke this cigar all the time if I were a rich man i'm not but CI runs a special occasionally and I can enjoy them"
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,Smoked like a davidoff yes,Smoked like a davidoff yes there made in there factory but some smoke better than davidoff
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,AVO classic robusto,Smooth draw. Even burn. Delicious all the way down to the nub.
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
AVO Classic,4 out of 5,Avo Classic-robusto,"Excellent medium cigar; well-made, easy draw"
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,The ultimate smooth smoke!,The ultimate smooth smoke!
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,Can NOT go wrong,Always a favorite! Can NOT go wrong with AVO classis!
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,Good,Good
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,"Very enjoyable cigar, to me","Very enjoyable cigar, to me better that my old favorite Monte Christo."
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,One of My Favorites!,Overall great cigar...Start to finish!
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,Perfect gift! :),"I got a great deal on these through the make an offer section, and gave them to my brother for Christmas. They looked darker than you usually expect for Avo Classics, so I was a little concerned, but he smoked one Christmas eve and it was perfect. He said it burned clean and smooth the whole way through, and tasted like mocha (that was his dumbed-down version of the taste profile, for a sister who doesn't smoke lol)."
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,avo #6,Good cigar
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,Great cigar.,Great cigar.
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,AVO Classic #2,"Bought 40 of these beauties for my daughter's upcoming wedding. I snuck out a couple to ""pre-screen"" and was wow'ed! Flavor on point and the burn what was I expected from AVO. Keep up the great work, guys."
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,Mild and smooth,"Avoid Robusto is mild, smooth, and just the right length for a 30 minute smoke."
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,always my favorite,"Been enjoying the mild, smooth AVO for years now. The burn is great right down to my fingertips."
AVO Classic,3 out of 5,4 our of 6 so,4 our of 6 so far had defects and could not smoke them!
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,Great cigar,First time having these and I was pleased
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,Great cigars & service,Great cigars & service
AVO Classic,3 out of 5,Quality Control,Too many cigars out of 20 had a very poor draw.
AVO Classic,4 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,#2 gets 5 stars,"Great, smooth, even smoke. My go to cigar."
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,AVO #3,Mild smooth cigar with medium draw depending on cut. A great smoke any day.
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,I like the 4 pack.,#2 is one of my favorite cigars.
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,My Favorite,This has quickly become my favorite cigar. The taste is consistent to the nub.
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,Never Disappoints,Awesome smokes from an awesome service!! CI you’re the best!!
AVO Classic,3 out of 5,Good cigar maybe the wrong size.,Out of the box these cigars were flavorless. If I had rated this when I opened the box I would have gone with a 1 star. With time and patience I have found the flavor to evolve and become a great cigar. It could also be a size issue as I find the toro to smoke better.
AVO Classic,4 out of 5,Good alternative to Davidoff,Found these to be an acceptable alternative to Davidoff....less expensive..try something me!
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,Excellent cigar
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,Avo #2 classics are just fantastic,"I have smoked the Avo #2 Classic for close to 15 years now. It is by far one of my favorites, and I've smoked virtually all of the premium brands. Don't be afraid to spend the money. They are 100% completely worth it."
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,Bravo for AVO,"Smooth from start to finish. Great taste, Great burn with huge white clouds of smoke!"
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,AVO,👍
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,my FAVORITE cigar.,I want a mild cigar with flavor and the classic 2 delivers. Smooth draw and consistent all the way thru
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,My #1,"My favorite cigar. Great flavor, and easy to smoke. Smooth all the way through."
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,My favorite cigar!!,My favorite cigar!!
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
AVO Classic,4 out of 5,Decreasing,"Decreasing quality, change in mixture? Darker and stronger than formerly, looser construction. Once my favorite, not so much now."
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,Good cigar...,Good cigar...
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,One of My Favorites,"Splurged for these to add to my humidor for the next special occasion. I recently tried one and this was one of the smoothest, best tasting cigars I've had to date. Will buy again."
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,Worth every penny!,"Awesome cigar! Well construction, smooth and good burn... The tobbaco leafs were aged by 25 years to make this precious! Worth every penny!"
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,My first but not last,Smooth awesome smoke wish I could have these everyday.
AVO Classic,4 out of 5,AVO Classic No. 2,"I used to smoke the Avo Maduro No. 2 and 3 before discontinued.
Excellent Medium body cigar and smoke.
Unfortunately, Avo has increased the price and lowered the quantity in boxes from 25 to 20. Still a worthwhile cigar to stock in my humidor."
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,simply the best,"I've had oodles of other brands of cigars,some real good and others not at all.The classics are smooth and tasty.You know it's an AVO,they have their own distinct taste.I enjoy 'em in the mornings with my coffee or later with wiskey,wine or tequila.Yes they are a bit pricey,but at my age only the best!"
AVO Domaine,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,"As with other AVO products, this is very well made, has a good draw, and minimal re-lights. I would rate it medium- to medium-full bodied, smooth smoke with a definite Dominican flavor heavy on the wonderful cedar aroma. One of my favorites."
AVO Domaine,5 out of 5,AVO Cigars,Perfectly Balanced! Smooth from start to finish!
AVO Domaine,5 out of 5,Avi Domaine,Great Cigar
AVO Domaine,5 out of 5,5 Star Item!,"These little cigars pack a ton of flavor. If you’re short on time and want a big cigar taste, Avo Domaine is for you! Highly recommend. As usual CI exceeds expectations again."
AVO Domaine,5 out of 5,Heaven,Iv’e Always enjoyed the Domaine line of AVO cigars. I’m so pleased you carry this line of fine cigar. You’ve made me very happy!
AVO Domaine,5 out of 5,Avo Domaine #10,"Always my fallback cigar. if I don't know what I want to smoke, I pick up one of these."
AVO Domaine,5 out of 5,Exceptional,They were excellent smokes. Would recommend to anyone.
AVO Domaine,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,"I bought a 5-pack to try. These are pricey cigars that live up to the AVO reputation. They are very well-made. The aroma is wonderful. As others note, there is initially a strong cedar aroma, very pleasant. In the second half, it is much more complex, more woody, nuts, and a distinct Dominican flavor. I would rate it medium-bodied. At $11/cigar, I'll wait for a special occasion."
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,Avo Heritage Robusto,Great Smoke! Great Price!
AVO Heritage,3 out of 5,Everyday cigar,Not a bad cigar but it was a plain tobacco flavor to me. It was a tough draw with a punch cut. Ended up using the guillotine and it still was a tough draw. I have four more so my hope is that the bad draw was on this one alone.
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,Avo-licious,You can never go wrong with Avo. Always a great smoke!
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,great deal on a top tier cigars.,I'm writing about the AVO mega sampler. A nice mix of the AVO brand. These cigars have always been a favorite of mine and my cigar smoking friends. this sampler has created a little buzz among us. We've never seen these discounted like this anywhere. i (we) hope this continues as a standard item offered by CI. you guys are the best.
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,AVO Herritige Robusto,"A very fine cigar from start to finish. Good draw, excellent flavor, great price!"
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
AVO Heritage,2 out of 5,ok cigar,"not like the avo i used to know. Not much smoke, and some have a bad draw"
AVO Heritage,4 out of 5,Better deal on Cigar Bid,I am in love with the Avo Classic. Purchased these with an good price. But future purchase will be through Cigar Bid..
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,AVO HERITAGE ROBUSTO,A fine cigar
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,amazing service,amazing service
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,"stronger than xo and syncro,","stronger than xo and syncro, but still has that AVO character and quality."
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,Excellent,Best non Cuban on the market
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,"My favorite, thank you for","My favorite, thank you for making it affordable"
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,Very good,Very good
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,Avo,Nice and smooth
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,Avo,It’s a nice short smoke
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,👌,Awesome
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,Absolute Favorites,AVO never disappoints me and my recent purchase was a real treat. Perfect draw and cool taste to the end of the stick. Flavor is consistent as well as burn. You can not go wrong with an AVO
AVO Heritage,4 out of 5,good smoke,"burned evenely, good construction, enjoyable smoke."
AVO Heritage,4 out of 5,clean,clean easy a real good smoke
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,avo purchase,great smoke cant go wrong with an avo
AVO Heritage,4 out of 5,AVO,Decent smoke. I’d buy them again
AVO Heritage,4 out of 5,AVO ENJOYMENT,"Nice smoke. Ned to full body can always count on consistent flavor. One drawback is, that it has a tendency to go out multiple times during my smoke, causing a distraction too the nice flavor I get when burning. But I smoke the because they are good. My actual preference is the AVO Uvezian box press. But all in all the entire selection gets high marks"
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,AVO Heritage Robusto,"One of the nicest cigars I've smoked .Nice easy draw ,even burn ,a lot of smoke .I like to smoke right down to the last possible puff.very short .Didn't get hot until then ."
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar!,A value cigar bold and smooth. A pleasurable smoke.
AVO Heritage,4 out of 5,AVO HERITAGE,GOOD. ACCEPTABLE.
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,Very good,Very good
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,Very good,Very good
AVO Heritage,3 out of 5,Robusto cigars,They do not compete with the Heritage Toro
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Enjoyed this more than the classic but they are all good. Little bit of pepper at the beginning then creamy all the way through.
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,Great deal on a great,Great deal on a great cigar
AVO Heritage,3 out of 5,Good medium smoke...not the best...,Good burn...tight roll...nice smoke...not the best
AVO Heritage,4 out of 5,good cigar,"This is a good cigar. Actually a really good cigar. Solid, rich, a little complex not too much. Great tobacco flavor. No surprises. If you can get it on sale it's a no brainer."
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,AVO Heritage,Handcrafted well balanced from start to finish. Amazing smoke. Paired nice 15yr old Single Malt.
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,Anazing as expected !!!,"I bought the cigars on sale, regret not buying more.
I have alwsys loved Avo cigars, have never smoked a bad one.
The strength varies on the cigars but all of these are worth the money.
Will buy again and again."
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,Great Price,"The Avo's that I've had in the past were excellent and I expect these to be as well. However, they arrived a week ago and it's winter in Chicago. The Avo is too good to light up for a quick winter smoke while I walk the dog and I don't smoke them in the house. Check with me in the spring."
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,Wonderful smokes,Wonderful smokes
AVO Heritage,4 out of 5,Avo Heritage,"Good construction, burns fast, decent everyday cigar, will be ordering another box"
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,Terrific flavor throughout the stick.,Terrific flavor throughout the stick. AVO always has consistent smooth cigars
AVO Heritage,3 out of 5,not bad,A bit too strong for my taste.
AVO Heritage,4 out of 5,Good cigar,"I've only tried one of the 5-pack so far. This cigar is well-constructed, and burns well. It's a good 2-hour smoke. Full-bodied with good Dominican flavor. I was expecting a little more complexity. I think the Avo-Domaine is better."
AVO Heritage,3 out of 5,Stems,Did not expect to get twigs in an AVO cigar. Well you cant win them all. Disappointed
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,Love this one. Avid Avo cigar fan.,"This is one of my all time favorites. Full flavor, creamy apple like sweetness. Velvety spice on the tounge. I give this one a solid 10. It is one of the only cigars I buy by the box. At least one of these a week for me."
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,Great Cigar!!!!!,This is one of my favorite cigars.
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,Avo Heritage Lover,"Wonderful cigar for a real cigar smoker who can appreciate a full bodied cigar. Very well constructed, great even burn and consistent box to box. Only complaint is your shop never has them as a special."
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,Avo,I like the Heritage but I do miss the Madoros.
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,Stellar smoke,Fantastic! But not surprised at all. From start to finish. These are in a special class all by themselves.
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,Outstanding cigar,Outstanding cigar. Great construction and burn. Excellent flavor.
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,Excellent,"Have always enjoyed AVO cigars and this one does not need to take a backseat to any of their products, enjoying them totally and would be ordering more again."
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Didn’t burn as well as,Didn’t burn as well as I would have liked. Flavor was good.
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,2 out of 5,Box damaged,Box came with the seal already broken. No response from customer service
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,3 out of 5,Right in the Middle,They were OK but not really outstanding. I found that the less expensive Muwat Kentucky Fire Cured cigars filled the bill when it comes to a short but satisfying cigar.
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Favorite,My all time favorite smoke good price and fast shipping. Only thing better is to shop in store.
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Smooth and tasty,Even long smoke all the way thru 😎
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Smooth draw with volumes of,Smooth draw with volumes of smoke
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Excellent,"If you like Nicaraguan blends, this is a great choice. Super smooth and full of flavor."
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,4 out of 5,CAO,"CAO, nice smoke, aren't all of them?
I would definitely buy again."
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,AVO Syncro Nicaragua Robusto,Great cigars at a great price. What's not to love?
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,4 out of 5,4zeller,They were good...slight after taste...but good smoke overall.
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,AVO Nicaragua,AVO sets the bar. Excellent box pressed construction-I highly recommend this one.
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Bought them on sale for the first time and thoroughly enjoyed the cigars. I will buy them again next time around.
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Very nice smoke,AVO is always a good time.
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,4 out of 5,savage swede,good/ smooth
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Avo synchro Nicaragua,Great cigar. Had wanted to try for a while. Bought on sale with free shipping. Great draw and even burn. Very happy. Will definitely buy again
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Beautiful taste and great burn..
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,5 packg,Good deal
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,AVO after hunt cigar,Smooth cigar with lots of good tobacco flavor without being harsh
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great Cigars,All around one of my favorite cigars
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,3 out of 5,Not AVO's best but still pretty good!,a bit bitter along the way. I love AVO's and only like this one.
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Good smokes!,Wish it was a bigger ring size!
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,nice and smooth,nice and smooth
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,AVO,"Pleasantly surprised by the quality! Read several reviews so I decided to include these in a 5 pack bonanza, glad that I did."
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,"Great Deal, Great Cigar",Excellent price for one of the finest cigars made.
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,"The first time I had an AVO, I thought it was one of the best cigars I have ever had.",I still do.
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Fantastic smoke,"Great draw, and flavor. Stays constant throughout the whole experience."
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Avo,Excellent
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,2 out of 5,Get something else,"Maybe the least favorite of all premium cigars I've smoked in 25 years.
Not even sure what to call the flavors I taste.
Tough draw for 60+ minutes."
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,1 out of 5,BAD,smokes dry and hot....really BAD!
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Short and Sweet,Excellent smoke. Burns slowly and smooth. Strong flavor but not harsh. Superior to the Oliva in my opinion. A good choice for a short smoke.
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Repeat Buyer for this cigar,Very Good Cigar
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Excellent,Comparable to higher priced cigars
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,My new favorite,I got one of these as a gift a while back. Decided to grab a whole box of them. These are now my new favorite. Full bodied smoke with a bit of sweetness to them. I'll be keeping my humidor stocked with them at all times.
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke.,Every bit as good as Ramon Allones for half the price.
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great stick!,"I enjoy this cigar most after dinner with cognac. Smooth, relaxing smoke complements the cognac."
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great smoke,My new favorite
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Beautiful and Tasty,"Near perfection. Sweet and spicy taste profile, incredibly smooth with no harshness. Perfect burn and draw. Only one band which I really appreciate. Superb and worth every penny. I have smoked several boxes of this and the the Fogata, like the Synchro better--both are excellent but the flavor profile of the Synchro is more satisfying."
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Arrived in good shape and on time.,"No complaints, except don't expect nice packaging!"
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,tasty,Wish they last longer
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,4 out of 5,THE ONLY PRESSED CIGAR I'VE ENJOYED,"Short and to the point. This cigar feels well made as you hold it in your hand, and is has a fragrance that can cause you to forget to fire the thing up. My only regret is that I didn't notice it was a box press and I really don't care for any of those. Nevertheless, once I got pass the shape it was a fine cigar."
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Love this little smooth smoker.,Love this little smooth smoker.
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Very nice smoke!!,I had the first of these about two months ago and loved it straight away. Bought my second about 6 weeks later and that convinced me. Bought a box and have enjoyed this cigar a few times now....each time getting better.
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great,Amazing short smoke. Perfect
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Avo Syncro- Amazing,"Gotta tell you, this is currently one of my favorite sticks! Love everything about it, the way it's constructed, the aroma and the flavors. Buying a box soon."
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great,Goood
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Very good cigar
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar,"This now one of my top five cigars!! Great amount of smoke, smooth and creamy. No pepper taste at all. I would say mild to medium but extremely enjoyable"
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar. Very impressed.
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,3 out of 5,Eh... They're Ok,"Bought a five pack to try out before getting a box. I love Avo... Bought a box when my child was born and I love the flavor of Nicaraguan tobacco but this cigar left me disappointed. One stick had a musty flavor and the other was bland. Gave away the rest. I was excited when I saw these but was disappointed. Bottom line, I won't order them again nor will I tell my friends to purchase."
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,3 out of 5,Avo Syncro,"A bit disappointed in this Avo. Much milder than expected, I found very little spice, leather or pepper. The smoke was thin and papery. At its price point, I doubt it will find its way back into my humidor."
AVO Syncro Nicaragua Fogata,5 out of 5,These smoke really well. Great,These smoke really well. Great draw and smooth flavor.
AVO Syncro Nicaragua Fogata,5 out of 5,They were dry when I,They were dry when I got them
AVO Syncro Nicaragua Fogata,4 out of 5,Another Avo gem,"Very good smoke, I get wood leather and slight cinnamon taste slight sweetness but not over bearing.. Will definitely keep a few in my humidor after this box is gone.."
AVO Syncro Nicaragua Fogata,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,I took a box of these to an event and several friends were very pleased. I will be keeping them in my humi from now.
AVO Syncro Nicaragua Fogata,3 out of 5,Not what I expected,"Having smoked the Gordo's,the shorts did not have the same flavor.Will stick to the ""fatties""!"
AVO Syncro Nicaragua Fogata,5 out of 5,Fantastic,I always have Fogata on my humidor. Thats the best for me on AVO lineup.
AVO Syncro Nicaragua Fogata,5 out of 5,Great mild large ring cigar..Very,Great mild large ring cigar..Very pleasing with coffee hints
AVO Syncro Nicaragua Fogata,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,I have always loved AVO cigars but this one is special. Stronger than most but smooth through the finish. My new favorite!
AVO Syncro South America Ritmo,5 out of 5,AVO,"love this cigar
Will always h a very some in my box"
AVO Syncro South America Ritmo,4 out of 5,Very good smoke,Very good smoke
AVO Syncro South America Ritmo,5 out of 5,Glue problem solved,"One of the best cigars iv'e smoked...worth every cent to me.I did have one that seemed to have a little too much glue but learned a trick years ago that has always worked for me...now no one likes the taste of burned paper but if you smoke the stick CLOSE to the band,( don't let it burn the paper) it should get warm enough to somewhat melt the glue and it is much easier to take the band off at that stage...hope this helps as it has always worked for me.Will be looking into a box soon.Highly recommended and although a little pricey,I have not seen them cheaper anywhere else."
AVO Syncro South America Ritmo,3 out of 5,So so,Had much better from this brand. Alittle to earthy tasting and not all that.
AVO Syncro South America Ritmo,5 out of 5,Fantastic cigar,"Incredible stick. I loved the smooth as glass finish. Cedar, coco, and roasted nut throughout."
AVO Syncro South America Ritmo,5 out of 5,Ritmo in house,"I just love this stick, one of my favorites!!!!"
AVO Syncro South America Ritmo,4 out of 5,Nice fascinating blend,"I liked avo fogata and when it comes to multinational blends of tobacco fro South America the Ritmo was worth every penny. The flavors are various and interplay throughout the smoking experience. I bought a box and since I have only begun aging the sticks I can’t really award 5 stars yet however, I wouldn’t doubt in a few months I will give that fifth ⭐️"
AVO Syncro South America Ritmo,5 out of 5,Mighty Fine Cigar,Basically a Davidoff with a different band. Really nice.
AVO Syncro South America Ritmo,4 out of 5,Ago Ritmo Delivers,I tried the new Avo Ritmo. Ordered a five pack. By far one of the best primarily Dominican cigars I have ever smoked. The addition of what I believe are Brazilian tobaccos to the blend gave it an enticing aroma and spicy taste that raised it a cut above. Great as both a morning and after dinner cigar. I ordered the robusta size.
AVO Syncro South America Ritmo,5 out of 5,Ritmo,Great cigar. Top my list for a good full bodied stick with good even burn. Go to.
AVO Syncro South America Ritmo,4 out of 5,Excellent smoke. Smooth easy draw,Excellent smoke. Smooth easy draw and burns beautifully. Able to obtain long symmetrical ashes. No harsh after taste. Will buy again.
AVO Syncro South America Ritmo,5 out of 5,"good taste, nice burn","good taste, nice burn"
AVO Syncro South America Ritmo,5 out of 5,Great smoke!!,Fast becoming one of my favorite smokes. Med/full with a nice richness start to finish. Smooth draw. Excellent cigar
AVO Syncro South America Ritmo,5 out of 5,Awesome Cigar!!,"I bought a box of these and they are now one my favorites. Smooth burning, and good even flavors all the way through. I recommend these and hope they go on sale soon so I can get some more!"
AVO Syncro South America Ritmo,3 out of 5,good tasting but not a,good tasting but not a good burning cigar not worth the hefty price the 4free cigars were better
AVO Syncro South America Ritmo,2 out of 5,cigar band is glued to the cigar.,"I really enjoy this cigar, but I have a big problem with the cigar band. When you try to remove it you find out it is glued to the cigar. To take it off you end up ruining the cigar. I have ruined 3 cigars trying to remove the bands. I tried to contact AVO but their Website won't let me send a message. You have to be a member of the website. I tried to join the website, but it would not let me. I tried to tell then via Facebook but I got no reply. I just gave up and stopped smoking AVO cigars."
AVO Syncro South America Ritmo,4 out of 5,Decent Smoke,"not overly costly,smooth smoke. may want to let sit out a day before lighting. looking forward to trying more from AVO. decent smoke very relaxing not over powering!"
AVO XO,5 out of 5,Been smoking Avo XO for,Been smoking Avo XO for over 25 years.
AVO XO,5 out of 5,My favorite by far,My favorite by far
AVO XO,5 out of 5,Avo xo,Great cigar my AVO favorite.
AVO XO,5 out of 5,great cigar,great cigar
AVO XO,5 out of 5,Amazingly smooth,These cigars are the smoothest smoke I have ever had. Good mellow flavors and a strong finish.
AVO XO,4 out of 5,Surprisingly Quick Burns,These cigars seems to burn quick - good taste just short burn.
AVO XO,3 out of 5,Poorly rolled,These cigars taste and smell great. They are so poorly rolled as to wreck the cigar smoking experience. They would get five stars from me if they were properly rolled.
AVO XO,5 out of 5,New favorite cigar,New favorite cigar
AVO XO,3 out of 5,Little Taste,Found this cigar to be well constructed with an even burn. Was completely surprised with the flat taste. No pop and I could not begin to apply any adjectives to describe it.
AVO XO,5 out of 5,Great taste,Great taste
AVO XO,5 out of 5,Great smoke's,Great smoke's
AVO XO,5 out of 5,Awesome buy.,Awesome buy.
AVO XO,5 out of 5,Perfect Smoke,Best non Cuban cigars available.
AVO XO,5 out of 5,AVO HERITAGE ROBUSTO,fine cigar as all the AVO's in sampler
AVO XO,5 out of 5,Classic Fantastic creation..what a legacy my father left for us to enjoy!,My first cigar love 1988 in Humacao Puerto Rico at Avo's piano bar!
AVO XO,5 out of 5,Solid Cigar,"Good taste, great roll, super draw."
AVO XO,5 out of 5,Avo sampler,Great products at a great price.
AVO XO,5 out of 5,AVO,All time favorite. Have to take advantage when rarely on Sale!!!
AVO XO,5 out of 5,Great deal on premium cigars,"My two humidors were already full when I got the email about the Avo. It was an incredible bargain on cigars that usually cost twice as much. I jumped on it and had the first one last week. It's winter in Chicago so I don't usually light up a good cigar unless I know it will be warm enough for me to finish it outside. It was a wonderful smoke and the price was a steal. Even burn throughout, mild but flavorful."
AVO XO,5 out of 5,Avo,Nice smooth smoke
AVO XO,4 out of 5,Avo,Nice I liked
AVO XO,5 out of 5,value,What a great value
AVO XO,4 out of 5,Avo Intermezzo,"Smooth Avo cigar. Great flavor, medium strength, flawless construction, perfect draw - what can you say - it’s an Avo - one of the best brands on the market."
AVO XO,2 out of 5,so so,not great- not terrible..
AVO XO,5 out of 5,Review,These cigars are fantastic!
AVO XO,4 out of 5,AVO Special,More like a 3.5. These are just ok Cigars.
AVO XO,5 out of 5,"They are GREAT,!!","They are GREAT,!!"
AVO XO,5 out of 5,Delicious,A great midday smoke it was well worth the deal I got at CI.
AVO XO,5 out of 5,Great bargain,"This was probably my best ""find"" from CI. An excellent smoke!!"
AVO XO,4 out of 5,AVO,"Good smoke, I bought them to take to the casino with me. This was a excellent choice."
AVO XO,5 out of 5,Great smokes,Great smokes
AVO XO,4 out of 5,avo,Has always been a good smoke.
AVO XO,5 out of 5,AVO XO Robusto,"Mild and medium body. A perfect medium cigar, for a
""shorty""!"
AVO XO,3 out of 5,Avo cigars,A better cigar is Heritage Toro Gordo
AVO XO,5 out of 5,Favorite cigar,Favorite cigar
AVO XO,4 out of 5,avo,"They needed to rehumidify when I got them. Once good to go, they're a nice smoke. Complex even sophisticated. A little light for my taste, but good."
AVO XO,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
AVO XO,5 out of 5,A I baby,Excellent price on an extraordinary cigar
AVO XO,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
AVO XO,3 out of 5,avo,Simply average.I expected better
AVO XO,5 out of 5,AVO,The best
AVO XO,5 out of 5,right into hummie but had,right into hummie but had to burn one while golfing. Sweet. Don't tell anyone else on site.
AVO XO,5 out of 5,Excellent deal for AVO’s,Excellent deal for AVO’s
AVO XO,5 out of 5,Great cigars at a great,Great cigars at a great price. How can you go wrong
AVO XO,5 out of 5,Avo,Excellent draw good for those cold evenings.
AVO XO,4 out of 5,CAO,Great sticks👍👍👍👍
AVO XO,4 out of 5,perfect smoke,light yet rewarding smoke the best avo yet.
AVO XO,5 out of 5,AVO XO Intermezzo,A very enjoyable cigar. Medium body and nice smooth flavor. The cigar was well constructed and burned evenly. Purchased for a great price
AVO XO,5 out of 5,Evo XO Intermezzo,Superb medium body. Very enjoyable.
AVO XO,4 out of 5,Nice smoke!,A very handsome cigar. Cigar was mild to medium. There was a definitely a bit of mustiness. I also got some bourbon notes but they were subtle. The construction was first rate. The Avo XO Maestoso smoked until there was almost nothing left of it. Overall a very pleasant experience.
Baccarat,5 out of 5,Definitely my favorite cigar five,Definitely my favorite cigar five stars all the way😊👍
Baccarat,4 out of 5,Nice cigar for an everyday,Nice cigar for an everyday go to.
Baccarat,4 out of 5,Nice Smoke!!,Enjoyed it thoroughly
Baccarat,5 out of 5,My favorite,My favorite
Baccarat,5 out of 5,Nice moderately priced mild cigar.,Nice moderately priced mild cigar.
Baccarat,4 out of 5,All good,All good
Baccarat,5 out of 5,Excellent any-time-of-the-day cigar.,Excellent any-time-of-the-day cigar.
Baccarat,5 out of 5,Big Fat Smooth,"Love Baccarat Belisico, and the Gordo is just a bigger fatter version. Smooth and Creamy to start, just after 1/2 the cig it transforms to a deeper smoke. My fave."
Baccarat,5 out of 5,Best cigars for the money.,Best cigars for the money. Been smoking them for years
Baccarat,5 out of 5,The best cigar for the,The best cigar for the money!!!!!
Baccarat,5 out of 5,Great everyday smoke!,This is my go to cigar for everyday! Mild but creamy smoke and last just long enough. Always consistent and a great build…never a run!
Baccarat,5 out of 5,These have become my favorite,These have become my favorite
Baccarat,3 out of 5,Gordos,For me Gordos are just a tad too strong and too big. I prefer my cigars in the less than 50 ring size. The taste is what I expect from Baccarat and they smoke easily like my preference for Luchadores.
Baccarat,5 out of 5,A good daily smoke,"I have been receiving Baccarat Luchadores now for several years and have always had a very good smoke with each and every one of them. They are mild, my preferred flavor, and have very good taste. I will continue to order and smoke them until they cease being as good as they are now."
Baccarat,5 out of 5,Great tasting smoke,Pleasant flavor and consistency during entire smoke. Great after dinner cigars.
Baccarat,5 out of 5,Liked the Gordo always get,Liked the Gordo always get kings
Baccarat,4 out of 5,It's a good cigar for,It's a good cigar for the price
Baccarat,5 out of 5,Baccarat Toro is a great cigar,The Baccarat Toro is the best cigar for price/quality/flavor/consistency that I have found.
Baccarat,5 out of 5,My “Go-To” Cigars,I love this cigar and is my go-to after a long day. Very mellow with a nice long draw and even burn. One of my favorites and always stocked in my humidor.
Baccarat,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Very fine. Order them regularly. I like the size(dog walk size). Wish they brought back the Connies.
Baccarat,5 out of 5,The best,Love baccarat
Baccarat,5 out of 5,Satisfaction,"I've switched over from another company to you. Orders are delivered on time, freshness is beyond comparison and easy to order. Keep up the great work. You have a new customer.
David Boyd"
Baccarat,5 out of 5,great cigar for the price,great cigar for the price
Baccarat,5 out of 5,Baccarat Rothschild,Good smoke. Good burn. Good price.One of my favorites.
Baccarat,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,Great cigar!
Baccarat,5 out of 5,I LOVE these!!!,"There is something I like about candelas. (I guess it would be the taste, duh!) These Baccarat Candelas are AWESOME. The price is right, too. These are my daily cigars, along with the Master Blends 3 from Oliva. But I actually prefer these because they are milder and have that flavor that won't overwhelm you at work or at the very end of your day, before bed."
Baccarat,5 out of 5,"Hits great, tastes great, and","Hits great, tastes great, and it is inexpensive. For the price, a top choice if you are looking for a daily smoke."
Baccarat,4 out of 5,Fine small cigar,Fine small cigar
Baccarat,5 out of 5,Good smoke mild,Good smoke mild
Baccarat,5 out of 5,Nice...wonderful smoke,"In this price range, there is nothing better. Nice mild everyday smoke with plenty of flavor. Try a five pack and thank me later."
Baccarat,5 out of 5,Fabulous,Fabulous
Baccarat,4 out of 5,Great smoke for the golf course,Nice mild cigar with good taste and burn. Perfect when playing a round of golf
Baccarat,5 out of 5,Awesome smoke.,Awesome smoke.
Baccarat,4 out of 5,"Good smokes, draw good, mild","Good smokes, draw good, mild flavor"
Baccarat,5 out of 5,Fantastic tasting cigar,Baccarat is a high end tasting cigar at a bargain price
Baccarat,5 out of 5,Still one of the best,Still one of the best mild cigars on the planet
Baccarat,5 out of 5,Very Nice and smooth.,Very Nice and smooth.
Baccarat,4 out of 5,Love all the Baccarat products,Love all the Baccarat products
Baccarat,4 out of 5,Great Smoke,"My new favorite cigar, love the size"
Baccarat,5 out of 5,I enjoy them very much,I enjoy them very much
Baccarat,5 out of 5,good,good
Baccarat,3 out of 5,Ok for cheap,Not bad. They have a sweet flavoring added to them so it's not for every day for me. They burn well and the draw is ok.
Baccarat,5 out of 5,Love this brand!,With the candela outter rapper it makes for a extra smooth smoke. Great cigar to start the day off.
Baccarat,5 out of 5,What a great cigar,"Smooth, creamy, and mild. Love it."
Baccarat,4 out of 5,Great barbecuing smoke,"Big cigar. Mild, very consistent burn and taste. Intentionally sweet cap noticeable. Goes well with beer or spirits. Great while barbecuing Santa Maria-style."
Baccarat,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Baccarat,5 out of 5,Excellent Mills cigars,Excellent Mills cigars
Baccarat,5 out of 5,Excellent mild cigars,Excellent mild cigars
Baccarat,5 out of 5,These are very smooth! I,These are very smooth! I really enjoyed them!!
Baccarat,5 out of 5,"Nice a smooth, never goes","Nice a smooth, never goes out, burns well. will order again"
Baccarat Candela,4 out of 5,Nice Smoke!!,Enjoyed it thoroughly
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,The best,Love baccarat
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,I LOVE these!!!,"There is something I like about candelas. (I guess it would be the taste, duh!) These Baccarat Candelas are AWESOME. The price is right, too. These are my daily cigars, along with the Master Blends 3 from Oliva. But I actually prefer these because they are milder and have that flavor that won't overwhelm you at work or at the very end of your day, before bed."
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,Fabulous,Fabulous
Baccarat Candela,3 out of 5,Ok for cheap,Not bad. They have a sweet flavoring added to them so it's not for every day for me. They burn well and the draw is ok.
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,Love this brand!,With the candela outter rapper it makes for a extra smooth smoke. Great cigar to start the day off.
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,Worth every penny!,"Smooth smoking cigar, even burn. Great mid day cigar!! Would recommend"
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,VERY GOOD,"OUTSTANDING CIGAR,EASY DRAW ,BURNS EVEN"
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,Sweet,"So far, like the Baccarat’s a a lot. Sweet wrapper. Smooth, even burns. Not harsh at all. Very mild cigar in my opinion. Really enjoy the Gordo as well."
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,"Great stick, super smooth 👍🏾","Great stick, super smooth 👍🏾"
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,Try these😊,Great everything!👌👌 slightly sweet & mild. These don’t have the “green taste” that some candela have. These are great on a warm summer day or anytime
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,Great service,Great service
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,"Nice easy draw, mellow taste,","Nice easy draw, mellow taste, even burning."
Baccarat Candela,4 out of 5,Nice tasting cigar,"Like the title says nice tasting cigar, the only negative is they do not burn well, constantly need to re-light"
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,Price is right!,Nice enjoyable smoke for a reasonable price. Touch of sweet and savory.
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,great stick,very good draw and nice sweet tip mild..would recommend
Baccarat Candela,4 out of 5,Nice Light Candela Option,"Just tried the new candela wrapper. Very nice construction, fresh creamy smoke. A light, straight forward, uncomplicated cigar. Great introduction product for the cigar novice or anyone looking for a simple well made candela."
Baccarat Candela,4 out of 5,Candela,I have only smoked a couple of them little different taste but they last longer to smoke a very relaxing cigar try them you will like them
Baccarat Candela,4 out of 5,Good Cigar for Everyday Use,"I enjoy the candela Baccarat. Its mild enough for me, has an easy draw, and a nice aroma. I like some other cigars more, but this is a good everyday draw."
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,Nice,Smooth smoke stays lit
Baccarat Candela,4 out of 5,Great candela for the price.,"I usually prefer medium to full strength dark cigars. Still it is good have something a bit different to “cleanse” the palette. Sometimes the best tasting cigar is the first after having none for a few days or more. (That almost never happens with me, though). I digress. These are a larger ring guage for candelas than I usually see that I can afford so I was eager to try them. The first couple were a bit disappointing. But after a few weeks in the humidor they are MUCH better. I like my humidor a bit higher than most recommend at 75%. Good even burn just a tad hot but very enjoyable. Peppery tinge is satisfying for this full-bodied regular."
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,A good cigar,A good cigar
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,Very Happy Customer,"outstanding sticks, well constructed, even burn and smooth all the way to the nub."
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,Good mellow cigar,Very smooth and great clean taste
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,Baccarat is outstanding value,Baccarat cigars are an outstanding value. Love the convenience and service provided by Cigars International. You are second to none.
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,Candela Baccarats,Good cigar.
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,Good cheap smokes,Really enjoy Baccarat Candela's smooth steady draw & flavor
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,Smooth,"Awesome smoke, well constructed cigar. Great flavor"
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,Nice smooth smoke. Only slightly,Nice smooth smoke. Only slightly sweet on tip with a nice nutty taste. Good any time of day.
Baccarat Candela,3 out of 5,Baccarat Candela,Smoked 4 so far. Construction is excellent. Mild to medium. Good solid cigar.
Baccarat Candela,3 out of 5,Baccarat Candela,"The Candela has a slightly different taste then the natural rapper version. I can't say it's better or worse, just different. I would have to leave it up to the individual."
Baccarat Candela,4 out of 5,"Sweet start, smooth finish",Great cigar for the golf course just relaxing and looking for a smooth smoke with hint of sweet to start. Decent cigar all around and very smooth easy draw. I would recommend this cigar to others who like a mild smoke.
Baccarat Candela,4 out of 5,"Good, Mild cigar",This is a good golfing cigar. Good draw and a mild taste.
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,Baccarat Candela Rothschild,"I am a new to cigars. I have tried many different cigars, but I think this has been my favorite, so far! It is a mild smoke, easy draw, and even burner. It does have a ""kiss"" of sweetness to it, but nowhere near the sweetness of a Swisher Sweet cigar! As there are many different cigars, you will find as many opinions. I encourage you to read ALL the reviews, not just the highly rated ones. In fact, the review that made my mind up to purchase this cigar was one that was not rated very high due to its sweetness. However, that's what I was wanting to try. As they say - ""One man's trash is another's treasure!"""
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,Well worth it.,"Slamming, smooth and mellow. First think after unwrapping it was the fragrant grassy smell of the wrapper. Didn't let me down for the entire cigar. Not sure about the sweet tip at first but once she was going any second thoughts I had were gone. Burns evenly and holds a.pretty good ash.
Though a mild cigar it has a whole lot going on with it. The smooth grassy flavor of the wrapper contains a little bit of spice, mild tobacco and perhaps a subtle taste of nuttiness.
I got in in Rothchild. A Churchill might of been different but I rarely smoke a Churchill
I think it would pair well with a single malt, or a nice Brandy."
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,Baccarat Candela,Great tasting smooth cigar
Baccarat Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Baccarat shines,I ordered this at behest of a friend to please. This is good smoke and hes happy
Baccarat Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Baccarat Petite Corona,"I usually smoke a Baccarat Luchador in the afternoon but started wanting something not as mild, although I still smoke these while surfcasting in the mornings. I find the fuller flavor, constant taste beginning to end, and size of the NPC perfect for an after lunch cigar. It's one of my new favorites and a great cigar as far as most bang for your buck."
Baccarat Nicaragua,4 out of 5,"great smoke, will do it","great smoke, will do it again"
Baccarat Nicaragua,4 out of 5,A solid cigar!,"Just finished the fifth of the 5 and they are good cigars. Touch of cedar and maybe some pepper. Smokes well, evenly and with a solid draw. A very solid purchase!"
Baccarat Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Good flavor,"I have been a Baccarat cigar fan for a long time. So naturally I wanted to try the new Baccarat Nicaragua. It is a good cigar, if you are familiar with the regular Baccarat cigars they are smooth,mild, and generally burn evenly. The New Baccarat Nicaragua has all the same quality’s and has more flavors present. It smokes just as smooth as the originals all the way to the nub. Here are the reasons I didn’t give this cigar a 5 star. I think they could be packed a little tighter, then I would give them a 95 rating. The other and most important reason is I don’t want them to be too popular, then they will be out of stock.😉 Michael"
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,Top notch service,Top notch service
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,Great quick smoke,"Very tasty, and not overly sweet. One of the only flavored cigars I actually enjoy because the tobacco is more prominent than the infusion."
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,Backwoods,Great
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,Great Taste Perfect Size,Great Taste Perfect Size
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,Always my favorite,Always my favorite
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,Backwoods shipped FRESH! Thanks.,Backwoods shipped FRESH! Thanks.
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,Very mild,Relaxing and smooth
Backwoods Cigars,4 out of 5,"enjoy both , still waiting","enjoy both , still waiting for Cuba Deligths ?"
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,Both GREAT,Both GREAT
Backwoods Cigars,3 out of 5,Backwoods,"It’s really hit or miss, on if they will be smokable."
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,Everybody likes the smell of,Everybody likes the smell of me cigars. Great for a quick smoke.
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,backwoods,I really enjoy these cigars
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,My husbands enjoys these cigars.,My husbands enjoys these cigars.
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,God stuff,Great cigars great company to buy from
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,Great smoke,These are tasty and good for a quick fix when you don’t have time for a 20 to 30 minute cigar
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,"Smooth, tasty and convenient","Smooth, tasty and convenient"
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,good cigar,smooth and mild great flavor and doesn't taste like candy
Backwoods Cigars,4 out of 5,Will do,"Great cigar to smoke if you work outside, if you drop it on the ground your not that mad."
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,good smoke,it's a nice flavor refreshing
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,puff puff,great stuff
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,Love them,Love them
Backwoods Cigars,4 out of 5,Mild,Nice and mild good taste some are rolled to tight
Backwoods Cigars,4 out of 5,"Nice 20 minute smoke, 2or3","Nice 20 minute smoke, 2or3 out of 40 pack rolled to loose and will not light. Have bought a lot of them"
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,good cigars at a good price,fresh and ready to smoke
Backwoods Cigars,4 out of 5,Not my flavor but I,Not my flavor but I had to try
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,👍👍,👍👍
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,"I've tried others, but always go back",My favorite despite the price.
Backwoods Cigars,4 out of 5,Limited availability,For those who don't know why everyone is out of stock on Backwoods the answer is that there are only limited quantities getting shipped out of south america. Between the damage done by the hurricanes a couple of years ago and the civil unrest throughout south america manufacturing has been effected. This will continue for the the rest of 2019 and perhaps beyond. So if you can find a quantity of backwoods it is advisable to get as many boxes as you can because supplies will run out fast.
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,The Best,i have smoked a number of the different Backwoods and the Honey Berry is my favorite.
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,Great smoke...,Great short smoke.... Iwosh they would keep them in stock....
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,Fast delivery and excellent service,Fast delivery and excellent service
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,Very flavorful,Very flavorful
Backwoods Cigars,3 out of 5,Backwoods,"Good flavor, usually rolled too tight making them difficult to smoke. Quality control lacking."
Backwoods Cigars,4 out of 5,Sweet Aromatic,I like em too. They are good for a short smoke and smell nice. Unfortunately they are out of stock. I just went to Jrcigars.com and placed an order. But I am waiting to get an email saying Out Of Stock
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,not the same cigar ...,"Ive have been smoking Backwood Sweet Aromatic cigars for many years … over the past few years they seem to taste more like a cigarette … the sweet ""chocolaty "" smell is mostly non existent..."
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,Thanks Backwoods.,Very good cigars.
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,Sweet aromatics,"I really like these even though most it seems don't consider them real cigars.
Unfortunately, they are often out of stock not only at CI but local retailers as well, so I guess I'm not alone but have no idea what the constant shortage problem is about."
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,I like Backwoods Cigars,I wish they were always available.
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,"always great , love the","always great , love the aroma"
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,Awesome!,My husband loves these. Perfect for a casual smoke on the way home from work or when he's working in the garage. Bigger than a cigarillo but not as labor intensive as smoking a larger cigar.
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"Love the honey berry, very fresh"
Backwoods Cigars,3 out of 5,"Bought them for a friend,","Bought them for a friend, he sure smokes them a lot!"
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,Thank you. I received my,Thank you. I received my order in just a few days.
Backwoods Cigars,3 out of 5,Backwoods,"Really wanted the Honey Berry but they were on backorder...so got these. Not bad, but do prefer the other."
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,The reason why I got,The reason why I got these was because you are out of the orginals AGAIN!!!!
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,Black N Aromatic,"Can’t say enough good about Backwoods Black Aromatic, I love burning one on the ride home and while on the job site, nobody complains about the aroma either, Best deal thanks to CI"
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,very good will buy more,very good will buy more
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,Favorite. Wish they would be,Favorite. Wish they would be stocked more
Bahia B-Line,5 out of 5,Such an amazing cigar,When you first get the box which is just a stunning bit of presentation. You know your in for a treat. Full flavor but in no way over powering. Just an all around great smoke
Bahia B-Line,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,Nice backyard cigar! Your friends will agree weather BBQing or not...
Bahia B-Line,5 out of 5,Very smooth smoke.,Very smooth smoke.
Bahia B-Line,5 out of 5,Nice,Nice
Bahia B-Line,3 out of 5,Nice.,"Really different flavor then I'm used to, almost reminds be of old parchment. Smoke 'em slowly, or they will get hot. Overall, not bad, and an excellent value. Cool box too, with a magnet clasp."
Bahia B-Line,5 out of 5,Best for the price!,"Just a great, low priced little cigar. Very consistent & the box press is for me. I'll be buying again & again-"
Bahia B-Line,4 out of 5,Great flavor in the cigar.,Great flavor in the cigar. But was a little too loosely rolled for me
Bahia B-Line,3 out of 5,Nicely priced,Hey decent cigar smooth I’d buy it again in a pinch
Bahia B-Line,4 out of 5,Smooth Very Nice,Smooth Very Nice
Bahia B-Line,4 out of 5,Bahia B2,Great everyday cigar and can also be that weekend cigar when you have 30 minutes roughly to enjoy a smoke. Goes great with whiskey/Bourbons.
Bahia B-Line,5 out of 5,My husband loved these cigars,My husband loved these cigars so much we made a second order
Bahia B-Line,5 out of 5,Good cigar slow burn great,Good cigar slow burn great price.
Bahia B-Line,4 out of 5,Nice for a short smoke,Nice for a short smoke
Bahia B-Line,5 out of 5,Great flavor easy pull just,Great flavor easy pull just great all around smoke. Normally 30-45 min.
Bahia B-Line,5 out of 5,Excellent Smoke...,Excellent smoke from start to finish! These are great no matter what your doing and the go nicely with a nice scotch! Ill be ordering more!
Bahia B-Line,5 out of 5,Smooth!,Very smooth medium body cigar that has a good flavor.
Bahia B-Line,5 out of 5,Nice even burn...good volume of,Nice even burn...good volume of smoke...good tasting...Excellent value!
Bahia B-Line,3 out of 5,Good smoke for the money,Good smoke for the money
Bahia B-Line,4 out of 5,Excellent value. One of my,Excellent value. One of my go-to cigars. Consistent and burns well.
Bahia B-Line,5 out of 5,I Loved It!!!,I Loved It!!!
Bahia B-Line,4 out of 5,Buy these,These are really nice mild flavourful smokes and an outstanding bargain.
Bahia B-Line,3 out of 5,Bahiia Bline,average to good
Bahia B-Line,5 out of 5,Solid performer,"This smoke gives enjoyable pleasure consistently at an awesome price,tasting like something costing much more."
Bahia B-Line,5 out of 5,the best,"love the smooth sweet taste, good even burn."
Bahia B-Line,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"Great cigar. Burns well, even and stays lit. Great taste. The description is spot on. I will be buying these again. The would make a great everyday stick for the price they are sold at."
Bahia B-Line,5 out of 5,"smooth ,great taste,burns slow.","smooth ,great taste,burns slow."
Bahia B-Line,5 out of 5,Bahia B-line,Nice smoke for the price - smooth burn and taste
Bahia B-Line,3 out of 5,Bahia orange,"Decent cigar, burns fast, too small."
Bahia B-Line,3 out of 5,Good cigar,"Good taste, smooth....not bad"
Bahia B-Line,4 out of 5,Smooth but loose,An everyday cigar but for the loose roll.
Bahia B-Line,4 out of 5,Bahia,Thought this was a surprisingly mellow and wonderfully tasting cigar at a great price
Bahia B-Line,1 out of 5,Worst,Very bad taste
Bahia B-Line,3 out of 5,Smooth snd good cigar,Smoot cigar with great packaging!...
Bahia B-Line,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Bahia B-Line,4 out of 5,Bahia B-Line,Excellent quick smoke. Good flavor and draw.
Bahia B-Line,2 out of 5,Bitter taste at the finish.....I,Bitter taste at the finish.....I will not repurchase
Bahia B-Line,5 out of 5,Very nice cigar,Pleasant smoke- med- full nice flavo will reorder
Bahia B-Line,2 out of 5,Second time,"Second time not so good, dried out ends fall apart"
Bahia B-Line,3 out of 5,Disapointed,"I love the Bahia line, but this one missed the mark"
Bahia B-Line,4 out of 5,B-Line cigar's,Very impressed with this cigar.
Bahia B-Line,5 out of 5,Michael O Choquette,"nice smooth smoke, even burn, really enjoy them."
Bahia B-Line,4 out of 5,Almost,Good but not great
Bahia B-Line,5 out of 5,Bahia,It was a great smooth smoke all the way through
Bahia B-Line,5 out of 5,What a find,Great cigar great price couldn’t be happier
Bahia B-Line,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke at a low price,Picked this on a weekly deal and was an awesome buy for the price
Bahia B-Line,3 out of 5,This is a good cigar,This is a good cigar for the price. Nice to just have a short stick for the times you just need a smoke.
Bahia B-Line,4 out of 5,Nice smooth cigar,These guys have a nice smooth burn and a med flavor profile. Very Nice for the price
Bahia B-Line,3 out of 5,Probably Won't Do This Again!,"Not real happy with this Bahia....the others are great! Main situation I encountered was, the CAP KEPT PEALING OFF! Almost everyone. No matter whether you punched, cut, snipped, etc., it peeled off! Kept getting tobacco pieces to chew on. Other wise, flavor pretty good, burn not good not bad, lots of smoke.....feel the quality just isn't there. Very little effort went into these."
Bahia B-Line,3 out of 5,Tried Once!,Personally don't care for taste and sharpness.
Bahia B-Line,4 out of 5,Good Smoke,Good smoke all the way through.
Bahia Blu,4 out of 5,My go to Golf Cigar,Inexpensive great tasting mild flavor. Perfect for a round of golf!!
Bahia Blu,4 out of 5,Bahia blu...excellent,My sons & I enjoyed Bahia blus recently and we enjoyed the flavor and the slow burn.
Bahia Blu,5 out of 5,Worth buying a box,"Worth every penny. Got this in a sampler, and found it as fine or finer than much much more expensive options.
Immediately ordered a box."
Bahia Blu,4 out of 5,Great value,"These cigars are truly fantastic for the money. Occasionally one may have a tight draw, or rapper may unravel a little bit, but that's maybe one out of five. This brand is regularly stocked in my humidor."
Bahia Blu,5 out of 5,Delicious and well priced,This cigar has “expensive taste”! This one is constantly in my humidor
Bahia Blu,5 out of 5,Great Smoke!,"Wonderful aroma, great taste! Put together well! Enjoy with Scotch!"
Bahia Blu,4 out of 5,i,"inexpensive stick, mild to medium, good draw."
Bahia Blu,4 out of 5,Great smoke,Now this was a great smoke. Even burn with light draw. I was very impressed with the low cost. Highly recommend
Bahia Blu,4 out of 5,Bahia Blu Churchill,"This cigar is actually very well constructed for the budget priced cigar. Fairly even burn, uneven initially but a second shot with the torch fixed that, no issues the rest of the way down. Very slow and cool burning, with less smoke than other 50 rings I've smoked. The draw is firm but not overly restrictive, with the cigar being fairly tightly wrapped. The aroma is pleasing, but the flavor is odd, not bad, but not the greatest, just kinda odd. The flavor profile is probably not a 2of5 as advertised, I would put it more at 3.5of5. All in all, I would definitely give these a long hard look if I saw them on sale or as part of a 2'fer."
Bahia Blu,4 out of 5,Bahia Blu Churchill,"This cigar is actually very well constructed for the budget priced cigar. Fairly even burn, uneven initially but a second shot with the torch fixed that, no issues the rest of the way down. Very slow and cool burning, with less smoke than other 50 rings I've smoked. The draw is firm but not overly restrictive, with the cigar being fairly tightly wrapped. The aroma is pleasing, but the flavor is odd, not bad, but not the greatest, just kinda odd. All in all, I would definitely give these a long hard look if I saw them on sale or as part of a 2'fer."
Bahia Blu,5 out of 5,Nice and smooth tasting Cigar,Nice and smooth tasting Cigar
Bahia Blu,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Bahia Blu,4 out of 5,Bahia Blu Purchase,Good cigar with good price. Free shipping was the seller for me.
Bahia Blu,5 out of 5,Blu,The Bahia Blu has great flavor.
Bahia Blu,4 out of 5,Very Good Daily Smoke For The Money,They could use some time aging but even right out of the box they are a decent daily smoke. The long leaf filler means I don't have to deal with bits and pieces of tobacco in my teeth when they linger in my teeth.
Bahia Blu,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
Bahia Blu,3 out of 5,OK cigar,This was a ok cigar for the money. It was not as good as the Bahia Brazil which is one of my top cigar.
Bahia Blu,4 out of 5,Bahia blu u700,Over all a good cigar. Good flavor and a long burn. Some uneven burning though
Bahia Blu,3 out of 5,Solid. Very good for the,Solid. Very good for the price.
Bahia Blu,4 out of 5,"Solid ""yard gar""",These big sticks may not be super premiums but they provide a good long enjoyable smoke. I have these cigars sitting on my lawn tractor mowing my large 2 acres of lawn. One lasts the whole trip.
Bahia Blu,4 out of 5,A very decent cigar,I’ve been enjoying around the fire waiting for the endless winter and lockdown to end.
Bahia Blu,4 out of 5,Good cigar but does not,Good cigar but does not always draw smothly.
Bahia Blu,3 out of 5,OK cigar nothing real special,OK cigar nothing real special
Bahia Blu,4 out of 5,Bahia Blu,Good medium body cigar for a good price
Bahia Blu,5 out of 5,Blu,Smooth robust smoke on my list
Bahia Blu,5 out of 5,Nice,Nice
Bahia Blu,3 out of 5,Ok,There ok we had many that were plugged.
Bahia Blu,4 out of 5,"Good, but stronger","I've been buying these for years and it seems this last batch was stronger than usual, still a good smoke but I like original recipe! Otherwise I would give these 5 stars for a good daily smoke."
Bahia Blu,3 out of 5,ok cigar,ok cigar
Bahia Blu,5 out of 5,Excellent value,A very good cigar but at less than $2.00 a stick the bast value ever!
Bahia Blu,4 out of 5,overall pretty good. a couple,overall pretty good. a couple of bad burners in the bundle though.
Bahia Blu,4 out of 5,Great smoke. Even burn,Great smoke. Even burn
Bahia Blu,4 out of 5,A good smoke,A good stick to relax with after a hard day at work. Not too strong just right.
Bahia Blu,4 out of 5,Nice cigars!,"With CORVID-19 our golf/cigar time has been reduced but I have enjoyed 6 Bahia's since I have received them. I found they burn beautifully, they are a bit stronger than my usual but not harsh or hot, great flavor, I really like them.
One downfall is that 2 out of the 6 have come ""unraveled"" (the wrapper has split open).
Not a deal breaker but it occurred 33% of the time. I'll see how the remaining 14 go but I will probably grab them again, especially at the $$ I paid.
Nice smoke!!!"
Bahia Blu,4 out of 5,Great. Value,Pleasantly surprised for a great price. Mellow
Bahia Blu,5 out of 5,Enjoyed them.,Enjoyed them.
Bahia Blu,5 out of 5,Top 5,"This is in my top 5 favorite cigars. Great for the golf course or relaxing with a glass of Bourbon. Smooth smoke with a pleasant, natural flavor. Don't let the affordable price confuse you, this is a hidden treasure."
Bahia Blu,5 out of 5,Nice stick for the $$$$,Title says it all. Enjoy the cigar!
Bahia Blu,5 out of 5,For the price their great!,For the price their great!
Bahia Blu,5 out of 5,Bahia Blu U700 Churchill,"Excellent quality, excellent value"
Bahia Blu,3 out of 5,Ok smoke,Cigars were ok for the price. Wrappers on each cigar roll off easy and don't burn evenly
Bahia Blu,3 out of 5,good,"for the price can't go wrong.
mild, nice size and quality construction"
Bahia Blu,3 out of 5,So-so!,"I buy other Bahia brands, ""Brazil"" for one. This, in my opinion, does not reach the level of others...….."
Bahia Blu,3 out of 5,decent cigar for the money,decent cigar for the money
Bahia Blu,4 out of 5,It’s a good cigar,It’s a good cigar
Bahia Blu,5 out of 5,Cheap Stick,They were inexpensive and had a great taste!
Bahia Blu,5 out of 5,Bahia Blu - U700 Churchill,Very smooth and easy to smoke.
Bahia Blu,4 out of 5,Nice smoke,"I was sitting on my front porch waiting out the pandemic and lit up a Bahia Blu. The breeze was calm and the smoke was good. A light smoke, delicious aroma and a mild, peppery taste made my day. Other flavors I can't adequately describe but It smoked true right to the end. No regrets on this purchase."
Bahia Blu,4 out of 5,Pretty good smoke for the,Pretty good smoke for the $
Bahia Blu,4 out of 5,Some inconsistencies in the burn,Some inconsistencies in the burn and draw but overall a decent cigar
Bahia Brazil,4 out of 5,My first Brazilian cigar,"I have found Bahia in general to produce a good, above average smoke at competitive prices. The Brazil is no exception. I ordered a bundle out of curiosity. This was my first Brazilian cigar. I was quite pleased with my purchase. Burns evenly, draws well and tickles the palate with a good blend of flavor. In my humble opinion, Bahia is underrated, not that I mind. It keeps the prices reasonable and the supply generally steady. If you're looking for a Brazilian cigar, try the Bahia. You won't regret it."
Bahia Brazil,4 out of 5,Pretty pretty good,Pretty pretty good
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,Excellent,Perfect golf course cigars!
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,Excellent flavor and full bodied,Excellent flavor and full bodied A good everyday cigar at a good price.
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,"One of your best ever,","One of your best ever, really enjoy them. Now , I’m out and waiting for you to ship 🤪"
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,good value,I like them
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,Good Smoke,"Subtle open with notes of pepper.
Consistent throughout with bold finish."
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,Great Cigar!,"Smooth, affordable, and stylish. Good before, during or after any meal."
Bahia Brazil,4 out of 5,The OTHER Brazilian out there!,"Though not quite as good and satisfying as it's competitor, nevertheless the Bahia Brazil is a great bargain for those who love Brazilian wrapped cigars. Good smoke!"
Bahia Brazil,4 out of 5,nice cigar.,nice cigar.
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,Very Good Cigar,Very Good Cigar
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,Good Smoke,This is an affordable daily smoke. A little time in the humidors brings the moisture needed to be an enjoyable cigar.
Bahia Brazil,3 out of 5,Bahia Brazil toro,I have smoked this cigar before but this was a gift for father in law ... he enjoys them
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,Amazing Smoke,Great draw every time ... very very smooth stick ... always order a pack regardless of whatever else I put I the cart... 😀
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,"Great CIGAR, GREAT PRICE & GREAT S/H. MAX OF TEXAS","It's a VERY GOOD CIGAR, *WARNING*
ALLOW THEM TO SIT IN U R HUMIDOR A FEW DAYS. I SAY THIS DO TO MY MISTAKE OF NOT LETTING THEM ""MELLOW OUT"" FROM SHIPPING. BUT A GREAT DRAW, NICE BURN & BY WEEK 2 I WAS AMAZED BY THE TOTAL SMOKE, FLAVOR & TASTE OF THESE GREAT HOUSE CIGARS. I WISH I COULD SET BACK A BUNDLE & FORGET ABOUT THEM FOR A YEARS. YOU COULDN'T BUY A CIGARS AS GOOD AS THIS ONE. FOR ME THESE ARE A GOOD SMOKE- CAN'T WAIT TO TRY THE""MADURO""... MAX OF TEXAS"
Bahia Brazil,4 out of 5,For the cost this cigar,For the cost this cigar delivers plenty of flavor.
Bahia Brazil,4 out of 5,You won’t be du,"A solid, medium bodied cigar. Good flavor until the last quarter. I really enjoyed them!"
Bahia Brazil,4 out of 5,Good cigar at a very good price,"I believe Bahia is generally underrated on their cigars. This was my first buy on the new Bahia Brazil. I was treated to a good medium bodied cigar that burned evenly with good smoke, good flavor and at a very reasonable price. I still give a slight edge to the Trinidad, very slight."
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar,Great cigar fo the money.
Bahia Brazil,4 out of 5,My favorite so far!,Smooth even smoke.
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,Superb,Surprised at the punch this cigar has. Will be ordering this again. Flavor lasts for 85% of the burn.
Bahia Brazil,4 out of 5,Both Dark Shark and Bahia,Both Dark Shark and Bahia were a pleasant suprise
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,Excellent,"I have rated these cigars in the past, but i will rate them again since i like them so much. My personal numerical rating for these would be a 95. The only cigar i have ever purchased from CI that i would rate higher is the CAO Brazilia Gordo and Robusto and would give those a 97 rating."
Bahia Brazil,4 out of 5,cigars,good
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,BACKORDERED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,"Please get more of these...that goes for the Robusto size too...i now wish i had ordered more of these when they were in stock. In my opinion, Maduro cigars wrapped with Brazilian wrappers can't be beat. I love the CAO Brazilian wrapped cigars very much too, but the cost of them keeps going up and i can no longer afford them. I hope the Bahia Brazil cigars come back very soon!!"
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,Good,Good
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,One of my favorites very,One of my favorites very good cigar
Bahia Brazil,4 out of 5,Love this cigar!,"This cigar has a deep rich flavor and is well made; not too loose, not to tight. When you add in the price, this cigar may just replace my previous “go to choice”."
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,Great Bundle Cigar,Great bundle cigar. Spicy and strong.
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,My new favorite cigar,"First time I tried them and they became my favorite. Nice clean draw, burns clean and has a medium strength. Highly recommend them."
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,Brazil Bahia,Brazil Bahia smooth draw. Never goes out. Medium body . Great cigar to smoke on the golf course. I like the Red Wrapper Madura cigar also.The Blue Wrapper is to mild for me. The Bahia family ofcigars is what a lot of my friends smoke. Best price in town.
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,A Great Tasting Cigar That Won't Stretch Your Wallet.,"A tasty stick at an affordable price. Some cigar snobs turn up their noses at ""bundle cigars"", but then again they probably have money to burn. I don't, so I'm always on the look out for cigars that please both my palate and my wallet. Bahia Brazil is one of those cigars. Bursting with flavor, this gem will be seeing the inside of my humidor in the future. Buy it and tell me if I'm wrong."
Bahia Brazil,4 out of 5,Nice cigar for the money.,Burns fairly even and slowly. A little stronger than I would normally buy.
Bahia Brazil,3 out of 5,Fair every day cigar,Fair every day cigar
Bahia Brazil,4 out of 5,Nice surprise.,"Bahia brazil was a bery nice surprise, nice flavor profile,clean burn, will definately reorder them."
Bahia Brazil,4 out of 5,Thank You Bahia!,"My first Brazilian cigar. I'm a fan of Bahia Trinidad and Connecticut, so I gave their new Brazil blend a shot. Nicaraguan fillers and a Brazilian Maduro wrapper give it a good medium/full-bodied flavor that I swear includes the occasional delectable taste of dark chocolate. I love one when mowing or working around the house."
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,A fine strong smoke,"These draw well and evenly. Not for the faint hearted - they're strong, but a consistenly reliable smoke."
Bahia Brazil,4 out of 5,thoughts on this cigar,"Nice burn, dark, heavy, lots of smoke....would buy again."
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,Good-consistent tasteful cigar - all,"Good-consistent tasteful cigar - all the way through and doesn't leave you
hang-in'...."
Bahia Brazil,4 out of 5,"Good on the palate, easy on the wallet","Like most Bahia blends, I find the Brazil easy on the palate and wallet. A good combination always for everyday smokes. I pt the Brazil with the Trinidad as one or the other will always be in my box."
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,Good everyday smoke,Good everyday smoke
Bahia Brazil,3 out of 5,Blah Bahia,"Not the worst Bahia, just not great either."
Bahia Brazil,4 out of 5,Cigar,Good quality cigar. Smooth draw and I like the Brazil the best
Bahia Brazil,4 out of 5,This was a great tasting,This was a great tasting cigar after a evening meal.
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,Bahia Brazil,Excellent cigar!
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,And the price is great too
Bahia Brazil,3 out of 5,Tasty smoke,Tasty smoke
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,Great,Nas medium full good burn good flavor I’m sure I will buy again if the price is right
Bahia Brazil,4 out of 5,"Very good value, easy smoke,","Very good value, easy smoke, good flavor, well packed. Fit my need for a smoke while doing yard work and house projects, etc."
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,Great stick!!,Wow! Cant say enough. Has become one of my favorites. Really enjoy this stick. Well made. Flavor profile is absolutely amazing.. Has become my everyday stick.
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,5 out of 5,This is a good smooth,This is a good smooth smoke and very reasonably priced.
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,4 out of 5,Very nice light cigar with good flavor,"Great light cigar. I liked these much better than the Macanudo Cafe, by comparison. The Bahia is creamy with nutmeg, a little leather, some basil and a touch nutty. I would not buy these for me, but would keep some to have to share with someone who is new to cigars, or simply wants to try one. This would be perfect for after breakfast, or with coffee, but would also pair well with a light beer. This is a perfect poker night cigar with friends, or for those times where you want a cigar but don't want to smell like one. My only complaint was that the wrapper dried a bit, and it cracked some, and I could feel it unwrapping toward the end, but I did not let it rest at all."
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,5 out of 5,Bahia Deluxe Torpedo,"Great smoke, consistently a quality cigar"
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,4 out of 5,Great quality at a fair price,"Long lasting, great aroma and taste"
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,4 out of 5,Good stick,good for every day sticks
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,5 out of 5,Great smoke very good price,Great smoke very good price
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,3 out of 5,Smoke em' if you got em'.,"Smooth,but some uneven burning. Great for golf, or yard work. Good price for the smoke."
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,4 out of 5,Bahia Connecticut deluxe,"It,s a nice mild cigar"
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,5 out of 5,Bahia Ct,I love them I’ve been buying them for years they are a fabulous every day smoke
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,5 out of 5,Fine cigar,Had to wait till I got over the winter bronchitis to try it out but I finally got to go on a worthwhile golf road trip and smoke one of these babies. It was great and had a great draw. Thanks again.
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,4 out of 5,Excellent for the price,"As an ""Every day"" mild to medium smoke, this cigar is an excellent value. It is well constructed for the most part, although a few were harder to draw than the rest. For the price - you can't beat it."
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,5 out of 5,review of bahia conn.,Nice mellow smoke really enjoyed them.
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,5 out of 5,Great long filler smoke,"Cut one open, nice log fillers, burns with a firm ash."
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,3 out of 5,Great golf course cigar,Great golf course cigar
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,5 out of 5,Unbeatable for the price,"Mild, great draw, consistent... no competition at this price!"
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,5 out of 5,Bahia Connecticut deluxe,Good everyday smoke
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,5 out of 5,Bahia blu,"Nice burning cigar, my golf best buddy."
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,4 out of 5,Great for the price,"Mild Connecticut wrapper, smooth draw, even burn."
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,4 out of 5,need to get rid of,"need to get rid of short filler and replace with long filler, everything else is good"
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,4 out of 5,Good for the price,Tastes good but one out of ten will begin to unwrap itself as it heats up
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,3 out of 5,Good Every Day Cigar,Burns nicely. Consistent cigar to cigar.
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,4 out of 5,A very good consistent smoke,My every day smoke.
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,5 out of 5,My cigar of choice,"I think the Bahia Connecticut Deluxe is an awesome choice for the money. Easy draw, quite mild and very consistent smoke. This stick works for me."
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,5 out of 5,"Mild,smooth draw,good burning qualities also.","Mild,smooth draw,good burning qualities also."
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,3 out of 5,Just average every day smoke,Just average every day smoke
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,5 out of 5,"smooth,great flavor.","smooth,great flavor."
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,5 out of 5,Smooth and silky...,Smooth and silky...
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,3 out of 5,Good deal,Reasonably priced for an everyday smoke - tends to be a little on the dry side on receipt so store properly
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,3 out of 5,Meh .....,Meh .. Bought a box. Smoked most of them. Most definitely an easily forgettable experience. Won;t go there again.
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,5 out of 5,go to stogie,smooth mild smoke
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,4 out of 5,Good Smoke,"It’s just a good basic smoke! Great taste, and cheap"
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,4 out of 5,Nice everyday smoker,Very nice smoker. I've reviewed other cigars in the past as good but this one really is.
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,4 out of 5,Good cigar,I was pleasantly surprised at the flavor of this cigar. I usually lean towards Madura’s but this smoke was fine.
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,4 out of 5,"Good,pleasant,mild","Mild smoke all the way through, no harshness at the end. On a second box now. The first box came with right moisture,second came a bit moist. Some time in the humidor will fix that. Good everyday smoke and good price."
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,3 out of 5,Bahia conn,good all occasion cigar smoke anytime would buy again
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,5 out of 5,great cigar,My husband loves this cigar!!!!!!!
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,3 out of 5,Not bad,Decent cigar only complaint i have is they are loosely rolled so you are spitting tobacco most of the smoke.
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,1 out of 5,One bad cigar,These Were the worst cigars I ever smoked terrible draw then they unravel bad bad bad smoke will never buy them again
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,1 out of 5,"Poor draw, bitter",I bought a box of these cigars and the whole box is bad. The draw is so bad it’s hard to keep the cigar lit. They also smell like a swisher sweet when you finally get it lit. So bitter you can barely smoke it. Overall one of the worst cigars I’ve smoked in 25 years.
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,5 out of 5,Great cigar for the price.,Great cigar for the price.
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,4 out of 5,Delicious,A nice flavor and smell for a good price
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,2 out of 5,Ok,You get what you pay for. Good flavor but Cheaply made and come apart. Good till about half way down then better off chucking it
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,5 out of 5,Near perfection,"Great cigar, well constructed, easy draw, smokes quite evenly with a few touch ups. This may be my go to cigar, New Cuba is my current go to cigar."
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,4 out of 5,Good Smoke,"This is a good simple Smoke, it’s not very complex but I wouldn’t expect it to be.given the blend and price. My brother seems to really enjoy them and I love em for when we are out fishing or sipping the morning coffee."
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,5 out of 5,Bahia Churchill Connecticut Deluxe!,What a great mild nice burning cigar a good value. I really enjoy smoking this one!
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,5 out of 5,Great smoke for a small,Great smoke for a small price
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,5 out of 5,Nice cigar,These are good every day smokes.
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,4 out of 5,Yum yum,A good mellow smoke
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,4 out of 5,Good all around Smoke,Love these babies and the price is awesome. Great for all occasions- not afraid to smoke 'em anytime. They are constructed a little light- but they draw perfectly for my preference. Love the aroma too.
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,5 out of 5,My favorite,My favorite
Bahia Gold,4 out of 5,Above average,Above average cigar
Bahia Gold,5 out of 5,Wonderful cigars at a bargain price.,"Great smoke. Even, we’ll made."
Bahia Gold,4 out of 5,"Decent smoke, good burn, great","Decent smoke, good burn, great price."
Bahia Gold,5 out of 5,Delicious,Very nice for the price good draw and burn nothing great flavor. 👍👍👍
Bahia Gold,4 out of 5,Bahia Gold,"I like this cigar; but to me it does not reach the quality of it's predecessor, which was one of my favorites and I enjoyed for years."
Bahia Gold,5 out of 5,Great cigars for the price!,"Bought these on a whim. Wasn't disappointed. Great smoke! Very even burn and great flavor.
Would definitely buy these again!"
Bahia Gold,5 out of 5,Great cigars,Have smoked these and will again.
Bahia Gold,4 out of 5,excellent burn and flavor,excellent burn and flavor
Bahia Gold,4 out of 5,Awesome,Awesome
Bahia Gold,3 out of 5,Descent,"ok for the price, burned fast for a 60 ring"
Bahia Gold,5 out of 5,Great smoke at a great price,"These are one of my best steals from CI. I was concerned that at this price point, these would be ""giveaway"" smokes. No way. I normally lean toward medium to medium full cigars, but these guys are PACKED with flavor. A pretty light draw before lighting, but it seemed to tighten up nicely. Second half of the cigar was even better. Just honestly a fantastic smoke. This is one to try!"
Bahia Gold,5 out of 5,Great smoke at a great price,"These are one of my best steals from CI. I was concerned that at this price point, these would be ""giveaway"" smokes. No way. I normally lean toward medium to medium full cigars, but these guys are PACKED with flavor. A pretty light draw before lighting, but it seemed to tighten up nicely. Second half of the cigar was even better. Just honestly a fantastic smoke. This is one to try!"
Bahia Gold,5 out of 5,It was a great gift,It was a great gift to my dad. He love them ❤❤❤
Bahia Gold,5 out of 5,Good cigar at a reasonable,Good cigar at a reasonable price. Shipping was fast and also reasonable.
Bahia Gold,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Very good for the price
Bahia Gold,3 out of 5,Fair...,Fair...
Bahia Gold,5 out of 5,Best Cigar I’ve Had THIS YEAR,"Well wrapped, slow burning,smmmmmmmooooth!
I will be back."
Bahia Gold,5 out of 5,Ghurka Red Skies,Great smoke at a great $
Bahia Gold,4 out of 5,Good value smoke,Smoke these on the golf cours. They burn evenly and if the wind isn’t blowing hard last 9 holes
Bahia Gold,4 out of 5,Good cigars for the price.,Good cigars for the price. Good draw and burns even.
Bahia Gold,5 out of 5,WDM,"It's rare I ever give a 5 star rating to anything. The Bahia Gold Robusto with it's box press is an exception. The strength of the cigar is medium + with a full flavor. It's one of my daily go to cigars. You won't be disappointed. Hopefully, Bahia will continue with this blend."
Bahia Gold,5 out of 5,Way underrated cigar,"Bahia Gold is about my favorite brand. Bought more of these boys than any other; probably 20 boxes over the last few years. I've noticed that the corona runs more full bodied, but the robusto and torpedos are medium, maybe medium plus. Complex, sophisticated taste. Can't go wrong."
Bahia Gold,5 out of 5,A definite go-to cigar,"I have been smoking Bahia Gold rabustos for years. I prefer these box-pressed beauties for their easy draw, consistent flavor, and medium strength. I find that I always reach for these, even going past the Anniversario, Flor de Los Antilles, and Kuba Kuba, all of which I really love. But the Bahia Gold is a real go-to."
Bahia Gold Maduro,4 out of 5,Bahia Gold Maduro,"For the price point, it can't be beat."
Bahia Gold Maduro,4 out of 5,Bahia Gold Maduro Robusto,"Basic good stick. Smooth, little tight on draw.
Overall I would recommend."
Bahia Gold Maduro,4 out of 5,Good quick clean smoke,Good quick clean smoke
Bahia Gold Maduro,4 out of 5,Excellent value,Generally not fond of box press as they have a tendency to burn unevenly. These did not exhibit any such characteristic. Burned slow and straight. Flavorful medium-full bodied smoke. Very enjoyable.
Bahia Gold Maduro,4 out of 5,Bahia Maduro gold,"Excellent smoke. Easy, slow burn. No bitterness at the end. Aroma was pleasing (so says my wife!)."
Bahia Gold Maduro,5 out of 5,Bahia Torpedos,"These are some of the best cigars I've bought from CI. If you love Torpedos, but this brand now!"
Bahia Gold Maduro,1 out of 5,Barely Okay.,"These don’t taste very good. They burn well and smell okay, so maybe a little time in the humi will settle em down. But I wouldn’t purchase again."
Bahia Gold Maduro,3 out of 5,Good cigar for the price.,Good cigar for the price.
Bahia Gold Maduro,5 out of 5,good,good
Bahia Maduro,5 out of 5,Bahia fan,Great great smoke ... very nice draw (always) nice even burn always on my list when I re-up!
Bahia Maduro,4 out of 5,Good value,Not a bad smoke. Like Bahia's a lot and these guys are a great value.
Bahia Maduro,5 out of 5,bahia maduro ponchos,"smooth slow burning cigar, my favorite"
Bahia Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke for the price.,Great smoke for the price. Should've ordered more when it was on sale.
Bahia Maduro,5 out of 5,Bahia Maduro,"These are great cigars! They're rolled firmly, have a real nice draw and great slow smoke! All for a great price."
Bahia Maduro,4 out of 5,Good every day cigar,I prefer the Corona Gigante size but these did the job ! Nice burn same flavor...
Bahia Maduro,4 out of 5,Very good for the price,Very good for the price
Bahia Maduro,4 out of 5,Jwh,Always enjoy Bahia. Good smokes.
Bahia Maduro,4 out of 5,Good burn,Good burn
Bahia Maduro,4 out of 5,Love This Cigar!,Very smooth and consistent. Great flavor! One of my favorites.
Bahia Maduro,4 out of 5,Well rounded,"Thus stick is just right, 45 to 60 minute smoke. Well balanced."
Bahia Maduro,4 out of 5,I bought these as a,"I bought these as a gift for my husband. He doesn't usually smoke Robustos, but he loves these!! Great purchase!"
Bahia Maduro,4 out of 5,Both are inexpensive enough to,"Both are inexpensive enough to be an everyday, Good consistent smoke."
Bahia Maduro,5 out of 5,Hands Down - one of the best cigar values available.,"My go-to smoke ... often times I grab one of these over other, more expensive and higher rated cigars. Great for every day, or special occasion. Go great with a nice cold one, or a cup of good strong coffee. This is probably the best value I've ever found in a cigar - period. Medium body, and great flavors, along with near-perfect draw. If I had to choose only one cigar for the rest of my life, these would be my most likely choice."
Bahia Maduro,5 out of 5,I just started smoking these,I just started smoking these what nice taste smooth flavorful
Bahia Maduro,4 out of 5,Medium Full Flavor Smoke,My go to smoke for enjoying yard work or cleaning up in the garage. Easy draw and a consistent burn every time.
Bahia Maduro,4 out of 5,Great value!,Good combination of price and quality. What a value!
Bahia Maduro,5 out of 5,great value,"smooth, burn well, maduros"
Bahia Maduro,5 out of 5,"Very good smoke, burns fast","Very good smoke, burns fast though."
Bahia Maduro,4 out of 5,Bahia Maduro,"I’ve smoked these for years. Avg daily , Rite price."
Bahia Maduro,4 out of 5,Go to cigar,Nice cigar for everyday. Excellent flavor.
Bahia Maduro,4 out of 5,Great cigar,For the price you can't find a better value
Bahia Maduro,4 out of 5,Good Buy,Consistent everyday smoke
Bahia Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar great smoke great,Great cigar great smoke great price
Bahia Maduro,5 out of 5,Loved them.,Loved them.
Bahia Maduro,3 out of 5,Decent every day smoke,Decent every day smoke
Bahia Maduro,3 out of 5,Good every day smoke.,Good every day smoke.
Bahia Maduro,4 out of 5,Albeit not a vintage cigar,Albeit not a vintage cigar it meets premium standards ... and the price is a real bargain.
Bahia Maduro,5 out of 5,Maduro,One of the best cigars I've smoked!!!!!!!
Bahia Maduro,5 out of 5,one of the best deals,My favorite for a morning cigar with Coffee.
Bahia Maduro,4 out of 5,Good,Good
Bahia Maduro,5 out of 5,I have been a customer,"I have been a customer for many years and have been very happy with the service.
This model have been B/O for a few months, just wondering when you expect stock?"
Bahia Maduro,5 out of 5,great value,love thisw cigar
Bahia Maduro,5 out of 5,One of my favorites,I have been buying these for the last 5 years or so and I continue to enjoy them. It is an excellent medium to full bodied cigar especially at this price
Bahia Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"These are one of those everyday standbys that you can enjoy every day without being wealthy. The price is reasonable and the taste is dependably consistent. They are medium to slightly right of medium. The finish of this cigar compares favorably to a far more expensive, premium cigar. What I really like about these cigars
(also true of Bahia Blue and Yellow Labels)
I’ve never been a fan of setting a cigar down and coming back the next day, lighting up and smoking the cigar like I’ve just started smoking it. There is usually a bitterness and a terrible mustiness to cigars relighted the next day. Bahia cigars smoke almost just as well the next day. Very little bitterness. They are a medium draw. Very few are badly rolled. They are well made and the binder is nicely oily. I’ve smoked a lot of brands and have many favorites but few cigars I’ve smoked were this great the second day, like these are. What more can you ask?"
Bahia Maduro,4 out of 5,Bahia Maduro,"Nice price, nice cigars, could be 'softer'"
Bahia Maduro,5 out of 5,An excellent cigar.,An excellent cigar.
Bahia Maduro,3 out of 5,Good value,Buy these regularly. Often cut them in half when I don’t have time to smoke a full length Churchill. Great full bodied smoke for a good price.
Bahia Maduro,5 out of 5,Will be buying again,"Excellent flavor, nicely wrapped...doesn't unravel near the end. Will buy again."
Bahia Maduro,5 out of 5,"Wanted to try for a while, I am very glad I did!",Lots of flavor through the whole cigar with a little extra punch of flavor at the end. The cigar had a nice burn and feel to it. Definitely on my list to buy again.
Bahia Maduro,5 out of 5,Delicious Cigars,"good quality, nice and delicious cigars. thanks."
Bahia Maduro,4 out of 5,"Great burn n draw,solid cigar","Great burn n draw,solid cigar for the money
Please send me samples"
Bahia Maduro,4 out of 5,Enjoyable,"Great everyday smoke,good burn"
Bahia Maduro,5 out of 5,Even my fiancé said I smell good after this baby,"Smooth creamy tasty from infinity and beyond.
This is one of the best smokes and by far the best for the price I would easily pay 100 a box and still enjoy every puff."
Bahia Maduro,5 out of 5,Great!,Great!
Bahia Maduro,4 out of 5,put it in your humadore,not bad good second or third choice
Bahia Maduro,3 out of 5,Fair every day cigar,Fair every day cigar
Bahia Maduro,4 out of 5,Good smoke and a good,Good smoke and a good in between size for a shorter party.
Bahia Maduro,4 out of 5,Panchos,Great cigar for the money if the cap stays on
Bahia Maduro,4 out of 5,Great smoke,This is a very nice medum smoke. Nice burn an flavours. Will buy them again for sure.
Bahia Trinidad,4 out of 5,Bahia Trinadad,Several were wrapped too loose and would not stay lit. Had to throw them away.
Bahia Trinidad,4 out of 5,You'll like it!,Great tasting and smooth. You'll like the cigar very much if you're looking for a mid body smoke with pleasing aroma.
Bahia Trinidad,4 out of 5,Good daily smoke,Good daily smoke
Bahia Trinidad,5 out of 5,I’ve bought these a few,I’ve bought these a few times and I enjoy these cigars. Smooth even smoke at a good price.
Bahia Trinidad,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"Great cigar when it's fresh.
I'll buy it again and recommend it to friends."
Bahia Trinidad,4 out of 5,Good cigar for the price !,Tasty cigar would order again...
Bahia Trinidad,5 out of 5,Love the smooth flavor.,Love the smooth flavor.
Bahia Trinidad,5 out of 5,Good smoke-good taste,Good smoke-good taste
Bahia Trinidad,3 out of 5,good,"good daily cigar smoke, I've had these many years ago, I remember they were way better"
Bahia Trinidad,5 out of 5,Husband Approved!,Husband appreciated and is looking forward to enjoying them when the weather warms up.
Bahia Trinidad,5 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth
Bahia Trinidad,4 out of 5,Bahia Trinadad,"This is a nice easy smoke, and the price makes it very affordable.... love these cigars"
Bahia Trinidad,5 out of 5,excellent cigar medium mild,excellent cigar medium mild
Bahia Trinidad,3 out of 5,Smoked well.,"Good roll, good burn, but didn't like the after taste."
Bahia Trinidad,3 out of 5,Not as fresh and smooth,Not as fresh and smooth as desired
Bahia Trinidad,5 out of 5,Very smoith,Very smoith
Bahia Trinidad,3 out of 5,Good fishing stick,Good beach burner while fishing.
Bahia Trinidad,4 out of 5,Good value,Good value
Bahia Trinidad,5 out of 5,These are very mild.,These are very mild.
Bahia Trinidad,4 out of 5,Bahia Beauty,What a consistant smoke and draw.. All 20 of themmmreal dwal!
Bahia Trinidad,5 out of 5,"Good cigar, Great Service","I called to inquire about these Bahia’s.
Ashley Rivera was awesome- answered my questions, sent me addresses of closest stores, and was a great rep for your company. People make a company great, and Ashley Rivera lived up to it. Many thanks....Larry."
Bahia Trinidad,5 out of 5,They are very good all,They are very good all three brands so good
Bahia Trinidad,4 out of 5,Better than expected!,Always a steady burn and ash. A taste and smoke that moves you to at least one a day. Need to see if I can get some more at that price!
Bahia Trinidad,4 out of 5,Excellent Smoke,"I thoroughly enjoy this smoke, great flavor and consistently good construction."
Bahia Trinidad,4 out of 5,Pretty good,Nice for a burner
Bahia Trinidad,4 out of 5,Pleasantly mild and tasteful,"Mild, but tasty! I actually wanted to by the Bahia Brazil’s but they were out of stock. I was pleasantly surprised at this cigar. It makes a great early afternoon cigar."
Bahia Trinidad,3 out of 5,fair..,they are ok. the draw is weak. the blue bands are much better imo.
Bahia Trinidad,4 out of 5,good smoke. good price.,good smoke. good price.
Bahia Trinidad,5 out of 5,There a great cigar but,There a great cigar but they were just a little dried up
Bahia Trinidad,2 out of 5,The best way to describe this purchase was inconsinconsistent,"I had purchased the Blu, and was quite happy for what they were. An i inexpensive"
Bahia Trinidad,4 out of 5,Pretty decent,I like the cigars but they were delivered a bit dried out. When they were ready to smoke you could tell it was a decent cigar but many of them burned awkwardly.
Bahia Trinidad,3 out of 5,Good solid smoke. Oily wrapper.,Good solid smoke. Oily wrapper. Nice construction.
Bahia Trinidad,4 out of 5,good draw and mild .,good draw and mild . my type of cigars
Bahia Trinidad,3 out of 5,Just OK,These seem to be made well and burn good. I bought them based on the flavor description. I don't find them to match that. They aren't a bad cigar. I just find the flavor to not be anything impressive. There are a lot of other options out there in this price range that are much better.
Bahia Trinidad,2 out of 5,Dry?,I was excited to try these at such a good price. But so far 95% of the ones I have tried have split and cracked as soon as I took them out of the wrapper. Other than that it’s a nice smoke.
Bahia Trinidad,4 out of 5,"Good smooth, medium smoke.",I've had about 10 of these and they are consistent and tasy.
Bahia Trinidad,5 out of 5,Love it!,Love this cigar! Not too light and not too heavy.
Bahia Trinidad,5 out of 5,First Bahia purchase,Great burn with nice mild to moderate taste. Will purchase again.
Bahia Trinidad,2 out of 5,Wrappers Dried Out,Flavor is fair but very hard to draw out due to the wrappers cracking and falling apart.
Bahia Trinidad,5 out of 5,Great buy,A very good and cigar with consistent quality. Can not be beat for the price. Will continue to buy while available
Bahia Trinidad,1 out of 5,Too much effort for too little enjoyment.,"The cigars were so tight that they needed to be rodded three times to get sufficient air through it. This was not the only problem, because the wrapper leaf would split in multiple spots or just unravel completely."
Bahia Trinidad,1 out of 5,Horrible cigar,I returned them. The tobacco was bitter and there was no aromatic scent to them at all. Definitely overpriced for what they were supposed to be according to the advertising.
Bahia Trinidad,5 out of 5,Great service!,Good products! fast shipping! thanks!
Bahia Trinidad,5 out of 5,cheap price NOT such a good deal,"The first cigar tasted old and dry. The wrapper fell off half way through the smoke. I won't buy them again. If the deal looks too good to be true, then it probably is!!!!"
Bahia Trinidad,5 out of 5,great cigar smooth,great cigar smooth
Bahia Trinidad,5 out of 5,Yum Yum,Iwas impressed with them. Smooth even smoke. Hope Santa brings me a box.
Bahia Trinidad,5 out of 5,Bahia Trinidad Torpedo and Belicoso,"This is my ""go to"" cigar. When I share them with friends, they cannot believe the quality and taste. Cigars International offers the best pricing, shipping and customer service!"
Bahia Trinidad,5 out of 5,"Tasty cigar,",Good draw and even burn. Trinidad might just be my favorite Bahia.
Bahia Trinidad,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"The Bahia is a great cigar, perfect fit after lunch, good and smoky and nice nutty flavor with hints of cedar"
Bahia Trinidad,5 out of 5,Good golf course cigar,Very nice smooth burning cigar on and off the course.
Balmoral Anejo XO,5 out of 5,A Serious Smoke for Real Cigar Smokers,"Got my first sample via the Little Puff event in DC, and what an incredibly pleasant surprise. Had not heard of the brand, but this is a real cigar not for the faint of heart. Rich, with hints of pepper and leather. It burned evenly, drew easily, produced thick, billowing smoke and held a stable, hearty ash. It packs a nicotine punch akin to that of the Tatuaje cazadore, so if you like a stick that lets you know you are smoking a serious cigar, this one is for you. It quickly earned a permanent spot in my humidor and pairs nicely with a bourbon on those occasions when you are looking for a total experience. This is not an everyday smoke unless you are a nicotine fiend."
Balmoral Anejo XO,5 out of 5,Balmoral Anejo XO Lancero - very smooth and balanced experience.,I prefer maduro/oscuro type of cigars with the sweeter and spicier finish and was very plesantly surprised when tried this one for the first time at my cigar shop. Balmoral Anejo XO Lancero delivered very smooth experience closer to medium finish. Going to get a box for myself.
Balmoral Anejo XO Connecticut,4 out of 5,Great little smoke.,Great little smoke.
Balmoral Anejo XO Connecticut,5 out of 5,Balmoral Anejo XO Connecticut,Well constructed. Very satisfying smoke.
Balmoral Anejo XO Connecticut,5 out of 5,Omg! Very good cigar!,O.g! Very good cigar! Smooth and light woody notes a d white pepper taste!
Balmoral Anejo XO Connecticut,5 out of 5,My new favorite cigar!,"I found this one for the first time a few months ago when a shop owner recommended it to me because I was looking for something that had PA tobacco in it, and when I lit it up, I said ""Wow, this is so smooth!"" I love the mild notes and the creamy vanilla taste. My favorite size is the corona because it smokes cool and flavorful!"
Balmoral Anejo XO Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great smoke!!!,"Great draw, burns slow and clean. Great smooth tasting cigar. One for the Top Shelf. Love it."
Balmoral Anejo XO Connecticut,5 out of 5,Super smooth,Super smooth and flavorful for a mild cigar. Great draw.
Balmoral Serie Signaturas Dueto,5 out of 5,Truly Amazing Cigar,These are amazingly good. Wonderful tangible flavors. Great draw. Wonderful burn. A very special cigar.
Bandidos,5 out of 5,My favorite.,"My absolute favorite small cigar. It feels like Christmas morning when they arrive in the mail. Sweet and smooth, burns nice and slow. Probably smoked 360 of these this year alone."
Bandidos,5 out of 5,good smoke like flavor.need free,good smoke like flavor.need free shipping.
Bandidos,4 out of 5,Bandaids Smooth,These are a nice short smoke. They are tasty and inexpensive.
Bandidos,3 out of 5,First time trying these. I,First time trying these. I find them good for a quick smoke. Not to much sweetness and the price was great.
Bandidos,5 out of 5,Love them on the road,Love them on the road and while working. Great taste. Burn well.
Bandidos,4 out of 5,Bandidos,Pleased with them although some were so loose with holes they could not be smoked. Wanted to order more but you won’t have them for awhile.
Bandidos,5 out of 5,can't beat it for a,can't beat it for a quick hitter
Bandidos,4 out of 5,Good for a quick smoke.,Good for a quick smoke. In joy the flavor of the cigar.
Bandidos,4 out of 5,Great Little Cigar,"I love the Bandidos for a short satisfying smoke while reading or enjoying a quick adult beverage on the deck. I am frustrated of late with the statement, ""Out of Stock"" or ""Delayed for 30 Days."" May check out other vendors."
Bandidos,4 out of 5,Love them,I love these little guys for a working in the yard or shop or best in the boat with a cold beer. A must have for me
Bandidos,5 out of 5,Bandidos,"Great quality, fast shipping"
Bandidos,5 out of 5,Great things in a small package,These little jewels are small and tasty and last just the right amount of time for a short break in the heat! Yes I live in Arizona nothing like a cold glass of iced tea and a stogie on the porch!
Bandidos,5 out of 5,The Best Buy for the,The Best Buy for the money
Bandidos,5 out of 5,"Smooth, just sweet enough, quick","Smooth, just sweet enough, quick and cheap."
Bandidos,4 out of 5,Good overall with a few issues,Generally a good 20 minute smoke. Rarely I will get a bundle that is harsh and sometimes rare cigars tend to canoe. Good draw and sweet taste.
Bandidos,5 out of 5,Love emmm!!!,Love emmm!!!
Bandidos,5 out of 5,Great fine,I spend most my time just chewing on them but they are a great smoke. Not the finest but keep in mind it a burning leaf in your mouth 😀
Bandidos,5 out of 5,cigar,good tasting cigar
Bandidos,4 out of 5,Good short smokes,Good short smokes
Bandidos,5 out of 5,How I like Bandidos,They are not real good looking but I enjoy their taste makes a nice 10 to 15 min break I really 😉
Bandidos,5 out of 5,Perfect little cigar,love these. I smoke a couple a day. Smooth and quick.
Bandidos,5 out of 5,they are good.,they are good.
Bandidos,5 out of 5,Quality,This product is awesome; the only issue I have is the uncertainty of the delivery since I have to find out the product is missing or lost while on transit after two weeks
Bandidos,5 out of 5,Great price,Great price
Bandidos,5 out of 5,My go to quick fix!,"Great smoke when you don't have a lot time. Yes, they're ugly, yes sometimes you get a clunker, but overall they're a great little knock around smoke. Perfect when doing yard work, or wrenching in the garage!"
Bandidos,5 out of 5,I don’t always have time,I don’t always have time to smoke a full size cigar. Bandidos are perfect for a 15- 20 minute smoke. Sweet and tasty!
Bandidos,5 out of 5,Just exactly what I like.,"The band deep roots are tough, mean little cigarillos that do not pack much of a punch, really. They are just what they are. Always smoke smooth, just the exact right amount of time and I'm coming home from work, pain or just right for what I want in a cigarillo. If you are all highfalutin, don't get the Bandido."
Bandidos,5 out of 5,Bandidos Smooth,I have always loved these. Perfect for a quick smoke. I received them within 2 days after I placed my order
Bandidos,5 out of 5,Often plugged by chunks of,"Often plugged by chunks of filler, making for uneven burn and difficult draw."
Bandidos,5 out of 5,nice,always a enjoy
Bandidos,5 out of 5,Bandidos,Really enjoy these cigars for a short smoke
Bandidos,5 out of 5,Small size. Big surprise...,"Bandidos hit the spot any time you need a few
minutes of uninterrupted pleasure..."
Bandidos,5 out of 5,My new go to gar,"I was a little hesitant to order these but figured for the price why not. These have rapidly become my go to gar of choice when I'm working in the yard or when pressed for time. They're slightly sweetened on the tips, burn evenly and have a nice light draw. Just try them already, you won't be sorry!!!"
Bandidos,4 out of 5,Great flavor excellent ring size,Great flavor excellent ring size
Bandidos,4 out of 5,Enjoyed,Tasty little stick. I enjoy this one while driving or during a short work break. This one is a 15-20mins smoke but packs plenty of flavor with a mild strength. Recommend it.
Bandidos,5 out of 5,Great little cigar,Great little cigar for a great price.
Bandidos,5 out of 5,Bandidos. Great little smoke,Great love them. All. I smoke.
Bandidos,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great quick smoke. Really enjoyable. Only complaint is I wish it lasted longer because the flavor is spot on. But love it anyway.
Bandidos,5 out of 5,Love 'em,I've tried several different cheroots. Hands down these are the best. Great for a quick smoke. Always satisfying.
Bandidos,5 out of 5,Bandidos,Great quick smoke!!!!
Bandidos,5 out of 5,Daily Go To,These are perfect for break time and when time is an issue. Pretty well made considering
Bandidos,4 out of 5,Decent quick smoke,Decent quick smoke
Bandidos,5 out of 5,Great 4x a day smoke,"Great smoke for what they are. Some can come a bit unwrapped, sloppy, but that's part of the charm. The flavors are amazing, nice earthy with a tad of sweetness. So glad I decided to try them out for an everyday (every few hours) smoke."
Bandidos,4 out of 5,Good Little Smoke,Bought these as a quick puff and they fit the bill perfectly. They are only a four because the sweet dissipates quickly. All in all they are great for the money.
Bandidos,5 out of 5,they are great cicars,they are great cicars
Bandidos,5 out of 5,Awesome!,Awesome!
Bandidos,5 out of 5,Excellent!,Excellent!
Bandidos,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,Loved the experience.
Bandidos,5 out of 5,Good banditos,"Nice and tight backwoods, Clint Eastwood style cigar. Great for having a quick cigar break"
Bandidos,5 out of 5,great little cigar at a,great little cigar at a awsome price
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,Awesome product,Great little cigarillo/cheroot for the money. Well worth it.
Bandidos Black,3 out of 5,Smaller... meh...,"Original Bandidos are bursting at the seams in the little burlap bag they come in... These Black n' Rich ones are not as plump and marginally shorter on average, so the bag is just sort of meh compared to the originals... Not impressed overall."
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,A very pleasant surprise.,"I'm not a fan of flavored cigars but the slight addition of sweetness gives this little gem another dimension of enjoyment. It's perfect for the afternoon coffee break. Strong but not harsh with good smoke volume. Decent construction, consistency and therefore good cost performance. Sure hope these stay in stock because I'll surely be back for more."
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,Great!,"These are great and for a small smoke deliver a lot of flavor. They aren’t neat but that makes them awesome. Looks like a stick for a pirate. Lighting them is easy, storing them is easy, and so is smoking them. Very well done."
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,Smooth class,Bandidos a relaxing moment in time. Very cool! Thank you!
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,Bandidos Black Dark,Great for when you don’t have time for a larger cigar. Taste great and very smooth. I make sure to always have them stocked up.
Bandidos Black,4 out of 5,Band idols,Band idols
Bandidos Black,3 out of 5,Just Enough,When you want a quiet moment it’s the perfect fit
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,"Yep, Outstanding","Great for a quick smoke, hard to get lately"
Bandidos Black,4 out of 5,A bit skinny and strong,A bit skinny and strong but a real nice smoke.
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,Cigars,Great smoking and chewing
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,nice short smoke,great cigar 4 the coin
Bandidos Black,4 out of 5,Good Alternative,"I like the Dark N Rich Banditos, second only to the Sweet and MIld Banditos which seem to be out of stock A LOT. Dark N Rich are a bit smaller in diameter, so different mouth feel. They ARE tasty little suckers"
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,Great cigar! Perfect everyday smoke.,Great cigar! Perfect everyday smoke.
Bandidos Black,3 out of 5,Ok while on the riding mower...,"I prefer the original Bandidos. These can be harsh and bitter plus almost everyone of them canoes. That said, these are way better than the box of La Aurora Principes I just bought. Those things are gross."
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,Very Nice.,"Nice smoke. Before these I did the Smooth and Sweet ones. I like both. For me it seemed like I got a quicker and harder buzz on these then the others, but that might be because I had a fast paced day today and finally sat down to relax. Seem fine to me. Good aroma."
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,Well Received Gift,I purchased these as a gift for a friend - they love them.
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,One of my new fav's,Great smoke! go's well with bourbon.
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,Rating,I have enjoyed them.
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,Love them,Very enjoyable! Sweet! Great 15min smoke!
Bandidos Black,4 out of 5,Tasty,Tasty
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,Great Flavor!,Very nice smoke with a depth of flavor I have rarely found in small cigarillos. Great for the golf course.
Bandidos Black,4 out of 5,Serves its purpose,"As advertised! A knockout with my ranch hat, could be in Clint Eastwood spaghetti western. Otherwise great 20 min smoke when sun peeks out just long enough during polar vortex."
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,look out humidor meet your new friend,i thought the other bandidos were good.s..t these r great hope u can keep them instock......
Bandidos Black,3 out of 5,sold smoke option for quick smoke,"Tried these for the first time...similar to the regular bandidos, quick smoke..ok give 3 stars"
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,Great little smokes!,Bought these to smoke while I do my chores. Perfect for that. Will order again when I get through these.
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,Nice Short Smoke,"A good little taster for a short golf-course veranda visit.,"
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,MORE FLAVOR,I like these better than the other brand of Bandidos...
Bandidos Black,3 out of 5,OK for the price,The Banditos are much harsher than what I expected. Tips are nicely flavored tho. I will finish the pack but will look for another product next time I want a quick cheroot
Bandidos Black,3 out of 5,Enjoyable quick smoke that wont,Enjoyable quick smoke that wont hurt your wallet. I would suggest if you like Backwoods this is a alternative that might become your go to for a cigar lover with little time.
Bandidos Black,4 out of 5,Good little smoke,Good little smoke
Bandidos Black,4 out of 5,Great little smoke,Great little smoke
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,Great 15minute smoke,Just tried these and love the flavor. Look bad taste great.
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,smooth and tasty,These bandido dark and rich satisfy every need that a regular smoker enjoys. The sweet taste and smooth aroma give me more than one could expect. Please don't tun out of my favorites.
Bandidos Black,4 out of 5,Nice,"Pretty sweet. Smooth. Gets a little bitey towards the end. Good quick, or working outside smoke"
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,Good,Good
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,Bandidos,Great Smoke
Bandidos Black,3 out of 5,Eh.......I'm sticking with the Original version.,"Not rolled as well as the originals. When they did smoke well, it was a good Lil stick. I am sticking with the Originals and just ordered a 2 fer."
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,Great Flavor,Nice and smooth
Bandidos Black,4 out of 5,Don't draw as well as standard bandidos.,They don't draw as well as standard bandidos.
Bandidos Black,4 out of 5,Bandidos - Dark and Rich,good smoke
Bandidos Black,4 out of 5,Nice,Nice
Bandidos Black,4 out of 5,Good but not as good as sweet and mild,Not as excited bout theses as the sweet and milds. A bit harsher and not rolled as well. Am a big bandido fan so will keep some in inventory when the others are on backorder which seems to be often
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,Dark and Delicious,"These little gem's are delicious got the sweetest taste I think these are sweeter than the mild and sweet,perfect burn and all kinds of flavor."
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,Bandidos Black,Not as strong as the original but I like them. I'm ordering more.
Bandidos Black,3 out of 5,"Good flavor, hard draw","These are just as good as their predecessor in flavor. My only issue is most are rolled way too tightly. Out of about a dozen so far, 75% are hard to get a draw on and require some fenessing to be good. That’s the only reason I’m giving it 3/5."
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,Bandidos Dark n' Rich,"A little pricey for what they are, but a pretty good smoke overall. Just a bit sweeter than Bandidos smooth n' sweet"
Bandidos Black,1 out of 5,Not for me...,"Although I bought a few bundles of these since the regular bandidos were out of stock I will not purchase again... I'm smoking on my first bundle but they have an off putting taste, especially about half way thru the cigar... I have more loose tobacco in my mouth than any other brand I have smoked... You might try a bundle to see if you like the taste but I was disappointed in these..."
Bandidos Black,4 out of 5,Okay,"Don't see much difference from the regulars. Still, a good quick smoke at a fair price. I'll probably stick with the regs."
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,Dark n' Rich,These little guys are great tasting quick smokes. Perfect for when you don't have time for a long smoke and still want a lot of flavor. Great price as well!
Belstaff Bond,5 out of 5,Very Enjoyable,Belstaf is becoming one of my favorites! Great flavor all the way to the end with a very firm wrap.
Belstaff Bond,5 out of 5,My new favorite!,Great flavor and an excellent long lasting smoke! Has a really nice aroma and is surprisingly mild.
Belstaff Bond,5 out of 5,Belstaff Bond Robusto,"Great cigar,I just received my second box."
Belstaff Bond,3 out of 5,Good short smoke,"This is a good smoke, nice mild taste. Enjoy it!"
Belstaff Bond,5 out of 5,Belstaff Robusto,"Terrific smoke, easy and consistent draw, nice construction."
Belstaff Bond,5 out of 5,Belstaff robusto,"Good golf course cigar, nice construction, a bit bitey at times but not bad. Great lighter with the deal!"
Belstaff Bond,4 out of 5,A favorable flavor,"This cigar has a very good flavor. But the burn requires constant attention. They have a tendency to go out a little too easily. Aside from that detail, it's worth the price. The flavor is consistant."
BG Meyer Gigantes,4 out of 5,BG Meyer Gigantes 54,I have been smoking this cigar for a while and it has been very consistent with the flavor and construction. The flavors are very unique. Try find r yourself
BG Meyer Gigantes,5 out of 5,Great right out of the,Great right out of the box good even draw
BG Meyer Gigantes,5 out of 5,BG Meyer Excellent,A great cigar. Even taste and burn.
BG Meyer Gigantes,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,Excellent cigar
BG Meyer Gigantes,5 out of 5,Great taste. Very good draw.,Great taste. Very good draw. Nice ash. Good burn. Overall a very good stick.
BG Meyer Gigantes,4 out of 5,"Nice, full bodied cigar. Good","Nice, full bodied cigar. Good value."
BG Meyer Gigantes,4 out of 5,great taste,pleasantly surprised what a taste!
BG Meyer Gigantes,5 out of 5,These won't be around forever...heard,These won't be around forever...heard the blend just didn't have the impact the company hoped - get'em and smoke them while you can (balanced full flavored - A+ addition to your humidor)
BG Meyer Gigantes,5 out of 5,My faves so far,Boom!
BG Meyer Gigantes,4 out of 5,Good smooth medium body,Starts out smooth and stays that way to the end. Light leather nuance to the nose and mild wood flavor.
BG Meyer Gigantes,5 out of 5,Awesome smoke all the way,Awesome smoke all the way to the nub! Will definitely order more of these!
BG Meyer Gigantes,5 out of 5,Would buy again!,Would buy again!
BG Meyer Gigantes,4 out of 5,A favorite smoke,"This has become my ‘go to’ for the golf course, camping 🏕 and the hot tub."
BG Meyer Gigantes,5 out of 5,Great smokes!,I wish I would have tried them sooner!
BG Meyer Gigantes,5 out of 5,Good smoke,"Good price, Good taste"
BG Meyer Gigantes,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,"Nice smooth cigar with a good burn. Very similar to my other favorite, Sitka Signatures which are no longer available at CI."
BG Meyer Gigantes,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
BG Meyer Gigantes,5 out of 5,BG Meyer Gigantes,"My husband thinks these are the best cigars he has smoked in a while, second time I have bought for him."
BG Meyer Gigantes,3 out of 5,Good,Good
BG Meyer Gigantes,5 out of 5,Equal to or better than anything else I've had,"These are now a regular for me, as my ""treat"" cigar. These are equal to or better than anything else I have ever had."
BG Meyer Gigantes,5 out of 5,"High quality, well constructed, flavorful cigar.","High quality, well constructed, flavorful cigar."
BG Meyer Gigantes,5 out of 5,I made a huge mistake.,"I only bought one box.
From the get go this little robusto produced copious quantities of delicious smoke. I had no idea they would be this good. Good looking with a prefect burn. I will buy more. If they go on sale again I will buy two boxes"
BG Meyer Gigantes,4 out of 5,BG MEYER 56,"Well rolled, good flavor, good smoke"
BG Meyer Gigantes,5 out of 5,Pmg,Very good smoke full body with a good price
BG Meyer Gigantes,5 out of 5,Magnificant Gigante Cali,"I bought a box of 20 of the 5 X 54 and have now had them in the humidor for three weeks. Tried one today. Wow!!
Plenty of smoke from start to finish. A hearty but mellowed tobacco flavor. Just a strong great smoke. It was a thumb burner. Did not want to put it down. I will buy ot again!!"
BG Meyer Gigantes,5 out of 5,A great cigar in a cool box!,I ordered a box of these on sale and all I can say is I should ahve ordered 3 or 4 boxes. I have picked up other BG Meyer cigars on deals and every one was a excellent smoke. Well made with a sharp burn and excellent smoke.
BG Meyer Gigantes,5 out of 5,Great little smoke,Great little smoke
BG Meyer Gigantes,5 out of 5,Best place to buy Cigars,I aways have fast and grate service with everyone at CI and fast delivery. thanks again Cody.
BG Meyer Gigantes,5 out of 5,New smokes,"Always like trying something different, this time it was the BG Meyer Gigantes. Was definitely not disappointed!!"
Big Papi by David Ortiz,5 out of 5,Mr. David Ortiz,Great weekend golfing with big papi cigars...
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,I loved them,I loved them
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,great,great
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,Black and Mild Wine flavored wood tipped,"First, it's been difficult finding this flavor in quantity. Fortunately, CI had these in stock. These are my wife's brand and she shares them with her girlfriends. We received them quickly and all were fine. Will be ordering again."
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,Black & Mild,Love Cigar International. Fast service & always fresh inventory.
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,Always get in a timely,Always get in a timely matter thank you
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,Mild Jazz,Smooth & pleasant aroma
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,Black&Mild,"My husband loves these cigars, and I personally LOVE the aroma and a lot of nonsmokers also like the aroma and don't find them offensive."
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,Cigar on hand !!!,"Great on time delivery , continue to strive better"
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,Black and mild wine,great
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,Enjoying,"I like the black & Mild wood tips, I've tried others but go back. A little pricey but still ok"
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,"bought them for my wife,","bought them for my wife, she loves them"
Black & Mild,4 out of 5,Good taste for a quick,Good taste for a quick smoke
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,Very excellent taste,Very excellent taste
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,Good price.,Good price.
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,Great for the price,"Smooth, and long lasting"
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,Great for the price,The best deal ever.
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,A quick treat.,"Tasty, flavorful and satisfying. A quick alternative to a slow smoke. Not too obtrusive in mixed company as the aroma pleases most people who normally object to strong tobacco odor. This cigarillo actually is quite aromatic."
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,The best,Love it!!
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,Fresh,Fresh
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,Best,Best
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,good,Taste good
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,gold and mild,"great cigar. women say they smell like there grandfather pipe. Little hot near the end, but good for 90%"
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,I am a smoker. I,I am a smoker. I enjoy the opportunity to shop without go to town.
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,Middleton wine,Great cigars. Love them!!
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,Middleton wine cigars,They are great
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,Great taste,My husband loves the flavor.
Black & Mild,4 out of 5,Good smooth tasty smoke,Good smooth tasty smoke
Black & Mild,3 out of 5,"Not bad, not my favourites","Not bad, not my favourites"
Black & Mild,4 out of 5,Good Value,Good value for the occasional user with smooth pipe tobacco flavor.
Black & Mild,4 out of 5,Satisfied,Satisfied
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,The best!!!!,They are the best blacks!!!
Black & Mild,4 out of 5,Shipping improved.,Shipping improved.
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,it was great I will,it was great I will order again.
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,Wood tip Black and Mild,"Great little cigar for the times you can’t take to enjoy a full smoke. Easy draw, pipe tobacco is great for a quick smoke."
Black & Mild,3 out of 5,Condor 4.25 inch,it was ok
Black & Mild,4 out of 5,"Black and mild,wine",Smooth taste pleasantly surprised
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,Great,Great!
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,Great,Great taste and great price.
Black & Mild,4 out of 5,Black n mild,"I like to burn one of these during the day, it satisfies my need for a quick smoke and never offends people around me, in fact they really like the pipe tobacco aroma. Can't beat the deal from CI,!!"
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,B & M Jazz,Love the smell and taste
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,LOVE BLACK AND MILDS ORIGINAL CIGARS!,These cigars are very smooth and everyone seems to like them. Even those who smoke cigarettes will ask to bum a B&M.
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,Black and mild,Good daily smokes keep the price low.
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,smooth and tastey,Inexpensive small cigar with rich taste and smooth.
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,KC,All is good.
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,Black and mild,Excellent smoke
Black & Mild,4 out of 5,Black and Mild review,Great little cigar if you want a smoke after a meal or a quick smoke anytime.
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,Black &Mild Wine Wood Tip,"They are a great little cigars. The wine wood tip, are liked by all. Need to order more. Every one likes a small cigar. Great at parties."
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,Middleton Black & Mild,I've been smoking Black & Mild for a long time.Tried other brands over the years but always went back.I love the aroma and flavor.Wish you would go back to the 4 unit discount price.Hope you continue to carry this brand.
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,Awesome service,Received my items on time and in perfect condition
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,BLACK & MILD CHERRY,*****
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,"Really like the cigars, but","Really like the cigars, but shipping cost and tax add 25% to bill. Everything goes up except my paycheck !"
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"Great little cigar, pleasant aroma."
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Good cigar,"Thank you for fast shipment , but I still didn't get my refund from the fist order I didn't get Thank you for being a good company John A."
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Good price and fast delivery.,Good price and fast delivery.
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Best deal,"These are by far the best deal I have found on cigarillos, thanks"
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Good tipped cigar,Seller corrected error in initial USPS delivery and then product received in timely manner.
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Always happy with orders,I know the cigar's are not the big expensive ones but it's what I like and CI always has them and for the best price. Thanks
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Excelent,Very nice cigar
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Owner/Operator,there outstanding
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Love 'em. Keep a pack handy at all times.,"Great daily, while you're working, tinkering or just hanging out smoke. I like the flavor and the aroma of these Blackstone Cigarillos. They're also the first smoke that my wife didn't have loud objections to. This 100 pack is an awesome money saver. I am re-ordering now. And, this will probably be my favorite smoke (aside from the times when I really want one of my more expensive Churchills and some brandy."
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Great Cigarillo,The pipe tobacco gives it a nice smooth flavor easy to smoke
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Not Bad,Good value
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Good flavor,My cigar of choice
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Goodcigars,Goodcigars
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,👍,👍
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,They are a fine cigar,They are a fine cigar for my husband
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,WE LIKE THEM,wWE REALLY LIKE THESE!
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,My Husbands favorite.,We order them monthly great price and service.
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Amazing product,"I have been smoking these for years. Smooth taste, sugary tip, mild. Sometimes you get the occasionally broken cigarillo but other than that, great product."
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Try These,Great Cigarillos
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Cigars,"Great value, for a smoothe smoke!"
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,black stone,There outstanding for short term smoking.
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Great mini cigar at a,Great mini cigar at a great price. Thanks
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Late delivery,Ordered on may 25. This is June 3. Have not received my order.
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,SATISFIED CUSTOMER,Thanks for the many choices of quality products
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,BLACKSTONE CHERRY TIP CIGARILLOS,"THEY ARE GOOD TIP CIGARILLOS FOR MALE OR FEMALES TO SMOKE!
THEY GO OUT IF YOU LAY THEM DOWN IN AN ASHTRAY!
THEY BURN SLOW! THEY DON'T TASTE BAD!"
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Cigar,Vero good service from you.
Blackstone Cigars,4 out of 5,Blackstone Cherry,"Vacationing in Florida, a little slow on delivery. Besides that, it is all good."
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Not what you think,Simple old school cigar
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Nice.,I like them very much. Always good qulity.
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Tasty,Gotta Have 'em.
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Great little cigar,Been smoking these for years as when I smoke one people around me love the smell of them and don't ask me to put it out. I smoke them in my house and they don't stink it up like other cigars or cigarettes do. Great little mild cigar.
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Fast delivery. Good price.,Fast delivery. Good price.
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,A mild cigar,"This cigar has proven to be a mild and non aggressive smoke I have ever experienced.
I gave up smoking cigarettes years ago and started to smoke BLACK STONE CHERRY, IT PROVED TO BE gentle and did not effect my voice its aromatic smell is well received by all who smells it and leaves no lingering foul odor.
I am making an order now."
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,cigars,I purchase these cigars for my husband he enjoys them he has been smoking theses for years I just hate paying for shipping but what do you do!! 5 star
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Cigars,I like the cigars very much ch
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Everything was just fine,Everything was just fine
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Blackstone cherry,smooooooooth.
Blackstone Cigars,4 out of 5,Good taste and aroma,Good taste and aroma
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Blackstone Cherry Tips,I buy this a lot for my friend that is a veteran. He was told by his doctor that these were the best for his health if he was going to continue smoking.
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Blackstone cigars,Very mild cigar great price
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,really enjoy,really enjoy
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Cigars for wife,She loves the cherry flavor cigars and a drink in the evening on the deck weather permitting.
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,A pleasure to do business,A pleasure to do business with. Cheap prices
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Perfect!,Love the cherry flavor and with super fast shipping along with low prices you can't beat it!!
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Repeat Customer,"I have ordered from this company a few times now and have never been disappointed with the quality of the cigars or the fast shipping. The cigars are fresh, packed and arrive without breaks or any delay. Will continue to order."
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Great value,Great value
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Perfect cigar for pipe smokers,These are the perfect cigars for pipe smokers that want a no hassle smoke away from home.
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Casino,You can smoke them in certain casinos in Florida and not cigars
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,BRM,"Great taste, very affordable, perfect size if you don’t have 45 minutes to smoke a cigar."
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,blood red moon,"great price for a great cigar. good draw ,I will be ordering them again."
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,In the morning,"I've been looking for a nice breakfast cigar for a while, I ordered these a month ago and I am enjoying the first one right now it's 6 in the morning. I like a little bit of strength but nothing too overpowering this early in the morning these are perfect that's all there is to say the right size the right amount of flavor great cigar thank you. I will be reordering"
Blood Red Moon,4 out of 5,Short but smooth,Good small cigar for the money!
Blood Red Moon,4 out of 5,Blood Red Moon - Good Small Cigar,"Great for a small size cigar, flavor was very good, nice aroma,the burn was perfect and for a smaller cigar, it lasted quite a long time."
Blood Red Moon,4 out of 5,Connecticut,"Great taste, but burns unequally too frequently, and sometimes wrapped too tightly."
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,great lilltle smoke,nice smoke for the cold days your outside.
Blood Red Moon,4 out of 5,Small size big flavor,I have been looking for a smaller but flavorful Nicaragua cigar. I think I have found one.
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,Great cigars,Great cigars
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,Better than I expected...,These would be good even at a higher price. The maduro may be my new favorite cigar.
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,A Nice Quick Smoke!,"These Blood Red Moon's are a great, quick, and satisfying smoke!"
Blood Red Moon,4 out of 5,Good little smoke,Bought these for my wife but I like them also
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,A real gem,"These little cigars are a great, quick, and tasty smoke."
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,Small and delicious,Great for when I don't have much time for a long smoke
Blood Red Moon,4 out of 5,They are real good at,They are real good at the start towards the end they get a little harsh
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,Great small,Good smoke when time is precious.
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,Nice tasting cigar,Like the taste of this cigar. Good when a short smoke is needed
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,little with big flAVOR,A VERY NICE EASY CIGAR TO SMAOKE.
Blood Red Moon,4 out of 5,Blood Red Moon,Nice even burn and a nice flavor without being to strong. Good evening cigar to relax.
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,Good things in a small package!,I purchased the maduro packs and was pleasantly surprised. I had been trying different smaller cigars to smoke when I go traveling and haven’t long for a smoke…none fit the bill…either too short a smoke of they got clogged easily. This cigar fit the bill…just long enough and smoked perfectly!
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,Great shorty.,"I usually don't go for small cigars, but sometimes I don't have an hour or the weather isn't the best. These are perfect to break out in those times. I first had a five pack as a freebie from CI, but came back to buy a pack later when the weather turned cold."
Blood Red Moon,4 out of 5,Great small cigar,Great small cigar
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,Blood Red Moon Habano,"A nice mini perfecto. Great construction,beautiful draw and great flavor. Perfect when you don't have a lot of time. Would buy again."
Blood Red Moon,3 out of 5,Not Terrible,I bought this to have an inexpensive smoke for the winter time when i don't want to be outside for extended periods. It's not a terrible smoke but it has a peculiar taste. It's constructed well but not sure I'm a huge fan of the taste. I'm not sorry I bought them but I'm not sure i will buy them again. We will see how they taste after they have had a long humi-nap.
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,Cult Blood Red Moon,Very good affordable cigar. Nice tasty half hour smoke in the mini corona. Perfect for tundra winters.
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,"Very Good Smoke, Very Good Price",I have had a couple that were tight / blocked but over all I like then a lot. Have reordered and will again when these are done.
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,Purchase of blood red moon perfecto,Thanks for the order. The cigars were top notch. Thanks again Kevin
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,Great small smoke,Great small smoke
Blood Red Moon,4 out of 5,Enjoyable quick smoke,Had 2 so far better than I expected. Nice for when you don't have a lot of time.
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,Fast and GREAT Service!!!,Exceeded my expectations. I will most defiantly be buying again!
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,Tasty!,Tasty!
Blood Red Moon,4 out of 5,A little to hot.,It does have a maduro taste and starts well but it gets to hot to finish.
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,Love the peppery taste.,Love the peppery taste.
Blood Red Moon,3 out of 5,"Woody,earthy and a hint of","Woody,earthy and a hint of sweetness. One dimensional."
Blood Red Moon,3 out of 5,ok but I'll keep looking,"I was looking for a good lawnmower smoke. The construction quality, and draw were perfect however it did not burn very well and went out about 1/3 way through. Taste also also became harsh early."
Blood Red Moon,4 out of 5,"Good smoke, mostly.","Really enjoy these for a quick (30-40 minute) smoke. The maduro has good, not overwhelming flavor. My only disappointment is in the inconsistent roll, with some packed so tight it's nearly impossible to enjoy. Still, I'll buy these again when they're on sale and overlook the occasional tight wrap."
Blood Red Moon,1 out of 5,I've had better,I was looking for a shorter smoke and thought I would try the Corona. Very little flavor. A number of burn issues. I only bought a five pack and I am glad I did. Would not buy these again.
Blood Red Moon,1 out of 5,Disappointed,"Didn't expect a lot. I knew it was a cheap stick , but it was really bad."
Blood Red Moon,2 out of 5,Other,I much preferred the figurados to the mini coronas.
Blood Red Moon,1 out of 5,Not Good,"I have tied and enjoyed other selections from Cult Cigars, but found no redeeming qualities to Blood Red Moon."
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,Very good I would order again,"I am fairly new to cigars and would occasionally smoke a Macanuda. I found the Blood Red Moon to be full of flavor and a real joy to smoke. The gauge and length were perfect for a half hour smoke, which is about the most my wife will put up with."
Blood Red Moon,4 out of 5,MILD-MEDIUM BODY,"I was expecting an intense spicy, and red pepper bomb. Well, that didn't happen. I was disappointed at first, but the second and third sticks I smoked, I appreciated it more for what it is. A mild-medium body, with mild to medium strength. The primary flavor is red pepper spice, but its not super strong, other flavors of mature tobacco, cashew nut, and a light subtle leather on the finish.
If what I described is what you are in the mood for, then give these a go.
I think this cigar is a good choice for a new, or casual cigar smoker, or someone interested in the lighter side with a little spice kick."
Blood Red Moon,2 out of 5,Not As Good As Advertised,I bought two boxes of these (10 cigars) and will not buy any more...two of them had almost no draw. Several of them got too hot to hold (only half-way down!). The taste wasn't too bad if you discount the harshness.
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,Awesome smoke!,"I love these little gems. Probably one of the best 1/2 hour smoke I have ever tried. I will definitely buy and smoke these in the future. Plus, CI is the bomb, I love you guys and gals that work there. Keep up the fantastic job."
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,A Good Little Cigar,"Small, robust, and even smoking all the way down."
Blood Red Moon,4 out of 5,Strange Name but Good Cigar,"Mild with a slight spice. Nice quality stick, and burns well. Can last up to an hour (if you enjoy it and happen to be locked in conversation about who will win the game). I still don't get the name...."
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,Great small cigar.,Great small cigar.
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,Delicious Little Cigar,This is a favorite of mine for kicking off the night.
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,I want more!!!!!!,"Perfect if you like flavor, these are perfect for an after dinner chat with the family!!!"
Blood Red Moon,3 out of 5,Small cigar with a big punch,These cigars have a ton of flavor
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,Smooth with no after taste,Smooth with no after taste
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Best Cigar for the cost,"I used to get Jose Llopis, another panamanian cigar from cuban seed. However, that was before they sold the plantation. The B2 is the best full bodied cigar you'll get outside of Cuba and better than many Cubans I've had. Worth far more than you pay for them, B2s are the rare gem true smokers look for."
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,B2 Blue Label,Good tasty smoke. Good construction and burn.
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Always good,Best deal available
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Blue Label B2,"For the price, it may be the best cigar in your catalog."
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,My everyday cigar,"These are my go-to everyday cigar and they are awesome... out on the brush hog, or doing some trenching... great cigar and not so heavy I can't function. And I am not heart broken if I have to walk about from 25% due to working circumstances.... buy it all the time."
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,Not terrible,"These are good for ""bulk"" smoke, but they are getting more expensive"
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,CUBAN BLUE WHEEL,EXCELLENT SMOKE. NO COMPLAINTS.
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,this is my go to,this is my go to knock around gar
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,1 out of 5,Extremely hard draw use the,Extremely hard draw use the draw poker and it’s still hard to draw threw 3 away so far
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,I will definitely buy these,I will definitely buy these again.
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,3 out of 5,Eh,Nothing more than an OK everyday smoke. Good enough to give to give friends.....but not your best friends.
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Holy Smokes,Best value in the catalog
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,Good Stick,"Not a bad smoke, has some hints of leather and spice, medium to strong body depending on the stick . Overall enjoyable, will by again."
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,A good everyday cigar,An everyday smoke. A good burn and tasty.
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Fore the price good smoke,My every day smoke Have smoked for years
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,Good Everyday Cigar after a humi nap,A little mild for my taste. Tried one when they arrived. Not Good! Waited two weeks in 75% humi I use to moisten everyday cigars and they are Very Good Everyday cigars. I suspect that the longer you left them in a humi the better. I got them to be everyday cigars and am satisfied with construction.
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Incredible,Great taste and good burn
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,3 out of 5,Easy way to go.,This may become my go to cigar for the golf course. Lasts seven holes which is great. Good flavor and easy draw.
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Great Value,These are a great every day smoke. Nice medium body and you can''t beat the price for a humidor filling 30 cigars.
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,Outstanding everyday smoke,I have purchased this many times and have always been satisfied. Great taste and even better price.
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,BL/Chba Ncrgn,Gr8 deal as alwys.
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,3 out of 5,Blue Label,"Sometimes you feel Blue because they unravel..... but when they stay intact, they are good"
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,loyal customer,good smoke starting to get a little pricey
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,3 out of 5,"Good value, Good smokes...","They're not Brick House, but then they don't cost eight bucks a stick. Very good smoke, but do remember to draw on them slowly or they will run."
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,2 out of 5,Ehhhhhhhhh,"Not a bad tasting cigar, BUT they all have ""holes"" throughout the length of the cigar. I've ordered the wheels before and never had a problem. I deal with this because of the price and it's a knockoff cigar. Can't win them all."
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,3 out of 5,DHD from Pa,"OK , good draw not as good as the regular Blue Labels"
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,2 out of 5,Blue label,So i ordered these cigars qs are litle cheaper smoke to have when out doing outdoor qctivites.. i must say you get what you pay for and i was not impressed from these uneven burn on the cigar or as it may start tunnleing on you . Overall i do not recomend these cigars for ordered.
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,stugotsy,"like the service like the cigars, didnt like ther price this time,"
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,A very good smoke.,This a serious cigar. You have to put these in a quality humidor and let them sit. The critics of an uneven burn etc...probably did not.
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,3 out of 5,Not for me.,A little bitter. Burns uneven and too fast. I will not buy again.
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,great smoke,"Not necessarily the best that CI has to offer, but differently my go to everyday smoke. Smoke well with a heavy peeper accent. For best smoke let it rest for a couple weeks in the humidor"
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,1 out of 5,flavorless cigar no worth your money,flavorless not worth your time smoking. aged them for months. sorry excuse for a cigar
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Always a staple,"Originally purchased this cigar as a golf smoke, cheap and decent. What happened is they end up as one to look for in the humidor. I make sure to keep this smoke on hand."
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,1 out of 5,Don't waste your time or money.,If I could remove the one star and give this none I would. I'm not usually one to give reviews but I had to comment on how bad these are. Don't waste your money. They are so loosely rolled that you have to squeeze them just to get a draw. First time I have gotten anything this bad from CI. Still my favorite cigar site but never will buy these again.
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,B2 Cuban Wheels Robusto,good everyday cigar with easy draw and fine taste.
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Blue label Cuban,"Great smoke, a must try. You will love the way it burns,even and large ash, b/4 you flip it"
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,3 out of 5,Average. Uneven burn on some.,Quite a few uneven burns. Flavor is in though. Price OK.
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,anytime anywhere,great anytime smoke
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,3 out of 5,Burns fast,"Not bad... good aroma, lightly rolled and burns fast."
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Zero complaints,"Good burn and taste, thoroughly enjoyable. I was surprised to see any negative reviews, but to each his own I guess. I'm ordering more."
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Great cigars,"Great cigars. I have been trying these for a few years and they are great cigars with a great price, even with the new labels. Try em."
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,2 out of 5,ok for the price,"They were just ok, nothing great."
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,stogies,"love the double toro, taste is great, blue label a bit dry & don't burn evenly"
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,cigar smoker,good cigar for the value
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,2 out of 5,Don't think I'll get a second time,Based on the first one I smoked this would get no stars. I am letting the others sit in the humidor for a month or so.
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,3 out of 5,blue label,good cigar for the money
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,3 out of 5,Not bad,"A decent daily smoker, good price, pretty good taste. Worst thing is an uneven burn is pretty common."
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,Good smoke,"Good value. Mostly leather and tobacco with spice and power at the end, medium body. Good draw with a few touch ups."
Bold by Nish Patel,5 out of 5,GREAT. Excellent draw & burn. One of my top 5.,Excellent construction. Tobacco one of the best constructed Cigars’s. You will enjoy.
Bold by Nish Patel,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"Excellent job Nish,the construction and burn are excellent. The draw and smoke is perfect. Nice med-full body.I'll be back for more."
Bold by Nish Patel,5 out of 5,One of my Favorites,"The Rocky Patel Bold's are by far my favorite cigar for the price and quality. When I order them, I have to get a few packages at a time because they can be backordered."
Bolivar,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Lots of flavor. Easy draw. Just a real pleasure to smoke.
Bolivar,5 out of 5,Superb cigar! burns great! I wish I bought more!,Superb cigar! burns great! I wish I bought more!
Bolivar,5 out of 5,Bolivar,It's my go-to cigar.
Bolivar,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Very smooth. Full flavored easy draw
Bolivar,5 out of 5,Black and beautiful,"Although it’s nothing like a Cuban bolivar, it is very good. It is very dark and oily, and beautiful construction. It has A very earthy, oak like, and unsweetened dark chocolate flavor. Not unlike a partagas black label. Love it"
Bolivar,5 out of 5,good cigar,"good flavor and taste great, smokes well."
Bolivar,4 out of 5,Bolivard,Bolivard
Bolivar,4 out of 5,Bolivar Gianti,"Unlit the cigar has the Aromas of eucalyptus , loam and forest floor. When lit the flavors of the Aromas continue combined with burning Hickory. The construction of the cigar is extremely good. It burns very evenly, somewhat of a feat given the size of it."
Bolivar,5 out of 5,The Star of the Show,"This year marked the 10th Holy Smoke at Enders Island. An event created by Father Tom, Ed McCabe myself drew 135 people at our Reserva I and this year we had 436! At the Reserva X I introduced the Enders Island Cigar Club, a pre-event for 15 at which I served The Star of the Show. This Bolivar knocked people’s socks off, and at an event where the Cigar Sponsor brought in 5 different premium cigars there were people that were not “in the club” wanting to buy them from me.
A new favorite among the group. Outstanding."
Bolivar,5 out of 5,"Arrive timely, great service, and","Arrive timely, great service, and an excellent cigar!"
Bolivar,5 out of 5,BEST CIGARS EVER!!!,Best cigars ever!! My favorite cigars of all time
Bolivar,4 out of 5,Bolivar Robusto Crystal (tubos),The overall construction was good but a bit tight on the draw.
Bolivar,5 out of 5,Bolivar,"This cigar is terrific, but i am a big Bolivar fan."
Bolivar,5 out of 5,BOLIVAR ROBUSTO TUBOS,"These are fine cigars at a reasonable price. I like that they are packed in the glass tubes. Always a smooth, even-burning smoke right down to the end."
Bolivar,5 out of 5,Bolivar always a favorite.,"I cannot say enough about all of the bolivar cigars, always a favorite of mine, never miss a beat on them. Continual even smoke throughout, great flavor, burns slow and holds everything you would want in a heater ! A must have."
Bolivar,5 out of 5,A Great Cigar,Really enjoy these - a great smoke from start to finish!
Bolivar,1 out of 5,disappointing,"Far, far from its Cuban namesake. I found it to be somewhat bitter and tasted of immature tobacco. The overall construction was good but a bit tight on the draw. Unlike a quality cigar I found there to be thick, hard leaf stems throughout that caused visible bumps on the surface, like warts on a pickle. Don't think I would smoke another one if it was given to me. I've had better bundle/discount cigars"
Bolivar,4 out of 5,Well worth it,Nice consistent flavor. Kind of a rough feel but great savory scent to them. Really liked them. Some burned a bit off. But always a great CI deal!
Bolivar,4 out of 5,Bolivar still a hero,Great puro...too bad 8 tubo boxes are not available. It always on my humidor right by my la gloria cubana black serie .
Bolivar,4 out of 5,Cool and alright,"all is good no biggy, Thanks Cigar International."
Bolivar,3 out of 5,Not as good as the,"Not as good as the price indicates. Uneven burning, definitely mild."
Bolivar,5 out of 5,..i will order again as soon they are available.,wow what a cigar !!
Bolivar,4 out of 5,Bolivar gigante..,Wow..what a tasty cigar..beautiful color..i will order again.
Bolivar,3 out of 5,decent cigar,"Not bad, a bit too long for my tastes but decent flavor. The draw can be a bit tight, burn was good."
Bolivar,5 out of 5,Highly satisfied,No problems. Quick and easier offering experience; fast delivery of quality products. I'm certainly buying my cigars here again!!!
Bolivar,5 out of 5,I Love This Cigar,"One of my favorites. Well constructed, smooth draw, good smoke and tasty. This one should be in your humidor."
Bolivar,5 out of 5,MHS from the home of cigars in Tampa,"Every time I smoke a Bolivar I wonder why I smoke anything else. The Bolivar Robusto Crystal is exactly what a cigar should taste and smell like. Smooth, rich and alluring, it is a must try by all cigar enthusiasts."
Bolivar,5 out of 5,Bolivar cigars,I enjoyed the Bolivar cigars. They have a great flavor without being overpowering. I would recommend this cigar to others.
Bolivar,4 out of 5,Welcome Back Bolivar,"Used to love the Cuban Bolivar's - the domestic version, not so much. Happened across the re-branded version at a cigar bar in PDX recently (it was one of the few decently priced offerings) and was surprised by the smooth, even burning smoke. So much in fact, that I bought a box. The box didn't disappoint and I was able to impress some of my cigar smoking friends with the redeaux. On my list of favorites now."
Bolivar,5 out of 5,Bolivar Churchill,good smoke.
Bolivar,5 out of 5,Just Good Tobacco Flavor!!,"This is not an over- blended, boutique cigar. All Honduran tobacco, nice looking, good construction, good burn and medium draw. You can nub it but you have to take it easy at the end. This cigar could be included in a 10 cigar sampler with: Relic (great), Sancho Panza, San Lotano Habano (not oval) and CAO Extreme. Good tobacco flavor for tobacco lovers!!"
Bolivar Cofradia,5 out of 5,My husband and sons enjoyed,My husband and sons enjoyed them
Bolivar Heritage Series,5 out of 5,great cigar,one of my go to sticks
Bolivar Heritage Series,4 out of 5,"Good, not great!","Good, not great!"
Bolivar Heritage Series,5 out of 5,Bolivar Heritage Series 550,Very flavorful and rich cigar.
Bolivar Heritage Series,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Bolivar Heritage Series,5 out of 5,Search for the perfect Cigar is over,"Gents,
There are no words to describe this cigar but I'll do my best. My search for the perfect Cigar is over. Beautifully wrapped with a pigtail and a shaggy foot, this beauty hits like a champ, the easiest draw of any cigar I've ever smoked. Full volume of rich layed black tobacco smoke. I'm afraid to praise it too much in fear of it becoming scarce."
Bolivar Heritage Series,5 out of 5,Search for the perfect Cigar is over,"Gents,
There are no words to describe this cigar but I'll do my best. My search for the perfect Cigar is over. Beautifully wrapped with a pigtail and a shaggy foot, this beauty hits line a champ, the easiest draw of any cigar I've ever smoked. Full volume of rich layed black tobacco smoke. I'm afraid to praise it too much in fear of too many trying it and then it becomes scarce."
Boss Classic,5 out of 5,Boss is Best,Awesome Cigar
Boss Classic,5 out of 5,boss is boss,a great cigar very smooth from start to finish will be a constant in my humidor
Boss Classic,4 out of 5,Too much spice for me!,"Too much spice for me!
I am in tothe tobacco flavor myself.
Great draw and construction however!"
Boss Classic,2 out of 5,Taste,Not a very good tasting smoke. The aroma not that pleasant.
Boss Classic,5 out of 5,Premium smoke surprisingly affordable.,"A friend gave a me a Classic Robusto last weekend and I really like it. Being an occasional smoker I prefer medium body but still like to get a full flavor experience. Getting both in is often a hit or miss - unless you are willing to spend a fortune. Not with the Classic. Besides the rich flavor - the cigar is beautifully made, burning well all way round. For my taste this is a premium taste experience and all that at an affordable price - much lower than expected for this quality. I will definitely get a couple more sticks."
Boss Classic,5 out of 5,Not an ordinary cigar,"This was my first ""Boss"" cigar ever - and knowing that this blend was created by well-known Kelner Jr's boutique factory I had high expectations. And I was not disappointed. I liked the medium body, smooth taste and rich aroma. Even burn and balanced taste throughout the full hour of smoking the Robusto. Besides tasting well - the label and box are looking great too. A premium cigar - and I will certainly get a couple more."
Boss Classic,5 out of 5,Fantastic Cigar,Best cigar I ever smoked. I bought a box a week ago and so far I smoked 9 cigars. Each one better than the last. I also found out that this cigar was blended by Hankie. I would definitely recommend this cigar for any smoker.
Boss Classic,1 out of 5,Not A Boss,"I smoke this cigar when it first came out. It's a weak cigar and lacks flavor. Yes it's packaged like a Ferari but it smokes like a Hyundai. It's not the real Boss. It's more like the Boss,s assistant. It will never be the Boss."
Boutique Blends La Boheme,5 out of 5,Sublime,"The best cigar I've ever smoked. Perfect draw, great burn, and flavor and complexity for days. Expensive yes. Worth it? Absolutely."
Boutique Blends La Boheme,5 out of 5,very good,very good
Boutique Blends La Boheme,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Nice smoked good tasted good some a little bitter
Boutique Blends La Boheme,5 out of 5,La Boheme,Great stick
Boutique Blends La Boheme,5 out of 5,La Boheme,love this smooth full bodied cigar
Boutique Blends La Boheme,4 out of 5,La Boheme,"Full-bodied, thick heavy smoke, not for the beginner. Great after dinner smoke."
Boutique Blends La Boheme,4 out of 5,Nice cigar one of my,Nice cigar one of my favorite
Boutique Blends La Boheme,5 out of 5,"so far so good, even","so far so good, even burn, great taste"
Boutique Blends La Boheme,4 out of 5,pretty darn good,pretty darn good
Boutique Blends La Boheme,5 out of 5,Great smoke,These are spicy creamy smoke that imho are just as good or very similar to the over priced opus x
Boutique Blends La Boheme Encantador,5 out of 5,Smooth and Bold,"Very satisfied with this stick, I was looking for a smoke that has oodles of flavor and the presence of a strong and stout. Excellent notes throughout, this jewel will not disappoint."
Boutique Blends La Boheme Encantador,5 out of 5,Good cigars,Good cigars
Boutique Blends La Boheme Encantador,5 out of 5,"Sounded likr something I would like, BUT......",lacking in the flavor I have come to appreciate. Patel's Decade and Padron's #35 are more to my liking. Looking forward to an upcoming special!!
Boutique Blends La Boheme Encantador,5 out of 5,great cigar,great tasting cigar and a great price
Boutique Blends La Boheme Encantador,4 out of 5,Great bargain for a good,Great bargain for a good smoke
Boutique Blends La Boheme Encantador,5 out of 5,Very good,Very good
Boutique Blends La Boheme Encantador,5 out of 5,La Boheme Encantador,Excellent cigar. Superb flavor
Boutique Blends La Boheme Encantador,5 out of 5,Awesome,Awesome
Boutique Blends La Boheme Encantador,5 out of 5,Very nice,Goo seegar
Boutique Blends La Boheme Encantador,4 out of 5,Complex cigar.,"Picked this up from a local B&M. This is a beautiful looking cigar with great construction. Very complex flavors. The cigar starts full bodied and full strength. The body mellows after the 1st third slightly. I actually agree that there is a touch of oak, honey, and moderate pepper flavor. This also had lots of raisin/aged tobacco flavors throughout. Nice. Not for the inexperienced palate or on an empty stomach."
Boutique Blends La Boheme Encantador,5 out of 5,Excellent service and follow up,Excellent service and follow up
Brazilian Cream,3 out of 5,"Pretty good, not a bad","Pretty good, not a bad deal for the price"
Brazilian Cream,4 out of 5,Tasty,For the money these are pretty tasty. I would definitely buy them again.
Brazilian Cream,4 out of 5,Every day smoke at a great price,"A great every day value smoke. I had the first right off the truck and wasn't impressed. After a couple of weeks in the humidor, they really evened out and I've been enjoying them thoroughly. Smooth and easy draw with a creamy smoke."
Brazilian Cream,5 out of 5,Excellent !,Excellent taste !! Good draw and puff! :)
Brazilian Cream,4 out of 5,Not bad for a value cigar,"Not Bad for a value cigar. Smooth profile, decent burn. Good cigar for handing out to cigar mooching friends or for doing yard work."
Brazilian Cream,4 out of 5,Brazilian Cream,Good smoke
Brazilian Cream,4 out of 5,End tends to fall apart,End tends to fall apart but overall enjoyable cogar
Brazilian Cream,5 out of 5,I can see how they get their name.,"Even burn, smooth draw and long lasting. When you get to the middle you can really taste the flavor. You can tell it was rolled on the inner thigh of a beautiful woman."
Brazilian Cream,5 out of 5,Nice creamy flavor,I give it five stars for the price plus it is very creamy a pleasure to smoke you can't go wrong with this one thanks CI
Brazilian Cream,4 out of 5,good value cigar just a little short of a great cigar,"quality, construction, blending i give it 4 stars. Where it comes up lacking is the wrapper its an okay smoke but the wrapper needs more flavor. the flavor is good but not great. when smoking this cigar you can tell its once to be a great cigar. but just falls a little short but for the price its outstanding value. i just wish the wrapper was a little fuller flavor. i would buy again knowing the shortfalls."
Brazilian Cream,5 out of 5,my new everyday,tasty little cigar priced to be my everyday cigar
Brazilian Cream,5 out of 5,Try this cigar...you won't be disapointed!,"My favorite budget cigar to date. I primarily lean toward premium cigar brands and I am always on the look out for a great value cigar to moderate costs...this is it! Great burn, robust, and put together perfectly. Pleasnantly surprised!!"
Brazilian Cream,5 out of 5,Pleasant Surprise,"Bought as a special offer; pleasant surprise.
Nice smoke while doing something else."
Brazilian Cream,4 out of 5,Good Flavor,Got them on. CI Special. I’m ordering my third pack.
Brazilian Cream,5 out of 5,WOW!,Excellent cigar at a great price. Smokes smooth down to the nub.
Brazilian Cream,4 out of 5,Good Value,"Was a good value. Taste was decent, some of the had a harder draw. All in all I’ll buy again"
Brick House,5 out of 5,Nice smoke,"Great from the beginning to the end. Even burn , lots of smoke easy draw, very enjoyable."
Brick House,5 out of 5,Wonderful smoke. Lasts about 2,"Wonderful smoke. Lasts about 2 hours with a wonderful and even draw. Wife does not complain at all about the smell and they do not leave an after taste or a morning bad breath smell or taste. I Like the Habana wrappers the best and CI seems to have them in stock over other vendors. I give them to friends who ask where they can obtain them as everyone I give them to enjoys them. Very good smoke for a long, enjoyable cigar."
Brick House,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Great Smoke
Brick House,5 out of 5,Great cigar with a good,Great cigar with a good price
Brick House,4 out of 5,Brick house,"Good smoke, good price"
Brick House,5 out of 5,Long lasting smoke,Long lasting smoke
Brick House,5 out of 5,the best cigar,I have tried all the high rated cigars and some are good some are not so good. Brick house Mighty Mighty has to be my favorite. Flavorful but never harsh. it is the best. I keep returning to it no matter what else I try.
Brick House,4 out of 5,Coffee and chicory flavor,Good draw and adequate flavor for a cheap cigar
Brick House,5 out of 5,Favorable,"Brick House Mighty Mighty is an outstanding cigar, full of flavor and robust.
Scott F."
Brick House,5 out of 5,Love my Brickhouse,Uniqe=ue good flavor. Well made for an inexpensive cigar. Burns well with no flaking or unraveling. One of my new favorites!
Brick House,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke for the money
Brick House,5 out of 5,It's a Brick House....,"It's a Brick House.... Solid med/full bodied smoke. Burns great, tastes great. Will be adding more to my humidor."
Brick House,4 out of 5,Top notch cigar,Nice even burn.A must for your humidor.
Brick House,5 out of 5,Fine Smoke,One of my favorite cigars. Always well made and a great smoke. Also like the 60 gauge size.
Brick House,5 out of 5,What a rush!,"You cannot best the price of this per stick considering the higher quality. The Brickhouse is a great daily smoke for me. It is smooth and the puro packs the punch I need everyday. Wow. Not for the first timer. These are only for seasoned cigar smokers. I'm always on the hunt for a good daily smoke and this is one for me. I judge a cigar by the feel I have afterwards. If I can barely walk, it's my choice. What a rush man."
Brick House,4 out of 5,Full Body Smoke For After Dinner,Very nice after a hearty meal. Full body and lots of flavor. Nice construction good draw. Burns slow cool and even. Its full bodied but stays smooth. Tasted of cedar and espresso. I would not smoke these every day only when the mood strikes for a power smoke.
Brick House,5 out of 5,A Favorite,"Great taste and always good construction. Hard to beat for a 60 ring cigar.
So good that I think I'll have another!!"
Brick House,5 out of 5,Best cheap cigar,"Great smooth medium flavor, not too light, not too harsh, if you can get a decent price on these, you should definitely give them a shot"
Brick House,5 out of 5,Da judge,"My favorite cigar, smooth and tasty"
Brick House,5 out of 5,Brick House,"Hey, it's another JC Newman product, you expect quality construction, nice draw and an enjoyable smoke, this will never disappoint...."
Brick House,4 out of 5,GREAT VALUE!,A WONDERFUL EVERYDAY SMOKE.
Brick House,4 out of 5,Very good after work Cigar,Very good after work Cigar
Brick House,5 out of 5,Try them. Can't go Wrong,Great Smoke.
Brick House,5 out of 5,Who's house,"Great cigar , I enjoyed every puff ."
Brick House,4 out of 5,Great taste and a great,Great taste and a great price
Brick House,5 out of 5,Brick house Churchill,Solid cigar great constructed and good taste
Brick House,5 out of 5,Best buy,"Great cigar , great price ! This is my fifth box. Of Brick House. I like the Toros over the Churchills"
Brick House,5 out of 5,Awesome,A very good cigar for the price. Taste great from stat to finish
Brick House,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"I have been buying the Brick House Fumas so I decided to try the regular Brick House and man what a great tasting cigar, I will buy more this week."
Brick House,5 out of 5,Staple,"I wasn’t sure about purchasing this at first, but I’m sure glad I did. It’s definitely going to be a staple in my humi. Very meaty from start to finish, large bouquet, and a nice easy draw. I was impressed. I will definitely purchase more!"
Brick House,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Brick House,4 out of 5,Mighty Mighty,Great All the way around but a little less hearty than I personally like to smoke... I find these a solid medium body but prefer medium to full bodied at the minimum for my best cigar moments.
Brick House,5 out of 5,Brickhouse,One of the Best Cigars on the market.
Brick House,5 out of 5,A really well made and,A really well made and great tasting cigar!
Brick House,5 out of 5,Brick House Robusto a real winner,"This is by far one of the best sticks in my humidor. When I'm wanting a nice after-dinner cigar, or if I just want to chill-ax on the balcony with a nice bourbon and smoke, this little wonder never fails to enhance the experience. My first box purchase will be filled with these. DMT"
Brick House,2 out of 5,What happened?,"These used to be my favorite cigar. The last box I received has provided flat, tasteless, poorly-wrapped cigars that burn unevenly. I've yet to have a good one from the box. Not sure if I received an ""off box"", but I won't be investing in these any more. Highly recommend Oliva Flor de Oliva Giants as a much more enjoyable alternative."
Brick House,5 out of 5,Brick House Robusto,"Brick House is my go to, everyday cigar. Medium bodied, always burns well, consistent flavor and aroma. Best cigar for the money."
Brick House,5 out of 5,Easy deal,"Checked several sites CI was slightly less. Cigars came quicker than I expected and were exactly what I expected, no surprises. I hate surprises haha. Thank you for the great service."
Brick House,5 out of 5,Awesome cigar,Burns even... Full flavored cigar and for a decent price... A nice go to everyday cigar
Brick House,5 out of 5,Yummy,"I really enjoy the flavor great for a nice drive or relaxing to working on the cars and around the house, it is a nice medium body full of flavor and long lasting taste. Definitely worth every last penny!!!!"
Brick House,4 out of 5,Nice draw,Nice draw
Brick House,4 out of 5,Brick house toro,"A very good smoke, draws nicely."
Brick House,4 out of 5,Full body smoke,Perfect burn full body especially on the finish taste great
Brick House,2 out of 5,Forgetable,title says it all. bo hum
Brick House,5 out of 5,Wii made and tasty.,Wii made and tasty.
Brick House,5 out of 5,She's a Brick House!!,AlwYs a satisfying smoke.thick chewy smoke. Medium to full bodied. Nice after work relaxation!
Brick House,4 out of 5,Good stick,Good stick wrapper tends to flake off at times but a good smoke.
Brick House,5 out of 5,"This Lady's Stacked, and that's a fact, she ain't hodin' nothing back!","Even though I've been smoking cigars for a few years, I still consider myself to be ""learning the ropes"". I do know, however, that the Mighty Mighty is my favorite, most enjoyable smoke. It always burns well, has a wonderful aroma, and the flavor never disappoints, especially when paired with a nice bourbon-on-the-rocks. This is the one cigar that I make certain to have a nice supply of in my humidor. Keep up the good work, guys, and keep those specials rollin'.
Mike Taylor"
Brick House,5 out of 5,Brickhouse cigars,Excellent
Brick House,5 out of 5,There's a Reason it's a CA Top-25,"Brick House. ""She's mighty-mighty, just lettin' it all hang out!"" It has that soft draw of a Nub, perfect burn all the way down. Believe me, you'll want to finish this one. I've resolved myself to smoking only highly rated cigars and CA Top-25's. This one is a total no-brainer."
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great puff to start your,Great puff to start your morning
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great smoke,I say get them! Great morning stick with breakfast and coffee!
Brick House Connecticut,4 out of 5,A really good mellow mild,"A really good mellow mild smoking cigar, two thumbs up."
Brick House Connecticut,4 out of 5,👍,👍
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,My most favorite cigar. Wish,My most favorite cigar. Wish I could afford more
Brick House Connecticut,3 out of 5,Brickhouse,Great breakfast cigar burns good through and through good finish
Brick House Connecticut,3 out of 5,Not a bad smoke,Not a terrible smoke
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,nice,excellent medium body smooth smoke
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,One of the best cigars!,Simply an amazing smoke - it's been my go-to for years
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,Smooth smoke burns great,Smooth smoke burns great
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,brickhouse Robusto,"A mellow smoke , nice for working in garage"
Brick House Connecticut,4 out of 5,"Nice mellow smoke, good burn","Nice mellow smoke, good burn"
Brick House Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good smoke.,Good smoke.
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,BH Ct Robusto,My favorite smoke! Always smooth and just right mix of flavor
Brick House Connecticut,3 out of 5,"had a good mild taste,","had a good mild taste, the cap had split when i took at the rapper but overall it was good"
Brick House Connecticut,4 out of 5,Tasty Connecticut's,both have nice flavor at a tasty price.
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,They’re Mighty Mighty,"Wow, can’t get enough of these beauties! Love em on the golf course in the mornings! Love em on the back patio in the evenings! Love em on the fly fishing floats down the Big Hole River during those lazy Montana Summers!"
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,A Delicious Cigar!,This is one of the best cigars I have ever smoked. Even burn and mild tasting. Very impressive! An enjoyable smoke and well constructed.
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,Brick house for the win,Awesome smooth smoke
Brick House Connecticut,4 out of 5,Not bad at all,Good single dimensional morning stick with a strong cup of Joe!
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Brick House Connecticut,4 out of 5,Smooth and distinctive,Smooth and distinctive
Brick House Connecticut,4 out of 5,Kenny R.,"Smooth, great tasting stick."
Brick House Connecticut,4 out of 5,Decent Mellow Stick,Maybe not the best stick you'll ever smoke but definitely not the worst..Mellow flavor with a decent burn!
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,Excellent,Nice smoke
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,Very fine cigar,Very fine cigar
Brick House Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good cigar,"While not one of my favorites, this cigar has a good draw and good strength. However it is not too strong. The flavor is good, kinda toasty for the most part. Fairly mellow for my taste and a bit one dimensional. Wouldn't mind receiving as a gift but probably won't buy again."
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,One of my favorite cigars,One of my favorite cigars
Brick House Connecticut,4 out of 5,New Brick House,Great Connecticut Cigar that developes from from mild to intense. Will buy again
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,Always a good choice,"The Brick House Connecticut is an excellent smoke. They are my favorite, day in and day out."
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,# 1 Stogie:,""" It's a Brick House."""
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,EXCELLENT,EXCELLENT
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,brick house conn.robusto,good smoke easy draw would get more
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,Brick House Connecticut,"Very well constructed, great draw, and pleasant flavor. Just a perfect cigar."
Brick House Connecticut,3 out of 5,Mediorce Cigar,"I like a mild cigar, but I also like them rolled properly. This one was a little loose which made it a tough draw."
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great taste,"First off this is not a mellow cigar.More medium taste.That said,I loved this cigar.Very firm rolled.the draw is easy.the burn is slow and straight. I bought this for my morning smoke but this is for your afternoon smoke with your favorite drink.You will love this cigar."
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,Excellent Connecticut,Everything you'd expect from Brick House. An excellent milder offering to their line.
Brick House Connecticut,4 out of 5,Was a Whack A Deal,good buy on quality 5 Pack
Brick House Connecticut,1 out of 5,Brick House,"They are terrible, after 4 of them I have tossed them away. They were very dry and burned hot with a smell that was almost like burning cellulose.
I have ordered Rocky Patel now they are back in stock"
Brick House Connecticut,4 out of 5,Brick house cigars,Good cigar for the price.
Brick House Connecticut,3 out of 5,a decent smoke,overpriced
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,Brickhouse,WOW.... EVERYTIME!!!
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,Nice Cigar,"Pretty happy with these, especially for the price!"
Brick House Connecticut,4 out of 5,Brick house,Great all day cigar smooth and plenty of flavor burns down to the nub
Brick House Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good,"3 of the 14 I have smoked so far were impossible to draw.
Big pieces of stems were the problem. I have almost never encountered
this problem with Perdomo Barrell Aged Connecticut or My Father
Connecticut cigars."
Brick House Connecticut,3 out of 5,Ok,Ok
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,Brick house Connecticut,Excellent length thickness and taste
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,Good smoke but light,"Good quality cigar, but just a bit too light for my taste. I'd call it a 'morning cigar', it doesn't hit you very hard and provides a mellow experience."
Brick House Connecticut,3 out of 5,No bad cheap cigar,"The Brick was a pretty good buy for the quality and money, very mild and smooth. I would buy them again, when I am out of them."
Brick House Fumas,5 out of 5,Perfect,Glad I ordered these Brick house cigars they are a good smoke
Brick House Fumas,4 out of 5,Good Everyday,This is a very good everyday smoke. I found something I like a little better but my friends really enjoy these and at the price I don't mind handing them out.
Brick House Fumas,4 out of 5,Not a bad smoke for,Not a bad smoke for the price. My only thought on this cigar is it’s very difficult to remove cigar band. Might seem a little picky but I can’t count how may bands are glued to the leaf and rip he cigar.
Brick House Fumas,4 out of 5,Excellent,"An excellent cigar at an excellent price.
A great everyday stick"
Brick House Fumas,4 out of 5,Hearty cigars. Good from head,Hearty cigars. Good from head to foot. Nice ash. GREAT EVERYDAY Smoke.
Brick House Fumas,5 out of 5,Good cigar.,Nice easy smoke. No spice.
Brick House Fumas,4 out of 5,Brick House Fumas Sixty,"Decent cigar, great price"
Brick House Fumas,5 out of 5,Great Cigar for the Price.,Great Cigar for the price. Good flavor and always an even burn. One of my favorites.
Brick House Fumas,5 out of 5,Bob,"These cigars are excellent, I have bought them before and will definitely buy them again !!"
Brick House Fumas,5 out of 5,Good smokes,Good smokes
Brick House Fumas,5 out of 5,Good product,Good product
Brick House Fumas,4 out of 5,My go-to cigar,"Super friendly smoke. Stays lit, good wrap and density. Flavor is great and on the light side of medium."
Brick House Fumas,4 out of 5,Excellent smoke.,"Great quality, very fresh."
Brick House Fumas,4 out of 5,Okay cigar for the price,Okay cigar for the price
Brick House Fumas,5 out of 5,Smooth,Perfect size and a smooth smoke....
Brick House Fumas,5 out of 5,Great Budget Smoke,I love these Brickhouse stogies. They are a regular part of my humidor. Good wrapping. Great draw. Excellent taste.
Brick House Fumas,4 out of 5,Good deal,"Good flavor,good price. Downflaw,thin delicate wrapper,a lot were wrapped too tight and hard to draw.orer all good smoke,good burn."
Brick House Fumas,4 out of 5,Good flavor. I have had,"Good flavor. I have had a few explode on the golf course. Very disappointing. In general, a fine cigar."
Brick House Fumas,4 out of 5,Good Cigar,For those who smoke daily it's a good cigar for the price
Brick House Fumas,4 out of 5,Brick House Fumas,Good smoke good value
Brick House Fumas,5 out of 5,Good value for everyday cigar,Bought these for an everyday cigar.. very consistent and worth the price
Brick House Fumas,4 out of 5,Fumas $ Finas,Good cheap stick for everyday coughing ... I’ll order more
Brick House Fumas,4 out of 5,Everyday Cigar,"Overall happy with the taste and performance of the Brick House Fumas Toro. The only nit is getting off the label. In some cases, very difficult and slightly damaging the wrapper. I would purchase again."
Brick House Fumas,3 out of 5,Brick House,Draw isn’t great. Decent everyday cigar.
Brick House Fumas,3 out of 5,Not good for golfing better,Not good for golfing better out riding the mower
Brick House Fumas,5 out of 5,Solid 5 for the price and taste,"I give it a five because it was truly surprisingly good. For the price this should get a solid 5. It burns well, nice tones."
Brick House Fumas,4 out of 5,GOOD,GOOD
Brick House Fumas,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Brick House Fumas,4 out of 5,Surprisingly smooth,Surprisingly smooth
Brick House Fumas,4 out of 5,"Try them, you'll be surprised.","Smooth, even burning everyday cigar. Draws well, no unwrapping issues. I would definitely suggest for a try."
Brick House Fumas,5 out of 5,Great everyday smoke!,Great everyday smoke. Burns even and slow. Great price point as well. Smokes like a stick twice the price.
Brick House Fumas,4 out of 5,Great cigar. Was as an,Great cigar. Was as an even better deal!
Brick House Fumas,5 out of 5,great stick for the price,great cigar for the price. this is my go to for yard work or when i’m workin on the truck.
Brick House Fumas,3 out of 5,Ok build hit and miss,Ok build hit and miss
Brick House Fumas,3 out of 5,Not a solid and consistent,Not a solid and consistent wrapper but good smoke
Brick House Fumas,4 out of 5,Brick House,Great everyday smoke
Brick House Fumas,5 out of 5,STRONG SMOKE,CIGAR IS GOOD BUT STRONG.
Brick House Fumas,5 out of 5,Great,Love these for an everyday smoke
Brick House Fumas,5 out of 5,Solid smoke,"Enjoy these as an economy smoke. Mild flavor and a bargain. Prefer the Maduro Fumas, but these are pretty solid as well."
Brick House Fumas,5 out of 5,Brickhouse Robusto,Great Cigar smooth and burns even
Brick House Fumas,5 out of 5,Very nice cigar,Very nice cigar
Brick House Fumas,5 out of 5,Brick House Fumas Robusto,I find the Brick House Fumas Robusto to be a very smooth and flavorful smoke at a Great value.
Brick House Fumas,5 out of 5,Worth the buy!!,"Bought the 20 pack to fill some space in my humidor. With cookout season coming, these are good for the yard or grill as you don’t have to pay much attention to the smoke itself. Also good to share with non smoker friends who wanna burn one with you. I’ve made the mistake of passing out pricier cigars that don’t get the respect they deserve. Definitely worth the buy and I plan on keeping some of these on hand"
Brick House Fumas,5 out of 5,Built like a Brick House,Absolutely my favorite everyday smoke. I tried a sixty gauge in this recently and I wasn't as fond as this gauge. Goes great with coffee or Makers Mark. Very consistent from cigar to cigar.
Brick House Fumas,4 out of 5,Built like a Brick House,These are pretty good everyday smokes. Just my opinion but I found some inconsistency in the burn and ash on a few of them that I did not see on the smaller gauge. Maybe being a sixty was the issue with that. I have smoked these in the smaller gauge and I was very pleased. Not against these but I will stick with the smaller gauge.
Brick House Fumas,4 out of 5,is a great cigar for,is a great cigar for the price
Brick House Fumas,5 out of 5,Nice lfavor,I've had luck with Brick House in the past and these Robustos did not disappoint. Nice flavor and nice burn.
Brick House Fumas,4 out of 5,Nice stick,Good cigar when on sale.
Brick House Fumas,4 out of 5,Good smoke I will continue,Good smoke I will continue to purchase them
Brick House Fumas,4 out of 5,The Brick Houses,"They are a mild cigar, burns well and even. Great value"
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,5 out of 5,Good smoke for the price!,Good smoke for the price! Have one every morning
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,4 out of 5,Great smoke for the money!,Great smoke for the money! Has a good start with a slow burn
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,5 out of 5,The Brick,Great smoke.
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great every day cigar,Great every day cigar
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,4 out of 5,A solid value,"This nice cigar is in my top seven for cigars ever smoked in this price range.
After two 20-‘gar bundles, I find very few are “challenging” to smoke. (... mainly from a tight bottleneck rolled in to it.)"
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,3 out of 5,"Not bad, but not very engaging either.","Not too bad, for the money, but the flavor just isn't as complex or as layered as the premium sticks. A one dimensional stick, for a great price."
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,4 out of 5,They’re a good everyday smoke.,They’re a good everyday smoke.
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great Value,Really nice cigar and for the money you can’t beat it
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,4 out of 5,Bought these as an inexpensive,Bought these as an inexpensive casual smoke. Arrived in good shape.
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great,"A great daily cigar, burn, draw, taste excellent !"
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,4 out of 5,good cigar for everyday smokes,good cigar for everyday smokes for the price
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great smoke,One of the smoothest mellow cigars I’ve had. Very nice from beginning to end. Will be buying more.
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,4 out of 5,Very solid stick,"I needed an inexpensive stick to share with others who aren't big cigar smokers, or to have as a chaser after a bolder smoke. This fit the bill very well. They are well constructed and the cap doesn't come off during smoking (I typically use a plug cutter and other caps tend to fall off after a while of smoking). The wrap is tight but not too tight, creating an easy draw. The flavor is mild and pleasant, as I was hoping for. Overall, great value on a very solid stick."
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,4 out of 5,my review,not bad at all; just not my ring size I'd prefer 60 ring; it is what I am used to buying.
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,5 out of 5,Excellent value,Good to smoke. And good to chew. Sorry for that very bad habit. . .
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,4 out of 5,Enjoyable,Easy smoke with a pleasant flavor. I liked the first order enough to place a second one.
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,3 out of 5,Hit and miss on how,Hit and miss on how tight and consistent the cigars are rolled.
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,4 out of 5,"Well made, not as good","Well made, not as good as some but not as bad as others"
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,5 out of 5,Very smooth and tasty,Very smooth and tasty
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great smoke.,What an excellent cigar. A real smooth tasting cigar and it will become my cigar of choice. The price was good.....
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,4 out of 5,Brick House Fumas,"Good cigar, but with a difficult draw!"
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,5 out of 5,Brick House Connecticut Fumas,"Very satisfied, good daily smoke, great flavor, mild. Good smoke with even burn, good draw. Will be ordering more of these."
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,3 out of 5,Very average,"I don't hate them or love them, they are ok. I wouldn't buy the CT again, I'd try the maduro. Flavor is too faint and the stick has a low draw so it makes it hard to taste. I'd get them if they were on sale to about 35 to 40 for the pack..."
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,5 out of 5,Awesome,Great cigar nice and smooth.
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,4 out of 5,"Burs good,nice smoke for the","Burs good,nice smoke for the money!"
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,3 out of 5,Good flavor but they draw,Good flavor but they draw about as well as a preschooler
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,3 out of 5,"Good news, bad news...","Good smoke that I've now purchased 3X, HOWEVER the labels on these things are so friggen tight and hard to get off that you're more likely to tear the wrapper than get the label off. Too bad because it's a decent smoke for the money, just not worth the wrestling match."
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,5 out of 5,Brick House Fumas,"Excellent ""every day"" stick and dealing with Cigars international has always been a pleasure"
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,5 out of 5,These are the deal!!!,"I usually never review products, but am making an exception here. Just rec'd a bundle of these Fumas Connecticut. Great construction, fine draw, medium body smoke. Why anyone would spend the $$ for the hundred dollar boxes vs these is beyond me!! This is the deal.
I also ordered the other Fumas....same cigar construction but stronger smoke. Another deal."
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Good Smoke!,"Nice size, cood construction and wonderful flavor. What else need be said?"
Brick House Fumas Maduro,4 out of 5,"Good mellow taste, consistent ash","Good mellow taste, consistent ash and burn, however I am sorry that I didn’t purchase a longer lasting Churchill!"
Brick House Fumas Maduro,4 out of 5,Great smoke,Never had these before but great draw and flavor
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,A great cigar!,A great cigar!
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"What a Brick House, full of flavor to the very end"
Brick House Fumas Maduro,4 out of 5,Very Smooth.,Very Smooth.
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,great cigars,great cigars
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Brickhouse Maduro,Smooth taste and burned even a real bargain
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Very good cigar for the,Very good cigar for the price was very happy
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Brick House Fumas Maduro Gordo are a great everyday cigar. Not too mild or full flavored. I will buy again.
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Very good cigar for everyday,"Very good cigar for everyday smoking
Will buy again
Jerry F"
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Good smoke for a good,Good smoke for a good price!
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,"Great taste, very smooth","Great taste, very smooth"
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Brick House Maduro,Great smoke - excellent price!
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Brick House Fumas Maduro Robusto,Brick House Maduro Robusto is a great smoke. The draw and taste is perfect. I always keep some Brick House in the Humidor!
Brick House Fumas Maduro,3 out of 5,A little uneven burn but,A little uneven burn but good taste and price
Brick House Fumas Maduro,3 out of 5,Not bad for the price,Not bad for the price
Brick House Fumas Maduro,4 out of 5,Good new discovery,"Decided to try them and glad I did. Good flavor and draw, right ring size, a little inconsistent on burn but overall good cigar and I would buy again"
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke. I call it,Great smoke. I call it my breakfast stick. Great with morning coffee
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Great everyday smoke!,Excellent everyday smoke!!! Even burn all the way through. Great flavor!! These will be the new staple in my humidor.
Brick House Fumas Maduro,4 out of 5,Very good smoke. Burns and,Very good smoke. Burns and draws well. Solid flavor.
Brick House Fumas Maduro,4 out of 5,4,nice smoke.. smooth
Brick House Fumas Maduro,3 out of 5,brick house,"Not bad, not mighty mites but a good everyday smoke"
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Looking Forward to More!,"Great cigar for the price! Fabulous flavor, easy to light, even burn and smooth throughout!"
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Cigar for the money!,Very pleased with this cigar. Great size and smokes well right out of the box. Can't wait for some humidor time!
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Update from 1st review,"Update to last post: after receiving shipment let these sit in the humidor for about 15 hours and lit another one up, much better. No unraveling, burned uneven at 1st then evened out about a 1/4 of the way in. Decent smoke from there on. Could taste all the flavors, not overpowering, nice medium smoke. If the rest are like this stick, good everyday smoke"
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Awesome,Very great taste and favorable you won’t be disappointed
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Yummy!,"This cigar has got what it takes!Great flavor,good construction,easy draw,and a very even burn.Combine all that with a great price,and you can't lose.I fired one up as soon as the bundle arrived and it was very good.After a few days in the humidor they were excellent.A great everyday maduro."
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Yummy!,"This cigar has got what it takes!Great flavor,good construction,easy draw,and a very even burn.Combine all that with a great price,and you can't lose.I fired one up as soon as the bundle arrived and it was very good.After a few days in the humidor they were excellent.A great everyday maduro."
Brick House Fumas Maduro,4 out of 5,thanks,love them
Brick House Fumas Maduro,3 out of 5,Some good some ehh,Out of the bundle I bought 1/3 were tight and hard to draw rather frustrating. 2/3 drew nice and had a earthy taste very enjoyable.
Brick House Fumas Maduro,4 out of 5,Pricey for a fuma,A little pricey for a fuma but its a great cigar. I use these as a back up for my everyday smoke to enjoy when relaxing.
Brick House Fumas Maduro,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Price point is spot on! Great flavor and draw on these fumas. I have and will continue to order these for my everyday smoke.
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,New Favorites!,"Love these babies! Officially became my favorite go-to cigar. Gonna stockpile a lot of these bad boys to enjoy when the light is right. If I could buy 20 cases, I would. Highly recommend."
Brick House Fumas Maduro,4 out of 5,Good tobacco. Construction variable -,Good tobacco. Construction variable - some don't smoke well due to soft spots.
Brick House Fumas Maduro,4 out of 5,Awesome smoke!,Awesome smoke!
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,great medium cigar,great medium cigar
Brick House Fumas Maduro,3 out of 5,Brick House Maduro Toro,Decent smoke for the money.
Brick House Fumas Maduro,4 out of 5,Not bad,"Bought these on sale. Good fermentation on the leaves good, flavor. They aren't the prettiest but a heck of an every day smoke for the money."
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Consistent quality,Never had a disappointing stick in three years smoking them.
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,stogies,great cigar
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Great value,Great taste and great burn. Highly recommended
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Brick House Fumas,Great Cigar!! Awesome flavor!
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,These cigars are one of the smoothest ever.,I love these cigars. I think they are one of the best value I have ever bought. I buy a lot of cigars. I do tend to buy more of one kind when I find a good one and I think I’ve found my new daily cigar.
Brick House Fumas Maduro,3 out of 5,Nice to try other brands,Nice to try other brands
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Smoke.,Excellent cigar. Smooth burn with great flavor.
Brick House Fumas Maduro,4 out of 5,John,Enjoying them. Great deal
Brick House Fumas Maduro,4 out of 5,Brick House,One burned funny on Sunday but it is only the second one I smoked so far. Good flavor and enjoyable.
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,"Great golf course cigar, smoked","Great golf course cigar, smoked great.dmt"
Brick House Fumas Maduro,4 out of 5,Brick House Maduro’s,Good smooth flavor from end to end.
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,Aaron’s review,This is definitely my new go to cigar. This is an absolutely top rate smoke.
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,The best,The best
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,Cigars were delivered on time.,Cigars were delivered on time.
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,Definitely one that’s worth a,Definitely one that’s worth a try..... then you’ll get a box . One of my favorites
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,Perfect,Great taste great cigar perfect buy
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,EXCELLENT MEDIUM-BODIED smoke for the price!!!,"great medium-bodied stoge. Great price point, burns even, nice earthy flavors, silky smooth wrapper.
Can't go wrong. Gonna buy a box soon!"
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,EXCELLENT MEDIUM-BODIED smoke for the price!!!,"one of my FAVORITE cigars!! Nice, smooth draw, stays lit, nice earthy palate. Would order a box in 💓"
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,Brick House Maduro,Great cigar with a smooth draw and rich taste.
Brick House Maduro,3 out of 5,okay,Had a rich tobacco taste. No interesting flavors to report on. Construction was very soft and light in the hand
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,👍,👍
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,Brick House Maduro,"Smooth,mellow. My new everyday smoke. Just purchased more."
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,"Awesome smoke ,one of my","Awesome smoke ,one of my favorite cigars and great price"
Brick House Maduro,4 out of 5,Good value.,Good value.
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar they were a,Great cigar they were a gift
Brick House Maduro,4 out of 5,"Good, simple smoke at the","Good, simple smoke at the right price."
Brick House Maduro,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good everyday cigar
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,brick house,very nice smokes
Brick House Maduro,4 out of 5,Good cigar,I liked the taste of this cigar. nice and smooth.
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,Love these smokes,Love these smokes
Brick House Maduro,3 out of 5,Avg cigars,Avg cigars
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,Mighty Mighty Good,"These Brickhouse Maduro’s I feel are the best smokes around. They feel good in your grip, firm, tight. Burns slow and even but best it’s Goodall the way to the end, not like some other large cigars. This Smoke should’ve rated a 97."
Brick House Maduro,4 out of 5,Nice,It's a smooth cigar will buy it again
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,Great taste,Like the taste of the Brickhouse all there cigars are top of the Line.
Brick House Maduro,4 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,Zoom,Great cigar for the price
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Brick House Maduro,4 out of 5,"Good cigar for the money,","Good cigar for the money, good draw. I enjoy brick house cigars."
Brick House Maduro,4 out of 5,Brick house,These were a little strong for me
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,Brick House Maduro,Always a nice cigar and a hearty smoke. Arrived fresh and in fine condition.
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,Great stick,Great stick
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,Brickhouse,"My husband loves this cigar, in fact I've all ready re-ordered them!"
Brick House Maduro,4 out of 5,Nice,I enjoy it nice smoke
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke,This is my favorite go to cigar.
Brick House Maduro,4 out of 5,Rich dense and delicious.,"I have smoked several of these as well as the Maduro Robusto size.
Nice smooth Brazilian wrapper is one of my favorite wrappers and always delivers great earthy taste along with mild spice.
Firm dense roll and perfect draw result in great volume of medium velvet smoke with a relatively even burn.
Does require some touch up and relights if neglected for a few minuets.
More of a medium body rather than a full body flavor profile but smooth through out, and had no bitterness even down to the last third of the burn. An excellent choice to enjoy with a rich Stout or a good Bourbon."
Brick House Maduro,4 out of 5,Nice draw and great finish.,Nice draw and great finish.
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,Brickhouse Maduro,"Excellent cigar, burns smooth and nice flavor."
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,Brick house maduro,Great stick!!
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent,A very good cigar full of flavor and well rolled
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,You cant go wrong,Consistent quality and a very enjoyable smoke.
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,Nice,Nice stick
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,Perfect every day,Great flavor just big enough to have on a drive to the airport but yet won't take up your day. Had to buys a box because they are my favorite all around for a good any time cigar.
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar,The Brick House Maduro in my opinion is one of the better smokes that I have had the pleasure to sample.
Brick House Maduro,2 out of 5,Uneven burn,Inconsistent they burn down the middle leaving the wrapper untouched
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.,"Such an awesome smoke. From Start to finish. Creamy mellow smoke melts so smoothly. The flavor is not too harsh but just right. Paired with a 15 yo Rum, was perfect."
Brick House Maduro,3 out of 5,Ok....,Ok....
Brick House Maduro,4 out of 5,Like the taste. After 4,Like the taste. After 4 I noticed that a burn hole below ash has lit
Brick House Maduro,4 out of 5,Solid,Solid
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,Brick house,"Nice burn start to finish
Well rounded flavor"
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,"Reliable, tasty smoke.","This is without question, my #1 golf course smoke. Plenty of flavor, girthy, and never seems to get dry. If it gets wet, you'll need a flamethrower to keep it going. They are very reliable and always a great smoke. I have recommended highly to several friends. If u like this, i also recommend MUWAT by Drew Estate."
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,BH,Smooth and nutty!!!
Brighton's Best,4 out of 5,Ordered because Vanilla was out,Ordered because Vanilla was out of stock. But enjoyed these and have ordered several times now.
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,How I figure these are,These are indeed similar to what might very well be the smoking of coffee beans
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,Good sweet flavored cigar,Good sweet flavored cigar. Vanilla is a really nice flavor that lasts to the end of the cigar. Looking forward to trying the chocolate flavor.
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,What it is that I presume,Burning one of these is almost literally smoking coffee beans
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,"Pleasant smoke, first time to","Pleasant smoke, first time to try"
Brighton's Best,4 out of 5,Pretty good,A nice coffee flavor mild and great with a mourning cup
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,Perfect short flavor smoke,Short smoke but a very good stick i will but again
Brighton's Best,4 out of 5,Like the taste,Like the taste
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,Amazing taste and very smooth
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"The tastiest cigar I’ve ever smoked,they don’t always burn evenly but still the tastiest I’ve ever smoked 2thumbs way up.👍👍"
Brighton's Best,4 out of 5,Brighton are one of the best,Brighton Bests chocolate flavored cigars have a rich sweet taste. The flavor stays with you for about 80 percent of the cigar but gets a little bitter at the end. Still an amazing flavored cigar.
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,Best,I have bought many boxes
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,"A Great Smoke,Probably My Favorite","A delicious cigar,great after dinner with coffee or after work with a Troegenator beer👍👍👍👍👍"
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,Great,Great cigars smooth draw and nice taste
Brighton's Best,4 out of 5,Good short smoke.,Nice cigar for those wanting a mild cigar for 30 minute outside activities.
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,Great bargain and relaxing smoke when you want a smooth stick.,Real smooth stick. Great buy for the money. Go's great with my morning coffee. It is a pretty good coffee flavor.
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,Delicious...,"I love these cigars. Perfect size, perfect flavor. Nice and relaxing..."
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,Very smooth and just the,Very smooth and just the right touch of vanilla flavor
Brighton's Best,4 out of 5,Easy smooth cigar,Easy smooth cigar
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,A nice smoke,A nice smoke
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,cherry cigars flavors,"this tipe of cigars, are ranked 4 * becouse the falverore its not like the greateasts bluberry and the terrific chocolate flavor i hope try watermelon other time but 4 star for this one now thank you fellas!!"
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,Brighton,The cigars are very smooth and the taste is appealing.
Brighton's Best,4 out of 5,Sweet !!!,Great taste and smell
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,Inexpensive flavored cigars,Tasty cheap flavored smokes
Brighton's Best,3 out of 5,not bad good price,not bad good price
Brighton's Best,4 out of 5,Easy draw. Nice soft chocolate,Easy draw. Nice soft chocolate flavor. Construction is the only flaw.
Brighton's Best,3 out of 5,Brighton Best,"Short cigar, OK taste, slightly hard to draw. Didn’t expect much for the price"
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,Brighton cigars,Shipped quickly and great value thx
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,First time,I have never tried coffee infused cigars-what a great surprise-really good!
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,good,good
Brighton's Best,4 out of 5,Cigar nut,Out of the box you can smell the vanilla. The flavor goes away fast when you light it. It ok for a quick smoke when it's cold.
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,The Best Cigars,Burn great awesome smell good price very satisfied
Brighton's Best,4 out of 5,Nice tasting cigar...Perfect size...Can't beat,Nice tasting cigar...Perfect size...Can't beat the price either...
Brighton's Best,4 out of 5,Just ok,The flavor smells good right out of the wrapper but it is gone after a few puffs. Good for the price for a quick smoke in the winter when you don't have long to smoke outside and not worried about smoking the whole thing and wasting it.
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,Great!!,Great!!
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,Great price,Good short aromatic sweet cigar for the money.
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,Arrived quickly and are smooth,Arrived quickly and are smooth and amazing
Brighton's Best,3 out of 5,Good Sticks,"Bought these for my wife . She is a Drew Estate fan ( Blondie ) . She wanted some thing a little less expensive . We got these , and they are just ok for a change . Good for a quick cocktail , or cup o joe ..."
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,Brighton Churchill Cherry,Brighton Churchill Cherry
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,Taste and smell,The taste and smell were both impeccable despite the smell being on the mild side
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,Love this baby,"What a surprise, my wife loves them. I tried it and it's a good mellow cigar that burns well. Don't raise the price"
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,Short smoke,"I like flavored cigars. This is a sweet cigar and I love it. This is the coffee flavor. I just ordered the chocolate flavor. Well made and burns even.
I may order the larger sizes too."
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,terrific cigars prices delicious flavors,"terrific cigars prices delicious flavors when you feeling in you mauth inigualable flavor of them deam, such amazing & best cigars two thump way up of the invantors making & company workers associates tabacco industry"
Brighton's Best,4 out of 5,Brighton's Best Robusto -- Vanilla,Smooth. Nice burn. Slight vanilla taste that's just right.
Brighton's Best,3 out of 5,Reliable,"These machine mades are inexpensive, are reliable and consistent in taste, draw and burn! A lot more than I can say about many of the handmades in the catalog."
Brighton's Best,3 out of 5,Taste,"Taste doesn't last very long, but they seem to burn good"
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,Nice and mild.,Sweet and refreshing
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,Brighton’s Best,"Bought A box of the coffee and the chocolate. Burns well,the aroma pleasing to my wife and shared them with my golf foursome.
Smooth and mellow even when one of the guys forgot to take off the cigar ring!"
Brighton's Best,3 out of 5,Brighton cigars,Not bad for a machine made cigar
Brighton's Best,3 out of 5,Good smoke for the money,Good for a quick smoke at a small price
Brioso Bundles,5 out of 5,I enjoy these cigars on,I enjoy these cigars on the weekend when working around the cottage...
Brioso Bundles,5 out of 5,My new fishing choice,Great draw. Pleasantly surprised. Good flavor. Will be my new go to for fishing.Great construction and burn.
Brioso Bundles,5 out of 5,My new fishing choice,Great draw. Pleasantly surprised. Good flavor. Will be my new go to for fishing.Great construction and burn.
Brioso Bundles,5 out of 5,Awesomeness,Fantastic smoke and fantastic price. Truly a great work smoke or anytime.
Brioso Bundles,4 out of 5,Good cigar for the price.,Good cigar for the price.
Brioso Bundles,4 out of 5,Brioso,Great bargain
Brioso Bundles,5 out of 5,Brioso,Excellent smooth smoke
Brioso Bundles,5 out of 5,My favorite cigar,My favorite cigar
Brioso Bundles,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Everything everyone else said except the guy who said they were stale. He needs to make sure his humidifier is working.
Brioso Bundles,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Brioso Bundles,3 out of 5,okay cigar,"Not a lot of flavor, but what is there is okay. decent construction. burn has been okay for a budget cigar. try it, buy it, I did!"
Brioso Bundles,4 out of 5,"Great smoke, enjoyed them a","Great smoke, enjoyed them a lot..."
Brioso Bundles,5 out of 5,Brioso Maduro Gigante,"Been awhile since trying these but they are still a satisfying I'd say daily go to cigar. A medium not very complex blend but quite flavorful. A mouthful of cool tasty smoke for the palate, easy draw, and no problem burn."
Brioso Bundles,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Great taste and draw. Loved it
Brioso Bundles,3 out of 5,Little on the dry side,Had them with some friends and we all agreed they were a little on the Stale side.
Brocatus,5 out of 5,Go to,Always dependable
Brocatus,5 out of 5,Burns well. Draws well. Mild.,Burns well. Draws well. Mild. Great price.
Brocatus,4 out of 5,Brocatus Robusto,A GOOD SMOKE
Brocatus,3 out of 5,Some burn better than others.,Some burn better than others.
Brocatus,4 out of 5,"""",Unbelievable Smokes. Price very affordable.
Brocatus,5 out of 5,Best smokes,Among your lower price cigars these are the best ones money can buy.
Brocatus,5 out of 5,One of the great cigars,One of the great cigars of smoke mail
Brocatus,5 out of 5,Good cigar,Very good cigar have enjoyed them very much
Brocatus,4 out of 5,I was surprised. This was,I was surprised. This was a really good cigar and a really good price. I’ll order these again.
Brocatus,5 out of 5,good concrete cigar,this is a good one!
Brocatus,5 out of 5,good concrete cigar!,great one!
Brocatus,4 out of 5,Good Value,Pretty good cigar for the money
Brocatus,4 out of 5,Brocatus Churdhill,"My late evening smoke with a glass of bourbon , nice way to end a day ."
Brocatus,4 out of 5,Brocatus Robusto,"Nice, even burning and a perfect early afternoon smoke"
Brocatus,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Brocatus,4 out of 5,Good cigar for the price.,"I am by no means a connoisseur, but I find the Brocatus in any configuration to be a flavorful smoke without the harshness of other lower priced cigars. There is the occasional too loose or too tight a roll, but overall the quality is acceptable."
Brocatus,5 out of 5,"A very good cigar, smooth","A very good cigar, smooth draw& mild, no bitter aftertaste."
Brocatus,4 out of 5,wS,Great cigar. Draws good burns great this is my second box expecting to buy morr
Brocatus,5 out of 5,Good smoke,"Nice taste, no bite, enjoyed on the lawnmower"
Brocatus,4 out of 5,Nice Robusto,"Strong build, flavorful and a nice aroma"
Brocatus,4 out of 5,An honest cigar.,"You're never going to confuse it with a Macanudo, but, at this price, you can't beat it. Perfect for dog walking or any other activity where you don't want to smoke an expensive cigar. It is a true bargain. Mild flavor with long filler. I have spent more and gotten far less. My daily smoker for dog walks and ramblings outside."
Brocatus,5 out of 5,Low $,"I know people use this cliché all the time, “ a good cigar for the money “ and it is."
Brocatus,5 out of 5,All around great stick!,"Great Stick, love them, burned two last evening while working. Perfect burn, awesome flavor, long burn time, I got 2.25 hrs. from each both outstanding!!! Recommend for anytime smoke am or pm, love them ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️"
Brocatus,4 out of 5,Brocatus Robusto,"This was my first order and taste trial of this cigar. I enjoy a mild smoke in a 5 by 50 size when on the golf course. I enjoyed the taste, the smooth even burn and consistency of the cigar through the entire length. I also ask my golf buds their opinion of the aroma and it received favorable comments. For the price and quality it meets my expectations. Will purchase again."
Brocatus,4 out of 5,Hate the shipping charges.,Hate the shipping charges.
Brocatus,4 out of 5,Real good Cigar,Great everyday Cigars love them for the price
Brocatus,4 out of 5,Good stuff!,Very well rounded taste.
Brocatus,5 out of 5,Light and nice,Extremely nice and pleasant smoke. Flavor is nice and light cedar. Excellent for a day on the water or even a relaxing day at the pool. 10/10 would recommend for a nice inexpensive smoke.
Brocatus,4 out of 5,Good buy,Solid cheap cigar —-even burn —slightly over mild —-great bargain cigar
Brocatus,5 out of 5,"Want a relaxing cigar, try Brocatus","Totally enjoy the Brocatus Robusto cigar, mild with a great flavor, been purchasing this brand for a while now, I suggest you try it too."
Brocatus,4 out of 5,They were better.,They were better.
Brocatus,4 out of 5,Decent Churchill Smoke,"Fine smoke, I find Quorum Shade Churchills a better option myself, but this is a decent smoke."
Brocatus,3 out of 5,Good everyday smoke,A good choice for an inexpensive everyday smoke. Not much depth but a decent taste and burn. A good smoke for working in the yard pr when you do not have enough time to fully enjoy an expensive stick
Brocatus,5 out of 5,Smooth,Very nice and smooth
Brocatus,5 out of 5,Great smokes for a low cost,These cigars burn so good. They are consistently great. I buy these over and over
Brocatus,3 out of 5,Good,Good taste burn fine would buy again
Brocatus,5 out of 5,Brocatus robustt,Excellent smoke
Brocatus,4 out of 5,Great smoke,This is not the first time I tried these. A great value.
Brocatus,4 out of 5,A Happy Discovery!,I hesitated at first. Then decided to take a chance. Very happy that I did. A very enjoyable smoke. Would buy again.
Brocatus,3 out of 5,Not bad,Not bad
Brocatus,4 out of 5,Great price for a good,Great price for a good cigar
Brocatus,4 out of 5,Good buy,Good cigar I will buy again
Brocatus,5 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
Brocatus,3 out of 5,Ok,You are what your rating says you are!
Brocatus,5 out of 5,brocatus,I think eliminating the two-fer was just an excuse to raise the price.
Brocatus,5 out of 5,a great cigar,a great cigar
Brocatus,4 out of 5,"Smooth flavor throughout, even burn,","Smooth flavor throughout, even burn, great price."
Brocatus,5 out of 5,Great Value,For the price I don't think you can beat these cigars. They have a good taste to them. I think I've had a couple that have burned unevenly but that's the only negative thing I have found with them. I plan on buying more.
Brocatus,5 out of 5,"Great cigar, amazing service from Cigars International!!!",Thanks for the great service
Brocatus,5 out of 5,As good as it gets for the money.,"Nice even draw, solid wrapping, most burn evenly. Good value."
Brocatus Anejo,4 out of 5,Great cigar for the price,Great cigar for the price
Brocatus Anejo,4 out of 5,Cuz I'm great smoke however,Cuz I'm great smoke however get smoked too fast
Brocatus Anejo,5 out of 5,Brocatus does it again,"I have been buying the original brocatus for years and they are always consistent in quality and flavor. It's one of the better bargain brands. This new anejo is stronger than the original. It is medium to full bodied with prominent black pepper notes. It is similar to the original man o war cigar in flavor. If your looking for a stronger cigar at a good price, this is it."
Brocatus Anejo,4 out of 5,Fantastic!,"The first scents I noticed when I unwrapped one drew me towards spice, rich elegant leather with hints of chocolate paired with black pepper. The draw was fantastic, stayed that way until the end and I could hardly wait to light up another. Even paired well with a 15 year single malt and I will be buying several more boxes."
Buffalo TEN,5 out of 5,You cant bet it for the price!,"For the price, this was an amazing cigar. Very flavorful with hints of spice and chocolate. I have purchased cigars that cost twice this price and were terrible. I am a Padron 1964 Anniversary smoker, but this cigar is a great substitute for an everyday smoke. The only negative I can say is it doesnt always burn super even, but usually corrects itself."
Bugatti Ambassador,5 out of 5,Smooth!!!,Very smooth with a good aroma.
Bugatti Ambassador,5 out of 5,A true ultra-premium!,"Outstandingly consistent, flavorful medium body cigar. Slow to burn with lots of smoke. Quite enjoyable!"
Bugatti Ambassador,5 out of 5,Great cigars,Great cigars
Bugatti Ambassador,2 out of 5,bugatti needs a tune-up,"bought a box of these and i must say they did not meet my expectations at all. they were not not the worst cigars i have smoked,but find that they were loose in their costruction asd burned unevenly snf tended to have a loose ash that ""flowered"" at the end ; rather looke a bit like an exploded cigar from a three stooges skit. they had a rather nice buzz factor for a medium strength cigar that i tend to like in a cigar that i smoke, but this was not enough to make up for all the other short-comings. the box and presentation is awesome and if one could smoke the attractive box it likely would be the best cigar on the face of the earth. the namesake makes one think that these are high-end. however, if the the motourcar had all the failings of this cigar, it it would be on the back of a tow truck all the time. i recommend to stick with your favourites and not spend your money on this highly-touted cigar; better to drive a lesser brand that gets you from point A to B than to have something that is showy but falls short on delivering the performance and fails to get started started at all."
Bugatti Medio,5 out of 5,Very pleased,"I got these cigars on one of the promotions , I was pleasantly surprised , I will definitely put these sticks in my rotation."
Bugatti Medio,3 out of 5,I found the wrap to,I found the wrap to be a little bland and the cigar to be a mild rather than a medium. Good burn and a GREAT cigar for the price which I got them for.
Bugatti Medio,4 out of 5,Very Nice Smoke,"When I first received the cigars I lit one up. It was mediocre and had a hard draw. So I threw them in the humidor and hoped for the best. Just finished smoking one a month later,and I'm really impressed. Just a great mild smoke that came to life. Will be buying more."
Bugatti Medio,4 out of 5,Bugatti 5 pack,"Very good smoke! Good draw, good construction, medium to full flavor!"
Bugatti Medio,5 out of 5,Great smoke! Great price!,"I was a big skeptical at first. I tore into the package the day I got them in the mail and lit one up. Hmm. Not great. I thought I had become victim to the ""cheap smoke"" again. But 2 weeks later, after being in the humi, Wow! Are these the same sticks I put in there? Great flavor. Balanced spice with that earthy leather fullness that is so pleasing. Not to mention that there is just that faint bit of sweet undertone starting about a half inch in. Very enjoyable. Very recommended."
Bugatti Medio,4 out of 5,Bugati Cigar Review,"Very good smoke! Medium to full flavor, good construction, even burn."
Bugatti Medio,4 out of 5,Really good,"I’m gonna try them again 1 day soon.
Luke"
Bugatti Medio,4 out of 5,Good Cigar,"Purchased these because of an amazing special they had going and honestly wasn’t expecting much. Jokes on me, definitely some nice quality cigars with great flavor. Wish I had gotten more of them. Highly recommend."
Bugatti Medio,3 out of 5,Okay smole,I found this cigar to have a very slow draw
Bugatti Medio,4 out of 5,Good taste,Smooth and taste good
Bugatti Medio,3 out of 5,nice cigar,"nice cigar,nice smoke. the only draw back had to touchup a couple of tjmes"
Bugatti Medio,5 out of 5,Smooth,Great smoke Great burn. Will buy again
Bugatti Medio,5 out of 5,Smooth burns nice even,Smooth burns nice even
Bugatti Medio,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,This was a pleasent experience. Great cigar to try at a bargain price!
Bugatti Medio,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,Great smoke!
Bugatti Medio,4 out of 5,Nice Everyday smoker,Its a pretty tasty everyday stick if you choose to smoke daily. I enjoyed it for the low cost. Would recommend.
Bugatti Medio,5 out of 5,good value,good value
Bugatti Medio,4 out of 5,Solid,"As the title implies. Solod, but not special in any way. Well made, easy draw after punch. Worth a few bucks a stick."
Bugatti Medio,4 out of 5,BUGATTI MEDIO ROBUSTO,"I found half were hard to light and keep lit. Took a hard draw to keep them lit.
However, I took a tooth pick and inserted it in the end I put in my mouth as far
as I could. And now the draw was easy and the cigar was enjoyable.
Bill"
Bugatti Medio,4 out of 5,A little stronger than advertised,The cigar started out strong but shortly in smoothed out to a medium body smoke. I'm going to let the rest relax in my humidor. I enjoyed the one I smoked and would buy again at the right price.
Bugatti Medio,3 out of 5,Not bad at all,"This cigar was pretty good, and for the price there are no complaints.
Thank you"
Bugatti Medio,4 out of 5,Bugatti Good,"Recently purchased five Bugatti Medio Robusto, They were better that I was told. Long easy even burn and great flavor."
Bugatti Medio,4 out of 5,Easy smoke,"General all around good cigar, definitely not disappointed with purchase."
Bugatti Medio,4 out of 5,Not a bad stick...,Surprisingly a good puffer. Nice taste and draw.
Bugatti Medio,2 out of 5,Decent little smoke,Decent little smoke
Bugatti Medio,5 out of 5,Bugatti media noch,"Very nice medium smoke to me, thoroughly enjoyed it!"
Bugatti Medio,5 out of 5,Bugatti,Good smoke
Bugatti Medio,3 out of 5,Decent smoke,Great buy for the price.
Bugatti Medio,3 out of 5,Not bad,1 our 5 plugged other than that their not to bad. Nothing fancy.
Bugatti Medio,4 out of 5,Decent Smoke,I got the Bugatti in a five 5 pack special they offered. Excellent smoke excellent pull excellent taste. Decent smoke for an everyday smoke.
Bugatti Medio,4 out of 5,Nice smoke very mellow,Nice Smoke
Bugatti Medio,2 out of 5,"Full flavor, tight draw","Full flavored, but not necessarily in a good way. Acrid and dry, when the tight draw allows for a decent taste."
Bugatti Medio,5 out of 5,Great buy,Good cigar for the price.
Bugatti Medio,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Enjoyed this cigar. Smooth draw.
Bugatti Medio,5 out of 5,Nice smoke,"A great smoke. When I saw 5 for a dollar, I of course figured these would be awful. Far from it. Looking forward to smoking these again."
Bugatti Medio,3 out of 5,A little bite a decent,A little bite a decent cigar
Bugatti Medio,3 out of 5,Bugatti,Fair
Bugatti Medio,5 out of 5,Bugatti Medio,"I thought since they were so cheap that it was going to be a bad smoke. I was definitely mistaken. It had a nice burn, great draw and the flavor wasn’t half bad. It wasn’t excellent but definitely a repeat smoke"
Bugatti Medio,5 out of 5,yummy,nice smoking cigar
Bugatti Medio,4 out of 5,Not Bad,"Good construction, great price"
Bugatti Medio,5 out of 5,Good and strong,This was a good cigar
Bugatti Medio,3 out of 5,Nice clean and even burn...Will,Nice clean and even burn...Will put in humidor to age a little....not a bad stick.
Bugatti Medio,5 out of 5,A good smoke,It was a very full taste and good till the end.
Bugatti Medio,3 out of 5,Bugatti,Bugatti
Bugatti Medio,4 out of 5,Outstanding,I receive 5 for a discount price and it would have first time I ever had them they burn good smell good overall a good smoke
Bugatti Medio,5 out of 5,Bugatti medio,Excellent cigars and service!
Bugatti Medio,4 out of 5,Good medium bodied cigar!,Good medium bodied cigar!
Bugatti Medio,3 out of 5,Good everyday stick,Good everyday stick
Bugatti Medio,4 out of 5,Burning Bugatti,This stick is surprisingly good. Nice & even burn. Smooth on the palate & easy on the pocket! Definitely recommend.
Bugatti Medio,3 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Bugatti Potere,3 out of 5,Bold Flavor but leaves more to be expected,I've enjoyed these cigars as a quick smoke with bold flavor. It does leave a little bit to be expected but is a good bargain.
Bugatti Potere,4 out of 5,A good drive,Although not my favorite Bugatti this is a good smoke . A little on the stronger side from the Ambassador you should enjoy this cigar. I usually smoke it in my BMW 128i with the top down which seems to let it taste better
Bugatti Potere,4 out of 5,A real nice ride at Chevy prices,The podere is the mildest of the 3 cigars offered. I liked them all but this was my favorite. Price makes it a great value as well. I wish I had a Bugatti with top down to smoke it in but I'm afraid my BMW 128i will have to do
Bugatti Potere,5 out of 5,"Great cigar. Smokes smoothly, stays","Great cigar. Smokes smoothly, stays lite has a nice aroma."
Bugatti Potere,5 out of 5,Enjoyed the mellow taste and,Enjoyed the mellow taste and flavor. Had a nice even burn .would purchase again
Bugatti Potere,5 out of 5,Smooth taste,I was surprisingly pleased by the smooth taste.
Bugatti Potere,5 out of 5,TASTE GOOD & I like,TASTE GOOD & I like the size.
Bugatti Potere,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
Bugatti Potere,4 out of 5,Solid Cigar,The cigar had very body and a perfect burn. The only downside was the band adhesive was also on the cigar causing part of the wrapper to pull loose.
Bugatti Potere,5 out of 5,GREAT CIGAR,Nice cigar for the everyday smoker
Bugatti Potere,5 out of 5,Chill’n,A nice evening smoke for the price. I paired it with a peated smokey scotch.
Bugatti Potere,3 out of 5,Puff was OK at best,Not a great puff. Couldn't pull good flavor out of the cigar. Wish I would not have bought a box. Will give these to others to enjoy. A good share with others cigar.
Bugatti Potere,5 out of 5,Bugatti cigars,"At present the cigars will be in my large humidore, but I have smoked Bugatti before and found them to be an excellent cigar at a great price and could not resist ordering them again"
Bugatti Potere,4 out of 5,Good cigar for the money,"This cigar is stronger than you think. It should be listed as a medium-strong. That said it has decent peppery flavor, consistent draw and a strong finish. A couple were hard to keep lit. The friends I shared with all thought it was a decent smoke."
Bugatti Potere,2 out of 5,Never again,They are a somewhat harsh with inconsistent draw. I had to throw several away because of hard spots in the middle that could not be softened for a good draw.
Bugatti Potere,4 out of 5,They were great for the,They were great for the price.. would love to buy them again if the price is right..
Bugatti Potere,3 out of 5,Very even smoking cigar,Very even smoking cigar
Bugatti Potere,4 out of 5,"Winner,winner...chicken dinner!","Got these on sale, and they are some tasty morsels...plus no burn issues!"
Bugatti Potere,4 out of 5,A few did not have,"A few did not have very good draw!!!
Other than that I will get them again."
Bugatti Potere,4 out of 5,Bugatti,I think this is an attempt to use a famous name to promote a mediocre product.
Bugatti Potere,4 out of 5,Nice,Good mild daily smoke...
Bugatti Potere,5 out of 5,The best cigar I’ve had in years.,"Absolutely perfect, smooth draw and every cigar is the same. I’m ordering more of them."
Bugatti Potere,3 out of 5,My only issue with the,My only issue with the cigar was the glue that was used on the wrapper on some remained once the wrapper was removed and turned the taste and smell to burning plastic.
Bugatti Potere,3 out of 5,Bugatti sticks,Expected better but not terribly disappointed at the price point.
Bugatti Potere,3 out of 5,Some are and others not,"I feel that the quality control is very hot or miss with these cigars. Some draw well and others a horrible. When they don't draw well, the flavor is off and I just throw them away. I am pretty disappointed with my purchase."
Bugatti Potere,5 out of 5,Bugatti,"Smooth smoke, even burn would buy again"
Bugatti Potere,4 out of 5,good cigar reasonable price,"I had my tester buddy try a Bugatti he agreed with me very good cigar.
I paid a reasonable price as well"
Bugatti Potere,1 out of 5,"Too earthy, grassy.","Too earthy, grassy."
Bugatti Potere,3 out of 5,Decent cigar,First buying a box. Most were ok especially in the morning with coffee. Flavor draw and burn were average. Probably will it buy again.
Bugatti Potere,5 out of 5,Bugatti,Excellent every day smoke. Smooth mild flavor. Would definitely buy again.
Bugatti Potere,4 out of 5,very good,very good
Bugatti Potere,3 out of 5,So so,Doesn’t burn even..
Bugatti Potere,2 out of 5,Bad Choice,"I was very disappointed with these cigars. Vary hard draw and an uneven burn.
I will never buy them again."
Bugatti Potere,2 out of 5,Not very good at all,Not very good. Very tough draw. Not much flavor. Nothing really good to say about these. Very disappointing.
Bugatti Potere,1 out of 5,boo gatti,not even a good every day cigar they should have charged for the free % pack and given away the box will never buy again
Bugatti Potere,4 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth
Bugatti Potere,5 out of 5,A well made and well priced smoke,A very tasty yet mild smoke. Lovely !
Bugatti Potere,5 out of 5,BUGATTI-THE CIGAR,"I got them on special. Bugatti Potere Churchill. Been smoking cigars over 50 years, looking for MY cigar, mild with a really nice taste that I could afford. I FOUND it after all these years. but my funds are limited. so I'll watch for specials. If you're looking for what I was try it."
Bugatti Quattro Claro,4 out of 5,Bugatti Quattro Claro Toro,"Four stars... Full flavor , medium strength with notes of bitter-sweet chocolate and mild damp earth.The burn was a bit wonky and uneven reaching just before the half-way mark and the smoke output could have been more but all and all an excellent cigar."
Bugatti Quattro Claro,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Bugatti Scuro,4 out of 5,Love it.,Very nice smoke. Good draw. Great flavor. Fantastic aroma.
Bugatti Scuro,5 out of 5,Bugatti is great.,"Great cigar just did not realize how small it was going to be. Full of flavor,easy draw."
Bugatti Scuro,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,Excellent smoke
Bugatti Scuro,5 out of 5,Nice,Great smoke
Bugatti Scuro,5 out of 5,Fell in love with these strong cigars at 1st light.,"These cigars are a keeper for those of the dark wrapper. Burns evenly and is good for after a meal. Try a 5 pack if you like to try competing cigars like this. This Bugatti for me is a go to for the mudoro cigars. This one will keep you coming back for more. ""Light em up!"""
Bugatti Scuro,5 out of 5,"Very smooth draw, great aroma,","Very smooth draw, great aroma, nice tast."
Bugatti Scuro,5 out of 5,Great smoke for the price!,Very happy with this purchase.
Bugatti Scuro,5 out of 5,Cooler than the other side of the pillow,This a very smooth smoke I usually share a smoke with my mailman this time I didn't I gave him a pretty good cigar just not the Bugatti
Bugatti Scuro,4 out of 5,Quality smoke,I was pleasantly surprised! This is not a novelty cigar.
Bugatti Scuro,3 out of 5,Drew Estates,"There sitting in my Humidor, waiting for them to get Happy. Every box of cigars I purchase will always end up in the humidor. When they've been in there long enough, than I'll post a review of a cigar"
Bugatti Scuro,5 out of 5,Nice,The Bugatti Scuro is very similar to a Drew Estate Undercrown for less money.
Bugatti Scuro,5 out of 5,One of the best cigars,"One of the best cigars I've bought at CI
On promo it's a great value
Great draw,fine burn,can smoke down to the nub without getting hot or losing flavor
Bugatti is one of my go to cigars
Please send a complimentary pack"
Bugatti Scuro,4 out of 5,Tasty little sucker,I was surprised that it would taste that giid. I gave a couple of co-workers one.
Bugatti Scuro,5 out of 5,Bugatti,"Nice cigar, Great price"
Bugatti Scuro,5 out of 5,Bugatti oscuro,"Good deal on a good cigar with a solid draw that burns nice and even, not to mention an awesome taste"
Bugatti Scuro,5 out of 5,GOOD CIGAR GREAT DEAL,GOOD CIGAR GREAT DEAL
Bugatti Scuro,4 out of 5,Short on size but not on flavor...,"My favorite cigar is a Churchill. But every now and then I like a smaller cigar; and while this Robusto is smaller in size , it measures up in flavor."
Bugatti Scuro,4 out of 5,Not bad,"Not a bad cigar for the price, I bought a box of them and most had decent Construction. Had a toasty chocolate taste throughout, with some coffee and wood notes. Medium body."
Bugatti Scuro,4 out of 5,Bugatti Scuro,"The cigar had a chocolate caramel flavor.
Had problems keeping it lit.
I smoked it out of the package.
I will allow a few more weeks in the humidifier,
Good initial smoke"
Bugatti Scuro,4 out of 5,Bugatti Scuro Robusto,A decent stick at a decent price. I'd buy them again when they're on sale.
Bugatti Scuro,5 out of 5,I love them nice even,I love them nice even burn great taste from start to finish
Bugatti Scuro,4 out of 5,Decent smoke for the money,Decent smoke for the money
Bugatti Scuro,3 out of 5,Bugatti,More like a Chevy
Bugatti Scuro,4 out of 5,Very good cigar Enjoy the,"Very good cigar
Enjoy the cigar
Will buy again"
Bugatti Scuro,5 out of 5,Pleased with these,I'm really grooving on these Bugattis. Very flavorful full-bodied smoke. Chocolatey goodness. The box they came in is a beautiful bonus. Will buy again.
Bugatti Scuro,5 out of 5,Bugatti,"This cigar surprised me!!
A buddy of mine gave me one and I bad it on the back porch and was really amazed! Liked it so much I bought a box the same day!!!!!"
Bugatti Scuro,5 out of 5,Pure garbage!!!!! They need to,Pure garbage!!!!! They need to change the name to “Bu-Got’em”….
Bugatti Scuro,4 out of 5,BUGATTI SCURO TORO,"OPEN THE BOX NICE SCENT, WHEN SMOKE HAD A GOOD TASTE, HOWEVER IT SEEMS ITS MISSING SOMTHING, IM KEEP WAITING FOR IT TO GET BETTER,"
Bugatti Scuro,5 out of 5,Enjoy,Great cigar
Bugatti Scuro,5 out of 5,Nice smooth full body cigar,Nice smooth full body cigar I’m glad I try it.
Bugatti Scuro,4 out of 5,Bugati,Good strong reasonably priced smoke
Bugatti Scuro,4 out of 5,Good Smoke,Overall it is a good smoke for the value
Bugatti Scuro,4 out of 5,"Gordon E. - Wichita Falls, TX","This is one of the better cigars I've smoked in a long time. I was pleasantly surprised with the quality of the cigars, especially at the price. You sent me a box of 20 for under $50.00 including postage. If you have the same deal, I'd buy another box."
Bugatti Scuro,3 out of 5,Good construction just not a lot of flavor,These are really good for the money. Burn and construction was great just not a lot of flavor.
Bugatti Scuro,5 out of 5,A cigar befitting th name,"Great roll, great draw, even burn, good ash, mellow flavor that belies its power. Great cigar."
Bugatti Scuro,5 out of 5,One hell of a great cigar they've taken the number one spot in my listing,I have found a new number one for my tasty relaxing cigar and that's the Bugatti definitely will buy again multiple times over
Bugatti Scuro,5 out of 5,Take a walk on the dark side,"I absolutely love dark wrapped cigars. The smell, the tase. With a bonus 5, great deal."
Bugatti Scuro,4 out of 5,OK SMOKE,A LITTLE ON THE SPICY SIDE
Bugatti Scuro,3 out of 5,Decent cigar,No overwhelming flavors but a good stick for the price. They do burn good
Bugatti Scuro,4 out of 5,great smoke,great smoke
Bugatti Scuro,4 out of 5,Bugatti,Nice smoke. Good flavor.
Bugatti Scuro,4 out of 5,Bugatti Scuro Toro,"Good even draw, great looking construction and smoke."
Bugatti Scuro,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Bugatti Scuro,5 out of 5,Son Buenos voy a comprar,Son Buenos voy a comprar de nuevo
Bugatti Scuro,5 out of 5,Bugatti Rules,Excellent smoke - medium + and great with afternoon coffee.
Bugatti Scuro,3 out of 5,Bugatti,"I personally liked the Maduro best out of the 3 that they offer !
I would buy them again as long as they’re on sale"
Bugatti Scuro,4 out of 5,Butgatti,Nice cigar good smoke and smell for the price wrapper is on the thin side and burns uneven in the beginning
Bugatti Scuro,5 out of 5,Very tasty,Very tasty
Bugatti Scuro,4 out of 5,kind smoke,"Was not sure when I purchased what I bought. Certainly a good surprise. A week in my humidor
and they smoke excellant, burn has been perfect to. Flavor 5*****"
Bugatti Scuro,3 out of 5,Nice stick,"good smoke for the price. Not overly flavorful, but good for golf course or party when sharing may come into the equation."
Bugatti Signature,1 out of 5,Disappointed,"I bought the five pack to treat myself. What can I say? Only one cigar was perfect at this kind of money. The taste was not consistent, draw was dismal, and burn uneven. I wish there could be a second chance-ain't happening with my money."
Cabaiguan by Tatuaje,4 out of 5,Great mild smoke,Great mild smoke
Cabaiguan by Tatuaje,5 out of 5,One of my all time,"One of my all time favorites. Rich, smooth smoke. Cigar burns beautiful Pleasant after taste. I rate this a 10/10 for my taste"
Cabaiguan by Tatuaje,5 out of 5,Excellent,"Not a big fan of light wrappers, but this cigar is unbelievable.
The Nicaraguan filler gives it body without it becoming overpowering, and I find myself smoking them until I can't hold them any longer.
I taste nuts, with some pepper, and no bitterness whatsoever.
If you're a maduro man like me, and want a change of pace, give this cigar a try."
Cabaiguan by Tatuaje,5 out of 5,Outstanding,"I'm a maduro guy, but this cigar is outstanding.
My only regret is that I didn't buy more, but I'll rectify that soon enough.
Expensive, but worth it."
Cabaiguan by Tatuaje,5 out of 5,Awesome mild smoke,"Not a mild cigar fan by any stretch. Tried one at one of my local shops on a day when I craved a mild smoke, and I'm very impressed with the smoothness of this smoke.
It has enough flavor to let you know that it is a serious cigar, but it's smooth to the point of making it an effortless, thoroughly enjoyable smoke.
If you're a maduro man like me, and you feel like you want to change it up, I highly recommend trying one.
Nutty flavor that gets richer as it burns down. You won't want it to end."
Cabaiguan by Tatuaje,5 out of 5,Gread mild to medium smoke,"I think I really disagree with the other reviewers on the appearance of this cigar. To me it felt flawless; smooth, a bit of a shine of oil, very little veins. First draw brought a bit of cocoa, light spice and a good taste of wood. The second half is really where this guy shines. The flavors really come together and gave just a little more flavor to really satisfy a smoker with a taste for mild. I do agree for those that like a more full bodied smoke this isn't for you. But as a mild smoke goes, it's one of the best smokes I've had."
Cabaiguan Guapos by Tatuaje,5 out of 5,One of my all time,"One of my all time favorites. Rich, smooth smoke. Cigar burns beautiful Pleasant after taste. I rate this a 10/10 for my taste"
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,5 out of 5,Cafe Creme,Excellent small cigars.
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,3 out of 5,I'm still sampling different cigarillos,"It was worth trying them. I prefer a longer, larger cigarillo as it turns out. More like a cigarette, not really for me. I've found better values on CI, that I am buying now."
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,5 out of 5,Cafe Creme,The Cafe Creme is an excellent taste and the delivery service was great
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,4 out of 5,Cafe Creme,Smooth little smokes. I enjoyed them.
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,5 out of 5,excellent flavor and reasonably priced.,excellent flavor and reasonably priced. some people don't like the size (too small) but for me they are fine.
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,5 out of 5,I noticed that they are,I noticed that they are staled. That cannot continue to be. And they had spotting GREEN like a fungus. I NEED FRESH cigars
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,5 out of 5,Smooth natural flavor,Smooth natural flavor
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,5 out of 5,If you dont have enough time,Always a delicious taste! Perfect if you don’t have enough time!
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,2 out of 5,no 'flavor',"with a name like 'cafe', I expected a slight coffee flavor like my last purchase of these...it wasn't there..."
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,5 out of 5,Cigar Bar at Wedding,We bought these for a cigar bar for my daughter's wedding. Perfect for those that wanted to join in!
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,5 out of 5,Cafe creme,A great little smoke. Perfect when you are short on time.
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,4 out of 5,Pretty good,"They're okay , need to be sold in a tin ."
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,4 out of 5,Buying more for my hubby,"Hi Sweet tooth Lady here my hubby loves these, but as I said before they are too small for me. The pack we have has great smooth flavor and as long as my hubby is happy I'm happy. I will buy more for him. So it's safe to this is buy again. They don't have a sweet flavor but it mellow and creamy. He's a happy guy ;-D."
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,2 out of 5,Harsh taste,Harsh taste as compared to others flavors offered.
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,4 out of 5,Too tiny 4=cigarillo 8=cigar,"2 Puffs and done! They are smaller than I thought I should have paid attention to the measurements. They are mild and smooth but they are not what I would call a true sweet cigarillo. I like them but it's not enough for me I need 4 of these to feel like I had a cigarillo, and 8 for a cigar. They are good and good for none smokers to try. I'm not sure how I could live on these lol. I feel like they are for a gag joke. Sorry to say I can't buy these for my birthday party. These will be good for my hubby he's not a smoker but he still might need 3-4 of these to feel like he's had a smoke. This is too funny to me they are sooooo tiny. X-D!"
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,5 out of 5,Easy Smokin,"These are tasty little cigarillos and CI has them for the lowest price anywhere. They're a great 5 minute smoke and if you haven't tried them, do it."
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,3 out of 5,Cafe cremes,Not as good as bacarat
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,5 out of 5,Mild blend,This is a good mild blend . And the size is just right for when you want a cigar but don't have a lot of time
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,3 out of 5,Cigar tryouts,I was looking for another small smoke like Shrapnel sweets. These burn a bit hot & harsh in the middle. Good fishing smoke.
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,1 out of 5,Not exactly what I wanted.,"Nice smoke, wrong flavor."
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,5 out of 5,Very good,Excellent Service
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,2 out of 5,Meh!,Nothing to write home about
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,5 out of 5,Cafe Creme,Great 3 minute smoke while taking a break from yardwork.
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,5 out of 5,Excellent!,"I get what I order and it arrives earlier than than expected.
Thanks you guys!"
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,4 out of 5,Good little cigars for a 5 minute smoke break,"Nice mellow flavor, very well priced lottle smokers for quick breaks."
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,4 out of 5,"Malty somewhat creamy, not very flavorful towards end.","To start, I am only recently getting into cigars so take this review for what that is worth. These Cafe Creme Mild's are very refreshing at first. They begin with a nice soothing flavor that reminds me of a coffee with extra cream that is quite relaxing.
Where these cigs lose their lore is towards the end. As you get closer to breathing in the hot smoke it looses almost all it's flavor. With this being a mild cigar it isn't surprising that it teases the taste buds with a glimpse of creme, however as you get closer to the burning end this infatuation meets a hot ashy unpleasant end.
Overall I would say great priced, decent flavor (at first), good for casual/beginner smoker."
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,4 out of 5,"Matthew A Judson Colonel, Aviation, USAR","Awesome customer service. Whether on the ""road"" or at home. Unparalleled products."
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,5 out of 5,Awesome service,Cigars International is the best value when it comes to online cigars store. The offer a great customer service at a competitive price.
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,5 out of 5,My wife loves them!,I was buying a bunch of cigars and my wife included these on the order. They are a quick smoke for her and she loves the flavor!
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,1 out of 5,no taste and too small,no taste and too small
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,5 out of 5,Great Customer Service,Great customer service and fast delivery.
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,5 out of 5,It was a good cigarillo,I enjoyed it very much
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,3 out of 5,They're ok,"Weak flavor, but okay for the price."
Cain by Oliva,4 out of 5,Bold,Good cigar start to finish
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,Sweet Christmas!,"The habano tubo is the perfect format to represent this tasty ligero heavyweight. The freshness is evident and undeniable. Strong, smooth, and flavorful with an interesting metallic sweetness. This is an amazing value. Sweet Christmas!"
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great flavor & Strength,This is my daily smoke. I have yet to find a cigar that tastes as good.
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,Cain Habano,Great 👍 cigar love em will always have some in my humidor
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,Cain 660 maduro,"Full bodied, smooth and consistent."
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,Cain maduro,Best cigar I ever smoked.
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,Customer,Honestly prefer the nub size Cain but the robusto is not so bad. The blend is extremely good. Smoking them repeatedly it could be a trend!
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,Cain 'F',"Expertly shipped. Even after shipping, perfectly humidified cigar. Cain 'F' is on my list of my top two favorite smokes!!
Full-bodied, extreme richness & power-packed flavor! Never disappoints."
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,Recent Purchase of Cain F Habano Robusto,I recently purchased the Cain F by Oliva which is one of my go to cigar brands. My order was delivered within a few days and was packaged very well and the cigars arrived safe and sound. The cigars were fresh however one in the pack of five was defective as the wrapper was split and unraveled which is unusual for this brand. I intend on making regular purchases from CI for all my smoking needs. Highly recommended.
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,Does not disappoint,"My experience is with the Robusto Maduro. This cigar has not disappointed yet. Great bold taste and strength. So many cigars start out with a great taste and then turn bitter, these DO NOT. Perfect draw and good enough burn. Not razor sharp on the burn but no troubles at all. I only wish they would pack these in a more appropriately attractive box. These sticks deserve that much."
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,Cain by Oliva Best Smoke,Most excellent smoke have been enjoying them for years. I highly recommend them.
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,Cain is able.,"A very good smoke, I prefer long slender mild smokes and this is one"
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,"Excellent. I had never even heard of this cigar but I bought one today and it was an outstanding smoke. Very even, cool burn, with an excellent flavor. Considerably more expensive than most cigars I smoke but I would have to say it was worth the price. I recommend."
Cain by Oliva,4 out of 5,Great stick. A little tight,Great stick. A little tight on the draw.
Cain by Oliva,3 out of 5,Bold!,Too bold for me but I finished it...
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,"Try them, you'll like them!","I was surprised by this stick. I had a Cain or two. I picked this up in a new shop and thought, well, it's worth a shot. Wow! I am way sorry not to have tried this before! Great taste, great construction, easy smoking. This will be my next box buy! AWESOME!"
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,Louis Hesselt-van-Din,"Very good smoke. Lots of flavor not harsh at all. Only complaint, not as strong as original issue."
Cain by Oliva,2 out of 5,Not the cigar it was in past years.,"There is a change to the flavor and consistency that are not welcome. They burn somewhat hot rather than the smooth flavorful draw they had in the past. I was very disappointed, especially at the price of these."
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"Full flavor, great construction, lots of smoke. This is a just a great cigar, no doubt about it."
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,An excellent full bodied smoke,Now my favorite cigar by far
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,"Cain ""F"" series","Being a fan of the original ""Cain"" series, I was doubtful of the ""F"" series, thinking that it was a piggyback effort like a lot of the cigar producers,....to my delight this was not the case. The ""F"" series is an improvement on a wonderful cigar, and not a cigar to be taken lightly,...."
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,This was a great smoke. Great from start to finish if you're looking for a full flavor cigar. Will Buy Again!
Cain by Oliva,4 out of 5,Good smoke,"The Robusto F is a good smoke, but not as good as the 660. That is a great smoke."
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,Awesome smoke,It has been one of my favorites since it came out. Wonderful construction and burn and a great smoke!
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,WELL DONE,"From start to finish, a well made stick. Slightly firm yet steady draw with a perfect amount of smoke throughout. Flavor actually trumps strength in the final 3rd. Enjoy with your favorite beverage..."
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,"Winner, from all angles","I love this cigar! Even, consistent burn, big plumes of smoke with a very smooth taste. Satisfying to the palate, and goes well with anything from coffee to Bourbon. I highly recommend this cigar, definitely a winner--I know I will be buying more of them."
Cain by Oliva,3 out of 5,Cain by Oliva 'F' Habano Lancero,I usually get the 660. I love it so much I decided to try the robusto and lancero. The 660 while very full is also very smooth. The lancero not so much. Kind of novel but will most likely not order that size again.
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,Cain F,"Cigars are bold and full bodied! I've been smoking these for a few years and never seem to let me down. Put your ""big boy"" pants on for a great smoke!"
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,Big Daddy Cain,Iv'e been smoking Cain's for a few years one of my favorites
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,ain by Oliva,"Fantastic cigar. Perfect burn, nice pull, pleasant taste. It is now my go to cigar for that post dinner smoke."
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,Cain,Hands down My favorite cigar
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,Excellent!!!,Excellent cigar perfection in all phases. The closer this thing gets to the nub the better it is. Truly a wonderful cigar!!!
Cain Daytona by Oliva,4 out of 5,"My first experience, on a","My first experience, on a golf course, was just ok. However, when I allowed myself to chill and really enjoy this cigar, it came alive. A nice medium-bodied smoke with a good amount of rich flavors."
Cain Daytona by Oliva,5 out of 5,Love them,Great flavor great draw great burn
Cain Daytona by Oliva,4 out of 5,Good every day smoke,Wanted to replace the partagas I’ve grown disappointed in. Nice construction and draw with a similar flavor as partagas. Never bites and price is reasonable.
Cain Daytona by Oliva,5 out of 5,cinnamon red hots,One of my favorites! Tastes reminiscent of those childhood candies.
Cain Daytona by Oliva,5 out of 5,Olivia Daytona,Still one of my favorites
Cain Daytona by Oliva,5 out of 5,Good smoke,No complaints here. Good consistent smoke.
Cain Daytona by Oliva,5 out of 5,Cain daytona,Burns well and is a mild
Cain Daytona by Oliva,5 out of 5,Cain Daytona,"One of my favorites, substantial and not heavy, even and consistent. Yet solid flavor and aroma, clean pull and nice smoke. My go to cigar."
Cain Daytona by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great cigars and a good price!,Great cigars and great service from CI. Oliva serie V is one of my favorite cigars so when I saw the deal on the Robusto I had to go for it.
Cain Daytona by Oliva,4 out of 5,Very nice cigar !!! Smooth,Very nice cigar !!! Smooth and rich!!
Cain Daytona by Oliva,4 out of 5,Tom,Smooth at first draw - stays great - slightly harsh close to end
Cain Daytona by Oliva,5 out of 5,Cain Daytona,"Always dependable cigar. Milder than other Cains allowing a smoke down to a stub. I like to smoke these in the late afternoon, mild enough to handle on an empty stomach."
Cain Daytona by Oliva,5 out of 5,Five stars,Easy pull and smooth finish. One of my favorites.
Cain Daytona by Oliva,5 out of 5,Cain daytona,"Always good, smooth, tasty. Right up my alley."
Cain Daytona by Oliva,5 out of 5,I think this Cain Daytona,I think this Cain Daytona is an excellent cigar. The wrapper leaves are some of the finest I've seen and the construction is excellent. Always a very consistent burn with very little touch up needed. Medium to full bodied with a very nice smooth character. One of my favorite smokes and not too expensive
Cain Daytona by Oliva,5 out of 5,"Cain Daytona, yes!","Absolutely one of my favorite smokes. Some of the knock offs or seconds are similar, but not quite there."
Cain Daytona by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great smooth smoke...,"Cain & Olivia, how can you go wrong? I've smoked these Daytona's for a couple of years and don't plan on stopping anytime soon!
Great start, even burn, smooth draw and nice creamy finish..."
Cain Daytona by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great Service And Shipping,I am definitely going to be a repeat customer. Great prices and service.
Cain Daytona by Oliva,5 out of 5,recent purchase,excellent cigar nice and smooth and a nice even burn throughout the smoke !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Cain Daytona by Oliva,5 out of 5,Cain Daytona,For a medium body cigar these really deliver the flavor!
Cain Daytona by Oliva,5 out of 5,Cain Daytona,One of my favorite cigars. Smooth yet very flavorful. Well worth the price.
Cain Daytona by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great Smoke!,"Well-made, smooth, very consistent, has a wonderful Nicaraguan flavor"
Cain Daytona by Oliva,4 out of 5,"Oliva, Always A Winner","I may not be a connoisseur but I damn well know what I like and the Cain line never disappoints—flavor, a quiet strength that relaxes me after a tough day of retirement. A real go-to."
Cain F Nub by Oliva,5 out of 5,Awesome,"I got a few of these in a multi pack a year or so ago, they quickly become my favorite! Nice smooth full bodied!"
Cain F Nub by Oliva,5 out of 5,Consistently satisfying,"I smoke Cain F regularly - I keep buying the Nub sampler pa ks that in clude them. One of my favorite Nubs. Beautiful wrapper leaf and great constructuion - someone else described the appearance as ""seamless"" and that is spot on. This is a,bold smoke but not a strong one - it is smooth throughout the smoke - rich flavors but not at all harsh or overwhelming. This is a consistently satisfying cigar."
Cain F Nub by Oliva,5 out of 5,Empty Ash Tray!,"Smoked the whole thing with ash fully intact. Not much effort either. If that’s not another example of Oliva’s consistency, what else do you need? Also, it’ll knock your socks off."
Cain F Nub by Oliva,5 out of 5,Truly full bodied,Super cigar in the classic tasty Nub tradition.
Cain F Nub by Oliva,5 out of 5,Cain F Nub by Oliva,"Excellent cigar. Smooth, good burn, long ash."
Cain F Nub by Oliva,5 out of 5,Love it,"Huge fan of the nub line, and have always like a complex full bodied cigar. If you like full bodied ligero with rich complex notes packed in a nub sized package you won't be disappointed."
Cain F Nub by Oliva,5 out of 5,Nub Cain F's are awesome,These stogies are a little stronger than I expected. I have smoked a few by now though and am enjoying each one more than the last. This comes as no big surprise to me because I've smokes several Nubs and never had a bad one.
Cain F Nub by Oliva,5 out of 5,very strong cigar,"Good cigar if you like em strong and dark. Smokes about an hour. good construction, and burn."
Cain F Nub by Oliva,5 out of 5,Nub tastic!!,Great Nicaraguan smoke with taste of leather and spices. The smoke is great from start to finish! Big Bang for for the money!! Nub hit a home run with this one.
Cain Nub by Oliva,5 out of 5,Superb Shortie!,"When taking a long walk, reading the paper or magazine or just watching the world go by - this smooth, rich, aromatic stogie is perfect!"
Cain Nub by Oliva,5 out of 5,My Smokes,One of my personal favorites
Cain Nub by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great stick!!,"Damn, what can I say!! This shorty hit the sweet spot. Explosion on the palate at first draw. Great draw not overwhelming good 1/2 hr smoke with a cup of coffee.."
Cain Nub by Oliva,5 out of 5,Very good,Taste good and smooth burns very well too for the price the package the price is very good
Cain Nub by Oliva,5 out of 5,"wow, great highly recommend it","this was the first time I had the cain habano nub it was great,can't wait for the next one awesome Roger G"
Cain Nub by Oliva,5 out of 5,Cain Nubs,"I really love the line of Nubs,The only downfall is you wish they were longer, ss I dont want it to end, I have tryed cheap immatitons but they dont compair, Keep them coming Thanks, MJF"
Cain Nub by Oliva,5 out of 5,Short Cigars,Recently got a free sampler of Nubs with a purchase. The Cain is bold and flavorful for full fans. A true gem!
Cain Nub by Oliva,2 out of 5,Cain Nub,I thought would try this little fatty because I really like the regular Nub Habano 460. Well this was a mistake. Not close to the same cigar. This one is a little to harsh for me. Will not buy again.
Cain Nub by Oliva,5 out of 5,Cain Nub by Oliva 460 Habano,Great cigar full flavor great when you want a quick smoke
Cain Nub by Oliva,4 out of 5,Cain Nub,Surprisingly more flavor than expected and more satisfying for a bolder taste than the regular Nubs. Also a great size for golf !
Cain Nub by Oliva,5 out of 5,They were great smokes,They were great smokes
Cain Nub by Oliva,4 out of 5,Good things in short packages.,"Great flavors build as you go. Perfect draw, bundles of smoke, and nice even burn."
Cain Nub by Oliva,2 out of 5,Not for me,Not for me. Burn was bad and uneven. Won't buy this one again
Cain Nub by Oliva,5 out of 5,"Skeptical at First, then Blown Away.","I was highly skeptical of the ""nub"" thing at first. This cigar has some DELICIOUS and elegant flavors. Sweet caramel, cocoa, and coffee, offset with just the right amount of spice and leather. I was blown away. Box material for sure and has good aging potential."
Caldwell Anastasia H,5 out of 5,Caldwell Anastasia,Just can't beat a Caldwell and the Anastasia H is another example of blended perfection.
Caldwell Anastasia H,5 out of 5,Become a member.,"I just became a monthly sample member so I only got one of these in the sample pack. New to cigars so not much experience but this cigar is awesome. It has a distinct taste I couldn’t figure out, so it made me look it up. True to the description. Thanks for including it in the sampler CI. Become a member and experience different cigars."
Caldwell Anastasia H,5 out of 5,Excelent,"About the best 1 l have smoked
All the way to the stub ++q"
Caldwell Anastasia H,5 out of 5,GREAT STICK,I really like this cigar. Great Burn. Full of flavor. Very consistent.
Caldwell Anastasia H,5 out of 5,Hidden Gem,This is a great cigar. I consider it the best Caldwell has to offer.
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,5 out of 5,Caldwell doesn’t disappoint I like,Caldwell doesn’t disappoint I like this cigar after a meal
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,5 out of 5,"Rich, rich flavor","Rich, rich flavor"
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,5 out of 5,These are always a favorite.,These are on my repeat purchase list.
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,5 out of 5,Hidden Treasure,Found Caldwell within last year and place them up there withDrew Estates.
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,4 out of 5,Visitor’s Cigar,"I got these in cigar fest. Very smooth, same flavor throughout, I would say it’s a beginner cigar. If you’re looking for different flavors along the way, if you want enjoy more in the middle and thickness of the smoke, that’s not for you. Good for the price that you pay and well worth the value of the cigar."
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,4 out of 5,Very nice,"What a nice smooth cigar. Burns well and even. Nice draw,not too loose or too tight. Ordered 2 boxes"
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,5 out of 5,"Never heard of it, so I tried it.","Smooth, easy draw. Nice, slight hints of spice. Nothing too crazy, but there. Worth giving a try."
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,4 out of 5,Cigar Lover,Received one of these at cigar fest and enjoyed very much so I bought a box. I find this cigar very flavorful and a pleasure to smoke.
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,5 out of 5,Blind Man's Bluff,"This is my favorite non-cuban cigar. Very complex in flavor. Sweet, mild and almost creamy at times."
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,5 out of 5,Just a consistent draw and great flavor,"Very Consistent draw, tastes good to the end. Burns evenly"
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,5 out of 5,Great smoke !,"This cigar is a medium to full bodied and has flavors of coco and is not to spicy,
A great smoke when you just want to relax."
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,5 out of 5,My new favorite!,"Wow! Great cigar. Tried one of these in a CO sampler and fell in love with it. Excellent construction. Very thick, creamy smoke. Notes of creamy coffee, cocoa and caramel, yes caramel after the halfway mark My new favorite stick. You don't even have to retrohale to taste it. Retrohale it to get all the delicious flavors."
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Great smoke. My go to all the time. Def buying again.
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,4 out of 5,Great smoke,Smooth and great body.
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,5 out of 5,One of my favorites,One of my favorites
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,5 out of 5,smokin good,The per-light so nice. Floral old world notes. The draw was effortless beautiful. And the leather and some chocolate and spicy hit the my pallet in waves for smokey delight. A very nice involving cigar. Construction was excellent :-)
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,5 out of 5,Blind Man's Bluff,Great smoke at an awesome price.
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,5 out of 5,Great stick!,"Great taste, even burn and overall fantastic cigar for the price. would definitely recommend it to anyone !"
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,3 out of 5,Just Ok!,"Not what I was expecting from this cigar, very bland no transitions, not worth all the hype it was built up to be in my opinion!"
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,5 out of 5,Caldwell continues to impress!,This is a very enjoyable cigar. Caldwell continues to impress. They are making waves and deservingly so!
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,5 out of 5,Excellent,Nice draw burns great taste awesome!
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,5 out of 5,Consistent to the end,The reason I reordered this cigar is that it stays with you to the end no harshness towards the end like other I have had Nice draw
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,3 out of 5,I'm not impressed.,"Nice construction, beautiful cigar, even burn, but I was not impressed. I've tasted much better cigars from Caldwell, Co. This one left me scratching my head. It was just a flat smoke and very one dimensional. There were no transitions in flavors, which I'm use to receiving from this company. I'll let the others sit for a couple of months in my humidor and see what develops, but I don't think there's much to work with flavors wise for a better profile later."
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,4 out of 5,Caldwell Blind Man’s Bluff,"Great Smoke! Subtle flavor that sneaks up on you. Might be hard for a newer smoker to appreciate the subtle flavors, but a seasoned puffer will really enjoy it."
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,5 out of 5,Blind mans bluff,Always a great cigar
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,5 out of 5,a great smoke,One of the best non-rated cigars I've smoked lately.
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,3 out of 5,Uninspiring and lifeless,"I wanted to love this cigar, I really did. I had heard so many good things. Ultimately, it wasn't a bad cigar by any means. The cigar is was medium bodied, but flat and lifeless. I was hoping for some flavor profile to emerge, but it never did. Just an average cigar that left me unimpressed."
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"It was a smooth, satisfying smoke."
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,5 out of 5,Very good smoke well balanced,Very good smoke well balanced
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,5 out of 5,Blind Man's Gold,"This is a very unique cigar. Very enjoyable! Excellent construction, as well as flawless draw. You get a salted Carmel, spice, cedar, and pretzel flavors on the palette. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a great botique cigar."
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff Connecticut,4 out of 5,A good find,"Bought this at a local cigar shop, knowing nothing about it. I was pleasantly surprised. Smokes smooth and evenly with good flavor. Will definitely order some of these for my ongoing enjoyment"
Caldwell Collection - E.S. Midnight Express,5 out of 5,Great stick,"I have never had this sick before, but I am very satisfied with the notes in this stick"
Caldwell Collection - E.S. Midnight Express,5 out of 5,Really nice! 92-94 rated by me,"Liked them so much I picked up 5 boxes on a sale. Just had one this evening, and enjoyed it more than the last... These things age well. The 7 months I already have on some makes a noticeable difference, I look forward to seeing how they burn in another 2 years! Caldwell makes several multi-box-purchase worthy sticks. The last czar being another one of my Caldwell favs. The corona is the perfect size for this one in my opinion. I usually like a bigger ring gauge, but the 46 suits it well."
Caldwell Collection - E.S. Midnight Express,3 out of 5,Cigars came and they were,Cigars came and they were a little dry
Caldwell Collection - E.S. Midnight Express,5 out of 5,Get em by the box.,"Excellent stick. Good draw and consistency. Mild on the palette yet plenty of kick. Gets really good as the ash gets longer. This, for me, is a finger burner! 80 minutes on a Corona...Yeah."
Caldwell Collection - E.S. Midnight Express,5 out of 5,Choo Choo,"Can't go wrong with Caldwell Collection. Always been a fan of the Long Live the King, Eastern Standard, Blind Man's Bluff and now the Midnight Express has catapulted to the top of that list. Easily one of my favorite sticks!"
Caldwell Collection - E.S. Midnight Express,5 out of 5,Top 5,Caldwell has always provided great sticks with long ash and heavy smoke. The Midnight Express has been added to my Top 5 rotation. Ordered 5 sticks and shared them and wish I hadn't! I will definitely order more...full box next order.
Caldwell Collection - Eastern Standard,4 out of 5,the first 2/3's tho!!,"These smokes are super underrated. might have the best first 2/3s in the game, the only problem I could think of is the last third..for some reason everything that is great about this cigar leaves at that point...IDK. but overall still amazing sticks one of my all-time favs"
Caldwell Collection - Eastern Standard,5 out of 5,Best ever,Best ever
Caldwell Collection - Eastern Standard,5 out of 5,Not your daddy's Connecticut,Great stick perfect construction and draw. One of my favorites
Caldwell Collection - Eastern Standard,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Love this cigar when it comes on the deal of the day
Caldwell Collection - Eastern Standard,5 out of 5,Caldwell eastern std,"Smooth, great taste, accurate med strength, great construction. Its in my all-time top 10."
Caldwell Collection - Eastern Standard,4 out of 5,Caldwell eastern standard,Good smoke. Not too long not too short just right
Caldwell Collection - Eastern Standard,5 out of 5,Great Robusto...,This is one of the best medium body Robustos on the market!! Very balanced with just enough complexity of flavor!! Has become one of my favorite smokes...can’t go wrong with this smoke.
Caldwell Collection - Eastern Standard,5 out of 5,Great Smoke!,Really enjoy this Caldwell cigar! Excellent construction and burn.
Caldwell Collection - Eastern Standard,5 out of 5,Caldwell Eastern Standard,"Showed up right on time, as usual. Great smoke. Mild to medium. Notes of cream and citrus. New favorite morning smoke with coffee."
Caldwell Collection - Eastern Standard,5 out of 5,great,love this cigar A+
Caldwell Collection - Eastern Standard,5 out of 5,Very good truly med smoke.,Very good truly med smoke.
Caldwell Collection - Eastern Standard,5 out of 5,Super Cigar,"I enjoy a number of the Caldwell smokes and this one is very smooth and fairly mild. I don't recommend it when you want a richer experience, but I really like this in warmer weather and definitely on a golf course."
Caldwell Collection - Eastern Standard,4 out of 5,As Expected!,"Good draw, fairly mild smoke. Caldwell makes a great cigar. Not right for those who want a full bodied smoke, but great for a nice experience."
Caldwell Collection - Eastern Standard,5 out of 5,caldwell,Great cigar
Caldwell Collection - Eastern Standard,5 out of 5,These are great cigars!,These cigars are rolled perfectly and the blend of various tobacco make for a very tasty cigar!! Highly recommended!!!!
Caldwell Collection - Long Live The King,5 out of 5,Very nice Cigar,Slow burning cigar with a very refreshing taste.
Caldwell Collection - Long Live The King,5 out of 5,Beyond Good.,Outstanding. Top 10! Need to order a box.
Caldwell Collection - Long Live The King,5 out of 5,Long Live The King-Excellent,Great smoke and perfect burn. I’m a Caldwell fan but I’m really liking this stick which is right up there in the top 3 of the many blends. Spicy which gives it the bite I’m into along with a bunch of flavors that are hard to pin down. I like when my cigar goes through several flavor changes. Medium to full with a razor sharp white ash makes it hard to not chain smoke these babies. Well worth the list price but the diligent eye can ferret out a deal maybe 30% or more lower.
Caldwell Collection - Long Live The King,5 out of 5,Long live the King,Love them!!!
Caldwell Collection - Long Live The King,5 out of 5,Big dog,Thisvis a wonderful smoke that i acquired during the make your own best offer. Delivered in fine fashion as always. Smooth to the finish...buy them by the box
Caldwell Collection - Long Live The King,4 out of 5,Short Churchill called well Long live the king,From the 1st Draw to last very good smoke Even burn throughout Smoked at while playing golf wonderful recommended
Caldwell Collection - Long Live The King,5 out of 5,Why did I wait so long!!!!!,"I'm a medium to full bodied smoker and I have enjoyed some of Caldwell's other medium bodied offerings. I figured this would be a good smoke but wasn't expecting a new top 5 favorite. This cigar is outstanding all the way around tons of flavor with the right amount of oomph. Again why did I wait so damn long to try this.
Get you some."
Caldwell Collection - Long Live The King,5 out of 5,This is my go to cigar,"I am a big fan of Robert Caldwell cigars, this would be one of my favorites. Mild to medium cigars with great flavors of earth, white pepper and black pepper on the finish. Love this cigar."
Caldwell Collection - Long Live The King,5 out of 5,Long Live The King,Awesome stick!!! Never disappoints!!!
Caldwell Collection - Long Live The King,5 out of 5,Fabulous,Worth every pennys
Caldwell Collection - Long Live The King,5 out of 5,one of the best,this is one best cigars on the the market fans of reminds me of opus x and other full bodied cigars a must try
Caldwell Collection - Long Live The King,5 out of 5,Great smoke smoked 5 so,Great smoke smoked 5 so far all perfectly balanced and great draw
Caldwell Collection - Long Live The King,5 out of 5,worth the money,i've smoked over 600 cigars so far this year and this is by far one of the best ones. only found this cigar due to Cigar of the month club I will now buy this as well as the midnight express
Caldwell Collection - Long Live The King,5 out of 5,Mild to medium no pepper great stick,"Great cigar, nowhere near full strength. This is a mild to medium."
Caldwell Collection - Long Live The King,5 out of 5,Amazing,Amazing cigar. Explosion of flavors and very smooth burning smoke.
Caldwell Collection - Long Live The King,5 out of 5,Nothing beats a Caldwell,"Without a doubt one of the best cigars you can buy period. Worth every penny, well crafted, smooth, amazing quality."
Caldwell Collection - Long Live The King,4 out of 5,All Hail to Da' King!,"When it comes to Dominican Puros, I'm on the fence. But ""Long Live the King"" is just that. I gave it a try b/c I enjoy Corojo Tabacco. Smooth but full-bodied with Full flavor. This a great cigar. Very much worth the price point. I keep em' in the humidor. It's become a go to. The wrapper is oily, so I recommend sitting it out the morning if you plan to smoke in the evening."
Caldwell Collection - Long Live The King,5 out of 5,Long live the king,Excellent smoke! A must try!! Shipped quickly in good condition
Caldwell Collection - Long Live The King,5 out of 5,Out of the park,Caldwell right now is putting out amazing gars. The long live the king is a knockout.
Caldwell Collection - The King Is Dead,4 out of 5,Caldwell well called👍,Slow burner.
Caldwell Hit and Run Part Deux (Rip and Dip),5 out of 5,Fantastic,"This is a fantastic Cigar. Great smoke through and through. I tend to find that whenever I smoke new cigars I rarely find them to be as satisfying as this one turned out to be. This has quickly become one of my favorite smokes.
Definitely going to check out more by Caldwell ..."
Caldwell Long Live the King Mad MF,5 out of 5,CALDWELL LLTK M MF,THIS IS DEFINITELY A GREAT CIGAR WORTH MENTIONING!!HAD LET IT SIT IN THE HUMIDOR FOR AROUND A MONTH AND WOW SIMPLY A GREAT CIGAR!! WILL DEFINITELY PURCHASE AGAIN !!! EVEN BETTER WITH A GREAT SINGLE MALT !!
Caldwell Long Live the King Mad MF,5 out of 5,Best cigar,It’s the best cigar I had I love them you will be very happy with this cigar
Caldwell Long Live the King Mad MF,5 out of 5,Another winner!,"I'm a huge fan of just about everything Caldwell makes...but this smoke is something extra special...every bit as strong as the original LLTK line, but just a bit ""rounder"" with tons on chocolate, spice, and an extra pleasant leathery component that intensifies the entire length of the cigar..."
Caldwell Long Live the King Mad MF,5 out of 5,Amazing,This is another amazing cigar from Caldwell.
Caldwell Long Live the King Mad MF,5 out of 5,Top 5,This Stick is definitely in my Top 5 along with the 1st LLTK. I really enjoyed this flavor pack stick from beginning to end. Caldwell did it again!
Caldwell Lost & Found One Night Stand,5 out of 5,Great smoke!!,Great smoke!!
Caldwell Savages,5 out of 5,Very Enjoyable Smoke,"Very nice cigar, with a fruity/ nutty tastes. Some pepper flavors did appear, but didn't overwhelm the taste. Construction was excellent, though I would have proffered a slightly looser draw. First 2/3rds were perfect with natural progression in strength happening in the final third. I gave it a final rating off a 93. I would suggest this stick to those who enjoy mediums to medium-fulls. Smoking time: 1 hour 10 minutes for the Corona Extra."
Caldwell The Last Tsar,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,Very well balanced and enjoyable! Would certainly order again!
Caldwell The Last Tsar,5 out of 5,This was a very enjoyable cigar!,"I am a Liga Privada guy. I smoke the 9 and the T52 on a regular basis but I was given this cigar by my golf partner. I never heard of Caldwell, but I can tell you that this cigar rocked. I really like the Last Tsar. It is a very smooth cigar, mild to full but it was an awesome smoke. Although my order record shows that I ordered a Churchill, I am sure it was a Belicoso, because it was very short about 5.5 inches. Regardless, it was a great smoke, I will order the Churchill the next time, because this cigar burned pretty quickly, about an hour. I was done with it by the 6th hole, but......It was very enjoyable and I will order again. If you want to take it on the golf course, I would suggest you order the Churchill, it will at least get you to the back 9 and beyond. You learn something new every day, especially the fact that Caldwell makes a dam good cigar.......Very impressed!"
Caldwell The Last Tsar,5 out of 5,YUP,Unbelievable smoke
Caldwell The T,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,My favorite cigar to date. Lots of flavor
Caldwell The T,5 out of 5,Great stick....highly recommend.,Well constructed and smooth draw from start to finish. I would say it falls on the medium side for strength. Shared a box it with a large group of cigar smokers and everyone had nothing but good things to say about the stick. Good collabo stick.
Caldwell The T Connecticut,4 out of 5,T is for Try it..,"Smooth connie.. definitely a more relaxed departure from the Original T.
Smooth, Woodsy, faintly sweet cream, with a touch of Hay throughout.
Blue and white smoke
Burn is good
Mild to lower spectrum of Medium
Connie fans may love this one—
Its a great 5 packer all day!!"
Caldwell The T Habano,5 out of 5,One for the humidor rotation,"Had one. It was super. Plenty of flavor, spice coffee and a little black pepper. burn tome was an hour & twenty minutes
I’m buying a box. Try a stick!"
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,First time smoking a Camacho,Great smoke. easy smooth draw. Looks darker thank it tastes. Very Medium
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Smooth smoke with hints of pepper and spice. I like that you get notes of the bourbon but it doesn't over power the rest of the flavors like other infused cigars do. Always keep these in stock.
Camacho American Barrel Aged,4 out of 5,Rich and full of flavor,Rich and full of flavor
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,Awesome sticks,Product arrived a day ahead of schedule. I already loved the undercrown and the American barrel aged so i found this deal and im happy with it.
Camacho American Barrel Aged,4 out of 5,Great for the price!!!,one of my favorite cheaper go to cigars
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,Best so far,The best I’ve gotten so far from CI. Aging in a bourbon barrel really gives a unique and pleasant flavor. I will next get Padron to compare
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,A great full-bodied cigar,"I like most Camacho cigars,but the Barrel Aged are my favorite. Well constructed with a good burn and full of flavor. They definately fit the bill as a no-nonsense full-bodied cigar, one that doesn't disappoint."
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,Love the American Barell Aged,Perfect cigar for pairing with a good Kentucky Bourbon. Enjoy outside on a crisp fall evening.
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,The bees knees,Good stuff
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,Good smoke!,"Great stick! Medium flavor. Even burn.
Only had to light once."
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Great smoke. Tasteful and even burn.
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent cigar. It has a good even burn !!!
Camacho American Barrel Aged,4 out of 5,Camacho,Pleasantly surprised! Nice and fresh with easy draw and a boatload of flavor. Great all around smoke. Gimme some more!
Camacho American Barrel Aged,4 out of 5,Great cigar!,It's a Camacho!
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"Very smooth full stogie, but as all very good cigars...…..out of my price range"
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,One of my husband's top 5 cigars,"And his only ""flavored"" cigar that makes it in the top 40"
Camacho American Barrel Aged,4 out of 5,Camacho,"Started a little harsh, but then blended into a good medium flavor"
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,Camacho American barrel aged,One of my favorite sticks absolutely love the flavor they never disappoint
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,Pleasantly surprised with the taste and burn...,"Nice quality smoke with a smooth, aromatic taste and consistent, slow burn. I highly recommend this cigar..."
Camacho American Barrel Aged,4 out of 5,Camacho barrel aged.,"Very smooth and tasty, cigars draws great. Perfect size too!"
Camacho American Barrel Aged,4 out of 5,Delicious,Smooth draw with all the right flavors
Camacho American Barrel Aged,4 out of 5,good cigar,good cigar
Camacho American Barrel Aged,4 out of 5,Good cigar . A little,Good cigar . A little bit strong
Camacho American Barrel Aged,3 out of 5,dlrbill,"not a bad smoke, but hard on the draw"
Camacho American Barrel Aged,3 out of 5,Just ok. Funky flavor. May,Just ok. Funky flavor. May let the remaining ones age a bit to see how they turn out.
Camacho American Barrel Aged,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Camacho American Barrel Aged,4 out of 5,"Nice draw, good burn, strong","Nice draw, good burn, strong flavor"
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,Best freebie ever!,"Was an add on with a sampler purchase. Great surprise!! Good flavor, mild, and went perfectly with an aged bourbon on th e back porch!!"
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,Camacho American Barrel Aged Robusto,I found this to be a very good smoke.
Camacho American Barrel Aged,4 out of 5,camacho,good smoke
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,Ive bought from you guys,Ive bought from you guys a few times now and im never disappointed. You guys are the best!
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,American ages,Smooth smoke and has me ready to try other Comacho brands.
Camacho American Barrel Aged,2 out of 5,Camacho Barrel Aged,"I was very disappointed with this cigar. I'm not a guy who notices ""woodsy"" or ""cedar"" or ""coffee"" notes. I smoke a cigar and it's either - to me - good or it's not good. This one is not."
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,Camacho American barrel,The best cigar out there I think. I would like to see the price come down a little bit
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,Pairs nicely with a bourbon,Smooth well made cigar that is perfect with a nice bourbon.
Camacho American Barrel Aged,4 out of 5,Flavorful,Good/easy/loose draw. Very smooth/aged/flavorful. They are bold from the get-go and become stronger as you smoke them down so sometimes I put them out with a couple of inches left. Maybe I'm a lightweight.
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,Awesome,"Very good, dark, rich and smooth."
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,Excellent,Great cigar super service. ThNks
Camacho American Barrel Aged,2 out of 5,Decent every day cigar. But,Decent every day cigar. But didn’t peak my interest. I’d go elsewhere
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,Camacho Corrojo great cigar,Great smoke was very satisfying good thick smoke and even burn. A darn well made cigar from inside out.
Camacho American Barrel Aged,4 out of 5,Tasty smoke,"I got this cigar in a sampler pack and was really looking forward to trying it. I generally enjoy robust, full-bodied smokes and this did not disappoint. The burn was even with a nice light ash and a decent amount of smoke. Only trouble was the pack was a little tight so the draw was not perfect. I am hopeful that was the failing of the one I smoked and will not be the norm with the other 4 I have. Looking forward to trying another."
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,Camacho,Sorry to say the wrapper is on the dry side. But I like the taste.
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,Great buy.,These cigars are one of the most flavorful and smooth smokes available.
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,"Nice cigar. Smooth draw and as you smoke you can pick up hints of the Bourbon and oak. Some pepper notes as well. Sit sown and enjoy this one with a nice glass of Bourbon, preferably a Bourbon that is on the sweet side."
Camacho American Barrel Aged,3 out of 5,Disappointed,Was expecting some bourdon flavors but not even a hint. Good cigar but not worth the up charge for the bourbon aging.
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,A very solid cigar!,I found the Camacho to be a first rate cigar. It was exceeding well made and really packed a punch. I’ll buy this one again.
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,Great,"Very good burn, great flavor and strength"
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,A barrel full of flavor,"Can't go wrong with this gem. Full bodied masterpiece from Camacho. Not for everyone, this cigar is only for those who can appreciate a fine smoke sitting back with a great Bourbon in one hand and this beauty in the other."
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,Camacho aged,Cigars was awesome - everything I expected from a Camacho cigar.
Camacho BG Meyer Standard Issue,4 out of 5,Give it a whack!,This cigar is great if your low on time and want to experience a lot of flavor with mellow nicotine. I would honestly recommend this for a newbie. Or a great quick stick! Salud my friends
Camacho BG Meyer Standard Issue,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"Great smoke, hate to have it end...."
Camacho BG Meyer Standard Issue,5 out of 5,My new favorite,My new favorite
Camacho BG Meyer Standard Issue,5 out of 5,Camacho’ Shorties,Great smoke when you don’t have time for a full cigar!
Camacho BG Meyer Standard Issue,5 out of 5,Camacho Tins,Excellent value from a great company! Good tasting cigar that lasts surprisingly long for its size.
Camacho BG Meyer Standard Issue,4 out of 5,nice,nice
Camacho BG Meyer Standard Issue,4 out of 5,Tasty Slackers,"I love these little suckers, great size for a quick smoke while BBQ'g or working outside.
I feel like they lean more towards Med-Mild, but are a tasty little treat!"
Camacho BG Meyer Standard Issue,5 out of 5,New favorite for a quick smoke,Really a good smoke. Burn time is about 30-45 minutes and smooth. Plenty of smoke. I will get more .
Camacho BG Meyer Standard Issue,5 out of 5,"Camacho Slackers,","Wow, what a great smoke for those times when you can't enjoy a full size cigar! Smooth and tasty right till the end."
Camacho BG Meyer Standard Issue,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Camacho BG Meyer Standard Issue,3 out of 5,Slackers,Smoked just one so far out of the tin a bit dry getting them on sale. Has about 1/2 of the Camacho flavor from my experience. Still a good short smoke that should get better with time in the humidor.
Camacho BG Meyer Standard Issue,4 out of 5,Nice,These are a great little smoke for a quick BBQ or to step outside to get away for a second. Smooth with enough taste to make them worth it
Camacho BG Meyer Standard Issue,4 out of 5,"Pretty good, good burn, fair","Pretty good, good burn, fair flavor"
Camacho BG Meyer Standard Issue,5 out of 5,Cigar Review BG Meyers,"I enjoyed these tasty little cigars, they are a mild smoke, well constructed and have a consistent burn. For a short, quick smoke I would recommend them for anyone looking to enjoy a small yet satisfying cigar. And the tins they come in make them convenient for travel."
Camacho BG Meyer Standard Issue,5 out of 5,camacho,nice 30 min smoke at a good price
Camacho BG Meyer Standard Issue,4 out of 5,Nice Break,Nice short cigar for a break.
Camacho BG Meyer Standard Issue,5 out of 5,A Very special time for yourself,This was a good experience. It has a lot of enjoyable flavors very complex. Nice for a quick moment any time of the day.
Camacho BG Meyer Standard Issue,5 out of 5,short smoke,This is going to be my short smoke cigar. I love these.
Camacho BG Meyer Standard Issue,5 out of 5,Slackers,"Great little smoke. Smooth,mild and flavorful. Especially when you don't have a lot of time but REALLY need a cigar."
Camacho BG Meyer Standard Issue,3 out of 5,Not bad for a quick,Not bad for a quick smoke. But not too much flavor.
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,Tasty,One of the best connecticut cigars on the market!
Camacho Connecticut,4 out of 5,Cap crumble d while smoking.,Cap crumble d while smoking. Great flavor.
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,My Favorite Cigar,"Good smoke, always something to go back to."
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke from a class,Excellent smoke from a class company
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"Absolutely hands down my favorite smoke. Great draw , full of flavor and a great aroma all around. I recommend these to everyone."
Camacho Connecticut,3 out of 5,Good smokes.,Good smokes.
Camacho Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,Yummy and excellent.,My wife order Camacho for me as a Father's Day gift. It is Good cigar by all means. As My wife is excellent and her choose was excellent. We doggie Camacho. Don't be deceived by the look.
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,How good? Almost too good to share.,Nice smoke from start to finish. You hate for it to end.
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,Tasty mild smoke.,Very good mild cigar.
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,Well-Crafted,"This cigar is made with perfection. The draw is excellent, with an even burn. The flavor is as described, having notes of wood and citrus. It’s a nice change of pace and smooth to the end. I would buy again for sure."
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,Love at first smoke,Wow!! Love at first smoke. First one I tried paired real well with a Miller lite. Very pleasant mild flavors with a loose draw & crisp burn. Instantly became one of my top 5.
Camacho Connecticut,3 out of 5,You don’t know unless you try.,I was kind of disappointed with these cigars. I was expecting more with the ratings and comments on these sticks. The burn was not even the draw was marginal and kind of had a bad aftertaste. Maybe I just got a batch made on a Friday...
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,"Awesome cigar, price and service!",Super pleased with my recent purchase from you guys. Shipped fast and arrived in perfect condition! I won’t shop anywhere else.
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,"Great fast service, top quality!","Great fast service, top quality! Thank you!"
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,5 Stars,I've been buying from you for a while and have been extremely pleased. Keep up the excellent work!
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,look no further!,You’ve found it! The perfect medium strength cigar. Marry it with two fingers of a single malt scotch for an unforgettable experience!
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,Excellent Smoke,"A Connecticut wrapper a bit stronger than other brands, but very flavorful. I really enjoy these."
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great Cigar!,Excellent smoke - Mild to medium with enough flavor without the hard bite!
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,My favorite cigar,Excellent cigar. Smooth and creamy with an easy draw. Very well made. Highly recommend.
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,"Great smoke, smooth and a","Great smoke, smooth and a fantastic taste."
Camacho Connecticut,4 out of 5,Very nice indeed,Very nice indeed
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,"great flavor, better than average","great flavor, better than average draw"
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,Good service with very good,Good service with very good customer service. Only thing that could be better is bring back free delivery for your better customers
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,A fine smoke,A fine smoke
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,Best cigars ever,"Very good cigar, smooth, not too strong, easy relaxing enjoyable smoke."
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great Deal,This was one of the best deals I’ve bought. Hope they do it again!
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,camacho,yummy
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,Just what you expect from,Just what you expect from Camacho.
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,Camacho,"Great little cigars for walking around town or walking the dog, awesome Cigar . I love this brand ."
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great Cigar! I need another,Great Cigar! I need another box!
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,Top 3 favorite,Smoothest smoke ever had. Definitely in my top three favorite list
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great smoke that is well,Great smoke that is well made.
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,Nice smooth with a twang,Nice smooth with a twang
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,Awesome cigar,Awesome cigar
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,Good smoke,"Like anything you’re smoking, if it’s fresh, it’ll be fantastic. Mine were fresh, and came with a humidity pack. Awesome. It’s a lighter, smooth, relaxing smoke. Not harsh at all, well wrapped, it isn’t falling apart on me. Couldn’t ask for much more, I’ve bought these multiple times."
Camacho Connecticut,4 out of 5,Infamous since 1962,Very good cigar. Construction was firm but the draw was excellent for me. Great everyday cigar or sitting in the mountain with a nice glass of bourbon. Its the best Comacho I've had since the 11/18 I smoked 10 years ago.
Camacho Connecticut,3 out of 5,Medium body average taste,Medium body average taste
Camacho Connecticut,4 out of 5,Nice smoke!,"Smoked the robusto. Usually not a fan of Connecticut Shade wrapper but this cigar was actually quite nice. Bright and aromatic. Starts out like a typical CT cigar with grassy notes, but to this cigar's credit it really kept me engaged. If you are in the mood for a CT I would recommend the Camacho CT."
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,CAMACHO CT,Great cigar. Great taste. Great draw right to the end. Does not bite right down to the nub.
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,I thought I ordered with,"I thought I ordered with yellow label, I enjoy that more, than connettic"
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,One of my favorites.,Great anytime stick.
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,A go to cigar,"Terrific smoke. Smooth draw, easy on the palette."
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,My go-to every day smoke.,"I love these medium strength connecticuts. They have notes of sweetness, cedar and mild spice. Nice draw and construction for the price."
Camacho Connecticut,3 out of 5,To fast burn,Burned to fast. To loosely wrapped. Taste was ok. Not even close to Cohiba
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,A Humidor Staple,"Tasty and smooth, mild with a nice even burn."
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,These are excellent cigars. They have a mild flavor and a very easy draw. One of my favorites.
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,Love it,Very happy with the taste and burn
Camacho Connecticut BXP,5 out of 5,"Strong, smooth and consistent","Strong, smooth and consistent"
Camacho Connecticut BXP,5 out of 5,Love the cigar,Love the cigar
Camacho Connecticut BXP,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,Excellent smoke
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,Delicious Camacho,A very nice medium bodied cigar! Camacho never disappoints
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,Great,Very good cigar-excellent
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,"Awesome smoke, fast shipping","Awesome smoke, fast shipping"
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,Great smokes at reasonable prices.,Great smokes at reasonable prices.
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,JUST RIGHT,"this is the goldy locks of cigars, not to harsh but no to soft....... just right...!!!!!"
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,Great deal Well constructed cigar,"Great deal
Well constructed cigar full of flavor.
Wating for the next special will definitely buy again"
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,one of my favorite smokes.,one of my favorite smokes.
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,Great Cigars,Nice rich flavor
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,Nice vacation cigars,I alway buy these for vacation when I know there won’t be too many places to smoke. The flavor is good and full. It’s a fairly quick smoke and it doesn’t billow in smoke when you sneak a smoke on the balcony of a cruise ship.
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,Camacho Corojo,"Very smooth smoke medium bodied, great draw, starts a bit slow with some distinct flavors and really picks up a quarter way in. A pleasure from beginning to end. Has become one of my two favorites."
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Camacho Corojo,4 out of 5,Camacho corojo.,Good stogie burns and draws great.
Camacho Corojo,1 out of 5,Not a Fan.,"Agree with Reed K.
Usually, when I post a review here, it's to reward a cigar I really like. Not this time.
Though I prefer fullish, cigars, this one leaves me with sensation that I just swallowed a charcoal briquette. Harsh, nasty finish.
About half the Corojos I've tried didn't burn so well, either.
Best thing about it is that since it's so loosely constructed, it burns down quickly. One of those rare cigars that I toss and say ""that's enough of that one"".
FWIW, my comments here do not reflect on other Camacho offerings, some of which are pretty darned good."
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,Camacho Robusto,Excellent taste. Roll and burn quality was smooth and uninhibited. I have smoked five from one box and find the quality is consistent. A great box purchase.
Camacho Corojo,4 out of 5,Corjo,"Very nice spicy flavor.second time I have bought these cigars, will buy again."
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,"Great smoke, full body, not my first time puffing on these Great smokes"
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,Good Cigar,"Good smell, taste. only down fall it does not stay lit"
Camacho Corojo,2 out of 5,Going downhill faster than Bode Miller.,"Ever since they changed the band, these have been getting worse and worse. In the past couple years. I've probably had 15 of them from 10 different samplers and a dedicated 5 pack. All at different times. They all have been a big time disappointment. I really like most of the other labels that Camacho has, which seems to be the weird thing. Minimal flavor and the always seem to canoe. It seems to be just me because they get a lot of a good reviews."
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,winderfully mild smoke. Pleasant in,winderfully mild smoke. Pleasant in every way.
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Great cigar. Great price. One of my new everyday cigars.
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,great smoke,Really a good smooth cigar. To bad their to expensive. Not in my small budget to buy them but if you can buy them.
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,Excellent! Loved it!,Excellent! Loved it!
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,Camacho Corojo Robusto,"I really enjoy these little sticks. They're well made, easy on the draw, very pleasant and satisfying."
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar. My favorite,Excellent cigar. My favorite
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,Nice Smoke,"Good volume with each draw, worth price paid"
Camacho Corojo,4 out of 5,Smooth,Nice smooth pull!!! What I expected from a Camacho.
Camacho Corojo,3 out of 5,Camacho Machitos-Corojo,"Good smoke, however about half way through they burn a little hot."
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,Camacho cigars,"camacho produces a very good cigar and the corojo was very satisfying, the experience was very enjoyable"
Camacho Corojo,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Good / better than a lot of others at the same price point / not my favorite
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,Good smoke. Smooth burn,Good smoke. Smooth burn
Camacho Corojo,4 out of 5,Good little cigar to fall back on when in need,Decent little strong cigar. Not bad at all and decent price. Probably worth keeping around in the humidor for the occasional smoke.
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,My favorite stick.,Always a smooth draw. Well constructed. Smooth from start to finish.
Camacho Corojo,4 out of 5,This cigar suits me. Good,"This cigar suits me. Good draw, great taste,burned evenly."
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,Outstanding,Fantastic cigar. Full bodied powerhouse. Always enjoyable.
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,Exactly what I was looking for,Its a smooth consistent smoke. Exactly what I am looking for in a good Cigar. Another one added to my revolving list of everyday smokes
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"I've always liked Camacho, especially the Corojo. It has such a complete and satisfying flavor. It's rich and deep without being too dark and overpowering. One of my absolute favorites."
Camacho Corojo,2 out of 5,Not a fan,"I absolutely love the American Barrel Aged and the Triple Maduro, but the Corojo was just not to my liking. It's not a terrible stick, just not my thing. Ash would get no longer than 1/4"" before flowering. The smoke was almost acrid at times. No variations in flavor profile, just searing acidity throughout. I wouldn't turn one down if offered to me, but I won't be purchasing this stick again. What's crazy, is I used to LOVE the old Corojo Monarca."
Camacho Corojo,1 out of 5,Like licking a dirty leather couch!,"Might have been a bad batch, but a bad pull, uneven burn and tasted like a dirty leather couch. Eeek stay away!"
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,Great transaction,"As always a great purchase. Easy, good price and fast shipping"
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,You wont be dissapointed.,Just a fantastic smoke construction is excellent burns perfect to me tastes great these are always in my humidor.
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,Camacho Corojo Toro,This has to be one of my top 3 cigars. The Corojo is light enough that it does not over power and strong enough to allow consistent great flavor in every puff. I would recommend this to cigar smokers that have been smoking for awhile if they would wish to experience a new taste.
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,great experience,at first was very skeptical about trying this cigar but was blown out of the water. The spicy flavor really adds to the flavor and make an already good cigar much more pleasurable looking forward to smoking the rest.
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,wow,first time im trying these and wow!!! I have a new favorite cigar
Camacho Corojo,3 out of 5,"Uneven burn, good flavors","Great flavor, but the uneven burn was distracting. I would smoke it again, but I wouldn't go out of my way to find one either."
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,Great every day smoke.,Consistent construction and flavors. Awesome.
Camacho Corojo BXP,5 out of 5,Camacho Corojo BXP,"Best cigar for the price. Flavor and construction are consistant. No suprises, no plugged cigars, even burn."
Camacho Coyolar,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,Excellent smoke
Camacho Coyolar,5 out of 5,Amazing cigar.,"I bought a 5 pack, and fell in love. I had to buy a box. I'm not an aficionado, but to me it had dark flavors, little to no pepper, perfect burn, and awesome smoke output. The box was packed decently. Didnt have any damages. To cigar box itself was immaculate. I'll be keeping it for sure. Try this smoke!"
Camacho Coyolar,5 out of 5,Coyolar Review,Great smoke. Delivery was quick and efficient.
Camacho Coyolar,5 out of 5,Coyolar is back,Coyolar was one of Camacho's best cigars. The new version maintains the quality and strength of the previous ones. It's good that they brought it back
Camacho Coyolar,5 out of 5,Very strong,Loved it!!
Camacho Coyolar,1 out of 5,Not a very good cigar,The cigar was very bitter and to earthy for my taste. The cigar was well constructed as all Camacho cigars are.
Camacho Coyolar,5 out of 5,Good,Good
Camacho Criollo,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,Great cigar!
Camacho Criollo,4 out of 5,Criollo? SI!!!,"A wonderfully flavored cigar, more hospitable than other Camachos. Every time I've given one to a friend, they've raved about it. It's got sentimental value to me, also, as it's the cigar I torched when I watched Trump's inaugural.
Only thing keeping it from five stars is that they're a bit lightly packed for me and burn down too quickly."
Camacho Criollo,4 out of 5,Perfect for a daily smoke.,"One of the first cigars I ever bought after getting into 'the game' and also the first one I'd ever enjoyed enough snd said ""wel that's was GOOD! I think I'll buy a couple more. Just a great medium bodied stoge without sacrificing FLAVOR!
I could easily say this would be a 'daily' smoke for me."
Camacho Criollo,4 out of 5,Excellent venture into Camacho's line.,"I purchased a single (no option was available) at the Texas retail location and was pleasantly surprised. I am a fan of mild profiles, so Camacho - being rather known for strong cigars, was a bit intimidating. Profile was mild at first, increased to fairly full by the end of the first 3rd. Lightened up at the halfway point and was consistent the remainder of the cigar. Ashed very well and burned evenly despite a breeze that wasn't helping.
The plan is to purchase another (possibly 5) to evaluate consistency. This may be the new 'go-to' smoke as the price point was excellent... might be buying a box."
Camacho Criollo,3 out of 5,Lots of flavor,"I expected a lighter cigar with the Camacho yellow label, but this cigar is full of flavor. I like to fill my humidor medium to full cigars.This one falls on the full side."
Camacho Criollo,4 out of 5,Pretty Good!,"Found a stubborn knot in one, but otherwise cap held at the shoulder and draw was ok. Strength was medium. Burn rate was average."
Camacho Criollo,4 out of 5,Camacho is a great smoke,"One of my favorite after work smokes. I'm not sure how my neighbors feel about it, but I love it!"
Camacho Criollo,5 out of 5,"Smooth, consistantly, burns even throughout,","Smooth, consistantly, burns even throughout, very reliable."
Camacho Criollo,5 out of 5,My favorite,Smoke these in Puerto Rico I’m hooked the best !
Camacho Criollo,5 out of 5,Camacho is top dog,"Any style of camacho I buy is awesome, these little guys are perfect for a puff or 2 if you are not looking for a long time engagement with a big boy. Maybe the perfect ""shot and a beer cigar""."
Camacho Criollo,5 out of 5,Great medium cigar,Good flavor without getting too dark. Burn is easy and consistent enough to walk the dog with.
Camacho Criollo,5 out of 5,Great smoke.,Perfect combination of mild flavors. Won’t over power those who like a mellow cigar but also won’t disappoint those who enjoy the full bodied flavor. I have ordered and smoked 50 of these and have yet to run into a problem with the drawl or cracking. One of my favorites on a regular basis
Camacho Criollo,4 out of 5,"small tasty cigar, burns quick","small tasty cigar, burns quick but not hot, lots of smoke"
Camacho Criollo,5 out of 5,Nice surprise!,"Very nice! I got a five pack to try, and have to admit I was holding my breath thinking these were going to be over the top strong. No worries- a just right medium strength with plenty of flavor. Didn't develop any bad issues as it got shorter, unlike so mny others."
Camacho Criollo,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Mild to medium body smoke. Full of nice creamy flavor.
Camacho Criollo,4 out of 5,surprisingly delightful,"wow, distinct taste than other camachos, and was surprisingly a delight to smoke. Would buy again. Burned well and even."
Camacho Criollo,5 out of 5,One of my favorites,"This is a go to cigar for me. Not too strong, yet a spicy cigar with tons of flavor. One of my favorites!"
Camacho Criollo,2 out of 5,Jekyll and Hyde,Flavor profile was good. The wrapper cracked and separated from the cigar. Would not stay lit and eventually burned on only one side of the stick. With the flavor I may try another may not.
Camacho Criollo,3 out of 5,"Great cigar, poor wrapping!","I have had this cigar before and it is one of my favorites. This pack of 5 however had loose wrapping that came apart on all five cigars. It was as if they were dried out, but they weren't hard. Flavor was still great, but the pull was affected from the loose wrapping."
Camacho Criollo,5 out of 5,Camacho Machitos Connecticut,Smooth and highly recommended!
Camacho Criollo,3 out of 5,Unremarkable.,"This cigar was good, not great. A fair value for the money. A good ""every day"" smoke."
Camacho Criollo,4 out of 5,Love these things!,Great Smoke! The taste is there and burns almost evenly. just wished that the Churchill lasted longer than the other sizes but are about the same with burn time.
Camacho Criollo,5 out of 5,Never a Disappointment with Camacho,These are great. Get and smoke anything that Camacho puts on the market.
Camacho Criollo,5 out of 5,Perfect Choice for the Party,"I love Camacho cigars, so I grabbed these to pass out after I got married. They were perfect to hand out because of their mild taste and those who were not smokers could still join in and have fun. I HIGHLY recommend these, and anything else that Camacho puts out."
Camacho Criollo,5 out of 5,Great with Espresso.,This cigar is perfect with either a dark roast coffee or Espresso. Burn and construction excellent.
Camacho Criollo,4 out of 5,"Good cigar, burns quicker than","Good cigar, burns quicker than anticipated."
Camacho Criollo,5 out of 5,Great cigars! Great deal!,"You really can't go wrong with Camacho and CI. Not only do you get to enjoy a tasty, premium smoke, you get to do it without going poor! Thanks CI !!!"
Camacho Criollo,5 out of 5,Execelent!!,Just an excelent Cigar!
Camacho Criollo,1 out of 5,Terrible 1st bad exp,"For the first time i wouldnt recommend a reorder. Cigars cracked upon cutting w cutter, and they wwould not stay lit or draw very well. Couldnt finish one of the five i had ended up throwing them away after try to smoke each one. Garbage"
Camacho Criollo,5 out of 5,great cigars at a great price,Bought 3 boxes for my daughters wedding. Came in on time and were a huge success.
Camacho Criollo,4 out of 5,A quick smoke,When I don't have time to smoke a full cigar I reach for these sweet little things. A 15 minute smoke with full flavor is always a enjoyable break.
Camacho Criollo,5 out of 5,David,"First stick was great. Second, ok. Going to sit on the remainder for a while and see what happens. As always, the customer service was excellent and will keep me a customer of CI."
Camacho Criollo,5 out of 5,One worth stocking,"Great tasting and smooth smoke! The spice isnt overbearing and leaves a great aftertaste. Mixes well with local brewers belgain too! Also, Id like to add that CI had extremely fast shipping especially since I could choose one carrier over the other allowing these sticks to maintain their freshness (not a one falling apart)."
Camacho Criollo,4 out of 5,Go to stick,"No matter what you are doing this cigar should be part, from golf to having relaxing drink on the patio. Smooth draw, great ash, and the same great taste down to the nub."
Camacho Criollo,5 out of 5,A new favorite,"I received a couple of these in an outstanding sampler CI put together, and it is my new favorite cigar! Delicious, medium-bodied, lots of cool smoke in a slow, even burn. Speaking of which, I about burned my fingers smoking it down to the very nub.
I just wish I could afford a box!"
Camacho Diploma Black Special Selection,5 out of 5,Amazing,One of the best cigars I have ever smoked.
Camacho Ditka Game Time,5 out of 5,Da Coach has returned,Had this cigar over the weekend. Great smoke from start to finish. One of the best Camacho has to offer.
Camacho Ditka Game Time,5 out of 5,Going to miss this one!,It's a shame you no longer available. Actually a very good cigar. Draws easy...... medium to full body clean tobacco flavor with a hint of spice on the tongue. A good 45 minute to an hour smoke. Great from lit to end!!
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,My first Camacho.,I have been missing out. Nice.
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Camacho never disappoints. Outstanding cigar,Camacho never disappoints. Outstanding cigar
Camacho Ecuador,3 out of 5,It was an ok burning,It was an ok burning cigar. Not big on this flavor for comacho
Camacho Ecuador,4 out of 5,Great cigar. Very strong,Great cigar. Very strong
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Camacho Ecuador,Nice slow burning cigar.
Camacho Ecuador,3 out of 5,So So,Another palate non exciter. Goid draw though.
Camacho Ecuador,4 out of 5,Nice flavor... well made,Nice flavor... well made
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Long lasting. Great price and great roll
Camacho Ecuador,4 out of 5,Quick,A nice quick smoke.
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,Excellent smoke
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Great 10-pack and awesome price!,"Haven’t found an Alec Bradley I haven’t liked yet, and another nice Camacho with the Ecuador makes for one delicious 10-pack! Fresh upon receiving and great service as always from CI!!"
Camacho Ecuador,4 out of 5,Favorite brand,I like milder blends like Connecticut and Corillo but Camacho is so tasty everyone should be pleased.
Camacho Ecuador,3 out of 5,Good overall,First third was good. Will try a few more to provide a more accurate review.
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Excellent Smoke,My favorite from the Camacho line.. burns even and is strong flavored like I like them.
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Very good but burn was a little off.,Great flavor. Medium to full body and strength. But the burn was a little work. But nothing too bad.
Camacho Ecuador,4 out of 5,Always a good smoke,Always a good smoke
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,One of my favs,"Good consistent burn, smooth flavor, not to dark not to light. Good nicotine buzz. Will buy again."
Camacho Ecuador,4 out of 5,The carpenters review of the Camacho..,The Camacho caught me offguard. It was like buying a foreclosed house to find out all the plumbing was piped in copper. Nice medium to full flavored cigar. But not as peppery as the sandwich my wife packed me and my lunchbox yesterday. I give it 🔨🔨🔨🔨 out of five hammers.
Camacho Ecuador,3 out of 5,Camacho,Not like the taste that much
Camacho Ecuador,3 out of 5,A little to much,I know a lot of people like these but they have a lot of strong flavors for me it's a little to much
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Love at First Puff,"It was love at first draw. A wonderful stick, i had been dying to try this since i heard so much about them. I got a 5 pack of them and was sad and depressed when they were gone. But either way a good even burn, great smoke, and over all wonderful experience. Needless to say i plan on adding a box to my humidor soon."
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Excelent choice,Smooth!!!
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Sampler Satisfaction,"I've been wanting to try these for some time, so I'm glad this sampler deal came along. These feel great in my hand, firm, but still have an excellent draw. The burn is consistently even, and there is plenty of rich smoke. Makes for a very nice cigar moment."
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Great Smoke. Reasonable Price.
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Good smoke,These were great sticks at a good price.
Camacho Ecuador,4 out of 5,Camacho Camacho,I have learned that certain houses have a golden touch. Camacho is one of those. Everything they touch is golden.
Camacho Ecuador,4 out of 5,👍🏼,I received a sampler of camocho they were all excellent I also I also bought a box of liberty 2017 what a great singer I would recommend these tomatoes to anybody!!
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Great deal,Easy smoke at a great price
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,One of my favorites,"This is the first Camacho I ever smoked, and I fell in love. Wonderful flavor, perfect draw every hit, and just all around awesome. Behind the Hamlet Tabaquero, this is my new go to smoke."
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Awesome,This are really good cigars I will definitely buy it again really amazing deal
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Great smokes!,These Camacho cigars smoke very nice. They have great flavor and burn neatly.
Camacho Ecuador,3 out of 5,Not bad,Not bad
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Not a bad stick,Not a bad stick
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Perfect,I love Camacho cigars and this deal was no exception have already smoked half and all perfect.
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Just plain good,Just plain good
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Never disappoints!,"I have tried several Camacho sticks and like them, this one is no different. Great flavor and burn."
Camacho Ecuador,4 out of 5,Awesome cigar!,Great smoke everytime!
Camacho Ecuador,4 out of 5,Camacho Ecuador,A good medium bodied smoke. Good construction. Long burn time. And good smooth flavor.
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Great cigar,These cigars are so smooth and are just full of flavor. They need to put them on sale more often.
Camacho Ecuador,4 out of 5,Good smoke. Even burn. I,Good smoke. Even burn. I would do this over and over.
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Camacho Ecuador,"This is a good medium bodied cigar. It pairs well with coffee. It always has a even burn, smooth draw and has a nice taste of coffee and chocolate. Camacho is one of my favorite brands and this one is among the top choices!"
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Excellent Smokes,"Not my size, but smokes great."
Camacho Ecuador,4 out of 5,Camacho,Smooth for the most part. A little harsh at the end.
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,I bought these for my,"I bought these for my husband. He said, they were really good."". He rated them a 5."
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Camacho,Slightly stronger than I anticipated however a very flavorful stick with slight changes in flavor as you get through it.
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Camacho equador,I love these cigars. Smooth and spicy at a good price. I always keep at least a few in the humidor
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar to enjoy after a long day. Plan to get more.
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Camacho Ecuador Robusto,This is the first time I ordered Camachos. A lot of people have been saying it was a good cigar. It did not disappoint. Burned evenly and had a great flavor
Camacho Ecuador BXP,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Camacho Hard Charger LE 2018,5 out of 5,Wouldn't expect anything less from,"Wouldn't expect anything less from Camacho! The liberty series is my favorite, these guys are right behind it!"
Camacho Hard Charger LE 2018,5 out of 5,The Hard Charger,One of my favorite smokes. Burns consistent with flavor From start to finish. CI continues to be leader in on-line cigar orders. Stick always arrive quickly and fresh.
Camacho Hard Charger LE 2018,5 out of 5,Great cigars and an awesome,Great cigars and an awesome knife. They burn good and a nice flavor.
Camacho Hard Charger LE 2018,5 out of 5,Outstanding cigar and great knife!,"Whoa!Just got a box of 20 on weekly special and what a deal.These are classic Camacho as far as construction,draw,and burn time,full complex flavor,but medium to full body.First inch or two is a clean pepper blast after that the ride begins-the pepper goes away and in comes a swirl of meatiness,earth,and good flavors start dancing around-2/3 gone and I haven't stopped smiling-now the power of this stick is creeping up on me and it's too late!My pride won't ,let me quit!Wheww!Strong clean pepper comes back on the last 1/3,and at this point I'm barely handling the retrohale yes,I'm sipping it at this point because of the final pepper assault which was not harsh or green but powerful nonetheless.I date this cigar 5/5 in all areas of performance.This cigar was named ""Hardcharger""after the U.S.M.C.in which I proudly served.The pocket knife that came with the special is a solid knife and razor sharp.Thanks C.I.as always,Semper Fi!!Goodnight Chesty Puller wherever you are!"
Camacho Imperial Stout,5 out of 5,A beautiful smoke,"A great cigar, probably the best of Camacho's Barrel Aged cigars. A nice medium to bold balance."
Camacho Imperial Stout,5 out of 5,Out of the park!,Hands down one of the best smokes Ive had. Perfect razor sharp burn and an endless amount of flavors.
Camacho Machitos,4 out of 5,Cap crumble d while smoking.,Cap crumble d while smoking. Great flavor.
Camacho Machitos,5 out of 5,Nice vacation cigars,I alway buy these for vacation when I know there won’t be too many places to smoke. The flavor is good and full. It’s a fairly quick smoke and it doesn’t billow in smoke when you sneak a smoke on the balcony of a cruise ship.
Camacho Machitos,5 out of 5,Camacho,"Great little cigars for walking around town or walking the dog, awesome Cigar . I love this brand ."
Camacho Machitos,5 out of 5,Nice smooth with a twang,Nice smooth with a twang
Camacho Machitos,5 out of 5,Camacho is top dog,"Any style of camacho I buy is awesome, these little guys are perfect for a puff or 2 if you are not looking for a long time engagement with a big boy. Maybe the perfect ""shot and a beer cigar""."
Camacho Machitos,4 out of 5,"small tasty cigar, burns quick","small tasty cigar, burns quick but not hot, lots of smoke"
Camacho Machitos,3 out of 5,To fast burn,Burned to fast. To loosely wrapped. Taste was ok. Not even close to Cohiba
Camacho Machitos,5 out of 5,Camacho Machitos Connecticut,Smooth and highly recommended!
Camacho Machitos,3 out of 5,Camacho Machitos-Corojo,"Good smoke, however about half way through they burn a little hot."
Camacho Machitos,5 out of 5,Camacho Machitos Connecticut,Smooth fine and 5 star!
Camacho Machitos,4 out of 5,"Good cigar, burns quicker than","Good cigar, burns quicker than anticipated."
Camacho Machitos,5 out of 5,judge me by my size do you?,i love the Connecticut. this is meant to have that smoke with the same flavor and feeling of a normal cigar in a fraction of the time and this is exactly what the doctor ordered..
Camacho Machitos,5 out of 5,Perfect smoke for those quick,Perfect smoke for those quick moments
Camacho Machitos,4 out of 5,A quick smoke,When I don't have time to smoke a full cigar I reach for these sweet little things. A 15 minute smoke with full flavor is always a enjoyable break.
Camacho Machitos,5 out of 5,Great Deal,"Nice for a quick, quality smoke in the winter months. Love the tin."
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Thourghly enjoyed them. Nice smoke
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,5 out of 5,By far my new favorite cigar !,"I strongly recommend this cigar. Now is the #1 in my humidor. Great flavor, Great burn, I enjoy a lot to smoke this."
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,4 out of 5,TOP 5 FAV,"BOLD, COMPLEX, GREAT TASTE, ALWAYS A STICK IN MY HUMIDOR"
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,4 out of 5,Great Stick,"Very Nice, This is a awesome stick. My new favorite."
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,5 out of 5,Go To,"nice to find your go to stick, lets just hope they keep making them"
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,5 out of 5,Best pairing,The pair of rum barrels and a fine stick are like heaven. Nice to of found my go to stick. Please don’t stop making these
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,5 out of 5,Love these full flavored sticks,Love these full flavored sticks
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,5 out of 5,Amazing,My new favorite
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,5 out of 5,Very Nice Smoke,"Nice morning cigar mild to medium smoke, creamy cinnamon bun flavor with nuanance of vanilla on the finish."
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Enjoyed
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,5 out of 5,Camacho Barrel Aged,"I haven't tried them yet. They are resting in my humidor, and I will get to them in the spring. The construction is flawless, that much I can tell you."
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,5 out of 5,Tasty yet subtle,Very similar to the Camacho Corojo. The rum aging comes through without overpowering. Great flavor & smoke that you'd expect from Camacho.
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,5 out of 5,New Camacho Rum,"Quality as expected, smooth as expected, not quite as strong as the Camacho Bourbon cigars. A++++ Always a pleasure to sit down to a Camacho of any kind."
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,5 out of 5,Camacho At Its Best,"These are full-bodied smokes, even a bit stronger than the usual Camacho."
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,5 out of 5,Very good also delicious the,Very good also delicious the american BBL aged Camacho.
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,2 out of 5,Disappointing.,While very well constructed and simply a pretty cigar. They just don’t hit the taste buds like I’d like. Would not buy again.
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,4 out of 5,Can a cigar be described,"Can a cigar be described as having a ""smoky"" taste? Well That is what I got out of this sample. Very nice full body."
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,3 out of 5,camacho,"Harsh. For me, it is a ""yard gar"""
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,4 out of 5,Another great Camacho,"Flavorful and complex profile, razor sharp burn, and modern presentation make this a regular stick in my humidor."
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,5 out of 5,CAMACHO,"Camacho usually is a quality smoke. This one goes above their norm. Tastes like a full flavor, breathes much easier. This fella doesn’t overwhelm the senses or palate. Great smoke all the way through!"
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,3 out of 5,so/so smoke,"For all the BOLD branding, this was a very milquetoast cigar. Not medium-full by any stretch, and no real development from start to finish. Although I did get a hint of the rum on the nose, I failed to detect any influence of the rum barrel aging in the flavor. No offensive flavors or anything, but again just a rather nondescript experience. One or two of them started to tunnel at the very end, but otherwise construction was fine. I didn't love it, didn't hate it, really 2.5 stars would be most appropriate for this review. If this was a survey, and the statement was ""this was a good cigar"" I would select ""neither agree nor disagree."" I've always wondered why that option was available on surveys, but I think I've finally found a use for it."
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,4 out of 5,Quick throat punch,This little cigar I have found to be like a flyweight boxer...punches a quick punch and then decently smooth. Really decent smoke for the $$$
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,5 out of 5,Good smoke. Nice flavor,Good smoke. Nice flavor
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke smooth burn,Excellent smoke smooth burn
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,4 out of 5,Great Cigar,Nice smoke. I'm no person to rate cigars but this one had a nice flavor and good draw all the way to the end.
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,5 out of 5,Great smoke,The barrel aged Camacho had a smooth even smoke with right balance of flavor. Will purchase again
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,5 out of 5,Camacho rum aged,what an awesome cigar. Not to bad in price. Great flavor. Great pull. Would love to buy them again.
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,5 out of 5,Great taste,Very good cigar. Flavor was exceptional and the burn was perfect.
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,3 out of 5,Ok,Ok
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,5 out of 5,Well made cigar,"Buy this cigar. Key to any cigar is the draw. Excellent draw, beautiful wrapper, delicious medium-full flavor."
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,5 out of 5,Buy this cigar,"Easy draw, excellent flavor. Read all internet reviews -- this cigar is well appreciated. I'm buying a box of 20 robustos."
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,5 out of 5,The Best Barrel Aged Cigar!!!,"This is without a doubt, one of the most flavorful cigars I have ever had the pleasure of smoking. I bought a 5-pack of the 6x60 Gordo, and in this particular size, you get an extremely rich smoke. The smoke is very creamy & has a somewhat buttery note & texture to it as well. You get lots of nice oak & sweet nutty flavors, as well as a distinct rum note from the barrel aging. The construction is excellent, & as I have seen with other Camacho blends in this size, the draw is very light & easy. This is definitely a cigar you want to keep in your humidor!"
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,5 out of 5,Another homerun by Camacho!!,"I believe this is the most unique and complex cigar I’ve ever smoked and that’s a compliment. It’s got a smooth cool draw,burns evenly and is loaded with flavors. The taste of the spice,oak and sweet flavors are very noticeable. For me the NBA is at the top of my favorites beside the Camacho ABA & powerband. Camacho has become one of my favorite cigar brands."
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Smooth taste. Great roll and burn. Terrific flavor to the nub. Love this smoke.
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Great cigars and service,These cigars are great and the service from CI was great as usual. They got here quick and were perfect. I will be ordering more in the near future.
Camacho Powerband,3 out of 5,Good smoke but had to,Good smoke but had to constantly relight.
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Smokes great,"Very smooth all the way through. One of my favorite smokes. I haven't smoked a lot of Camacho's, but this smoke ticked a lot of boxes for me. Great draw, consistent and well flavored smoke after smoke. It burns a little fast, but overall something I'd smoke again and again. The CI price & shipping was fantastic and overall made this a great purchase."
Camacho Powerband,4 out of 5,Bought a box for $80,Great deal at that price! I wouldn't pay MSRP or close though. All 20 had perfect draws.
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Lil spicy but awesome smoke,Lil spicy but awesome smoke
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Put them on sale again.,Great cigar
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Camacho powerband,"Nice smoke, even, tasteful"
Camacho Powerband,3 out of 5,Camacho,It’s an okay smoke
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Camacho Powerband,"Great cigar, fast delivery, very happy.. For anyone who enjoys a well balanced, strong cigar, this is for you. Always consistent in flavor and strength, you will not be disappointed."
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Camacho Triple Maduro,"Just a great cigar ! CI as always was quick and easy to deal with. Highly recommend both cigar and supplier !
Thanks CI"
Camacho Powerband,4 out of 5,Enjoyable,Enjoyable
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Fabulous stick!,Fabulous smoke. Nice draw and great full bodied flavor. Hope these are featured again on sale.
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Nothing's perfect...or is it?,"Rarely give out 5 stars as that means perfect, right? No such thing as perfect. Everything can be improved. Although I'm not sure that pertains to Powerband. When Camacho started making these a few years ago, they were a curiosity in the MasterBuilt series. Slowly, surely, Camacho has perfected them. The burn is impeccable. The draw is exemplary. The flavors are amazing enough that no drink needs to be used for pairing. (Still, have a Glen Livet with them...you'll be glad you did.) If I could have a 10$/stick as a daily, it'd be this one."
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Powerband,My number 1 .....Great cigar
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Very robust and smooth draw.,Very robust and smooth draw. Enjoyable flavor.
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Flavor Bomb,"Just ordered a box. If they are as good as they were, when the released a few years ago, I will be pleased. I remember a nice medium strength, semi-complex, slow burning flavor bomb. It just felt good in your hand and tasted refined. Probably my favorite of the 'new' Camachos."
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Camacho Cigar,Enjoyable good aroma no bitter taste.
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Camacho Powerband,Very good stick. Smooth and stout. Will buy again.
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Big & Bold!,"Better like a strong cigar, cuz this is Camacho Macho Man!"
Camacho Powerband,4 out of 5,Camacho,Absolutey the best flavor roll start to finish. Slow and smooth burn every time.
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,powerband,very nice cigar but it has to be aged at least 6 months
Camacho Powerband,4 out of 5,well made robust cigar,"it tastes like a real cigar, strong, powerful and always good."
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Good smoke,"Construction is great, flavor is off the hook. On sale it's a winner. As much as I like this smoke, I can't afford to buy them unless they're on sale."
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Camacho Powerband,The Powerband Robusto has a lot of spice and full flavor. Good cigar for late in the day or evening.
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,very good,very good
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Camacho Powerband toro,Great constructed even burn flavorful cigar will buy it again
Camacho Powerband,4 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Camacho,"Good cigar, burns evenly"
Camacho Powerband,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
Camacho Powerband,4 out of 5,Great smoke.,I have never had a bad Camacho. Great smoke.
Camacho Powerband,4 out of 5,Powerband,"While the Power Band is a terrific smoke with lots of coffee and spice, it still has a way to go to be a memorable as my favorite the Camacho 11/18. The Powerband is a terrific evening cigar and both the Powerband and the 11/18 do go very well with a craft imperial stout brew.
The Powerband is a quality and well made smoke, that I highly recommend, I just like the 11/18 even more."
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Awesome,Camacho never disappoints ! Another hit
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Good,Good
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Perfect,Can’t ever go wrong with a Camacho
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Thumbs up,"The Power band is well constructed and tastes great. It's a fuller body cigar, only drawback is they burn faster than I like."
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Camacho,Great Cigar at an amazing price.
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,great cigar- flavors change as you smoke- perfect draw,"The perfect draw, best of any cigar outside of Cuba. Closet cigar to a real Cuban you can get from the strength to the construction to the flavor change throughout and consistency of each stick. Worth every cent!"
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Great Smoke..,"Burned with no issues, smooth with notes of coffee, cocoa powder and to me, hints of citrus with a little cream on the retrohale. First Camacho for me but wont be my last."
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Camacho Powerband Robusto,"Camacho Powerband Robusto is a cigar that can compete with a lot of highly rated cigars . It had a long ash , smooth smoke a pleasure to smoke ."
Camacho Powerband,3 out of 5,Everyday smoke,"Not too strong, very smooth, and a nice everyday smoke."
Camacho Powerband,4 out of 5,Camacho Power band,"Stonger than I usually smoke, but good flavor, burns good."
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Great cigars,"I have really enjoyed these cigars. Smooth draw, good construction, medium to full strength. I would buy again."
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Camacho Powerbands,"Good Light, even burn through out, will stay lit and has a earthy and sweet taste. let them sit in the humidor awy and they are a bold grest smoke, especially with a good scotch or bourbon."
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Camacho Powerband,"Good tasting, smooth cigar! Try a box today!"
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,great cigar- flavors change as you smoke- perfect draw,"due to the rolling process, this burns perfectly every time. I enjoy the drastic changes I experience while I burn through the Powerband. This is far from a boring smoke and one of the best cigars I keep in my humidor. These aren't cheap buddy sticks but well worth every cent when you want a high quality cigar."
Camacho Powerband,4 out of 5,Good not great,"Good flavored cigar with great body. Not my favorite cigar, so they have been spending more time in my humidor, but they are enjoyable."
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Awesome,Excellent flavor bomb
Camacho Powerband,4 out of 5,Camacho,Camacho does not disappoint.
Camacho Scorpion Connecticut,4 out of 5,Great mid level smoke,These are a great mild smoke. Good construction. Good price. Mild flavor makes for a good everyday cigar.
Camacho Scorpion Connecticut,5 out of 5,Smooth,Tasty smooth smoke. Enjoyable with a nice coffee in the morning
Camacho Scorpion Connecticut,5 out of 5,I first tired these cigars,I first tired these cigars when I ordered a sampler pack and have been happy with them ever since
Camacho Scorpion Connecticut,4 out of 5,My golfing cigar,This is the scar I take out on the course with me every time. A white delicious smoke enjoy the fresh air.
Camacho Scorpion Connecticut,4 out of 5,Scorpion,Was a great little smoke light to medium burns good good finish little quick on the Robusto
Camacho Scorpion Connecticut,5 out of 5,What a great cigar,"Awesome cigar, great burn, full of flavor... Great bang for the buck! Will be ordering more! Thanks for the suggestion!"
Camacho Scorpion Connecticut,4 out of 5,A great budget find!,"These cigars are money. They are so mellow, with almost a slight hint of honey (credit to my gf for picking that out!), and unlike what I sometimes find with lighter-wrapper cigars, there is nothing offensive about these whatsoever.
I’m burning my fourth stick as I write this (first review ever) (5”/50 robusto), and this one like each of the three before it burns beautifully—perfectly even, and with a tight, light grey ash. These cigars have surprised me with their well done and consistent construction. And their smoke, too, is thick and rich.
Definitely getting a box of these so I always have them in stock. And looking forward to trying the darker Scorpion cigar, too."
Camacho Scorpion Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great choice,"The first scorpion cigar I have ever smoked and was mildly impressed. Well made, even burn with no touch up needed, nice mild to medium taste, and perfect draw. I knew they would be good being made by Camacho but never dreamed they would be this good! A great premium cigar any smoker will enjoy. Try one and you will like it, guaranteed!!"
Camacho Scorpion Connecticut,5 out of 5,"Love this cigar, nice notes,","Love this cigar, nice notes, very smooth great even burn..."
Camacho Scorpion Connecticut,4 out of 5,Great smokes,Great smokes
Camacho Scorpion Connecticut,5 out of 5,My happy place,It's bitter sweet to burn something so perfect !
Camacho Scorpion Connecticut,5 out of 5,Smoooth,"Well made, burns well a very smooooth smoke."
Camacho Scorpion Connecticut,5 out of 5,delicious,great cigar
Camacho Scorpion Connecticut,5 out of 5,Top Drawer Smoke,If you like big ring gauge cigars like I do you need to try Camacho's Scorpion. One heck of a great smooth smoke in a 70 gauge size.
Camacho Scorpion Connecticut,5 out of 5,:),I like the Scorpions.
Camacho Scorpion Connecticut,5 out of 5,Very solid medium cigar.,"This cigar has a smooth and clean taste, good tobacco without being overly complex. It is a welcome respite from my preference of full-bodied smokes that does not leave feeling I have just air/paper."
Camacho Scorpion Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good mild smoke. Even burn. Great price for a Camacho cigar.
Camacho Scorpion Connecticut,4 out of 5,Scorpion,Great smoke! Good go to cigar!
Camacho Scorpion Connecticut,5 out of 5,Super buy,Super buy
Camacho Scorpion Connecticut,4 out of 5,Medium smoke with a pepper,Medium smoke with a pepper taste. Good!
Camacho Scorpion Connecticut,5 out of 5,Very smooth cigar.,"Loved them, I need more. Can you help me out with this?"
Camacho Scorpion Fumas Connecticut,5 out of 5,"Great smoke, mild with a","Great smoke, mild with a nice finish."
Camacho Scorpion Fumas Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great stick,Smooth and flavorful.
Camacho Scorpion Fumas Connecticut,3 out of 5,Not too bad,"Not too bad for the money. It is a little milder than I like, but I bought Connecticut so that was to be expected. The burn is even and the draw and flavor remained the same the whole time."
Camacho Scorpion Fumas Sun Grown,4 out of 5,JTH,Camacho never disappoints. Will definitely buy again.
Camacho Scorpion Fumas Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Thanks,Thanks
Camacho Scorpion Fumas Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Great stick,"A little stronger, but very tolerable, in this smaller size."
Camacho Scorpion Fumas Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Almost Cubans,Good taste. Burn even. Great smoke!
Camacho Scorpion Fumas Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Great,Decent cigar for the price for sure.
Camacho Scorpion Fumas Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Scorpion,Great smoke good price
Camacho Scorpion Fumas Sun Grown,4 out of 5,good daily smoke,Like camacho brand. This cheapie was great for the price.
Camacho Scorpion Fumas Sun Grown,3 out of 5,Far off from Scorpion Sun Grown,The pull is the same ( Which is very good) but the flavor is far off. I cant advise on an everyday cigar because I normally use the Scorpion Sungrown for an everyday Cigar. I rather spend the extra money for way better taste. If you are on a budget then yes buy the Fumas otherwise wouldnt recommend.
Camacho Scorpion Fumas Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Didn't get bit,great smoke very enjoyable
Camacho Scorpion Fumas Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Go ahead it's a pleasent smoke.,"Looks good rolled, firm, make sure you poke it with toothpick, little bit tight puff . Burns even, with corrections here and there. Not big on a flavors, greenish tabacco flavor but it's not overwhelming, and some light roast flavors. Light to Medium strength. It's not bad for fumas series. No harsh aftertaste which is good. Yeah if you want inexpensive stick, this is good. Cigar that I smoke just arrived, so hopefully they will progress in humidor. Don't expect too much it's a still fumas serious, but still better then some avarage cigars."
Camacho Scorpion Sun Grown,5 out of 5,nice,nice
Camacho Scorpion Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Good Flavor,"Good medium cigar
Taste good thru whole smoke"
Camacho Scorpion Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Good mild cigar,Good mild cigar
Camacho Scorpion Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Great Cigars,I like fat cigars. They are flavorful and this one delivers the taste and enjoyment of smoking cigars.
Camacho Scorpion Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Solid smoke,"These cigars are consistently well rolled, easy to light and enjoyable to smoke. My go to for daily smoking."
Camacho Scorpion Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Camacho scores again!,"Camacho always produces a great cigar, this one doesn't disappoint. Great value, flavor & burn."
Camacho Scorpion Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Camacho scores again!,Another great stick from Camacho! Good burn & flavor. Will definitely buy again.
Camacho Scorpion Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Camacho Scorpion Sungrown,Great cigars at a great price coming from a great company! Large amounts of smoke and flavor. This stick has kept me wanting to go light another every time I’ve smoked one!
Camacho Scorpion Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Take time to enjoy.,This is not a lightweight cigar. I made the mistake of trying one two days after 2 day shipping. All I could taste was the chocolate notes. Waited two more days and this has become a favorite.
Camacho Scorpion Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Another great smoke.,Camacho does it again!
Camacho Scorpion Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Camacho Does it Again!!!,Great stick for the value! Great everyday smoke!
Camacho Scorpion Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Wonderfuly smooth,Wonderfuly smooth
Camacho Scorpion Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Nice cigar...good smoke,Nice cigar...good smoke
Camacho Scorpion Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Camacho has another winner!,I am a big fan of Camacho Cigars. That being said I couldn't wait to order and try this new edition to their line up. Very nice aroma. medium strength with bold tastes. Very good wrapper with an even burn. Burn time is about an hour and a half long by my smoking habits.
Camacho Scorpion Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Camacho Scorpion,"Well constructed, tasty gem."
Camacho Scorpion Sun Grown,4 out of 5,late review,"awesome cigar, gonna try the scorpion connecticut next...but only one down side, limited sizes, i like the 7’ by 50 ring guage style. other than that, look’n forward to my next batch."
Camacho Scorpion Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Ashton VSG penny pincher,Almost as great as an Ashton VSG and not as hard on the wallet. A great cigar. I will be smoking thesis again.
Camacho Scorpion Sweet Tip,5 out of 5,Nice Sweet Tip,VERY tasty cigar! I will be buying again!
Camacho Scorpion Sweet Tip,5 out of 5,Satisfied,Good smoke
Camacho Scorpion Sweet Tip,5 out of 5,Enjoyable,Mild and smooth. I can stop trying out others for awhile.
Camacho Scorpion Sweet Tip,5 out of 5,SMOOTH,Nice smooth cigar!
Camacho Scorpion Sweet Tip,5 out of 5,Great smoke,One of the most satisfying blends of flavor.
Camacho Scorpion Sweet Tip,5 out of 5,Sweet smoke.....,"Very nice, well balanced cigar. The tip is not too sweet, gives a great taste to an already great cigar."
Camacho The Original Diploma,5 out of 5,Excellent,"I bought these on a whim. When they arrived, I could not believe the packaging. Whoever designed this box with the coffins deserves a metal. The first one that I smoked did not disappoint – smoked it right down to the nub (which to me defines the best cigars). I immediately ordered a second box. So far I have smoked 4 and given several away (Reviews from others have all been the same – excellent). My experience has been consistent – even burn, easy draw (even using a punch), great flavor – glad I ordered a second box. This is one to remember."
Camacho The Original Diploma,5 out of 5,Some of the best in presentation.,Wow stunning box. Probably the best packaging I have ever seen in a cigar. Something to really impress people that smoke cigars. Nice really nice.
Camacho The Original Diploma,5 out of 5,Extravagence squared.,Wow never saw such a majestic cigar box. You’ll impress anyone who looks at this jewel. The cigars come in individual cedar lined caskets and the cigars are very smooth and burn beautifully. Just ordered another box cause the family is already arguing who’s gonna get the box. Very impressive. Two thumbs up
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar.,Very strong and robust and one of my favorites cigars.
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Camacho always delivers,"Hands down, the best cigar from Camacho's standard line. Great flavor with an amazing burn. The only flaw is that it no longer has the old packaging."
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Camacho Black,Fantastic Robusto flavor!
Camacho Triple Maduro,4 out of 5,Solid Smoke,Nice earth and chocolate present building in strength throughout. A little tight on the draw but not terrible. Perfect ash to the end. Quality smoke. Yet another great buy from Camacho.
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Camacho Triple Maduro,"Love them. The smoothest, almost sweet, Maduro I have had. Just wish they were a little less expensive and I would be smoking more."
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Comancho incredible value,do not miss this !!!!
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Tripple Maduro,Great cigar at a great price
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,The best,I'm a big fan of Camacho and this one did not let me down good burn and very smooth. You have to try these.
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent,Very good
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Bold & Smooth,"Great smoke, burns evenly most of the times. I have been enjoying the Triple Maduro since it came out."
Camacho Triple Maduro,4 out of 5,Triple Maduro,A lot sweeter than I expected and yet very smooth
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Awesome smoke,"I enjoyed this cigar a lot definitely buy some more
Thank you C.I. for the amazing prices and cigars
Thank you"
Camacho Triple Maduro,4 out of 5,Good,Good
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Very Nice,nice
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Great with whiskey!,Great with whiskey!
Camacho Triple Maduro,4 out of 5,Value for the money and,Value for the money and just the right size for me.
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Camacho rocks,I love Camacho. Their cigars are always a treat. I wish they would be on sale more often. Hahaha Keep em coming
Camacho Triple Maduro,4 out of 5,"Excellent flavor, good draw","Excellent flavor, good draw"
Camacho Triple Maduro,3 out of 5,Thanks,Thanks
Camacho Triple Maduro,4 out of 5,Great Cigar,Really nice smoke. Perfect burn.
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Camacho Trippel Madero,Outstanding fully body cigar.
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Best smoke!!,Can't be beat! Always a favorite!
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Unbeatable price on an equally unbeatable cigar,Ci has done it yet again with this amazing deal. Searching stores nationwide for who knows how long I was just about to give up when I ran across this deal. BAM!!! I HIT THE PURCHASE BUTTON QUICK LIKE AND IN A HURRY. Comacho has made the perfect triple Maduro cigar in the form of this gem. I could give you what I taste when I smoke one but instead why not get one and try it!!!
Camacho Triple Maduro,4 out of 5,Steel and Strong,"Very nice dark smoke,
Had a lovely even burn, no pepper spots throughout.
Although very strong steal taste to it."
Camacho Triple Maduro,4 out of 5,Camacho triple maduro,Very dark robust smoke. Strongest flavor I got from it was steel and very powerful that flavor was
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,(Camacho triplemaduro6 60,Great cigar
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke,These cigars are excellent smokes real full flavored.
Camacho Triple Maduro,3 out of 5,Average,Average
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,One of my favorites,This is an excellent cigar. It is smooth and powerful without bieng overpowering. If I had the money I would smoke this everyday. Haven't had anything quite like this one. Definitely in my top 5.
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Distinguish,"Do you want a different type of somke; this Camacho Triple Maduro is the one! Strong taste, complex, earthy, very spicy, very aromatic and some times some fruity notes.
You need to be mentally and physically ready and yiu need to be used to full bodied Maduro tastes before you smoke this cigar as it is really strong. Make sure you smoke it after a heavy dinner to enjoy it the most. Great cigat indeed!"
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Awesome stick,Awesome stick
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Worth every penny!,"Amazing full flavor that you would expect out of a Maduro. Does not overpower or have the harsh pepper notes that some Maduro cigars have. I'd highly recommend this cigar, and all Camacho cigars."
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Great!,"Great cigars. I remember when Camacho's were cheaper, a lot cheaper, and badly made, yet I still smoked them. Excellent flavor as always, much better construction."
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Stunning Stick!,What a great smoke! Full flavor with length and depth!
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,One of my favorite cigars.,One of my favorite cigars. Filled with flavor and bold.
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Score this one high,"This has been a terrific find, and thank you Cigar Of The Month club. If I had not been a member I would have never found my favorite smoke. I have always lived maduros and this one tops the chart"
Camacho Triple Maduro,3 out of 5,Good but not great,"I recently purchased a 5 pack of the Camacho Triple Maduro and on the strength of one cigar I think this is a good cigar; it 's just not a great cigar. Its got all the hallmarks of a great cigar-great construction, cool, even draw, even burn. and good ash. It's just not a flavor bomb. There's a hint of sourness throughout the smoke but I diminishes towards the end. I'm hoping (and believe) a couple of months in the humidor might elevate to a 4 tar rating."
Camacho Triple Maduro,4 out of 5,Yummy,I liked this one but it was a gift for a friend and he likes these because they are real robust but I felt as though they were a little too bold for me
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Worth Every Penny,Full flavor that is very smooth and tasty. This is my favorite maduro stogey and one of my favorite smokes period!
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,"rich flavor, smooth smoke","the rich flavor is full, tasty and smooth. the cigar is well packed and wrapped, one of the best smokes regardless of price"
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent condition and very fast,Excellent condition and very fast delivery
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Reliable Camacho goodness,"You just can't go wrong with Camacho. Have been smoking these for a couple years, and they are always spot on.
Great draw, good burn, and the flavor is fantastic. Ci is the best price, and shipping of course is always great."
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,"Too much, too late",Bought these (special request )for a fine Marine on leave over Christmas. Delivery was too late. Too dark for my taste but will stay in my humidor until he gets back to a garrison life.
Camacho Triple Maduro,3 out of 5,Decent smoke,"I was very excited to try these since I love Maduro wrappers. Not finding any with more than a double wrapper I was excited to get my lips around a triple maduro wrapper. My expectations were greater than what these turned out to be. I wasn't a fan of the flavors and it burned much faster than I expected. Won't pick up any more of these, but not a terrible smoke. It wasn't as full as I would have liked, but I've had worse!"
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Camacho maduro,Excellent
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,"Thank you for taking care of the lighter malfunction issue, with ease.","Over the years, ""we"" have spent lots of money and enjoyed many cigar moments thanks to C.I. Even spent some time at the facility next to Cabela's. Thanks for your support."
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Camacho Triple Maduro Amazing Cigar!!!,What more can I say about his Cigar! Extremely Amazing!! Perfect burn from start to finish and phenomenal taste throughout !!! Always have these in my humidor and enjoy every smoke. Full bodied flavour without the bad after taste. Truly amazing piece from Camacho!
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,"Smooth, straight smooth","To me, it was not necessarily 'full', but it was smooth as all get out to the end. Smoked it with a stout beer while smoking a turkey on cool, windy day, stayed lit while I went in and out of the house. Required one relight near the end of the stick, but I have no complaints with that. Consistent taste from start to nub."
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Loved them,"Great beefy smoke, will be getting more."
CAO America,5 out of 5,Great cigar and timely delivery,Great cigar and timely delivery
CAO America,5 out of 5,great taste!,great taste!
CAO America,5 out of 5,'Merica,Good draw. I've smoked a few already for the 4th but now I'll let them sit in my humidor for about a month and see if the mellow out a bit.
CAO America,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Top notch smoke
CAO America,5 out of 5,Crossing the Potomac!,This is my favarite cigar. Good flaver thru the smoke. A good 45min relaxing smoke and wiskey typeof cigar
CAO America,5 out of 5,Always 👍🏻 great,"C AO 🤩👍🏻 Allways excellent 👌 these are no exception, they are exceptional. 👍🏻 I highly enjoyed& recommend these cigars."
CAO America,5 out of 5,Outstanding,I think this CEO America Potomac is one of the finest cigars I believe I've ever smoked it is a smooth smoke but has a nice bite I will definitely buy these cigars again it's on the top of my favorites list
CAO America,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,These cigars are amazing!
CAO America,4 out of 5,Good smoke but ring gage a little small,The smoke was typical good CAO. For the cost I would expect the ring gage a little larger.
CAO America,5 out of 5,Always have these in my,Always have these in my humidor. Great smoke. Even slow burn. Never lets me down.
CAO America,5 out of 5,Simply Wonderful!,Awesome!
CAO America,3 out of 5,CAO America Monument,"I enjoy the flavor, however I prefer a tighter wrap, it begins to breakdown and separate during the smoke, thus the medium grade. Some good, some bad. Thanks for the awesome service in regards to order processing and shipping."
CAO America,5 out of 5,Awesome smoke would highly recommended,Awesome smoke would highly recommended
CAO America,4 out of 5,Really Enjoyed the NUB Cigars,Really Enjoyed the NUB Cigars
CAO America,5 out of 5,Delicious,My new favorite cigar!!!
CAO America,5 out of 5,Making America smokes great again,A genuine pleasure to sit and spend quality time with
CAO America,3 out of 5,Good ring size. Taste a,Good ring size. Taste a bit sharp.
CAO America,5 out of 5,Awesome,You can go wrong with the CAO brand.
CAO America,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"One of my Favorite Cigars, great flavor all the way through."
CAO America,5 out of 5,Go to cigar,"This is one of the best out there, it’s my go to cigar for a daily smoke. Thanks CI."
CAO America,5 out of 5,Solid Built Cigar,"I found the CAO Landmark to be a solidly built cigar with a good taste. It seemed to be super dense, and burned nicely right to the end. I would highly recommend giving them a try."
CAO America,4 out of 5,Long live America!,"Great packaging and branding. Bought these for the 4th, for obvious reasons. Smoked great and have purchased several times since.
Thanks for quick delivery."
CAO America,5 out of 5,Great,Great
CAO America,5 out of 5,America,Great smoke never disappoints
CAO America,4 out of 5,Great smooth flavor,Great smooth flavor
CAO America,5 out of 5,God bless CAO America,"I thought the CAO America would be all looks and no performance. I was wrong. It looks great, but tastes better. It is now one of my favorites. Just bought a box."
CAO America,4 out of 5,Not bad!,Bold body. Burns fast at the end but long-lasting.
CAO America,5 out of 5,Tasty,"nice, smooth and tasty"
CAO America,4 out of 5,Good everyday smoke,A good everyday smoke for a medium body smoker.
CAO America,5 out of 5,A truly great cigar.,"These CAO, Americas are full of flavor, burn evenly and are easy on the palate. Very enjoyable smoke."
CAO America,4 out of 5,great smoke,great smoke smooth and even flavor
CAO America,5 out of 5,"Flavor is good, but flavor","Flavor is good, but flavor aside for a moment...this has to be the most nicely crafted cigar there is. Extremely solid and firm, perfectly round, the classy and appropriately patriot band, and topped off with the very nice pen stripe."
CAO America,5 out of 5,Love all cao cigars,Love all cao cigars
CAO America,5 out of 5,A true piece of Americana.,A very well constructed cigar with an even burn. And great tastes of pepper and a hint of chocolate. Def one of my go to’s.
CAO America,5 out of 5,Cao America,"Great cigar, just the right size for a winter outdoor smoke!"
CAO America,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Very good smoke...I've tried several CAO cigars and these are the better.
CAO America,5 out of 5,CAO America,Smoked all the way down and never lost the flavor. Did not get hash. enjoyable to the end. Will definitely order again.
CAO America,5 out of 5,America,"Excellent cigar, smooth flavor from foot to head, one of my favorite to have with my morning coffee. You can never go wrong with any CAO cigars"
CAO America,5 out of 5,One of my favorite cigars,One of my favorite cigars
CAO America,5 out of 5,The CAO America Landmark in,"The CAO America Landmark in my view is a very good smoke, good flavor, and I enjoy the band. My only knock on this cigar is a 60 ring guage is a little to big, that issue doesn't stop me from buying the cigar.."
CAO America,4 out of 5,CAO America,If you want my feedback then pay me.
CAO America,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Very consistent smoke.
CAO America,5 out of 5,Captain America (CAO) to the rescue!,"I may be Canadian, but i do like Merica. This is another excellent cigar from CAO. It is always a conversation piece the first time someone sees it, and again when they smoke it. The usual good quality from CAO, granted i have had draw problems from these in the past. If you haven't tried CAO, i guess you are under a rock, then get out in the sun and try this unique cigar."
CAO America,3 out of 5,need in a smaller ring,need in a smaller ring size/
CAO America,4 out of 5,"CAO is great, but this had a tight draw.","I've smoked several CAO's and never had a bad one. These were nice, but more than half I ordered had a really tight draw. I eased this a bit with a poker, but they were still tight. Overall a nice smoke, though."
CAO America,5 out of 5,CAO Potomac,CAO Potomac
CAO America,5 out of 5,Great smoke.,Good burn and flavor. My personal favorite from CAO.
CAO America,4 out of 5,4+,Great smoke. Even burning and great body from beginning to end.
CAO America,5 out of 5,'Merica,"I absolutely love this particular cigar. I like the taste, the stronger than medium nicotine rush. I like the even burn, and the wrapper matches my motorcycle."
CAO America,5 out of 5,CI Nation delivers again,"In the cigar world, double wraps can be a good smoke, ""if they don't fall apart"" but don't worry CI's America series are in perfect shape and the savory chocolate from the maduro wrap enhances the flavor profile. Smooth and delicious sums it up."
CAO Black,4 out of 5,Black gothic,Very nice smoke
CAO Black,4 out of 5,Nice taste,Nice taste smokes evenly and smooth
CAO Black,4 out of 5,Smooth in a nice flavor,Smooth in a nice flavor
CAO Black,5 out of 5,Good cigar,Very good smokes well great smooth taste medium cigar would definetly purchase again
CAO Black,5 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth
CAO Black,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Smooth and great burn not to light
CAO Black,5 out of 5,Smooth but thick smoke for,Smooth but thick smoke for a small cigar with flavors getting more intense towards the last third of it. Great burn from a well made cigar
CAO Black,4 out of 5,Good cigars Great deals,"Good cigars
Great deals"
CAO Black,5 out of 5,Enjoyable!,"Love love love! Tightly rolled for a smooth draw, great smell and taste and just a very enjoyable stick!"
CAO Black,5 out of 5,What can I say about,What can I say about CAO good quality and nice flavor
CAO Black,4 out of 5,very nice smoke,"Tried this cigar for first time. Smooth easy burn, rich deep smoke. Burned even all the way down. Will definitely purchase again."
CAO Black,5 out of 5,i like them,i like them
CAO Black,5 out of 5,Excellent cigars,Excellent cigars
CAO Black,5 out of 5,Love this one!,Love this one!
CAO Black,4 out of 5,Small gauge but nice clean,"Small gauge but nice clean easy smoke, burns slow"
CAO Black,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Very smooth.
CAO Black,5 out of 5,A surprise new favorite!,"Decided to try the CAO Black on a whim, because I haven’t had a CAO I didn’t like, and I am glad!  The mildest CAO I have smoked.  CAO knows how to create a fine cigar with great flavor without being overwhelming (the Brazilia is my favorite, full bodied but always smooth throughout).  Comes with a cedar wrap, which made the pre-light pass under the nose quite nice.  This cigar was a Mosaic (Corona), a bit light in the hand but it was very well made and held the ash for at least two inches.  Disarming in appearance with a very nice Connecticut seed wrapper, the habano binder boosts the flavor very nicely.  There was no significant build up, but was immediately flavorful, creamy mellow with a hint of spice.  Not especially complex, it remained consistent until the end.  A new favorite to be stocked in the humidor! "
CAO Black,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Great smoke.
CAO Black,3 out of 5,Cao Black,OK but not my favorite CAO. Draw is a little tight and flavor does not suit my taste.
CAO Black,5 out of 5,New fav to keepp in stock,"Decided to try the CAO Black on a whim because I haven’t had a CAO I didn’t like, and I am glad! The mildest CAO I have smoked. CAO knows how to create a fine cigar with great flavor without being overwhelming (the Brazilia is my favorite, full bodied but always smooth throughout). Comes with a cedar wrap, which made the pre-light pass under the nose quite nice. This cigar was a Mosaic (Corona), a bit light in the hand but it was very well made and held the ash for at least two inches. Disarming in appearance with a very nice Connecticut seed wrapper, the Habano binder boosts the flavor just right. There was no significant build up, but was immediately flavorful, creamy mellow with a hint of spice. Not especially complex, it remained consistent until the end. A new favorite to be stocked in the humidor!"
CAO Black,4 out of 5,Good consistent smoke,"Each stick has been consistent and enjoyable. Good flavor, good aroma, well made."
CAO Black,5 out of 5,Great quality,"Perfect size smoke for me, great medium taste."
CAO Black,4 out of 5,CAO Black Frontier,Has a good draw. Flavorful.
CAO Black,5 out of 5,Better than I thought,I bought these based on the reviews and was pleasantly surprised what a nice flavour they have. It's a nice mild taste. A very nice smoke
CAO Black,4 out of 5,Nice bang for the buck!,You’ll never go wrong with CAO. Nice cigar mellow and easy on the palate!
CAO Black,5 out of 5,Great taste,Great taste
CAO Black,4 out of 5,Excellent construction as always from CAO,"Very well constructed which has been a constant experience with CAO cigars, and smooth smoking."
CAO Black,5 out of 5,CAO knock out,awesome smoke!!!
CAO Black,4 out of 5,Smooth and light,This is a good daytime summer pontoon cruise cigar. Or sittin round the bonfire
CAO Black,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,Excellent smoke
CAO Black,4 out of 5,Good mild stick,Good mild stick
CAO Black,4 out of 5,"Good cigar, tight draw","Really nice cigar, just a little bit tight on draw, but with some work it’s manageable."
CAO Black,4 out of 5,My favorite brand,I love CAO cigars. And these beauties live up to the CAO name. My favorite are Brazilia
CAO Black,4 out of 5,"Okay, not my best cigar","Okay, not my best cigar"
CAO Black,4 out of 5,"An excellent cigar, never disappoints.","An excellent cigar, never disappoints. Burns great, draw, tons of smoke, burns cool. No complaints"
CAO Black,4 out of 5,my bad. not happy with,my bad. not happy with the ring size
CAO Black,3 out of 5,Small in size and taste.,Small in size and taste. With this bigger is better
CAO Black,4 out of 5,Good,"Smooth draw, even burn. Generally a creamy mouth feel and pleasant taste."
CAO Black,5 out of 5,CAO Black,"The CAO Black is one of my top five cigars. Smooth, balanced, easy draw and wonderful wrapper."
CAO Black,4 out of 5,Pretty Good Smoke,I love the cedar wrapper to light it makes a huge difference if you dont use it
CAO Black,4 out of 5,Really like the smooth taste,Really like the smooth taste
CAO Black,5 out of 5,Great after-dinner cigar. Not too,"Great after-dinner cigar. Not too full, not too light."
CAO Black,5 out of 5,These are really good cigars!,"The description said that they are consistently a favorite, and I don't disagree! These are a really good smoke which I will be buying again."
CAO Black,5 out of 5,Silky,"These CAO Black are some of my favorites. Wonderfully rolled, with a just easy enough draw, these cigars blow smooth, silky rings. For me, they smoke medium to full body strength, with rich flavors of almond, black tea, milk chocolate and a touch of leather. I highly recommend."
CAO Black,4 out of 5,Good Cigar,Good Cigar
CAO Black,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,"I am a medium cigar smoker, so this was perfect. Nice smooth draw, and the longer you smoke this, the better it tastes."
CAO Black,5 out of 5,What's with the tape?,"Lovely cigar. Friendly, tasty, balanced. Very well made. My only problem was the packaging. The cedar is held together with a piece of cellophane tape. Annoying and pointless."
CAO Black,5 out of 5,Top shelf,"A classic, one of CAO's best along with the America and Brazilia"
CAO Black,5 out of 5,good cigar for the money,good cigar for the money
CAO Black,5 out of 5,In a word? Awesome!,"These are some of the best I've had, and I try a lot of cigars. Copious amounts of rich, thick smoke, perfect burn, but what I like the most is the consistency. Every single one is a pleasure. One light and you're done. CAO should give lessons on rolling. No other cigar has given me such pleasure, and that's what it's all about, right? Buy some, you won't be disappointed."
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,CAO Brazilia Gol,Great cigar!
CAO Brazilia,4 out of 5,Both are good cigars,Both are good cigars
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,quality,nice flavor and good quality rolled
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Great,Great
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,My Favorite,I love this cigar
CAO Brazilia,4 out of 5,Full bodied a goo change,Full bodied a goo change of pace for me . This is my 4th 5 pack and I'll be back!!!
CAO Brazilia,4 out of 5,All good smokes,All good smokes
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Good cigars,Good cigars
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Fabulous and satisfying smoke!!,"These are certainly one of my most favorite cigars. Solid taste from beginning to end, ash is solid but air flow is consistent. That strong Maduro taste is heaven to the palette. One of the best attributes is no bitterness at all. Simply smooth and tasty. After a long ride on the Harley there's hardly anything better than this cigar, a few fingers of scotch and a comfy chair under the tree. Highly recommended!!"
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Recommend,"Smoked very well, no issues. Great tasting. Would definitely buy again"
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Good heavy smoke for after,Good heavy smoke for after dinner.
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Nice and fresh,Nice and fresh
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,cigars are great!!,cigars are great!!
CAO Brazilia,3 out of 5,Good flavor,Good flavor
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Awesome,Awesome
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Consistently Good,"These Have become my favorite cigar by far. The taste is consistent box after box. The smoke is smooth, the cigar burns evenly all the time, we’ll worth the price. It is a stronger tasting cigar, but my long time favorites."
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Favorite,"This has been one of my favorites for years, almost 20 yrs to be exact."
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar!,Excellent cigar!
CAO Brazilia,4 out of 5,A well made delicious cigar.,A well made delicious cigar.
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Nice group,The sampler was Excellent..
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,You want be disappointed with,You want be disappointed with this stick.
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Good,Good
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Great Cigars! Great Price!,Great Cigars! Great Price!
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,One of the finest blends,One of the finest blends with an easy draw and a consistent burn
CAO Brazilia,3 out of 5,Every day smoke!,"This is a every day smoke. Good with a sweet tea,coffee, or cognac."
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,good quality,good quality
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Very good smoke!,Very good smoke!
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Great cigars. Thank you for,Great cigars. Thank you for getting them to me so fast!!!
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,CAO Brazillia Gol,"Personally, the best cigar I have ever smoked, been smoking them for years. It is always consistent, well constructed, never disappointing."
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,My favorite cigar!,My favorite cigar!
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Brazilia bomb,Great flavor and aroma but not overbearing for a dark cigar. These are smooth and rich. One of my go to favs.
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,"Good smoke, even draw, leather,","Good smoke, even draw, leather, earthy, subtle black pepper. Pairs well with a good porter."
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Dark beauty Brazilia,"Dark cigar which is surprisingly smooth, thought it would hit harder but it is pleasant to smoke, try it for sure."
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Surprisingly nice...,"Bold flavors, nice burn. Great after a nice steak or roast with a glass of bourbon..."
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Great,Definitely one of my top 10 goes great with a string cup of coffee.
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,One of the tastiest cigars,One of the tastiest cigars no matter how it is rolled.
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Great Cigars,Great Cigars
CAO Brazilia,4 out of 5,"Good but, I had better...","Good but, I had better..."
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,CAO Brazilia Go,"My favorite CAO, its a smooth and aromatic light smoke."
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Great cigar!!,Great cigar!!
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Well made,"Well made cigar that burns evenly, slowly and stays lit throughout the entire smoking experience...almost like smoking a Gordo."
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,CAO all great cigars,"If you have not tried a CAO, buy some with your next order. I have bought a box of each and they just don't disappoint. Great draw, construction and flavor. Love these cigars"
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Great,Love these cigars and love box press as they fit in the humidor so well.
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,All cigars will be a,All cigars will be a good suprise.I was impress with the scorpion
CAO Brazilia,4 out of 5,One of my favs,One of my favs
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Perfection,Perfect as always
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,CAO does it again!!!!!,"This is a terrific everyday or on the golf course cigar. My personal opinion is this is a medium to full smoke, not a full flavor. But, it is rich and smooth that burns evenly and the ash hangs on for a good 2"". I am a big CAO can of the world additions, like America, Italia and Columbian, not to mention the Honor series. Thank you CI and CAO for offering such wonderful sticks for an old golfer like me."
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Goaaaaaaaaal!,This one score a goal with me. Great cigar!
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,Fantastic smooth mellow cigar enjoyed,Fantastic smooth mellow cigar enjoyed it very much😊👍
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,My go to cigar.,My go to cigar.
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,Fantastic,"Quickly became one of my favorites, burns nice and even with a solid but nice flavor not too mellow and not too bold just hit the spot."
CAO Colombia,3 out of 5,Smooth and mild,"This is a good beginner cigar. The flavor profile is milder than I prefer, but very smooth. Great construction and even burn, though. CAO has a good lineup, but this one is the least impressive I've had."
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,Tinto: These just went into my top 5!,"What a pleasant surprise this little cigar was! Great flavors of nutty dried fruit goodness in a smooth smoking, leathery, non-spicy cigar. Dead even burn. Cool, easy draw. Volumous, aromatic smoke plumes. Immaculate construction."
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,One of the best.,"One of the best and smoothest cigars i've ever smoked! It is flavorful without imposing and the draw is wonderful. If time is not an issue, it's a great one to sit back and enjoy."
CAO Colombia,4 out of 5,Love the unique flavors in,Love the unique flavors in this cigar.
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,new one,"Nice cigar, smooth"
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,Nutty cigar,I don’t normally write reviews but this cigar was slapping. I’m a once a week cigar guy I don’t normally smoke the same cigar twice unless I really enjoy it. But I’d buy a box of these things. The nuttiness on this thing was off the charts but not in a bad way if I wasn’t in a dry country it would have paired perfect with a a cold light beer. The smoke tasted like a peanut from Texas Roadhouse. Amazing cigar CAO doesn’t disappoint on this one.
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,Awesome stick,Love this stick. Not the best I ever had but a very enjoyable cigar. Real smooooooth!
CAO Colombia,4 out of 5,"Very good, mild cigar","Very good, mild cigar"
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,Karl G.,Excellent blend of aged tobaccos. It has a smooth draw and an even burn. The Colombia and Nicaragua are tops in my humidor.
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,I could eat the ashes!,"This is my number 1!! Burns evenly, great construction. Blah blah but it tastes amazing!! I feel like I could eat the ashes when I’m done. First time a 5x50 feels small. I need more!! I wonder if anything else tastes like this; I haven’t found any."
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,CAO Colombia Tinto,"This cigar is a winner! Smooth upon lighting, easy draw and stays lit even in breezy conditions. Medium and toasty throughout with a slight sweet after taste. These are right up there with the Flathead for taste - will be buying these again - thanks CI!"
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,Great cigar for the novice smoker!,I’m a complete newbie when it comes to cigar smoking. Got this one in a sampler and enjoyed it a lot. Smooth pull and it didn’t get hot or rough even down to two finger widths. It didn’t make me feel sick or nauseous halfway through like some heavier smokes I’ve had. 5/5 would totally recommend to a novice cigar smoker like myself!
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,CA O My O My,The Colombia robusto is really good. Everything is excellent. Construction and draw check. Slow cool even burn. Smooth medium body. Silky texture of smoke. Delicious. Toasty and nutty and wood with some cherry. And a complex feel on the palate. This was out of a sampler I bought here Joes Daily Deal on sale with free shipping. Give these a try.
CAO Colombia,4 out of 5,Nice cigar at a budget price,"Got one of these in Make me an Offer, and really enjoyed it"
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,Delicious Cigars,"good quality, nice and delicious cigars. thanks."
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,CAO Colombia,I enjoy them
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,Nice and Mild,Very good and mild smoke. Nice quality cigar.
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,CAO,Great smoke
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,Solid Stick,CI's description is dead on.One of my go to sticks.
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,Great smoke at a great,Great smoke at a great price
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,CAO,Very nice
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,very nice,very nice
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,Good Cigar,One of the best
CAO Colombia,4 out of 5,A comfortable cigar,"Take your time, as usual, and enjoy."
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,Great smokes,I gave them to a cigar lover who told me these are terrific!
CAO Colombia,3 out of 5,Hard draw,Hard draw
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,real nice,real nice
CAO Colombia,3 out of 5,Ok smoke,Just ok for the price
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,Cao Columbia Tinto,Awesome cigars!
CAO Colombia,4 out of 5,Very good tasting cigar,Very good tasting cigar
CAO Colombia,4 out of 5,Good cigar,"Nice smooth flavor, good burning and just a delight for an evening smoke"
CAO Colombia,4 out of 5,CAO,I find that CAO cigars are a very consistent and enjoyable smoke
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,Cao sticks,I can say without any reservation this is my FAVORITE 😃👍 very consistent!!!!
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,CAO,"Love them and Cigars International.
Thank you!"
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good everyday smoke.
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,Great Cigar!,"CAO Columbia Tinto, is a great cigar that smokes really well."
CAO Colombia,4 out of 5,Great cigar,This is an attractive cigar. From the color of the wrapper and the Columbia labeling it all produces and smooth and tasty treat
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,Love it!,Love it!
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,Great stick,Great stick
CAO Colombia,4 out of 5,"Smooth taste, not bitter","Smooth taste, not bitter"
CAO Colombia,4 out of 5,Like the taste because it,Like the taste because it is mild. A bit bitter as you get to the wrapper.
CAO Colombia,4 out of 5,GREAT CIGAR,"I received a CAO Columbia in an assortment package, when I smoked it it was a very smooth smoke no harshness at all, lots of smoke and good right down to the nub. I smoked Punch Rothchilds before I tried the CAO and now I am a convert. Thanks CI"
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,One of my absolute favorites,One of my absolute favorites
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,My daily go-to smoke,"Smooth, flavorfull not-too-bold smoke that stays lit throughout. The robusto is a perfect size for me. Highly recommend."
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,Great smoke 😎,Great smoke 😎
CAO Colombia,4 out of 5,Excellent 5 x 50 cigar,Nice smoth mellow taste all around excellent smoke
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,Great,great cigar!!
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,"Nice, smooth draw. Good smoke.","Nice, smooth draw. Good smoke. Enjoyable."
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,Consigliere Soldier,Another excellent smoke by CAO
CAO Consigliere,4 out of 5,Nice,Really nice. Really really nice. Would never turn one down. Would buy again. And I love the name.
CAO Consigliere,4 out of 5,Well worth every penny!!!,Wonderful relaxing stick!
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,"Woke up this morning, got myself a Consigliere...",Tony would be proud. Little Stevie would sing about it. One of my favorites. Great taste and even smoke.
CAO Consigliere,4 out of 5,Cao consigliere,One of my favorite sticks
CAO Consigliere,4 out of 5,My favorite cigars of all,My favorite cigars of all time
CAO Consigliere,4 out of 5,CAO,"I started with Cao and the Consigliereis just one more success that the brand has made, smooth taste, with i nice consistency in it's burn. Keep up the good work! Smoke on."
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,Great after dinner stick.,Excellent!!!
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,As good as they were before!,I was a huge fan of these when they first came out. These are just as good if not better!! Will order more
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,NICE SMOKE,ON OF MY FAVORITE CIGARS FROM MY FAVORITE MAKER. NEVER DISAPPOINTS.
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,Great cigar. One of my,Great cigar. One of my favorites.
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,One of my favorites,A go-to cigar for anytime. Always keep a box in the humi.
CAO Consigliere,4 out of 5,Very nice Cigar,Seems to be pretty uniform form order to order
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,CAO Consigliere associate,"Great cigar, one of my favorites."
CAO Consigliere,4 out of 5,CAO,"Good smoke, even burn, good draw."
CAO Consigliere,1 out of 5,Dried Out Cigars,They arrived and were totally dried out.. I even paid extra for shipping.. Very dissappointed in way it was delivered..
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,Hidden Gem,"Smoke a lot of CAOs, this is probably my favorite. Full of flavor and burns evenly."
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,forgetaboutit !,"Really great smoke, don't tell nobody I said so."" Snitches get stitches"""
CAO Consigliere,4 out of 5,Made an offer I couldn't almost refuse.,"Not a bad smoke at all. Nice draw and great smoke. Smooth flavor. Not bad for a part II of the Sopranos, though a little pricey for the leaf in my opinion. Will go for the Flathead next time."
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,CAO,I was extremely happy to see theses come back after they got rid of the Soprano series of cigars. All I can say is AWESOME!!!!!
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,Awesome cigar and awesome place to get them.,I just started ordering from the company and I have no complaints. The cao consigliere were outstanding. One of the best I have ever had. I don’t know what others are bitching about but I ordered from you five times and no issues. Keep up the great customer service and you will have a customer for life !
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,A Great Cigar with a Great CI Price,Is this a SOPRANO Clone? Without the Great CI price I would still call it a 4-5 star. The Stick is awesome through all thirds. No construction or burn issues. A medium flavorful experience. Its better than some of the 96 rated Olivas I have tried. CAO has some GREAT cigars like the ITALIA and MX2. This ones on the BUY list too.
CAO Consigliere,4 out of 5,Close,A bit off the mark from it's original incarnation but still a solid smoke.
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,very satisfied,"Was not disappointed good draw good even burn great taste with a nice scotch or jameson 12 year old waiting on my next
order."
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,Very. Good. Cigar...,Very. Good. Cigar...
CAO Consigliere,4 out of 5,Consigliere Associate,"Very nice cigar, I’m glad I got ‘em."
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,Good lite up,Even smoke good regular burn and 90 minutes
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,Cao soldiers,I love them glad to see y’all have them
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,So glad CAO resurrected this one!,"I loved the old CAO Sopranos Associate cigar and was sad to see it go, and then it was resurrected in the Consigliere Associate. Great medium to full stick with amazing taste all the way through."
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,Great,Cigar
CAO Consigliere,3 out of 5,Was ok,"I was hoping the were like the sopranos, a little disappointed. Next box will be mx 2."
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,Cigars made for The Boss!,Great cigars! Nice even burn and great flavor. It is definitly a decedinate of the Saprono series.
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,The boss for a reason,"Excellent burn, nice draw, great taste. Happy with my purchase. Definitely one of my favorite CAO"
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,Still a Boss.,"This is a worthy successor of the Sopranos edition of yesteryear. It is a bit mmore loosely constructed, but its flavor is wonderfly true to the Sopranos."
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,Good Cigar,"I normally smoke medium bodied cigars. A friend highly recommended the Consigliere cigars, and I will say that I am impressed! Nice even burn, a smooth draw, and not too overpowering for a medium-full bodied cigar. This is a good cigar!"
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,Consigliere,Delicious first puff to last. Stays lit. Smooth smoke all the way.
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,Consigliere is a winner!,The CAO Consigliere Associate is a medium full cigar with a rich flavor. Smooth burn with a long white ash. Strongly recommend
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Fantastic cigar lives up to its predecessor. Only complaint I have is they came out of the box quite dry
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,very good cigar,"this is a rebranded cigar from the original Soprano cigars, which were very expensive, these are very affordable now and a very good cigar for taste and flavor........I give it a 4.75 out of 5 and really good value now."
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,Consigliere Replaces/Improves Soprano,When the Soprano was available it was about the only cigar I smoked. When it was stopped I looked for something similar to replace it. I really did not find one to my liking. I had read reviews of the Consigliere that compared it favorably to the Soprano. I agree with the previous reviews. The Consigliere did not disappoint.
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,CAO Consigliere,"Surprisingly good smoke. I tend to shy away from cigars that have a “Hollywood” type name. A BnM salesperson recommendation that I try one, said that, I would not be disappointed. He was right, it’s a surprisingly good smoke."
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,What a surprise :-o,I fully enjoyed these. box was gone before I knew. I would recommend these hands down!
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,CAO consigliere,Always a good smoke very dependable.
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,GREAT Cigars,"A good friend handed me a CAO Consigliere, which is now a favorite. Then placed an order with CI and it showed up 2 days later standard shipping. Needless to say I was very happy about that. I'm a little over halfway through the box and everyone has been great, very smooth throughout the entire smoke."
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,Very Nice,Nice wrap even ash tons of smoke and a great finish
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"CAO has made a great cigar. Great taste, good draw and Great construction. An after dinner favorite. Definately a 93 or 94 quality."
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,Return of the Don,"Fantastic cigar! As a fan of the CAO Sopranos Edition, I was disappointed when the blend was discontinued in 2013; it is my favorite smoke. I had a feeling it would be back, and just as good as before!
A nice chocolate & leather start, nutty middle, and earthy goodness to the last inch.
The Sopranos Edition had the unfortunate tendency to have voids that caused uneven burn; I have not encountered that issue with the Consigliere thus far. The Sopranos edition were also slightly ugly w/ veiny wrappers; again, the Consigliere are an improvement over the original.
A sole complaint. The red box of the Consigliere isn't as well constructed as the trunk-inspired box of the Sopranos Edition. When the CI box arrived the first things I noticed about the Consigliere box were that it was more of a typical square box, and the smell of fresh paint. The box wasn't tacky, but it was obviously fresh. The cigars were quickly liberated & stored in a humidor, and a smell test along the way confirms they didn't take up the fresh paint smell. Still, if any of these remain in the box too long, I'd be concerned about it.
The current lineup doesn't have the special Tony Soprano size. I still have one in the humidor I'm saving for a special occasion. Otherwise, the associate size is a darn-near perfect cigar."
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,One of the finest cigars I have ever tried... will definitely order again
CAO Consigliere,4 out of 5,Excellent cigar!,"I love these lil' guys! These have been my favorite smoke blend since originally introduced as ""Sopranos Edition"" in 2005. T'was a shame when they were discontinued in 2013, but I hoped CAO would reintroduce the blend sooner or later. I Still have a couple Associate left w/ the Sopranos band & a single ""Tony Soprano"" sized that I'm saving for a special occasion.
This is a rich smoke, with a leather & cinnamon start, chocolate & nutty middle, and sort of creamy finish. These are a very slow burn, it'll take me about two hours to enjoy one straight out of the box after liberating them from the UPS driver. Taste-test is in progress.
The comparison to the original is inevitable, and the Sopranos Edition were not without flaws. They were a bit veiny depending on the batch, and it tended to get worse the larger the size. I stuck w/ Associate after a while b/c they had the fewest issues, IMHO. Several had inconsistent draw and/or ""voids"" in the middle of the cigar that resulted in uneven burn.
Many cigars gave their lives to bring you this information.
The Consigliere I'm in the middle of ""taste-testing"" is very close to the original; but it lacks some of the depth. That could be the result of my original Sopranos Edition cigars having spent several years in a humidor; these could be fresh & need time to season. However it doesn't have the eyesore issues of the old version, not veiny or over-hard, and the burn has been even to what is approaching the halfway point.
So far I'm quite satisfied, and will be buying more of these in the near future; just to replenish my supply."
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,Very tasty,Will definitely buy again!
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,excellent,excellent
CAO Extreme,4 out of 5,4.5 stars,"In my experience, CAO Extreme consistently delvers a REALLY tasty smoke at a reasonable price. (and sometimes there is a ridiculously good deal!) It burns evenly with plenty of smoke output and the flavors are as pretty much as described, though I don’t get a ton of black pepper. Toast, nuts and oak... just really good! Go for it!"
CAO Extreme,4 out of 5,"Good smoke, full bodied, professional","Good smoke, full bodied, professional grade, not for amatures"
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,Excellent Stick,Excellent stick.
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,Great Smoke!,"These are awesome. They burn really well, I keep trying others and keep going back to these."
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,Going to be hard to beat this one,"Excellent cigar as usual from CAO. Burns good and long. Very strong and flavorful until it gets too hot to hold onto anymore, right down to burning your fingers. Notes of chocolate all the way through, with a bit of salt appearing towards the second half. Very pleasant smoke. Will be buying more."
CAO Extreme,4 out of 5,"Well constructed, good flavor","These are good cigars! My experience has been a good draw and burn, which are important to me--I smoke maybe one cigar a day, and I want it to be a great experience. The flavor is good on these, I'd say medium-plus body, and they are good till you burn your fingers. I will buy again."
CAO Extreme,4 out of 5,A cigar for a real man.,Strong & full bodied. Hint of chocolate & nuts. Great smoke!
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,nice smoke,nice smoke
CAO Extreme,4 out of 5,not too bad,Had nice leather notes with some salt notes on the second half.
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,Little But Mighty,"Great smoke, like all of the CAO line. Good price makes it better."
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,one of the best,one of the best
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,Excellent CAO,These were awesome. I went through the entire box with not one issue. Got them on sale so that was a bonus. Very smooth end to end. My palate is not so refined but these guy's just taste wonderful. No harshness or bitter taste at all and was able to smoke each one down to where I just could not hold it anymore. As far as strength they are a medium-full in my book. I will buy these every time they go on sale.
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,WOW!!,WOW!! is all I'm gonna say. Very smooth and tasty! Will be ordering more!
CAO Extreme,4 out of 5,CAO Extreme,Strong but smooth
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,Excellent.,"Long even burning, white ash, good taste, especially when dunked in your bourbon or brandy drink after dinner. Prefer 50 and above rings 5 to 6 inches long. Not enough time for longer ones."
CAO Extreme,4 out of 5,Good addition to the CAO family,Coffee and nutty. Good overall smoke. CAO as usual does a great job.
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,Great buy!,Great buy!
CAO Extreme,4 out of 5,Ugly wrapper,"Only thing that keeps this stick from being a 5 star is the wrapper. The wrapper kept me from trying it for awhile, but when I finally did...I was blown away. Totally a great smoke ."
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,CAO Extreme,"A very good full flavored smoke. Not overpowering but takes you to flavortown. Great with a cup of good coffee in the morning, as well as an adult beverage in the evening. Looks a little rough but the taste makes up for it.
I've smoked a half dozen from my box purchase and all burned straight and true. For the CI sale price, this robusto is tough to beat."
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,Good solid full flavor cigar,Good solid full flavor cigar
CAO Extreme,4 out of 5,"good burn, good draw, hints","good burn, good draw, hints of pepper...... good smoke"
CAO Extreme,4 out of 5,Cao robusto kudos,Delicious. Full of flavor. Super draw. Outstanding value
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar,Definitely a meaty and spicy cigar. Not too strong but strong enough. Blend produces a nice aromatic smoke that can fill a room with a nice aroma. Overall good construction good draw and very good flavor. At least in my opinion.
CAO Extreme,4 out of 5,Powerhouse,"Great flavor and burn. Draw is a little tight, but these are good cigars. Would purchase again"
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,Excellent,Very good cigar. Maintains flavor throughout
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,Excellent Smoke,Smooth and favorable smoke. Nice long smoke for it's size. Great cigar alone or with a drink
CAO Extreme,4 out of 5,Tasty,I enjoyed it
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,CAO,Great smoke
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,BEST CAO,This has become my go-to smoke. I always have these in my humidor.
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,Extreme!,I smoke one right out of the box and it was awesome. Deep and dark and yummy. One of my top five.
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,Great full body smoke. Got,Great full body smoke. Got these on Joe's Daily at a great priice.
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,Go-To Cigar,Always delicious and solid. Excellent daily value too. I always buy them when they are on sale because you just can’t go wrong.
CAO Extreme,4 out of 5,Happy with this stick,I can’t believe how good this stick is. I have had much more expensive cigars that weren’t as good. At this price you can’t afford not to try it.
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,Really like this one.,"Hard to believe so cheap priced. Chewy. Thick, a knee knocker for sure, but not over the top. Earthy leather core. Notes of Sweet pepper and spice on long finish. Not many transitions until last 4th of cigar, noticed an orange peel note on top of deeper earth flavor. Draw was snug, but not too tight."
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,Great cigar with very lil after taste. Very smoky and doesn't burn.
CAO Extreme,3 out of 5,Nuts.,I've ordered bundles of these cigars before and really like them this bundle that showed up has several cigars so far that are bad runs and burn unevenly.
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,I like my cigars Stout,I like my cigars Stout and this one fits the bill
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,CAO,Great deal !!!
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,Cao does it again,Cao does it again
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar,"The best cigar I’ve had in awhile! Great flavor, smooth with a nice draw. Will be ordering this one again!"
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,Is anyone home?,"I like to know that someone is home when I invest in my stogie time. Rich, full experience always confirms someone's home when I visit."
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,Always great,Full bodied and well rounded.
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,CAO Extreme,Excellent flavor and draw
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,A great smoke.,Definitely one of my two favorites. This and the Brazilia.
CAO Extreme,4 out of 5,CAO ROBUSTO,A great long lasting smoke
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,Better Than Expected,"I had been eying this CAO for awhile and finally bought a box to add into my humidor. After letting them rest for a month I light one up and was very much pleasantly surprised. The first cigar, and every subsequent one I smoked, were exceptionally good. Since trying to denote the flavor profile is subjective to each person, let me just say they are a smooth, medium to full bodied cigar that burnt slow and razor sharp; no touch ups needed, I am now on my third box and will keep them as part of my series of go to cigars."
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,Cao quad 4,One of there best cigars rich in flavor
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,Great stik,Awesome
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,This is a smooth and,This is a smooth and flavorful cigar.
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,Flathead V554,Nothing beats them that I have smoked! My go to cigar and favorite. Very smooth and pleasent. Highly recommend
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,I will be ordering more,I will be ordering more in the future
CAO Flathead,4 out of 5,Excellent smoke,Excellent smoke
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,A wonderful smoke!,A wonderful smoke!
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,Latest Purchase,"Good cigars, Reasonable prices."
CAO Flathead,4 out of 5,Good smoke good value,Have these every once and a while as a change from from drew estate and padron. Consistent quality and a long smoke at a good value
CAO Flathead,4 out of 5,Good burn rate and very,"Good burn rate and very good taste, definitely will be getting more 😎"
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,Cigars that hit the spot,Cigars that hit the spot
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,my 2nd choice,Another of my favorites
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,Robust and last 9 holes,Robust and last 9 holes
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,Best Cigar,Hands down the CAO v660 flathead is the best cigar out there. A full body cigar that's has a smooth draw and exceptional blend.
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,One of my top three,One of my top three cigars. I was impressed excellent full flavor cigar.
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,"Very good,","Very good,"
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,These are my personal favorite,These are my personal favorite cigars. Always burn good and taste great
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,660,My default smoke. Love'em.
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,This is my cigar. The,"This is my cigar. The best I've ever had. Send me some discount emails, the price has increased quite a bit."
CAO Flathead,4 out of 5,Great,Great
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,Excellent cigars. Mellow,Excellent cigars. Mellow
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,CAO Flathead,"Great smoke - well balanced, great shape and pull"
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,Titts,Is everything I expected. A little heavy handed so chill out. Don’t rush anything with it. Enjoy!
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,My all time favorite cigar,My all time favorite cigar
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,V660,The V660 is the best non-Cuban cigar I’ve ever lit!
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,A Great Smoke,Love them.
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,Darn good,"Yeah try these, they are good and flavorful. Burn is even and the taste is full all the way down. Very good smoke"
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,The only complaint I have is this HUGE 70 ring size Monster doesn't fit in my cutter.... Oh well I guess I should get a new trimmer,These are my go to Extended Cigar Smoking Session stick .....flavorful from beginning to end and even burn the only complaint I have is this HUGE 70 ring size Monster doesn't fit in my cutter... Oh well I guess I should get a new trimmer since this has become a regular in my humidor
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,Great selection and great service,Great selection and great service
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,I love them this is,I love them this is my favorite Cigar!!!!
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke!,"On of the best smokes ive had. The price is outstanding for the great smoke you get. An absolute stunner from start to finish!! If you only have a few minutes to smoke a cigar ""THIS AINT IT"". You need to take your time with this one!"
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,Excellent flavor. Excellent burn,Excellent flavor. Excellent burn
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,CAO FH V660,Nice priced smooth stick! Will buy again when ready to reorder.
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,D-dog,"Mellow long even burning cigar with a consistent smooth draw, very good finish."
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,Great Smoking Cigar,"I’ve been buying this cigar for over three years. I tried other brands but none have measured up to this V660. It’s been in my humidor as a main stay. The taste when smoking, the feel in your hand there’s nothing that I smoked with those same qualities."
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,Awesome!,"As a newer cigar smoker I have tended to stay away from the full red profile cigars afraid they’d be harsh, however these are amazing. Flavor, burn, construction were all amazing. I thought the CAO Gold would be my go to as I really enjoy those. Nope, THESE will be my go to from now on. So do yourself a favor and get some of these for your humidor before they realize this and jack up prices! No disappointments here."
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,This is my preferred new,This is my preferred new stick! Great smoke!
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,"Glad I found this, a real spark plug!",Just tried this little beauty. Great stick start to finish. Will be buying a box next time not just the fiver...
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,Very complex favorite,"I usually smoke them with a pour of Whisky l, a very complex smoke"
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,Awesome,Quick ship for an awesome cigar. I really enjoyed these and had to get more.
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,Carb,"Bang for buck, I would marry this cigar. Of course then I’d smoke her and have to marry the next one..."
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,Strong yet smooth,"Not normally a big CAO fan, but the 554 Flathead impressed enough to write review. By far one of the easiest drawing cigars I've had. As described strong molasses flavor and keeps building but smooth. One I would keep in the humidor."
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,Outstanding,Outstanding cigar. I like everything about it and would definitely buy again.
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,Beaus!!!,Great cigar!
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,660,This is a beautiful cigar in every way. Not only big on flavor but pure fun and enjoyment for the whole ride (sorry for the pun). I've also had the 770 and they're just too big IMO. The 660 seems just perfect! A good hour and half or more of pleasure!
CAO Flathead,4 out of 5,CAO Flathead V554,"I got a box of these a few weeks ago. They burn really well, have a great flavor profile, and a nice white ash. My only complaint is that a few sticks in the box had some minor imperfections in the wrapper, which caused them to leak a bit and produce an airy draw. I set a few aside to age in the humidor for several months."
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,Excellent cigars. Great for a,Excellent cigars. Great for a day at the lake fishing.
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,Hit the Carb,Highest rated 60-ring cigar ever for a reason. Go get some.
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,Flathead Carb,"Very good cigar. I have tried a couple of 5 packs and decided to go ""all in"" with a box.
I have not been disappointed."
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,CAO V660,Great smoke with even burn and good feel
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,Great value,Nice smoke for the price bullet punch works great on this
CAO Flathead,5 out of 5,CAO Rocks!,Delicious cigar! CAO cigars have become one of my favorite brands. They never disappoint me and this Flathead order was my first. Right out of the box it tasted so good and the construction is perfect. I will definitely be ordering these as a permanent in my rotation.
CAO Flathead Gearbox,5 out of 5,simply the best,"This is my go to smoke, my fave, highly suggest you try if you like full body smokes"
CAO Flathead Gearbox,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Is now one of my favorites.
CAO Flathead Gearbox,5 out of 5,RGR,I have enjoyed the Flathead Gearbox almost as much as I enjoy the Flathead Carb. CAO certainly has some fine cigars and this one continues the fine tradition
CAO Flathead Gearbox,5 out of 5,Nice addition to collection,Great cigar great look very special
CAO Flathead Gearbox,4 out of 5,This one needs to be in every guy's toolbox,"Medium bodied with a good consistent burn. The dark lucious wrapper is appealing and surrounds a flavorful binder exuding smooth, complex flavors with notes of spice, wood, and leather. Definitely as dependable as a 12-bolt posi!"
CAO Flathead Gearbox,5 out of 5,One of the best from CAO,Really good cigars
CAO Flathead Gearbox,5 out of 5,Luv them. Long lasting flavor,Luv them. Long lasting flavor
CAO Flathead Gearbox,4 out of 5,Excellent cogar,"I loved this Flathead and intend to buy other Flathead brands to try. The cigar is constructed very well, not too tight and certainly not so loose that the wrapper came apart. The flavor was excellent, full bodied without so much punch as to knock me back."
CAO Flathead Gearbox,5 out of 5,"CAO Flathead Gearbox 5.5x60,",dope smoke
CAO Flathead Gearbox,5 out of 5,Good flavor!,Got them for a gift. They were smooth and flavorful.
CAO Flathead Gearbox,5 out of 5,Great Smoke !!!,I have smoked several flatheads but this is one of the best The peppery taste is nice and robust ..
CAO Flathead Gearbox,4 out of 5,Excellent smoke and came on,Excellent smoke and came on time...
CAO Flathead Gearbox,5 out of 5,Great surprise,What a great flavor and very tasty will buy again
CAO Flathead Gearbox,3 out of 5,Good not great,Good not great
CAO Flathead Gearbox,5 out of 5,Gearbox,"Excellent part of the flathead line. A bit milder than sparkplug, camshaft and rest but still full of great flavor."
CAO Flathead Gearbox,5 out of 5,Flathead cigars,Very good cigars love them wish they were a better price bit that’s okay
CAO Flathead Gearbox,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
CAO Flathead Gearbox,5 out of 5,CAO has yet to fail,CAO has yet to fail with a good cigar
CAO Flathead Gearbox,5 out of 5,CAO Gearbox,Full bodied. Well constructed. Good smoke.
CAO Flathead Gearbox,4 out of 5,CAO Flathead Gearbox 5.5x60,Good smokes
CAO Flathead Gearbox,5 out of 5,Fantastic,Fantastic
CAO Flathead Gearbox,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,Great smoke!
CAO Flathead Gearbox,5 out of 5,CAO FLATHEAD GEARBOX,A very tasty addition to the Flathead series! CAO never lets me down!!! I will definitely purchase another box!
CAO Flathead Gearbox,4 out of 5,Solid 4 star smoke,"Good smoke, last flavor stage is ok."
CAO Flathead Gearbox,4 out of 5,My first gear head,"At first, I thought it was rather harsh and I was debating ending the experience and moving on to an old favorite. But after five minutes the flavor started to develop and I enjoyed it to the end. I’m looking forward to the next one, maybe tonight."
CAO Flathead Gearbox,4 out of 5,Gearbox,I enjoyed the smooth draw and full flavor. Easily one of my recent favorites
CAO Flathead Gearbox,5 out of 5,Nice smoke at a reasonable price,Nice flavor and aroma. Easy smoke. Burns great from beginning to end.
CAO Flathead Gearbox,5 out of 5,Wonderful,Didn't think the cigar was going to be that good. I'd you like a good cigar try this one.
CAO Flathead Gearbox,2 out of 5,Gears not great!,"These cigars looked great, presentation was awesome, little gears on the cigars was neat. Size was perfect, but and it’s a big but, these would not draw, i did get a couple of them going but then they burned uneven."
CAO Flathead Gearbox,5 out of 5,One of my new favorites,One of my new favorites
CAO Flathead Gearbox,5 out of 5,Great taste and flavor,Great taste and flavor
CAO Flathead Gearbox,5 out of 5,CAO Flathead,Excellent Cigar
CAO Flathead Gearbox,5 out of 5,Gearhead,Great price and just as good smoke!!
CAO Flathead Gearbox,5 out of 5,One of my favorites,"Smooth smoke, one of the best I have ever smoked."
CAO Flathead Gearbox,5 out of 5,CAO Has Done it Again,"These are absolutely delicious. These sticks are well constructed, burn evenly and are everything I wanted from the Flatheads. Get 'em. Smoke 'em. You won't be disappointed."
CAO Flathead Gearbox,5 out of 5,Nice,Good medium full smoke even burn
CAO Flathead Gearbox,5 out of 5,Good Stick,I like this smoke and I like the price
CAO Flathead Gearbox,5 out of 5,Great,Great
CAO Flathead Gearbox,5 out of 5,Cao Gearbox,"Excellent cigar. Rich, full bodied, full flavor. Pairs well with either Islay Scotch or dark coffee."
CAO Flathead Gearbox,4 out of 5,Very pleased,I'm in water there to be saying it's a c a o I found them to be very very pleasing went good with some cognac loved it
CAO Flathead Gearbox,5 out of 5,Good choice,A flathead fan and the gearbox is another good smoke
CAO Flathead Gearbox,5 out of 5,Great deal,Can’t go wrong with CI and the quality of their products and the great prices you get. Been buying boxes of cigars for 2 years from them and I won’t go anywhere else!!
CAO Flathead Gearbox,4 out of 5,Good cigar. Not quite as,Good cigar. Not quite as good as the red flathead but well worth the money
CAO Flathead Gearbox,5 out of 5,Another great CAO,very smooth full floavored cigar with a nice draw
CAO Flathead Gearbox,5 out of 5,Very nice cigar,Not for the feint of heart but if you're looking for bold and flavorful and great construction on this cigar you can't go wrong with this one 😊
CAO Flathead Gearbox,5 out of 5,yep I'm a gear head,I am in love with the flathead 660 so tried the gear head for a shorter smoke ... not disappointed .. same great cigar in a smaller chassis
CAO Flathead Gearbox,5 out of 5,Gear cigar,Great stogie but not as good as the spark plug.
CAO Flathead Gearbox,5 out of 5,masterful blend,These are exceptional smokes. Great with a glass of wine. Very smooth.
CAO Flathead Gearbox,4 out of 5,Bold 60 ring,"This is a full flavored, big bundle. This blend is not for the timid, it can be overwhelming at times, but enjoyable, The wrappers are nice and oily dark, the roll above average. Think of this cigar as a big Cabernet, with high alcohol content."
CAO Flathead Gearbox,5 out of 5,Flat head,Excellent smoke
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,4 out of 5,Bullneck,Always enjoy CAO
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,Great Stick,Great Stick
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,A great smoke.,A great smoke.
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,Great new order.,"Love the taste, the medium to full smoke."
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,4 out of 5,Good Cigar,"Good cigar. I let them rest a few months before smoking them, and they did not disappoint."
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,A good mild not too,A good mild not too strong 💪
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,4 out of 5,CAO flat head steel apehanger;,Great tasting cigar. Plenty of flavor and kick. Rich tobacco taste with just the right amount of pepper. Burns great and long with an easy draw. Give your self over an hour to smoke this one. Another winner from CAO!
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,danger0us,to bad they didnt include the helmet because it is dangerously delious
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Burns nice and even. The taste is smooth and see at the same time. Great smoke
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,A treat,DON'T PASS UP!! Great smoke. Don't let the ranking system fool you. This is a 90+ cigar.
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,Real mans cigar,Flathead series are the most enjoyable right up there with the mos t popular.
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,Awesome!!!!!!!!!!!,Great smoke - very balanced to the end
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,If you like a good,If you like a good full bodied cigar this would be a good choice it’s smooth nice aroma has a earthly taste one of my favorites
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,CAO - never let's you down,"The Flathead line - like all CAOs - is perfect every time. Construction, taste, burn - everything."
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,Road Kill,Awsome smoke with a good whiskey.
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,Pleased,"This was the first time ordering these and I was very pleased. Yes I’m going to be adding these to my regular rotation. Great quality, good smoke and very statisfying."
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,4 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,Excellent,"What’s not too like here, outstanding flavor, damn good smoke. If you haven’t tried them, do not wait another day."
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,Excellent smoke
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,With stopping for this roadkill!!,Good full bodied smoke. Nice length and ring gauge for a lunch or mid afternoon smokers
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,Stellar!!!,"These are a phenomenal two-hour smoke: superbly crafted, even burn, great billows of smoke. It’s my new favorite cigar. The packaging is remarkable - each one arrives in its own individual box, and the big box is itself a fine keepsake. Love these things!!!"
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,Ride the Steel Horse,Really good smoke with nice burn. Flavorful stick that you indulge when you are not in a hurry and want to relax.
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,Steel Horse,Great smoke...ordering more
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,4 out of 5,Steel horse,Love them great taste and good smoke
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,Nicely flavored,Great smoke and nice smooth flavor
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,Great !!nice smoke.,Great !!nice smoke.
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,Monster enjoyment,"This is a flavorful, mouth filling adventure of s smoke. Devote the time it demands. Be prepared for the occasional less than satisfactory even burn. Rolling these perfectly can't be easy, but even the problem sticks weren't that disappointing. This is a prime example of what's enjoyable in the large ring trend; it's terrific!"
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,CAO Flathead Steel Horse,A very outstanding cigar. I really enjoy the taste of this cigar.
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,3 out of 5,Apehanger,Good smoke. Nice draw. Not much change. Picks up intensity on final third. Like it and will smoke more
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,Consistently good,I’ve been a big fan of the bigger version of this cigar for years so decided to try this one. Flavorful and burns even
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,Bullneck,Good long smoke. Even burn. Good to the last puff.
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,Flathead,"Great smoke, great draw and overall flavor. One of my favorites."
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,Perfect smoke!,"The ring guage is perfect for me, not too small, not too big. This makes for a smooth draw of lots of heavy bodied, flavorful smoke."
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,4 out of 5,Apehanger,Cool name...ok cigar.
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,4 out of 5,Need more free shipping deals,Need more free shipping deals
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,Robusto Robert,"Good cigar , nice draw ."
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,Smoth,"Taste great, burns real nice, nice white ash. Very good cigar"
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,Great smooke,Very impressed with this cigar
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,Steel horse apehanger,Great cigar....... my second go to from the carb660 which is my first choice. Would definitely purchase again!
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,CAL Steel Horse,One of my favorites
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,Cao flathead cigars,"Cao hit it out the park with the flathead
What else can I say nice job!!"
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,Good smoke,"If you like a large ring cigar, you will enjoy the steel horse"
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,Love them,Simply superb
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,I love this place.,They are so on top of their game. Great resource to have.
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,Excellent smoke
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,Petfection,Very good cigar
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,Full throttle flavor,"Very good smoke. This tasty treasure took a little bit for me to get going but the flavor was great. Chose a punch cut for the first because of the ""flat head"" and a straight cut for the others. Love them and highly reccomend"
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,4 out of 5,Amazing,A little lighter than the Flathead (barely). Definitely a good smoke and one to try
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,Roadkill!!!!!,"Bought a box of the roadkill. Love this cigar! Great flavor, draw and great smoke out put!"
CAO Flathead Steel Horse,5 out of 5,Flathead steel,Good cigar I think that I like the flathead 770 a little better
CAO Flathead V19,5 out of 5,Love em!!!!!!!! 💨💨💨💨💨,Love em!!!!!!!! 💨💨💨💨💨
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,Love love love. 💖,Love love love. 💖
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,Great little cigar,These little cigars have a great flavor and very mild.
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,Nice blend!,Nice blend!
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,Just right,"Great flavor, everyone I gave one to loved them. Perfect for a drive home from work or a short time to relax."
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,"Wife is not a smoker,","Wife is not a smoker, but will puff on these while drinking a glass of wine. Keeps me company when I want to smoke a cigar."
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,Great everyday cigar,Great everyday cigar
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,cao honey corona,Love this honey can smokey it all the way
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,The wife loves this one,The wife loves this one.
CAO Flavours,4 out of 5,Good,"Good for the price, yet value interesting"
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,Love the Smell,I bought these for my friend because they are hard to find in our area. He comes over to smoke a cigar and I just love the smell. He says they are smooth tasting. The only ones he smokes. Thank you for a great product and fast shipping.
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,Great tasting smooth smoke for,Great tasting smooth smoke for a dog walk
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,Smooth & flavorful,Smooth & flavorful
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,CAO Moontrance,Good tasting quick smoke. My favorite of the flavored cigars.
CAO Flavours,4 out of 5,A good short smoke,A good short smoke
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,Luxuriating Experience,"For me, CAO Moontrance cigars accompanied with my favorite adult beverage is just pure luxury."
CAO Flavours,4 out of 5,Buen sabor y agradable olor.,Buen sabor y agradable olor.
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,Great price,Great smoke
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,Flavor,Great flavor with a cool and smooth draw 👌
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,Thanks,Thanks
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,Thanks,Thanks
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,Thanks,Thanks
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,Good taste even burn,Good taste even burn
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,Moontrance Mini,"Great flavor, good draw and very enjoyable for a quick smoke break."
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,Cherrybomb mini,"Great flavor, good draw and very enjoyable for a quick smoke break."
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,Honey Mini,"Very good flavor, good draw and love that they are for quick smoke breaks."
CAO Flavours,3 out of 5,Not Really for me but my wife,Not really for me but my wife likes them is nice when the wife tills me to grab a cigar for her as we Set an on the deck. Back to the cigar is minty on the litter Side.
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,Good flavor and nice aroma.,Good flavor and nice aroma.
CAO Flavours,3 out of 5,👍,👍
CAO Flavours,4 out of 5,Surprisingly nice little smokes,"Surprised by how mild the flavoring was and the quality of the sticks themselves. Was expecting a Backwoods and got quite a nice, well-made mini cigar. Clean wrapper, even burn, no harshness, not too sweet or heavy. Flavor was honest rather than chemical candy. Great value in a 10-pack of minis."
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,Great Cigar!!,Great smoke!! Love the aroma and flavor of this cigar!! It smells and smokes like a pipe!!
CAO Flavours,4 out of 5,nice cigar,"good cigar, mild and short. Not to sweet as I thought it would be"
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,Very nice short smoke,Very nice short smoke
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,My great go to cigar.,My great go to cigar.
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,Wife and I both love,Wife and I both love these smooth and just the right amount to have a drink with!
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,CAO Flavours Moontrance Mini,The wife loves these and think their the best.
CAO Flavours,4 out of 5,Good but not perfect,"Not much of a cherry flavor on the outside wrapper which is disappointing, but overall a nice quick smoke. There is a sweet taste about 2/3 through and the other 1/3 is just a real nasty earthiness which I personally don't look for in a flavored cigar. If you are looking for good high quality flavored cigars I prefer Drew Estates cigars."
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,Just right for that quick smoke,Was looking for a tasty smoke to finish quickly in these winter times in Iowa and these do the job. Great taste and smoke. Highly recommended
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,CAO,"very good taste, mild and soft. it is like caramel."
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,good mini cigars,"it's sweet and mild cigar, good to take some small talking or break something. recommend this thing."
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,Love them,Love them
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,Excellent,These cigars taste amazing and arrived in premium condition
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,"Good deal, great smoke",CAO makes an excellent cigar and CI gives a good deal on the brand.
CAO Flavours,4 out of 5,great little cigars to smoke,great little cigars to smoke when the weather gets cold out.
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,heavenly,love the smell and the taste of this cigar. one of the few flavored cigars I'll smoke
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,Smooth and mellow,"I have been buying these for years. Love, love them. Nice flavor and smooth smoke. Good draw to the end."
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,Nothing compares to Moontrance,"As a new cigar/cigarillo smoker, this was the first one I tried based on others I know enjoying it, and I was not at all disappointed. Since enjoying my first Moontrance cigarillo, nothing else compares. I have tried a variety of different flavors, both from CAO and other manufacturers, but nothing competes with Moontrance. From the first whiff of opening the tin to the last puff, this is a delightful product and I look forward to enjoying it each time."
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,Pleasant surprise,"What a pleasant surprise! I had never even considered this smoke, but it was one of the selections in a sampler that arrived yesterday. So, not knowing what to expect, I fired one up this afternoon. Very smooth, great draw, and nice flavor without being annoyingly sweet. A keeper..."
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,"Smooth, light and flavorful.","Smooth, light and flavorful."
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent 20 min smoke. The burn taste and draw are just like a full size cigar. Nice when you are short on time but want a quick smoke.
CAO Flavours,5 out of 5,Sweet ending,"A pleasant, short little smoke at end of the evening. My wife loves them."
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great little cigar,These little cigars have a great flavor and very mild.
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Nice blend!,Nice blend!
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,"Wife is not a smoker,","Wife is not a smoker, but will puff on these while drinking a glass of wine. Keeps me company when I want to smoke a cigar."
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great everyday cigar,Great everyday cigar
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,The wife loves this one,The wife loves this one.
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Good,"Good for the price, yet value interesting"
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Love the Smell,I bought these for my friend because they are hard to find in our area. He comes over to smoke a cigar and I just love the smell. He says they are smooth tasting. The only ones he smokes. Thank you for a great product and fast shipping.
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great tasting smooth smoke for,Great tasting smooth smoke for a dog walk
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Smooth & flavorful,Smooth & flavorful
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,CAO Moontrance,Good tasting quick smoke. My favorite of the flavored cigars.
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Buen sabor y agradable olor.,Buen sabor y agradable olor.
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great price,Great smoke
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Flavor,Great flavor with a cool and smooth draw 👌
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Thanks,Thanks
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Thanks,Thanks
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Thanks,Thanks
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Good taste even burn,Good taste even burn
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Moontrance Mini,"Great flavor, good draw and very enjoyable for a quick smoke break."
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Cherrybomb mini,"Great flavor, good draw and very enjoyable for a quick smoke break."
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Honey Mini,"Very good flavor, good draw and love that they are for quick smoke breaks."
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Surprisingly nice little smokes,"Surprised by how mild the flavoring was and the quality of the sticks themselves. Was expecting a Backwoods and got quite a nice, well-made mini cigar. Clean wrapper, even burn, no harshness, not too sweet or heavy. Flavor was honest rather than chemical candy. Great value in a 10-pack of minis."
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,4 out of 5,nice cigar,"good cigar, mild and short. Not to sweet as I thought it would be"
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Very nice short smoke,Very nice short smoke
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Wife and I both love,Wife and I both love these smooth and just the right amount to have a drink with!
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,CAO Flavours Moontrance Mini,The wife loves these and think their the best.
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Good but not perfect,"Not much of a cherry flavor on the outside wrapper which is disappointing, but overall a nice quick smoke. There is a sweet taste about 2/3 through and the other 1/3 is just a real nasty earthiness which I personally don't look for in a flavored cigar. If you are looking for good high quality flavored cigars I prefer Drew Estates cigars."
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Just right for that quick smoke,Was looking for a tasty smoke to finish quickly in these winter times in Iowa and these do the job. Great taste and smoke. Highly recommended
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,CAO,"very good taste, mild and soft. it is like caramel."
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,good mini cigars,"it's sweet and mild cigar, good to take some small talking or break something. recommend this thing."
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,4 out of 5,great little cigars to smoke,great little cigars to smoke when the weather gets cold out.
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Smooth and mellow,"I have been buying these for years. Love, love them. Nice flavor and smooth smoke. Good draw to the end."
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Nothing compares to Moontrance,"As a new cigar/cigarillo smoker, this was the first one I tried based on others I know enjoying it, and I was not at all disappointed. Since enjoying my first Moontrance cigarillo, nothing else compares. I have tried a variety of different flavors, both from CAO and other manufacturers, but nothing competes with Moontrance. From the first whiff of opening the tin to the last puff, this is a delightful product and I look forward to enjoying it each time."
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent 20 min smoke. The burn taste and draw are just like a full size cigar. Nice when you are short on time but want a quick smoke.
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Sweet ending,"A pleasant, short little smoke at end of the evening. My wife loves them."
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great cigarillo,Great cigarillo
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Moontrance cigarillo,"Cao moontrance cigarillo, so far these are my favorite flavored cigarillo. Great flavor from beginning all the way to the end. Stays lit, doesn't run or overheat. Next, I'm going to try the Eileen's dream."
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Great smoke okay price,Amazing little smoke for on shift. About twenty minutes is the threshold for these. Good flavor and doesn't burn as hot as I would anticipate for a cigarillos. Would've gotten five star but the price is a bit steep.
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great smoke,I really like these for a fairly quick and enjoyable change from the big sticks. Moontrance and Mango are my faves.
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Well worth a try.,This is one of my favorite quick smokes.
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Smooth,"Creamy, chocolaty, bit of whiskyness, not too sweet. You can still taste the good tobacco. Great short smoke. Also pleasant for being around nonsmokers."
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,"Nice flavor, awesome for a","Nice flavor, awesome for a quick, short smoke."
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Good cigars,"Great for a quicker smoke, about 15-20 minutes or so. The flavor is not quite the same as the pipe tobacco of the same ""flavour"", but still very good. Burns fine the whole way through."
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,For the price and flavor,Great cigar!
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,My Favorite,A favorite of mine and my friends. And the price is always great.
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Moontrace,These have become the second favorite outside of the acids by drew estates
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Wow like a great treat,Wow like a great treat at the end of work day
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Excellent service and price,"Fast shipping and great price, love the cigarillos as they are fresh and taste great."
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Lovely Little Smoke,"Well made and delicious. The flavoring is subtle, the construction is very good, and the draw is nice. About a 30 minute smoke...leaves a nice vapor trail, lol."
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great winter smoke,These patanellas are a great way to have a quick outdoor smoke during the cold winter months. Well constructed and great complex floral flavors of spices. Hard to stop at just having one. ;-)
CAO Flavours Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Not Bad,not bad but not up to my liking
CAO Fuma em Corda,5 out of 5,Excellent Smoke with a great,Excellent Smoke with a great finish
CAO Fuma em Corda,5 out of 5,Perfect draw... medium to bold... never fails,Very good cigar. When ever I see they are available I order several boxes. Am excellent go-to smoke in the evenings
CAO Fuma em Corda,5 out of 5,Great stick,Well worth the price. Quality smoke with hints of dark chocolate and coffee. A great value
CAO Fuma em Corda,5 out of 5,Will buy again,"Definetly a unique taste, but very good. Lasts a long time and stays lit."
CAO Fuma em Corda,5 out of 5,Awsome cigar,I think I may need to buy another box of these. this cigar puts out a lot of smoke and burns even and wow what flavor..
CAO Fuma em Corda,5 out of 5,Released only every 4 years. What year is this ?,"Every 4 yrs/ Cameroon on the inside? Puzzling, but a great stick.
Robusto is the better of the 2. And cost the same when you can find them. Seems to burn much more even. And don't have to commit an hour to enjoy it.
Getting another humidor just to stock up on these."
CAO Fuma em Corda,5 out of 5,Amazon Trilogy,"CAO Fuma em Corda is like a rich cup of coffee. I've also tried and enjoy the 3rd in the trilogy, Anaconda, but so far Fuma holds the #1 spot. I finally was able to locate the 1st in the series, Amazon Basin, and if it's anything like Corda and Anaconda, I will have the pleasure of saying I endulged in the unique flavors of Brazilian tobacco."
CAO Fuma em Corda,5 out of 5,Bold Flavor,This cigar is bold and flavorful. CAO knocked it out of the park once again!
CAO Fuma em Corda,5 out of 5,Love these,Deep and rich flavor. Even burn. Well constructed. Highly recommend.
CAO Fuma em Corda,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"Very good cigar, a little creamy peperie coffee taste good persistent taste Unic taste. Gives off a good amount of smoke with a good smooth draw."
CAO Fuma em Corda,5 out of 5,Cao,Love this cigar very well rounded smooth burning smooth tasting one of my better ones in my cigar case Was very pleased
CAO Fuma em Corda,5 out of 5,Just buy it,"This is a great cigar and if you keep looking at it, just buy it. You won’t regret it"
CAO Fuma em Corda,5 out of 5,Fuma em Cordo,"To think the cameroon is on the inside, was new for me. If you like Cameroon look no further.
Enjoyed the robusto more. Also, the robusto seem better assembled.
After the leaf is harvested, the leaf is tied and left to ferment for 4 years.
My understanding is this cigar, regardless of size is also only released every 4 years.
Get them, while the getting is good."
CAO Fuma em Corda,5 out of 5,Excellent stick,Excellent stick
CAO Fuma em Corda,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
CAO Fuma em Corda,3 out of 5,CAO Fuma em Corda toro,Does not live up to the hype-
CAO Fuma em Corda,5 out of 5,Great Cigars. Great price,The Fuma is a great cigar. The price was great. It’s nice that CI has this product now. Keep getting this product. The Anaconda and Basin is another product from the same tobacco growing area that it would be nice to be able to buy👍👍👍
CAO Fuma em Corda,2 out of 5,Mike Indiana,Cigars arrived very dry. I have them in humidor three weeks hopefully they will rehydrate.
CAO Fuma em Corda,5 out of 5,Awesome Smoke!,This is one of the best CAO sticks I have ever had. Well balanced with a smooth pepper taste and hints of fruit. It gets better towards the middle. So good I bought a second box. I'm going to age them for a couple years. This stick is right up the with the Amazon Basin!!
CAO Gold,5 out of 5,"Perfect after dinner smoke, great","Perfect after dinner smoke, great tobacco, perfect burn."
CAO Gold,4 out of 5,Quality cigar. Smooth flavor,Quality cigar. Smooth flavor
CAO Gold,5 out of 5,CAO Gold mini's (5 packs of 20),"I really like this mini cigar. It doesn't burn hot, smokes evenly, has a nice earthy taste that's not overpowering or sweet, it's packaged nicely, good 10 minute smoke and priced reasonably. Highly recommended!"
CAO Gold,5 out of 5,Dependable and a Good Value,"Inasmuch as I prefer something in the mild to medium range, I find the CAO Golds to be very well rolled, consistent in flavor throughout the box, and with nice nuances of spice (especially vanilla, at least on my palate) start to finish. Holds an ash well and, while not cheap, a good value for the money. Consider them on a par with the Romeo y Julieta Vintage."
CAO Gold,5 out of 5,CAO Gold,I discovered these a few months ago in a sampler. A nice tasting milder cigar.
CAO Gold,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"Wanted to try something new. Great smoke, good draw and flavor. Would recommend."
CAO Gold,3 out of 5,A little light on the flavor,Keep them in the wrapper until it is time to smoke. The ends got beat up quick in the humidor.
CAO Gold,4 out of 5,Good consistent cigar,"Nothing like a good consistent cigar after a long day and a good meal. Good medium body, 30 minute cigar."
CAO Gold,4 out of 5,Cap gold robusto,Good draw on the mild side but overall a nice everyday smoke
CAO Gold,4 out of 5,Great cigwr,"The only issue with this cigar is it burns a little faster than you'd think. Other than that, it's a little over what I usually pay for cigars but it has such a great flavor, even burn and good body to it."
CAO Gold,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,I thought this cigar had a great flavor and was very mild. Wasn't a big fan of CAO cigars but this one is a winner.
CAO Gold,5 out of 5,Cao gold,Smooth and flavorful
CAO Gold,4 out of 5,A good relaxing smoke.,A good relaxing smoke.
CAO Gold,5 out of 5,"Fantastic smoothness, unbeatable price","CAO Golds bring an unmatched smoothness to the table that really can't be beat. A great all around smoking experience unhampered by bitterness or unpleasant tastes, this is a cigar that punches way above it's weight. This stick comes highly recommended with an incredibly well deserved reputation as one of CAO's finest. I will definitely be buying again."
CAO Gold,5 out of 5,Gold Churchills,"Nice mellow smoke...slow burner, no harsh back bite...blends well with any good bourbon."
CAO Gold,5 out of 5,Another Great cigar by CAO!,"Another great cigar by CAO! One of my favorites. Just got my order in, and my first one fresh out of the pack is smoking beautifully. Perfect burn, nice draw, and great middle of the road flavor."
CAO Gold,5 out of 5,Definitely a keeper. One of,Definitely a keeper. One of the first cigars I ever smoked
CAO Gold,5 out of 5,"Mellow delicious smoke, always grab","Mellow delicious smoke, always grab them when on sale"
CAO Gold,5 out of 5,golfing,Awesome cigar mild but tasteful
CAO Gold,5 out of 5,cao gold,excellent small cigar very good for a fast smoke between jobs in the yard
CAO Gold,4 out of 5,"well made, mild/medium with good","well made, mild/medium with good flavors and burn."
CAO Gold,4 out of 5,Tasty mello,Good deal
CAO Gold,5 out of 5,Good cigar. Mild yet flavorful,Good cigar. Mild yet flavorful
CAO Gold,3 out of 5,Nice Flavor,Great price for the sale but the feet keep cracking. I recommend leaving them in the plastic until you are ready to smoke.
CAO Gold,5 out of 5,Birmingham Marine,"These are some of the best stogies I’ve had. Very smooth, no after taste or harsh interactions with my taste buds. Great offering !!"
CAO Gold,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
CAO Gold,5 out of 5,Smooth,"Really enjoy these, smooth enough to be your everyday smoke. These will not disappoint but they do burn fast for some reason?"
CAO Gold,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,"Great smoke for the price, very mellow pull to it."
CAO Gold,5 out of 5,1st time buy on CAO.,1st time buy on CAO. Excellent taste and smooth
CAO Gold,4 out of 5,good burn,good burn
CAO Gold,5 out of 5,Good,Very good
CAO Gold,5 out of 5,Awesome,Good Cigar for a quick smoke.
CAO Gold,4 out of 5,OK ///dry,OK ///dry
CAO Gold,4 out of 5,CAO Gold always good.,Smokes Slow
CAO Gold,4 out of 5,Average,"Wasn't blown away by these. However, it wasn't terrible."
CAO Gold,4 out of 5,one of my favorite brands,one of my favorite brands
CAO Gold,5 out of 5,Great cigar for every day,Great cigar for every day smoking
CAO Gold,5 out of 5,light flavor even burn nice,light flavor even burn nice draw
CAO Gold,5 out of 5,Smooth and flavorful burns slow,Smooth and flavorful burns slow and complete
CAO Gold,4 out of 5,Great mild to medium smoke.,Great mild to medium smoke.
CAO Gold,4 out of 5,Good Cigar,Very smooth and pleasing.
CAO Gold,5 out of 5,Very nice,"Super smooth and mellow. Complex flavors, burns nice."
CAO Gold,4 out of 5,Great churchill,Smooth smoke very tasty during golf
CAO Gold,4 out of 5,Nice smoke,Good smooth smoke. I am a fan and would buy again. If you are a novice - this a not a bad smoke to start with or to keep in your humidor. Smooth / not hard.
CAO Gold,5 out of 5,Super Cigar,GREAT CIGAR…I am spacing out the remaining few between other cigars as a treat
CAO Gold,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Nice cigar - I can count on CAO for a reliable cigar.
CAO Gold,5 out of 5,My Go-to Cigar!,"Mild & delicious, my all-time favorite! I enjoy other smokes for a little variety but I always come back to this one."
CAO Gold,5 out of 5,Great,Great
CAO Gold,5 out of 5,Good Smoke,A smooth cigar that isn't over powering. Burns slow. I bought a discounted box and went back to buy a 5 pack.
CAO Gold,4 out of 5,Smoken,Good smoke
CAO Gold Maduro,5 out of 5,CAO Gold Maduro Corona Gorda,I find these cigars to be very favorable and not at all harsh. They are a refreshing smoke with an easy draw. I particularly like the length and ring size for a longer more enjoyable experience.
CAO Gold Maduro,5 out of 5,CAO for evertday,I have always enjoyed CAO Brazilia but thought a slightly less intense version of that cigar would be perfect for all those more casual/less intense times. This cigar hits that spot perfectly. Outstanding CAO burn quality and depth of flavor for a Maduro smoker. Cheers.
CAO Gold Maduro,5 out of 5,I really enjoy them. Great,I really enjoy them. Great tast! Good price!
CAO Gold Maduro,5 out of 5,Won’t be disappointed,Great flavor glad I bought the box !! Can’t beat the price
CAO Gold Maduro,5 out of 5,So good I'd eat them,So good I'd eat them if it was possible.
CAO Gold Maduro,4 out of 5,Good cigar,It’s a nice cigar worth buying
CAO Gold Maduro,4 out of 5,Nice stick,Nice stick. Love Robusto and this one is no different . Very flavorful. Seem to canoe when burning. Otherwise a great smoke.
CAO Gold Maduro,3 out of 5,Great cigar but,Great cigar but the burn on 4 out of five was very very poor
CAO Gold Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar price could be,Great cigar price could be a little cheaper.
CAO Gold Maduro,5 out of 5,CAO Gold Maduro Robusto,"My favorite cigar is a Maduro, my favorite size is a Robusto. This cigar fills the bill for all my pleasures in a great stik! A mild to med smoke that stays the same from lighting to nub. Great flavor! This cigar is new to me, but you can rest assured, it won't be a stranger to my humidors."
CAO Gold Maduro,5 out of 5,pricing and shipping as always right on target,top 5 of all my orders to date. the robusto size is perfect for the patio and pool. smoke is exactly as advertised. will defintely reorder soon.
CAO Gold Maduro,3 out of 5,Good flavor but burned poorly.,The first cigar I had only burned about a third then got mushy and stop the burning all together. Second one burned well. Has a nice peppery flavor. Hopefully the remaining won't have a burn problem.
CAO Gold Maduro,5 out of 5,dark and mild,I was surprised at how much I enjoyed this cigar. A friend recommended this CAO to me as both a reasonably priced and mild cigar. My impression had been that a maduro would be stronger than i would like. Not the case. This was a smooth smoke with just the right strength. I’ll be keeping some of these in my humidor long term.
CAO Gold Maduro,5 out of 5,Very enjoying cigar.would buy again.,Very enjoying cigar.would buy again.
CAO Gold Maduro,5 out of 5,Cao Maduro,"For myself I like a stronger cigar, but there is no denying the smoothness and favors presented in this fine stick"
CAO Gold Maduro,4 out of 5,Good smoke,This is a good smoke on a relaxing day. Only complaint is it seemed to be a little loose on the overall wrapping otherwise will buy again.
CAO Gold Maduro,5 out of 5,Smooth maduro,"I got a five pack of robusto CAO Gold Maduros two weeks ago and smoked my first one today. A smooth, mild cigar that burned evenly. The wrapper held together and the cap stayed intact - important to an enjoyable, hassle free smoke. The flavor was mild but tasty, getting stronger but never bitter near the end. A great cigar for the price."
CAO Gold Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Great Smoke
CAO Gold Maduro,5 out of 5,Outstanding cigar,I just finished a box of these and was really sad. I think the maduro wrapper on this cigar is just perfection.
CAO Gold Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent,"Yes, these are excellent cigars. I plan to order more and more. Try ‘em and you’ll like ‘em."
CAO Gold Maduro,5 out of 5,CAO Gold Maduro,"I have purchased these for the past 3 years. They are an excellent smoke. Will continue to keep these in my humidor along with other fine smokes. Easy draw, good taste, nice smoke and the ash really tells the story of a perfect wrapped cigar."
CAO Gold Maduro,5 out of 5,CAO Gold Maduro Torpedo,One of my top ten favorites they never disappoint.
CAO Gold Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent Recommendation,A friend recommended the CAO Gold Maduro Churchill cigars and it was a great choice. I am enjoying them and plan to reorder them with my next order
CAO Gold Maduro,5 out of 5,CAO Gold Maduro Robusto,A very nice smoke...will purchase more.
CAO Gold Maduro,5 out of 5,Another 5 for CAO!,Another 5 for CAO. I never have had ( One ) bad cigar from CAO. This one is delicious and of course you get CAO quality.
CAO Gold Maduro,5 out of 5,CAO Gold Maduro Churchill,Excellent cigar and balanced smoke. I generally order a box of 20 every few months and enjoy their easy draw and rich flavor.
CAO Gold Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent!,"Excellent cigar. I am a fan of the maduro wrapper and loved the Cao Gold so I figured this combination is a can't miss. I was correct. Purchased a 5 pack to try them out and immediately purchased a whole box. These are a great buy for anyone. They are a medium, smooth smoke with a touch of spice on the wrapper. Highly recommend."
CAO Gold Maduro,5 out of 5,Totally sutisfied,"Prompt delivery, great prices, high quality, ..., totally sutisfied. Thanks, CI!"
CAO ICON,5 out of 5,"Awesome smoke, nice draw. Long","Awesome smoke, nice draw. Long lasting."
CAO ICON,5 out of 5,CAO Chow Chow,What can I say it’s a CAO..... Instant classic.... of all the ICONs that just appeared the CAO is the best with its dark leathery wrapper you know it’s gonna have some peppery chocolate notes all in a quality wrapper - guess what no disappointment here!
CAO ICON,5 out of 5,You will need a box!,"Bold yet smooth! CAO is my go to and these are right there with Flatheads. Coffee, wood notes, with a tiny sprinkle of floral/fruitiness. These don't disappoint!"
CAO ICON,5 out of 5,CAO Icon,Great smoke! Had my first one from the Whack a Deal after a purchase of my usuals. Next purchase was two boxes of these. Highly recommend.
CAO ICON,5 out of 5,CAO,Awesome as usual!
CAO ICON,4 out of 5,Decent cigar,"I was looking for an alternative to the MX2, and this fills the void between that and lighter cigars. I'm pleased with the medium+ strength and good flavor profile...all at a reasonable price."
CAO ICON,5 out of 5,Took me by surprise,First of all I am never disappointed with Cigars International. Second these CAO Icons are amazing. What a smooth burn and great taste from start to finish.
CAO ICON,5 out of 5,Icon,A very rich and smooth cigar. Much like the Flatheads I always smoke. Well worth my money. I have ordered another 2 boxes of them.
CAO ICON,4 out of 5,I like a tasty medium,"I like a tasty medium to full cigar with a glass of whiskey in the early evening while gazing out at the lights of Waikiki from my balcony and this cigar fits the bill every time, ALOHA"
CAO ICON,5 out of 5,Perfect!,"Perfect!!
CAO Brazilia and Columbia have always been my favorite.
The Icon has now taken over 1st place. If your a CAO fan
I highly recommend you give this one a try!!"
CAO ICON,5 out of 5,Robust and hearty,loved it
CAO ICON,5 out of 5,best smoke I've had this,best smoke I've had this year... Really enjoy the wrap and perfect balance of this smoke
CAO ICON,5 out of 5,Really Like It,Really like this one. It's similar in flavor to the Macanudo Inspirado Black.
CAO ICON,5 out of 5,Worth it. Smokes like an,Worth it. Smokes like an Mx2 with a sweet flavorrd wrapper.
CAO ICON,5 out of 5,Craig c.,Another great cao
CAO ICON,4 out of 5,"Try one, it’s a nice cigar !","I’m not good at flowery descriptions of taste. Suffice to say I get mocha, wood and some spice. In any case the construction is great, burn nice and straight, draw good. A really nice cigar, try it I think you’ll like it."
CAO Italia,5 out of 5,My first,This will always be my first and favorite cigar
CAO Italia,5 out of 5,Excellent price Excellent service,"Excellent price
Excellent service"
CAO Italia,5 out of 5,CAO Italia Piazza. Very nice cigar,CAO is my favorite brand and the Italia is an excellent smoke from start to finish.
CAO Italia,5 out of 5,CAO Italia Cigar,"This is a wonderful smoking cigar, full of flavor, very mild and smooth. Hints of coffee and mild nutty flavors come through, burns mild all the way down. Would highly recommend this cigar to all."
CAO Italia,5 out of 5,Very smooth smokes,Very enjoyable from start to finish! Another superb CAO cigar
CAO Italia,5 out of 5,Wonderful!,"First third: bold but smooth. Deep earth, sweet cedar with some bitter cocoa and leather in the background. Picking up some spice notes as well. Spice notes definitely picked up. All the above playing very well together...loving the flavor!
Second third: Midway spice fades a tiny bit and the sweet wood/grass picks up. Otherwise no changes really which is good because I'm loving the flavor as is! Toward the end a bit of white pepper on the tongue. Cedar picked up just a bit.
Final third: white pepper faded off. An earthy, milk chocolate and mild cedar are dominant early. Midway cedar picks up a bit.
At the end. Cedar has faded a bit once again. Earth and chocolate with a definite sweet grass flavor.
Overall: Fantastic flavor! I'm not sure but maybe even better than the Brazilia. One touch up in the first third and a minor touch up in the final.
A definite buy again!"
CAO Italia,4 out of 5,I was torpedoed,Just got these today I'm not a strong cigar smoker and I usually don't get the full effects of flavor until half way through but this cigar was bursting with tasty flavor from the beginning and just got better a definite four stars plus for me.
CAO Italia,5 out of 5,Viva Italia,One of the best tasting and even burning cigars I've had. I'm extremely impressed by how well made and delicious these are.
CAO Italia,5 out of 5,great smoke,This cigar is mild and a very smooth smoke. I enjoy them greatly.
CAO Italia,4 out of 5,"Well made, decent cigar","I love CAO because they are always so consistent. These Italias are very nice, well-constructed cigars. I usually buy their Brazillia stick, but wanted to try something slightly milder. However, to my palette, these were as strong, if not stronger, than the Brazillia."
CAO Italia,4 out of 5,Medium sweet smoke at a,Medium sweet smoke at a good price
CAO Italia,4 out of 5,Cao Italia,A nice medium body cigar with a smooth clean burn
CAO Italia,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Awesome smoke
CAO Italia,5 out of 5,One of my favorites,"Great cigar, good taste and very smooth."
CAO Italia,4 out of 5,It’s a nice smoke.,It’s a nice smoke.
CAO Italia,5 out of 5,A favorite,Consistent flavor and quality means repeated enjoyment. My father-in-law and I smoke everyday and these are out favorites!
CAO Italia,3 out of 5,CAO Italia,Ok but found the Brasília a more favorable finish.
CAO Italia,5 out of 5,Love them,Love them
CAO Italia,5 out of 5,Love this cigar,"One of my all time favorites. Prefer the Ciao in size, rolled excellent superb draw, even burn all the way through. Quite tasty with just with a little spice which makes it nice. Love this cigar."
CAO Italia,5 out of 5,Delicious!,Delicious!
CAO Italia,5 out of 5,Great Smoke !,Great Smoke. Enjoy everytime.
CAO Italia,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
CAO Italia,3 out of 5,smooth and cheap,decent daily
CAO Italia,3 out of 5,Not bad,Decent daily cigar
CAO Italia,5 out of 5,Italias,My favorite cigar reasonably priced always consistent!
CAO Italia,5 out of 5,"Great smoke, burns well and","Great smoke, burns well and just an overall all great smoke."
CAO Italia,4 out of 5,CAO ITALIA,GOOD CONSISTENT SMOKE
CAO Italia,5 out of 5,This is a can't miss!,This is a can't miss!
CAO Italia,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
CAO Italia,5 out of 5,Years,I've been satisfied with this cigar for about ten years.
CAO Italia,4 out of 5,Well balanced for the price,Perfect for after dinner
CAO Italia,5 out of 5,CAO. Italia,Great smoke
CAO Italia,5 out of 5,Great smoke,These are my new favorite cigars
CAO Italia,2 out of 5,Won't draw,I really like these cigars but after several boxes I find that about one out of four will not draw. It is really almost painful to try to smoke one of these. The last two I just throw away in anger. Looking for another favorite.
CAO Italia,5 out of 5,No,Ok
CAO Italia,4 out of 5,Good cigar smooth no aftertaste,Good cigar smooth no aftertaste
CAO Italia,5 out of 5,One of my favorites,"Great flavor, good draw, always have a few in my humidor"
CAO Italia,5 out of 5,Always CAO,Always CAO
CAO Italia,4 out of 5,Great Stick 4 the price,"CAO Is my go to cigar with the brazila my favorite. Followed by the Italia. The look of the Italia is attractive. The feel is firm. And the aroma before lighting says, I can’t wait to smoke this. The Italia is a full bodied cigar but less bite. I didn’t get that end burn. Has a bit of sweetness. The burn was even and only had to touch it up a few time. The ash was white. For $4.50/$5.00 bucks, it’s a great smoke"
CAO Italia,4 out of 5,Enjoyable with my afternoon drink,Enjoyable with my afternoon drink
CAO Italia,5 out of 5,Cao italia,"I have smoked cao for years, but lately both Italia and America cigars have been sub par. About half of the boxes have suffered from poor construction( tunneling) and have burned canoeing. I have contacted CAO without response in the past. I’m about to give up on CAO cigars."
CAO Italia,5 out of 5,Excellent construct. Beautiful draw. A,Excellent construct. Beautiful draw. A very good cigar
CAO Italia,5 out of 5,Top 5 favorites,Unbelievable flavor and aroma. Adding it to my top 5 cigars.
CAO Italia,5 out of 5,Tasty,Tasty
CAO Italia,5 out of 5,CAO Italia,"Flavorful, unique-love this one! CAO brings it!"
CAO Italia,4 out of 5,Impressed,I smoke a lot of Alec Bradley and Oliva. Thought I would give these a try and have to say an excellent cigar for the reasonable price
CAO Italia,4 out of 5,Molto Bene!,"Wonderful draw. Always well made. Just right in the hand. Balanced spice, strong tobacco notes and lite sweetness on the palate. A consistently tasty smoke...but The CAO America is even better. Get some."
CAO Italia,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,"Strong flavor, smooth long smoke"
CAO Italia,5 out of 5,Rich like a nigaraguan without the harshness.,"I enjoy the richness of this cigar, without the harsh bite of some Nicaraguans."
CAO Italia,5 out of 5,CAO Italia,Great cigar smooth great taste
CAO La Traviata,4 out of 5,Good Special Deal,"Great right out of the box. Slow, tasty burn and perfect draw. Really pleased!!!"
CAO La Traviata Maduro,4 out of 5,Strong Stogie,"Excellent cigar, but I warn you...do not smoke this one on an empty stomach! It is strong. Great flavor, though, and an even burn all they way through. I'm fast becoming a CAO fan. Should have tried CAO a long time ago, but now I'm catching up. Thanks CI!"
CAO La Traviata Maduro,5 out of 5,Nice even burn on every,Nice even burn on every stick.
CAO La Traviata Maduro,3 out of 5,Enjoyable 4 the price,"Box smoked fairly well, a few sticks were too tight. Very chewy until about 1/3 in. It starts to take on a acridic ashtray flavor(without ever being in an ashtray) right about half way unfortunately. The first third is delightful though. I got at a good price, so worth it. Good smoke in the morning with your coffee"
CAO La Traviata Maduro,4 out of 5,Pretty good smoke in a little body,"I bought these for the price and it's well worth it. Nice flavor, body and taste packed into a little cigar."
CAO La Traviata Maduro,5 out of 5,CAO La Traviata,Great stick. Great flavor and a smooth even burn.
CAO La Traviata Maduro,4 out of 5,Not as good as the Opera,"The length and price on this cigar are just right. However,the cigar smokes and tastes average. It has a chemical taste for the first 1/3 and then it settles in with some anise, dark tobacco and coffee notes. It pairs ok with coffee but little else for my taste.
When this opera ends the fat lady doesn't sing."
CAO La Traviata Maduro,3 out of 5,Good,Not as good as the Brasília ... but they were good
CAO La Traviata Maduro,4 out of 5,Nice,Was a good buy.
CAO La Traviata Maduro,4 out of 5,Great,Surprisingly....Awesome!
CAO La Traviata Maduro,5 out of 5,Awesome cigar !!,Awesome cigar !!
CAO La Traviata Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke,If you’ve never tried this cigar you need to right now. Excellent flavor throughout and extremely smooth. Great all the way around and at an amazing price.
CAO La Traviata Maduro,4 out of 5,"Enjoyed it, great cigar for","Enjoyed it, great cigar for the money!"
CAO La Traviata Maduro,4 out of 5,Yum.,"Great smoke. Not as good as Nica Libres, but they'll do. By the way CI, when is that new batch due in? Been waitin' for a while now."
CAO La Traviata Maduro,5 out of 5,Another Great Cigar,Just another great buy
CAO La Traviata Maduro,4 out of 5,Love CAO,"Nice cigar, my size, meaning , shorter duration, my flavor, DARK, burns well. Need some more NICE DISCOUNTS on CAO."
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,5 out of 5,BEST CIGAR EVER,"Best flavor and great draw, burns well smoked these for years.
Do not change a thing. maybe lower the price would be nice."
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,4 out of 5,Underrated,I would rate this cigar at 94
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,5 out of 5,Great value at twice the price.,"This my go to cigar. Phenomenal stick! Flawless burn, effortless draw, tons of flavor. I just can't believe the value.
JoeFlorida's..."
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,4 out of 5,CAO Cameroon,Great cigars in a nice box for a bonus.
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,4 out of 5,"Not fancy, but I sure love them.","Well, you can see all the great ratings, but after years of smoking these, I had to write my own. It's not a spicy cigar, it's not complex... nothing fancy... but they are very tasty, very. And well made. What else could I really ask for? I love these things."
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,5 out of 5,Great cigars at Great price,Great cigars at Great price
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,5 out of 5,CAO,The CAO Anniversarire is my go everyday cigar.
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,5 out of 5,"Perfect combo of filler, binder, and wrapper. Burns and smokes like a $50 cigar","After smoking this to about the middle of the stoggie, I was so impressed I had to bring this cigar inside to inspect it under the light to get a glimpse of the ash color and inside filler. The filler, wrapper, and binder combination used here is as close to perfection as it can get. For an under rated, rather unknown cigar I have to say they did a fantastic job. Picked up another 5 to verify it wasn't a fluke, now moving on to box purchases for these. I really think the Camaroon wrapper adds a great zip to it!
Ed"
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,5 out of 5,Great service and great cigar,Great service and great cigar
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,5 out of 5,CAO robusto,"My favorite stooges, great flavor and smooth to the finish"
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,5 out of 5,Love these,Love these
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,5 out of 5,Great Smokes,I received my order quickly. The cigars were perfectly humid and smoked great. Very pleased!
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,5 out of 5,O.M.G TRY A COUPLE .....PLEASE,"Spices,Spices and more SPICES, GOOD DRAW, GOOD BURN & O.M.G. THE FLAVOR IS ,WELL OUTSTANDING.I RATE THE TOROS 96.. THATS ME!!! MAXOFTEXAS"
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,4 out of 5,Cameroon Paradise!,This smoke has rich and creamy flavor straight through to the end! The perfect finish to a great meal and drinks!
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,5 out of 5,CAO Cameron Wrap,"This is my favorite and only cigar that I enjoy. easy draw great Cameron flavor .
Do not change a thing to this cigar and please continue to carry this cigar for all us that enjoy this mid -smoke"
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,4 out of 5,Good with brandy,"Very pleasant smoke. I had it with a VSOP Prunier cognac and they complemented each other nicely. The mouth is mellow and long lasting. I gave it four rather than five stars because it is perhaps a little too fast-burning. I reached the end after just 25 minutes. Definitely worth the money, though."
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,5 out of 5,Great,One of my favorites. A nice medium bodied smoke.
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,5 out of 5,Rediscovered,Had them once in a sampler took advantage of the great offer for a top shelf smoke!
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,4 out of 5,nice smoke,nice smoke
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,5 out of 5,Very smooth,Very smooth
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,5 out of 5,CAO cameroon,"Great smoke, great price"
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,5 out of 5,cao cammeroon,Exceptional smoke for the money
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,4 out of 5,CAO Cameroon,The Cameroon is one of my favorites. I'd give it 5 stars but I reserve that for only THE best. This is smooth from start to finish. Need I say more?
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,5 out of 5,Best Ever,"I always take the opportunity to buy these, especially on sale! Can’t refuse. My first and best ‘wow’ cigar experience that stays with me."
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,5 out of 5,Mellow with Flavor,Hands down a great smoke for all types
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,5 out of 5,Cao,Very nice
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,5 out of 5,excellent,excellent
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,4 out of 5,CAO,This is a cigar I have smoked for years! It’s one of my favorites. Can’t go wrong with this one!!
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,3 out of 5,Cao,Not a bad stick for a short walk
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,5 out of 5,Anniversary Cameroon,Without a doubt my favorite. The box press and burns great.
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,5 out of 5,Mild taste,Mild taste
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,4 out of 5,Good not great,"Nice cigar burns well, smooth nice flavor at the beginning kind of falls out at the end. Over all good but not great."
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,5 out of 5,"Best bang for the buck, period!","Phenomenal stick! Flawless burn, effortless draw, toms of smoke and flavor. I just can't believe the value. I would buy at twice the price!"
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,CAO Cameroon is one of the best of the CAO's line of cigars. An excellent smoke!
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,5 out of 5,Very Good Smoke,"Firm, even burn, with pleasant taste."
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,3 out of 5,dry,I love the cigar. when I received them they were dry.
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,5 out of 5,Cameroon!,"An awesome milder but tasty treat!
I purchase these whenever they go on sale to keep my humidor stocked!"
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,5 out of 5,Perfect,Perfect
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,5 out of 5,CAO - Cameroon,One of my favorite cigars. always smooth with great flavor. They arrived quickly and fresh and in great shape. These are always on the list for a repeat order. A quality cigar and a great value.
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,4 out of 5,Excellent Medium Bodied Smokes,I have ordered these CAO Cameroon cigars a few times and will continue to do so. There are tasty medium body cigars which are contently well built. These are good smokes for both experienced and new smokers alike.
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,5 out of 5,My Go To Smoke,"Five Stars, These are smooth with no bitter after taste, draw well & burn evenly."
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,4 out of 5,Fore!,This is the perfect Cigar for Golf
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,5 out of 5,Great value,"I haven't opened the box yet, they are a favorite! I would compare them to Fuentes Hemingway. A great price for a great cigar."
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,5 out of 5,My favorite cigar,I love CAO and this is very smooth but potent cigar
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,5 out of 5,I did not receive the,I did not receive the Belliscos I ordered. Received Toros which I previously ordered. Reported and received credit. Cigars are excellent
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,4 out of 5,CAO Cameroon,I was kind of expecting this to be a mild flavored cigar. It’s got kick to it! The last 1/4 was so flavorable it was really hard to put down. Great stick for the price.
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,4 out of 5,Solid CAO,"Got in a sampler, odd shaped cigar but good taste and GREAT burn, thick long Ash but first 1/2 was a very tough draw. Maybe just need some time in the humidor."
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,5 out of 5,Great cigar,One of the best values of high rated smokes out there
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,5 out of 5,Great,Great
CAO L'Anniversaire Cameroon,5 out of 5,A Fine Cigar,"A medium strength smoke that burns evenly, and has a perfect draw for the whole cigar."
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,Good cigar for the price,"Got these because of the alleged connection to the sopranos I read somewhere that this is one the cigars JamesGandolfini smoked On the show, and although that’s debatable the quality is not. This cigar has a smooth draw, good construction and a pleasant flavor great after work with a cup of coffee or a beer! Always burns pretty straight and for me so far have been consistent I would recommend getting as they are relatively inexpensive."
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,4 out of 5,"Good flavor consistent smoke, just","Good flavor consistent smoke, just doesn’t blow my sock off"
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,3 out of 5,"Not bad, just very strong.","A nice pull but I bought a pack of five and have 3 left. Very full and dark. Taste is there but its very strong. Not too much of a fan of the smell neither. Not a bad cigar, maybe I'm just not ready for a full bodied cigar just yet."
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,Luv it!!!,Luv luv luv! Rich dark wrapper med-full flavor has become another new Favorite!!!
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent,"One of the best smokes I've had to date. Smooth, great flavor notes. Easily a daily stick. Disappointed I only purchased the 5-pack and not a box. Fighting myself to not use up the last two. Hands down will be my next box."
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,CAO Anniversary MADURO,This is probably my favorite smoke of all time knocking off the AVO#2 from the top spot. Highly recommend
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Cigar!,"This is the best draw, the best burn and best taste in my humidor! What a great smoke, every-time. Thank you CI."
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,4 out of 5,Solid choice for those darker moments,"A very good, solid cigar. As should be expected from its all Maduro tobacco make-up, this cigar has a pronounced ""deep and dusky"" taste that is dominated by black pepper and dark coffee. There's not much bitterness, but there's really not much sweetness either. Well-constructed and burns pretty evenly. A spot-on medium-full in body and strength without being overly robust or harsh--it smokes reasonably smooth. I tend to prefer some other CAO offerings that better match my tastes, but this is an excellent choice for those darker moments."
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,One of best I love them,Same
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,Great,These sticks are what Madura lovers crave.
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,Old Faithful,"Never lets me down. This Madura is an easy smoke, great flavor and is enjoyable down to the nub...."
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,Don't Overlook These Beauties.,I would enjoy these from time to time but never thought twice about them. Well I happened to leave a few in my humidor for a couple years. The resulting smoke I discovered is well worth the commitment. Buy a box and thank me in 18-24 months!
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,4 out of 5,Very nice cigar,This cigar has become my daily cigar. I recommend it.
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,Benchmark maduro,"Great start to finish. Dark, flavorful and smooth. If there is a better maduro let me know."
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,Very good smoke,You cannot beat these for the money. Consistent great tasting draw.
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,great cigar,great cigar
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,CAO L'Anniversary,LOVE THESE
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,Jeff,CAO Anniversary has become my favorite cigar. They are great from start to finish.
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,Awesome,Is one of my favorites! Reminded me of a 1964 Padron but in a medium body! My top five.
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,3 out of 5,Decent but not special,It’s a decent smoke. But would rate it at the bottom of the rest of the cao flavors/types.
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"One of my favorite cigars, smooth with a great aroma."
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,Great stick,"These are great everyday smokes, great with coffee in the morning, great with tea in the afternoon, or par with your favorite adult beverage at night....."
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,Great,Great
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,unknown,Still haven't received my order yet........ seems to be taking a very long time for this order to arrive. So I didn't select any star's for this reason.
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,CAO Happiness!,A great tasting smooth Maduro 🐾
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,Great service as always. Cigars,Great service as always. Cigars arrived fresh and fast.
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,This is a fine cigar right from the light. Beautiful in the wrapper. Excellent bold flavors with a wonderful draw. Tends to burn a tad uneven but all is forgiven with the taste and aroma from this fine cigar. It's a winner.
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,CAO L'Anniversarire Maduro,Arrived on time in good condition. Resting nicely in the tupador. Going to let them sit for a few months...if I can resist
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,AWESOME SAUCE,All good stuff as usual.....
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,Favorite,Favorite
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,4 out of 5,"One of my favorite cigars,","One of my favorite cigars, set back and smoke"
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,CAO Lives On,"Nice smoke with smooth flavors that intertwine with each puff. This box pressed stick is a beauty and a legend! Sometimes I find that this brand CAO is hit or miss. The Pilon for ex. was a dud!! No credit except for the vein free wrapper. Back to the Maduro review: Construction excellent... Aromas head turning, Flavor tasty, Burn nice and even, Price can't beat it! What are you waiting for?"
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,Maduro Belicoso,One of my favorite cigars but a little pricey
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,New Favorite,"Up until these maduro babies, the CAO Gold Maduro was my favorite cigar. It's even better than the Kristoffs."
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,CAO CAO CAO!!!,One of my Favorite Maduro.. Easy to smoke and smooth..
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,4 out of 5,Excellent Cigar,CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro Toro is at the top of the list for cigars in this price range.
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,4 out of 5,fifty fifty,"First 3 quarters was fine, it then burned a little hot and strong."
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,Love them!!!!!!!! :-0,"Spicy,Rich,Leather,Dark Chocolate. Haven't felt like this about a cigar before. Wish they made these in Cigarillos for those times when I'm super busy I love these a definite in my top 10. Get Them!!!!!"
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,Friday night smoke!,A box pressed toro with a larger ring size than the robusto giving it a nice draw and even burn right to the nub. This is a tasty maduro that you will enjoy without the 'boutique' price.
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,"Great, Classic Maduro","CAO L'anniversaire Maduro was the first maduro I ever had back when I started smoking cigars around 5 years ago. It still is my favorite. Smooth to the core. Beautiful, rich flavors and aroma. The standard of maduros and for a great price. It's great expanding your pallet with different tastes, strengths and flavors, but it's also good to feel at home and that's how it is with the CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro. An easy 5 stars."
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,A great Stick,"The CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro is one of my favorite sticks from the CAO line. It's awesome. FUN FACT: On the show The Soprano's, Tony is seen many time's lighting up one of these sticks."
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,WIFE'S FAVE,"THIS CIGAR IS A 10 FOR ME, AND IT IS THE WIFE'S FAVORITE. I CAN'T AFFORD PADRON ANNIVERSARIOS EVERY DAY, SO THIS CAO IS THE ANSWER. THEY ARE CONSISTENT. THEY NEVER LET ME DOWN. THERE AREN'T MANY THINGS IN LIFE YOU CAN SAY THAT ABOUT."
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"Still a novice but have truly loved these cigars. They have a good draw, a great flavor and burn evenly."
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,Can Madura toro,"Great cigar, tightly packed and smoked well"
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,CAO's L'Anniversaire Maduro is the TOP DOG !,This is my favorite CAO ! I have smoked them for years since getting one as a sample at a cigar fest in Atlantic City. My friend and I received one each from the CAO booth and I was hooked. Wonderful flavor. All of my cigar smoking friends like it too. Perfect size and shape !
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,CAO's Maduro is my Top Dog,This is my favorite CAO ! I have smoked them for years since getting one as a sample at a cigar fest in Atlantic City. My friend and I received one each from the CAO booth and I was hooked. Wonderful flavor. All of my cigar smoking friends like it too. Perfect size and shape !
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"Great flavor, good draw. Great smoke from start to finish. Bought a box."
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Cigar Smooth Smoke.,"I enjoy this cigar. They're smooth, smoke well and keeps its ash in tack. Was in the store over the Mothers days weekend. Met Joe and John very helpful and informative."
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,5 out of 5,nice taste,smooth taste and even burn
CAO L'Anniversaire Maduro,4 out of 5,Good cigar at a great price,Very nice flavor.
CAO Mx2,5 out of 5,Real Nice,They were Everything expected!
CAO Mx2,5 out of 5,Cigars come at a great,Cigars come at a great price
CAO Mx2,5 out of 5,One of my favorites,"CAO is makes some of my favorite cigars and the MX-2 is near the top of that list. I don’t smoke a lot of cigars, generally only while golfing and the MX2 is a great smoke that stays lit and finishes smooth and tasty."
CAO Mx2,5 out of 5,Best Maduro,The MX2 is hands down my favorite! The smooth full flavor can’t be beat!
CAO Mx2,4 out of 5,Perfect for Maduro Lovers,"If Maduro is your thing, these little ones are a nice quick smoke"
CAO Mx2,5 out of 5,Top maduro.,"One of the best maduros ever made.CAO Mx2 and Camacho Triple Maduros are my favorite maduros.These burn very slow and even with great aroma and thick smoke,these are beautifully constructed,heavy in hand,and just plain old fun!"
CAO Mx2,5 out of 5,Awesome smoke!,Awesome smoke!
CAO Mx2,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great cigar. Big on flavor from the start. Smooth draw and flawless burn. Becoming one of my go to’s.
CAO Mx2,5 out of 5,Excellent,Big flavor in a little cigar
CAO Mx2,5 out of 5,Classic Maduro,We joke and call these candy bars they are amazing sticks
CAO Mx2,5 out of 5,YUMMMMY!,WOW! The smoke production from this cigar is GREAT!!! The flavor is pretty good too!!
CAO Mx2,4 out of 5,pretty good,Bold and smooth
CAO Mx2,5 out of 5,Still my favorite smoke,After 10+ years it's still my favorite.
CAO Mx2,5 out of 5,My favorite,My favorite
CAO Mx2,5 out of 5,CAO MX2 Daggers,Fantastic winter smoke. Just the right length for the frozen tundra of northern Illinois.
CAO Mx2,5 out of 5,My go to,"I love the MX-2, full rich flavor"
CAO Mx2,4 out of 5,Cao Mx2,"Good smoke, nice flavor, burned very well"
CAO Mx2,5 out of 5,Great CAO,What can you say always a good smoke. It’s a go 2 cigar that won’t let you down. We said it about 3 to 4 times “what a great cigar” while enjoying it. If you say that at least once your on the right track.
CAO Mx2,5 out of 5,Smooth,One of my favorites. Never been disappointed with these.
CAO Mx2,5 out of 5,Like smoking smoky Coffee,"Great aroma, coffee like taste. Great in the am with coffee to pair. Lots of blue smoke the entire way. Unwrapped a bit at the cut but saved it from peeling with saliva and turning while smoking. No sudden falls of ash. After long period in my humidor the oils blended to a nice white ash with the white specks showing in the ash. Love it."
CAO Mx2,5 out of 5,CAO,Got them as a gift for my brothers b-day and he really enjoyed them!
CAO Mx2,5 out of 5,Great Litte Maduro,These little smokes are a great ~45 min cigar at a reasonable price point.
CAO Mx2,1 out of 5,Do no buy this,Not as good as advertised!!! And also the wrap could be better
CAO Mx2,5 out of 5,You won't be dissappointed,will definitely keep on my short list. Great smoke for the value!
CAO Mx2,5 out of 5,Awesome Stick,"Hands down, one of my favorite smokes. Deep flavors, nice draw, and in my opinion the robusto is the perfect size to enjoy."
CAO Mx2,3 out of 5,Toro,The cigars went over fine did hubbysbday but left with no choice but toro because Gordos were out of stock. He was bummed but they did the job.
CAO Mx2,5 out of 5,Good Value!,Good Value!
CAO Mx2,5 out of 5,Astounding,Great smoke!
CAO Mx2,5 out of 5,MX2 Daggers,Outstanding price and taste for the little beauties
CAO Mx2,5 out of 5,CAO MX2 Tasty Treat,"Fantastic smoke, full body with rich flavor throughout the stick."
CAO Mx2,5 out of 5,A Serious Dandy,"I'm sort of a CAO fan. Have tried most of their offerings, and always have a bunch of Italias, Brazilias, and Blacks in my humidors. Fan of the 660 Flathead also.
And I will tell you, without hesitation, the MX2 is my favorite. I find it a stunningly good cigar, despite its lack of acclaim.
For my palate, it hits all the right notes. It's what a cigar should taste like, smell like, feel like.
Out of a box, I may get one or two to burn unevenly. But given the rest of what this stogie provides(especially at this modest price point), I give it five stars without flinching."
CAO Mx2,4 out of 5,Great little not so short smoke,Bought these for when I wanted a short smoke but didn't want to sacrifice flavor. Pretty close to the taste of the full size but they last quite a bit longer than I expected. Will likely buy the bigger pack next time.
CAO Mx2,4 out of 5,Nice offering from CAO,Nice size and typically a very nice Cigar. Some from time to time burn weird.
CAO Mx2,5 out of 5,Worth a try! - Robusto 5x52,These have quickly become one of my favorite cigars. Rich flavor with good smoke and an even burn. I've seen some complaints about them burning unevenly but I always age new cigars in my humidor for a couple weeks. Have a little patience and you won't be disappointed.
CAO Mx2,3 out of 5,"Great, but tempormental smoke","I love these cigars. Smooth draw, consistant flavor with suttle hints of spice throughout. All in all an excellent 4.5 star cigar... except, as with most CAO cigars I've smoked, these babies like more humidity than all other cigars in my humidor, causing them to unwrap if I dont give them their own 75% and up resting area (humidor). Once highly humidified, they smoke great. As long as you have an extra, high humidity humidor set aside."
CAO Mx2,4 out of 5,Good,Excellent while waiting for a plane
CAO Mx2,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,These have become my favorite cigar. Just perfect for a summer evening outside with a glass of Armagnac.
CAO Mx2,4 out of 5,MX2 DAGGER,"The CAO MX2 is probably my favorite cigar and never disappoints. Double Maduro, medium to full body, with the emphasis on full. Good rich flavor with a hint of spice. The Dagger is the perfect size when you need a smoke but don't have an hour and a half to spare. This little cigar is a great 15 minute smoke has a every bit of flavor it's bigger brothers have. If you like a good quick smoke and you like full body Maduro's this cigar will do the trick."
CAO Mx2,5 out of 5,Smooth,"Good burn, even and nice pull."
CAO Mx2,5 out of 5,CAO MX2,"These are excellent full bodied smokes. The are smooth, flavorful and burn evenly. I recommend these if you want to enjoy a good cigar."
CAO Mx2,2 out of 5,"High hopes, disappointed.","Had high hopes for the dbl wrapper. Slightly tight draw, harsh taste and aroma for the first half of each stick. Draw and aroma mellowed out to a better experience in 2nd half. This pattern repeated for all 5 samples. Removing from my wish list."
CAO Mx2,5 out of 5,What a buy !,"Love, Love, Love these Mx2's. One of my favorite cigars. Dark and smooth."
CAO Mx2,5 out of 5,Seriously Worth A Try,"The Mx2 is another gem I discovered as part of a sampler package. The kind where you find yourself smoking one and say to yourself, ""wow, this is a really tasty cigar! Best stick in the whole sampler! Wonder why I never heard of 'em!""
Rich flavor, well constructed, and easily the peer of cigars costing much more."
CAO Mx2,5 out of 5,Smooth and enjoyable for someone who normally prefers a mild to medium cigar,Even though I typically smoke mild to medium bodied cigars these delivered as advertised on the spicy flavor profile and as usual CAO has put out yet another high quality smoke. They are a more full bodied cigar and I say full bodied because yes they are a stronger smoke than I normally choose but they also have a full flavor that melds together nicely which produced an enjoyable even smoke. So if you've ever thought about trying a cigar on the stronger end these would be a nice choice.
CAO Mx2,5 out of 5,A great smoke!,A great smoke!
CAO Mx2,5 out of 5,CAO MX2,Rich full flavor. Consistent burn
CAO Mx2,5 out of 5,A Great smoke,Full of favor
CAO Mx2,3 out of 5,Hard draw,Hard draw
CAO Mx2,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar. These have a,Excellent cigar. These have a smooth flavorful taste and easy draw. One of the best I have enjoyed.
CAO Mx2,5 out of 5,Cool,The CAO Mx2 Toro is pretty cool.
CAO Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great smoke,nice flavor. even burn. very enjoyable smoke
CAO Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Worth the price,"Bought a box of these through make me an offer. I'm a big fan of the other CAO country lines and these did not disappoint. Have a nice peppery aftertaste, solid burn and construction. Would buy again but not at retail price"
CAO Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Very good smoke.,Very smooth and long smoke. Not too strong.
CAO Nicaragua,5 out of 5,A wrapped up pepper.,"I tend to like spicy cigars later in the evenings and CAO Nicaragua fits the bill perfectly with one caveat; the cigar is so good I want to smoke them morning, noon, and night. If you like spicy full bodied atomic flavor bombs then CAO has got you covered."
CAO Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Very good my buddies loved,Very good my buddies loved them
CAO Nicaragua,5 out of 5,"Mighty good, mighty good","Just like all the other CAOs I've had: ridiculously tasty, packs a mean punch, quality construction, great draw and consistent excellence. I'm glad they added this to their line."
CAO Nicaragua,3 out of 5,CAO Nicaragua Granada,"Good flavor, good burn. I enjoy this cigar but this batch so far have all had a really tight roll."
CAO Nicaragua,5 out of 5,The cigars was great,The cigars was great
CAO Nicaragua,4 out of 5,pretty decent smoke,pretty decent smoke
CAO Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great,Recommended!
CAO Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Whats that taste?,"Well constructed, Almost perfect draw. Perfect burn. Then there is the taste. Has a lingering...tobacco-spice-woody-earthy flavor. Maybe a hint of leather. Overall a tasty smoke. I would buy again."
CAO Nicaragua,4 out of 5,CAO Nicaraguan,Definitely a full-bodied cigar not for the beginner well-constructed great taste I would definitely buy him again
CAO Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Still Testing,Nicely packed. Even burn. I had to try one right away. The rest are resting in the humidor. Reminded me of a cross between a Columbia and a Brasilia. I am a fan of the CAO offerings for medium to fill cigars. I look forward to CI offering a country sampler.
CAO Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Winner winner.,"CAO fan here. Faves are the flathead 660, MX2, Brazilia, Italia, and Black. Have enjoyed two Nicaraguas so far, and this beauty may have leapfrogged the wonderful pack.
Tasted great, burned great, looked great. Nothing to nitpick about."
CAO Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Classic CAO quality,"Quality aside the cigar itself is a solid smoke good flavor from beginning to end. Not too strong, more like medium to medium-full."
CAO Nicaragua,4 out of 5,nice,Smoother then expected with plenty of flavor.
CAO Nicaragua,5 out of 5,The best,Every Christmas season I buy a bundle of 90+ rated cigars for family get together’s. This year the CAO Granada is totally satisfiing all of us😃🎁
CAO Nicaragua,5 out of 5,"Great smoke , start to","Great smoke , start to finish"
CAO Nicaragua,3 out of 5,Too Hot,"Burns good,draws good but too Peppery."
CAO Nicaragua,4 out of 5,savage swede,Very good smoke
CAO Nicaragua,3 out of 5,First one I smoked was,"First one I smoked was OK, second one had such a tough draw I couldn't finish it."
CAO Nicaragua,5 out of 5,top notch,very enjoyable
CAO Nicaragua,5 out of 5,CAO,This is a great cigar. Wonderful taste and good construction.
CAO Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Cao Nicaragua,"Very good cigar, from start to finish!"
CAO Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Very good,Very good smoke and tasty hit the spot by they came very dryed out
CAO Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Amazing Cigar,I have always been a fan of CAO cigars but this is now my favorite. A great smoke from start to finish.
CAO Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Very good,This was an excellent new blend from CAO. I will definitely buy these again.
CAO Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Alan from Virginia,"Great smooth medium full cigar
Another winner from CAO and Nicaragua"
CAO Nicaragua,4 out of 5,a really good full flavored,a really good full flavored stick
CAO Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar,"Another excellent cigar from CAO! Great construction,Great Burn,Great Price!"
CAO Nicaragua,4 out of 5,CAO Nicaragua,Very goood👍🏾👍🏾👍🏾
CAO Nicaragua,5 out of 5,CAO Nic,Great stick!
CAO Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Not so good but ok,Not so good but ok for the price.
CAO Nicaragua,3 out of 5,Not bad,More of a practical angle from the cigar company that I thought was watching to many episodes of Kounting Kars.nice cigar.
CAO Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Best CAO cigar yet!,Best CAO cigar yet!
CAO Nicaragua,3 out of 5,CAO Nica,Good flavors and aromas; poor construction and too tightly rolled
CAO Nicaragua,5 out of 5,CAO Nicaragua,"Impressive as always! I don’t know that I’ve ever had a bad CAO cigar. I’m partial to mostly Maduro textured cigars, but every once in a while I like one that is slightly lighter in taste, and this one fit the bill."
CAO Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Loved it!,I’ve smoked two from the five pack and have been very satisfied with these smokes. Mild and easy to smoke and looking forward to enjoying the rest. Will definitely get more.
CAO Nicaragua,5 out of 5,"It’s a great stick, robust","It’s a great stick, robust flavors, great draw. One of my Favorites from the CAO line! Highly recommend!!"
CAO Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Excellent,Strong. Compared to AVO Nicaraguan. Quality no. This is cheap. We all know about cheap cigars. Hard roles. Bad draws. But when it’s good... oh baby.
CAO Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Love this cigar. Wish it came in a fatter ring size.
CAO Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Another gem from CAO,"CAO just keeps coming out with these great cigars. Draw, taste and burn were fantastic. Can't wait to see what their next release is."
CAO Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Love these!,"These are my new favorite. I normally smoke-LFD chapter 1, oliva v melanio, My Father The Judge, My Father Antillas maduro, cao brazilia etc. These CAO Nicaraguas are On Point! Specially for the price. Always great experience ordering from CI 👍"
CAO Orellana,5 out of 5,Another great Amazon!,Kudos to CAO for another great stick in the Amazon line! Definitely more similar to the original Amazon Basin than the Fuma or Anaconda...but again an amazing smoke with a unique flavor! Must have!
CAO Orellana,5 out of 5,CAO Orellano; Don’t Sleep On It!,"CAO does it again! Absolutely fabulous cigar. The cigar has an amazing look, burns evenly, nice tight construction, first pull gives a light earthy taste with a slight hint of sweetness, medium to full bodied cigar, the smoke that feels the air is light and smells fabulous. Similar to CAO Brazilia but not as heavy. THIS IS A MUST HAVE IN YOUR HUMIDOR."
CAO Pilon,5 out of 5,Great quality,Very good cigar. Far most my the best i've smoked.
CAO Pilon,5 out of 5,Super fresh,Super fresh
CAO Pilon,3 out of 5,First one I tried cracked,First one I tried cracked pretty much as soon as I started. Second one was better but had a hard draw. Hoping more time in the humidor will help.
CAO Pilon,5 out of 5,GREAT DEAL GREAT CIGAR,A fine cigar for the price.
CAO Pilon,3 out of 5,What a friend needs,"Sometimes you just meet a friend you didn't know you needed. Tried these on a whim, now they made it to my fav list. Easy, rich, and packing a punch. Long lasting burn, great value."
CAO Pilon,5 out of 5,I really enjoyed this one,"I decided to try these on a whim because I like some of CAO’s stuff. I’m always looking to try new things as I encourage all cigars smokers to do. I’m really glad I ordered them and will order them again. Give it try, I think you’ll be impressed with this blend!"
CAO Pilon,4 out of 5,Good stick.,Good smoke. Good flavor. Bought smaller size so that I could have a quality smaller and quicker smoke when needed. I’ve had a few larger ones at my local shop.
CAO Pilon,5 out of 5,Chilon with a Pilon,Enjoyed every bit of it. Nice.
CAO Pilon,5 out of 5,Cao,Never had a. So I didn't like. Great price great cigar
CAO Pilon,5 out of 5,Good smoke,"Enjoying this cigar, I think I like this one better then the Brazila"
CAO Pilon,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good medium smooth smoke
CAO Pilon,3 out of 5,Inconsistent Construction,"Love the taste, but too many were rolled tight (cut in half for easier draw) or dry. Hand rolled cigars are hard to get good consistency. I could cut and paste this same review on the Liga #9...even Opus X. The sticks that are good are really good."
CAO Pilon,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
CAO Pilon,5 out of 5,Nice stick,I enjoy this stick when im looking for a 30-40 minutes smoke
CAO Pilon,4 out of 5,Great smoke wish they were,Great smoke wish they were a little larger !
CAO Pilon,4 out of 5,Cao pilon robusto,Love the robusto in the morning!
CAO Pilon,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
CAO Pilon,3 out of 5,CAO Pilon Toro,"This is very good medium bodied stick which I have smoked before but in the torpedo shape. I had no problems with the burn and draw of the torpedos, however, with the toros I experienced very poor draw in approximately half of the sticks in the box. Very disappointed in the toros I received!"
CAO Pilon,5 out of 5,These will be a staple in my humidor!!!!,"I enjoy cigars, I mean they just put a smile on my face. I can't always find all of the tastes I read about on some of these reviews, but I know what I like. So I'm going to barrow a few words from Jeff K's (Staff Review) because it rings true with me:
""when I’m looking for a cigar to unwind with after a long day, I don’t want something flashy. I want something simple and elegant. Enter CAO Pilon, a cigar that’s been one of my post-work go-tos. For my money, it’s unbeatable. The cigar grows in strength as you burn it, and by the end, it certainly has a bit more kick, without being overwhelming. This is a perfect companion to a glass of rum after a great dinner. The balance of this cigar makes me confident recommending it to anyone, and as of now, I’m making sure I always have a few of these on hand.""
The only change for me is a glass of bourbon on ice. Well said Jeff K, and these are definitely a 5 star for me."
CAO Pilon,2 out of 5,"Dry Cigar, Dry Box","I felt there was a problem when the box fell apart after removing the clear wrapper. 1st cigar split when I lit it, 2nd cigar was cracked inside the wrapper. Will not purchase these again. Have requested an RMA."
CAO Pilon,5 out of 5,Wndrfl,Wndrfl
CAO Pilon,5 out of 5,Oh yeah!,And a brandy sniffter full!!!
CAO Pilon,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,Was introduced to the Pilon by a friend. Excellent smoke. Light to Med bodied. Great flavors and a smooth smoke.
CAO Pilon,5 out of 5,A nice full body puff.,"Great size, price and quality smoke"
CAO Pilon,5 out of 5,CAO Pilon,A very nice medium cigar with lots of flavor. Great value.
CAO Pilon,3 out of 5,Not Bad but Not Great,"This cigar has good flavor and is full bodied. It is a good cigar for smoking while mowing the lawn but, so far, 40% or more have been un-smokable because they are plugged...what a shame"
CAO Pilon,5 out of 5,Good cool smoke with an,Good cool smoke with an even burn. Plan on buying again.
CAO Pilon,5 out of 5,CAO PILON,Loved this cigar! Great price too.
CAO Pilon,5 out of 5,I give 5 stars,It taste like heaven
CAO Pilon,5 out of 5,CAO pilon,One of my favorites. Easy smoke. Great taste
CAO Pilon,5 out of 5,Awesome smoke!,My favorite all day every day cigar.
CAO Pilon,4 out of 5,Not Bad At All.,Not bad. Medium-Full per my taste. Occasionally goes on sale so grab them then.
CAO Pilon,3 out of 5,Pilon not a easy draw cigar.,"There is no such thing as a bad cigar. These are the PERSONAL OPINIONS OF A 50+ yr Cigar Smoker. The first cigar out of the box as a challenge. The draw was so tight it crossed my eyes and I had to slap myself on the side of my head to see straight again. Lesson learned was to use my draw opener tool. After that, the smoke was good. I keep humidity at 72%+_. Ash was 2 to 3 inch and smoked cool and taste is as described (good). Got an hour or so out of the cigars. But I would think twice about reordering."
CAO Pilon,5 out of 5,One of my top favorites.,"Let's just start by saying ... this cigar is ""pretty"". The Habano wrapper is slick, smooth, and has a slight sheen to it that makes for a good looking cigar. They are rolled firmly, and the draw is exactly the way I like it. They feel good in hand, and the band itself is useful beyond just decoration - just read it!. I've experienced a great, even burn, nice speckled ash, and don't have to babysit them to keep them stoked up. The first taste I find is spice, coupled with leather and some coffee. They grow in flavor as they burn, hitting the peak at about a third of the way down. Great tastes, but not at all excessive or overpowering. Seems every one of these I burn gets 'nubbed'. I've had better smokes ... but not a lot of them. CAO has hit the target with the Pilon."
CAO Pilon,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
CAO Pilon,5 out of 5,Smooth amazing taste all the,Smooth amazing taste all the way to the nub.
CAO Pilon,2 out of 5,Not a good buy,"This cigar was a less than average smoke. 1. The draw was too firm. On several cigars I had to use a tool similar to ""PerfecDraw"" to create a decent draw. Too much work for a relaxing smoke. 2. Most of the cigars had an uneven burn. The difference between sides was at least an inch. 3. The flavor was harsh as if the tobacco was not aged properly."
CAO Pilon,3 out of 5,Not a consistent smoke,I like the flavor but most often they were hard to draw on.
CAO Pilon,5 out of 5,CAO Hits the Mark Again,"I must admit i am a CAO fan, but the Pilon has found a permanent place in my humidor. It is a great easy smoke and is a go to for me on any day."
CAO Pilon,5 out of 5,Good Job !,👍🏾
CAO Pilon,5 out of 5,Another,Well constructed stick with a feel of sofistication that translates into the flavor. Balanced nutty flavor with a hint of cedar.
CAO Pilon,4 out of 5,Nice cigar,Good flavors on this pilon nice burn really enjoying this one
CAO Pilon,5 out of 5,unique flavor,This cigar is a great contrast for CAO. I mostly smoke the Brazilias and other full body cigars. This cigar ads a little different taste to my variety. Still full bodied but with a little sweeter burn/taste. Overall one of my new favorite cigars.
CAO Pilon,5 out of 5,Viva Pilon!,Distinctively delicious.
CAO Pilon,5 out of 5,Good smoke for the price,Good smoke for the price
CAO Pilon,5 out of 5,Love this Robusto,"This is by far one of my go to favorites. Taste great smokes phenomenal and yes you might burn the fingers, they’re that good."
CAO Pilon,5 out of 5,Nice surprise!,"After I got into this one, I wondered if the Pilon was adopted and not blood relation to the CAO clan. Lots of flavor, a joy to smoke all the way to the end. Seriously.... I was burning my fingers."
CAO Pilon,5 out of 5,Pilón Robusto is one of my go to sticks,"I'm about as big a CAO fan as most of us are I presume. I was offered these little gems as a 5pk. add on for $15 to one of my orders. As soon as I received my order, one of the first sticks I lit was the Pilón. WOW what a flavorful cigar! It has plenty of body and the flavor characteristics are great from beginning to end. I actually smoke these down as far as I can. Needless to say these are now regulars in my orders. Great job by CAO!0"
CAO Pilon,3 out of 5,CAO Pilon,"I purchased 3 sizes. The corona was too small (ring-size) and burned too hot thus affecting the flavor in a bad way. The robusto burned well and had a decent flavor, but too short. The toro was had a good flavor, but the draw was too firm. Three of the five were so tight that I could not enjoy the smoke. A better size would be 6X50."
CAO Pilon,5 out of 5,Friend,"Recommended by a friend, good choice."
Carrington,4 out of 5,Mellow smoke,Really am enjoying this smoke. Perfect for the person that just wants a nice smooth cigars to set and relax with. Will definitely buy again.
Carrington,3 out of 5,Not overly impressed. Nothing stands,Not overly impressed. Nothing stands out about them.
Carrington,4 out of 5,Great bang for the buck!,nice sized mild smoke. Good burn too
Carrington,4 out of 5,Nice mild smoke. Easy draw.,Nice mild smoke. Easy draw. Great smoke for just a few bucks. Most cigars are 10 bucks . This cigar was so much less. Thank you.
Carrington,3 out of 5,3.5 star,"Mild, slightly tight draw. Burn is slow even. Good smoke for a relaxing night."
Carrington,4 out of 5,Carrington Churchill review,"The construction was above-average, but started unrolling about three-quarters of the way down. Other than that, the draw was excellent. The burn was even throughout. I thought it had a excellent creamy smooth taste. Besides the unrolling at the end, I thought it was an excellent cigar."
Carrington,5 out of 5,Smooth,"A great first morning cigar. Smooth, balanced, and no bite."
Casa Cuevas Habano,5 out of 5,One of the best I've,One of the best I've smoked
Casa Cuevas Habano,4 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent in every category. Construction burn and especially flavor worthy of a full box to age in the humidor
Casa Cuevas Habano,5 out of 5,Casa cuevas,I ordered the pack of 5 Connecticut (blue band) to try it out and it did not disappoint! I smoked 3 of them and all were great. I also let two of my buddys smoke the other two to see what they thought and they were also impressed with them. Reasonable price for a great cigar! Would buy again. Casa Cuevas will have a place in my humidor.
Casa Cuevas Habano,5 out of 5,A True Premium Cigar,"Very well constructed with a nice draw and even burn from start to the nub. Great flavor down to it's peppery finish. As with the Connecticut and Maduro, the Habano does not disappoint. Not only a great stick, very reasonably priced. Casa Cuevas will always be ""In The Mix""."
Casa Cuevas Maduro,4 out of 5,Good flavor and smell .,Good flavor and smell .
Casa Cuevas Maduro,5 out of 5,Amazing Cigar,A every day cigar that won’t let you down.
Casa de Garcia,4 out of 5,Casa dr Toro,"Mild, good for occasional smoke"
Casa de Garcia,5 out of 5,Great daily smoke,These very affordable cigars are perfect for a daily evening walk.
Casa de Garcia,5 out of 5,Great smoke.,Great smoke.
Casa de Garcia,4 out of 5,Good every day smoke,I usually smoke these while tinkering in the garage or mowing the yard. A solid every day smoke that wont break the bank.
Casa de Garcia,5 out of 5,Casa de Garcia,Great cigar for the price
Casa de Garcia,4 out of 5,My every day stick,"Great smoke for the money. Some issues this time, with construction. A few have been too tight to smoke, but, all in all, a great taste and easy burn most times."
Casa de Garcia,5 out of 5,Best intersection of price and,Best intersection of price and quality for an everyday smoke.
Casa de Garcia,5 out of 5,Good Value,I think it is a very good every day smoke fore the price.
Casa de Garcia,4 out of 5,Dont think there's anything better,Dont think there's anything better for the price.
Casa de Garcia,4 out of 5,Good every day smoke,"Good construction, mild flavor, good price. Will buy again."
Casa de Garcia,4 out of 5,Casa de Garcia Toro,Plane and simple ! A GREAT yard cigar
Casa de Garcia,5 out of 5,Easy draw. Great taste,Easy draw. Great taste
Casa de Garcia,4 out of 5,Very tasted,Very mild and just the right size
Casa de Garcia,5 out of 5,How To Relax,"Nice mild, mellow cigar, easy on the draw, smooth burning"
Casa de Garcia,4 out of 5,"They are good, but I am trying to quit",good cigar for the price.
Casa de Garcia,5 out of 5,Very good value,"Good smoke for the money,. Been buying this brand though not this particular stick for a while now and never been disappointed. Always an even burn, rarely any raveling and very pleasant taste and aroma. Highly recommend as an every day smoke."
Casa de Garcia,4 out of 5,Casa de Garcia Robusto Maduro,"Tough on the drawl at first but smooth, thick draw throw out. Got hits of dark chocolate, oak and coffee notes. Great construction and good burn. Amazing cigar for the awesome price. I will definitely keep my humidor stocked with the Maduro cigars for just every day smoke."
Casa de Garcia,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Very good cigar.
Casa de Garcia,5 out of 5,A Great Burn,This is a great mild smoking cigar! I have been smoking the Corona version but switched to the Churchill - at first because the Corona was back-ordered but have since stuck with the Churchills because they provide the same mild smoke and last just a little longer. A Great bargain for a great cigar.
Casa de Garcia,4 out of 5,"“A Great, Every Day Smoke!”","My “special” cigar was a ring that costs much more than I am looking to spend on my every day smokes. The tobacconist I patronized said he had a ring he thought I’d enjoy, as he knew the length, ring size & wrapper I enjoyed. He gave me one of these C de G’s & I was blown away! A mild, yet flavorful smoke in a CT wrapper, at an affordable every day price that can’t be beat! My only reason for a 4 star & not a 5 star rating is that some of them have an extremely hard draw. But, as I order regularly in bundles of 20 from CI, these get set aside to enjoy when I have a longer time to leisurely smoke them. I’ve been savoring these cigars for over 4 years now & highly recommend them to my fellow officianados!"
Casa de Garcia,5 out of 5,Nicely rolled good smoke at,Nicely rolled good smoke at a great price if you aren't a cigar snob
Casa de Garcia,5 out of 5,The Best,Great flavor
Casa de Garcia,5 out of 5,"Outstanding buy, good flavor, great","Outstanding buy, good flavor, great price. Very enjoyable everyday smoke"
Casa de Garcia,4 out of 5,Like the torpedo shape,Like the torpedo shape
Casa de Garcia,5 out of 5,burn is excellent,good cigar and the burn is excellent i can put it down for 5 minutes and it stays lit
Casa de Garcia,5 out of 5,"Mild, smooth, consistent","I was greatly pleased to find Casa Garcia Toro Connecticut here. It had become my cigar of choice before I found CI and now CI will be my prime source for this great cigar. It is a mild, smooth, easy burn and I will continue to order this from CI."
Casa de Garcia,4 out of 5,Great everyday smoke!,Great everyday smoke!
Casa de Garcia,5 out of 5,Good smoke,"Rarely does one burn bad, it happens but not often. Good taste for buck a sticks"
Casa de Garcia,5 out of 5,Great mild cigar,I ordered the belicoso Sumatra. Great cigar even burn. Very mild in the beginning. My new favorite cigar!
Casa de Garcia,4 out of 5,"Nice draw and mellow, satisfying","Nice draw and mellow, satisfying flavor."
Casa de Garcia,5 out of 5,Great bargain!,If you like laGloria or Diesel cigars this is a great everyday alternative. Great smoke at any price try a pack you wont be sorry.
Casa de Garcia,4 out of 5,All the cigars were excellent except one,All the cigars were excellent except one. Overall a great deal.
Casa de Garcia,5 out of 5,"Um...ya, this is an impressive smoke.","How do you give a buck-fifty cigar a top flight rating? You just do. I've never been one to take into account the cost of a cigar when reviewing it. Sure, it's not as tight as a Sancho Panza Double Maduro box-pressed. So what. Few cigars can match that stick for under $10 bucks. In the pure enjoyment of a great cigar to smoke category, these Casa de Garcia's do They have a classic cigar hand-rolled look, taste and burn. One of the first things I do when trying out a new cigar is open one up and consider the leaf. My impression from the aroma and composition of the leaf in the 2 bundles I've received (my first go with these) is that they are of a very high quality. On par in fact with far more expensive smokes. Does it rate a 90. No, but then again maybe. It's darn close. I've smoked 90's not this good and smoked cigar's of the year not this enjoyable."
Casa de Garcia,4 out of 5,CASA DE GARCIA,"Excellent aromatic flovor, very slow burn."
Casa de Garcia,5 out of 5,Amazing! Great smoke for the,Amazing! Great smoke for the buck! Montecristo can't go wrong
Casa de Garcia,5 out of 5,Great!!!,"Great cigar! Have purchased these little guys many times previously, and have been happy each time."
Casa de Garcia,5 out of 5,Casa De Garcia,Great every day cigar. Smooth taste and easy on the wallet.
Casa de Garcia,5 out of 5,Casa de Garcia Robusto Sumatra,Berst buy for my money
Casa de Garcia,3 out of 5,Good every day cigar,Not great but good the smooth sumatran has very even flavor note of the everymans cigar. Earthy and silky it gives great flavor throughout. This is outshined by a butal wrapper job and inconsistent draw. This while tasty was the one that would canoe regularly.
Casa de Garcia,4 out of 5,Good cigar for the price,Good cigar for the price
Casa de Garcia,3 out of 5,smooth taste but fast burning,I tried this brand and I found it quite smooth but it burned quickly for my taste
Casa de Garcia,5 out of 5,Casa de Garica,It’s a good tasting cigar for the price.
Casa de Garcia,4 out of 5,Good Value,"Some of the Casa de Garcia Maduro's are rolled too tight. and the draw is difficult. Usually at least one in ten. But the price is great The rest are fine. A good cigar to smoke when doing yard work, golfing, or taking a long walk."
Casa de Garcia,4 out of 5,"Very nice smoke so don""t","Very nice smoke so don""t raise the price"
Casa de Garcia,5 out of 5,perfect,perfect
Casa de Garcia,3 out of 5,Casa de Garcia Toro Connecticut,OK for the price.
Casa de Garcia,3 out of 5,OK,"A CHEAP FILLER CIGAR, A COUPLE WENT BAD, .., IT HAPPENS
,I'M NOT MAD..JUST THOUGHT YOU SHOULD KNOW."
Casa de Garcia,4 out of 5,Casa Dr Garcia Maduros - good smoke,"Good smoke for the price. Some were wrapped a bit too tight but no worries.. just pinch tool the stick between your fingers and that loosens up the tobacco leaves which improves the draw. Taste is good. No nausea. Well made and even burn, no canoeing."
Casa de Garcia,5 out of 5,Mild easy smoke,great mild cigar that is priced right
Casa de Garcia,5 out of 5,Casa de Garcia,Excellent cigar for the cost. burned great (no canoeing).
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Smooth and very mellow. A great cigar for the beginner. Great value too!! 😁
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,4 out of 5,They are a good every,They are a good every day cigar.
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Los mejores para mi,Los mejores para mi
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Good Smoke,"Good smoke with good price per ""stick"""
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great cigar at a great,Great cigar at a great price
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Casa Garcia Nicaragua Robusto,the cigar is the best value for it's price as a everyday cigar. been smoking them for 5 years and i have no complaints.
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Good Cigar on the cheap,"Great cigar for kicking around the yard or the golf course, one of the better cheap cigars at CI in my opinion. Been buying this brand now for seveal months and have never gotten a throw away. Hard to top for the money."
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Casa de Garcia,I have loved these cigars ever since they were made available.
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,3 out of 5,Great smoke,"For the price this is a great smoke, burns even, nice smoke and ash. I would put it next to some costing twice as much. The Guys at CI are tremendous to work with. Have bought these a couple of times and will again."
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Great easy smoke,"Bought these to share at social events, everyone novice to really enjoyed these!"
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,4 out of 5,not bad for $$,its a discount smoke but pretty robust burns good
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,3 out of 5,"Medium body, great looks","Tried 1 stick while golfing 3 days after receiving 20 pack. Cigar is well constructed and looks great (nice medium dark brown). Ok taste, nothing complex. Definitely not full body though. Maybe medium. Draw is on the tough side. My main issue however is the burn. Kept having to relight throughout the golf round. May need to put in my humidor to see if they improve. Overall not a bad stick for the price."
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Pleasantly surprised,"Bought a 20 count bundle of these to try as a daily. Didn’t expect much for the price, but i was hoping that it would be a nice smoke since it was Nicaraguan. I wasn’t disappointed. This is a great smoke if you wanna go inexpensive. I’d recommend you try a couple before judging."
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,3 out of 5,Casa de Garcia,I found these cigars an acceptable fill in for in between the pleasure of relaxing with a better cigar. they smoked well and burned an even ash.
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,5 out of 5,You get what you pay for,"Not a premium cigar, but a great work time stick for the money. slightly tight and does not burn even, but has a nice leathery/cedar taste. This stick is worth the price. A very good everyday budget smoke."
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,3 out of 5,Not bad. Not great. Worth the price.,"So. This isn't a terrible stick. It certainly is NOT full-bodied, though. It's a very mild smoke. I have to say, I'm not mad at it for the price. It's a fine BBQ, golf course, lawnmower, tuesday-night-in-the-garage smoke."
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Nice every day smoke great,Nice every day smoke great price. Happy new year .
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,3 out of 5,good tasty. perhaps a little,good tasty. perhaps a little tightly packed but good.
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,3 out of 5,An ok cigar...,An ok cigar...
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Casa de Garcia,Very nice cigar for the money. Cigars International is the best place to buy cigars & I wouldn’t buy anywhere else. 5 stars
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,4 out of 5,A very good every day,A very good every day cigar.
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Very good cigars.,Very good cigars.
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Nicaragua classic,"Good cigar, nice burn, good drag."
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,5 out of 5,For the price...few are better,For the price...few are better
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great cigar for the value.,Great cigar for the value.
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Cigar smokes like a $5.00,Cigar smokes like a $5.00 plus cigar. Great value.
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,5 out of 5,"thenks, I don't smoke ,but","thenks, I don't smoke ,but it is a good gift ...."
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Casa Garcia,"This entire line is great from the Con, Mad, and Sum. The Nic is my favorite. Great flavor, decent strength and a great price. Expect to run into construction and burn issues but at these prices just chuck it and grab another one."
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,3 out of 5,CASA DE GARCIA NICARAGUA,"My first exposure to this brand. Most of bundle smoked well except for 4-5 cigars that just didn't meet my standard. But, overall, a good daily smoke just need better consistency in rolling and packaging."
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,1 out of 5,Cigar Review,"Worst cigar ever to try to smoke, it was wrapped so tightly you would turn blue trying to draw on this stick. And it didn't matter how far back you cut it you just couldn't smoke it. Tried several attempts with different ones and had same results. Ended up throwing them away..."
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,4 out of 5,a good smoke for the price,"a good smoke for the price, very well made and consistent flavor. I've smoked several bundles and I've been very pleased with the cigars."
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Fine Little Cigar,"I purchased these robusto-size cigars by mistake. I really wanted the toro, but stuff happens. This cigar is excellent when you want a quick cigar with great taste and construction. Haven't had a runner or canoe in the lot. Will order these again."
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Banging smoke,"Smoked my fifth of the box today and just like the four before, it was banging! Nice, even smoke with hints of leather and vanilla. Will repurchase!!!"
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Nice anytime,Good everyday cigar that won't break the bank.
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Good cigar for the money.,"A good everyday cigar. They're coming off the tables that produce Monte Cristo and H Uppman, so you know they're going to be good. Good value."
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,3 out of 5,Not bad!,Convenient cigar and well balanced.
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Casa de Garcia Nicaragua - Churchills: Surprisingly good smoke for the money!,"These are inexpensive and CI kept them well humidified, which makes all the difference... Thanks CI!!"
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Great every day smoke. A,Great every day smoke. A must for my humidor.
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Mello,"Great everyday cigar, as I usually smoke about 4 of these a day"
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Happy Camper,They were well constructedan even burn and more flavor than expected. Casa de Garcia Nicaragua didn't disappoint and I'll be ordering more.
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Daily,The perfect daily smoke.
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great cigars for the price.,Great cigars for the price. Been ordering these for years on top of some higher rated cigars. 100% recommend a try.
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Great cigar for it's Price !!!,Nice middle of the road cigar taste. Dang decent quality tobaccos used in it's making. A few might have a somewhat tough draw but not bad enough to be a consistent nuisance. A very good value cigar in it's price range.
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,3 out of 5,Don't drive your tractor while smoking these,A third to half of these had iregular fillers that burned crooked.
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Very smooth and mild smoke,Very smooth and mild smoke . My kind of morning cigar.
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,3 out of 5,They seem to be rolled,They seem to be rolled a little tight
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,3 out of 5,Not bad for the price,Far from some of the better smokes on the market but if your on a budget or low on funds they're not bad.
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great Cigar!,"I definitely have a Nicaraguan preference, though I do like to mix wrappers. This cigar has a steady burn, easy draw and great flavor especially for the money!"
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,5 out of 5,casa de garcia,It was a so-so smoke.......sorta mild....
Casa de Garcia Nicaragua,5 out of 5,casa de garcia nicaraqua,"did not like. Very short even for robusto. Also, did not burn evenly. Will not order again."
Casa Fernandez Aganorsa Leaf,5 out of 5,Flys under the radar and that's good for prices!,I agree with one of the other reviewers that this brand flys under the radar. This is an excellent cigar along with the Miami Reserve & the Miami Reserve Maduro. All 3 get a 5 plus star rating from me. You can buy more expensive cigars but not to many are better.
Casa Fernandez Aganorsa Leaf,4 out of 5,One of my new favorites.,I never write reviews for cigars. Heck this might be my first one I can’t remember. But I have to say this cigar is one of the best medium aromatic smokes I’ve ever had. Just the right amount of sweetness. I burnt them all down to the nub and I only do that with AF Don Carlos cigars. Hope these are still coming in because I plan to buy a box when they are available.
Casa Fernandez Aganorsa Leaf,4 out of 5,Good corojo,"I like corojo cigars and I'm not surprised that I like this one. Burn and draw are excellent and the wrapper is pretty. When I first got them I wasn't impressed. But like many cigars, they need a little humidor time (at least my experience). I agree with their being classified as medium bodied. Very flavorful, spicy on the tongue."
Casa Fernandez Aganorsa Leaf,5 out of 5,Best kept secret,"I tried one of these when I first received them didn't care for it at all, but now after 60 days in the humi its the best cigar I've had this year absolutely fantastic."
Casa Fernandez Aganorsa Leaf,4 out of 5,Not as good as the regular Miami,"Excellent in every respect. Build, smoke, ash....but the taste wasn't as good as the regular Miami. I've had the Flor De Valle which was much better combination. Still a good smoke."
Casa Fernandez Aganorsa Leaf,5 out of 5,Best cigar of the year in my book...,"this is one of the best cigars I have tried this year.. Reminds me of a Perdomo 20th anni. Great draw, great flavor.. Lots of smoke output and very smooth... I don't buy many boxes but this one is box worthy.. The draw is flawless like a padron 40th and the price is just right. Could pay 10-12 a stick for these easy.."
Casa Fernandez Aganorsa Leaf,5 out of 5,Under The Radar,"These Aganorsa Leaf cigars by Casa Fernandez fly under the radar, big time.
That's a good thing for me!"
Casa Fernandez Aganorsa Leaf Maduro,5 out of 5,Phenomenal!,"This cigar is world class with flavor profile that's thick, chewy, & chocolaty. Been smoking these for 4 yrs and still an unbelievable smoke!"
Casa Fernandez Aganorsa Leaf Maduro,5 out of 5,The Best,I love the fact that my cigars are always fresh and they get to my house in 2- days. Love it. Mike I Long Island
Casa Fernandez Aganorsa Leaf Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent Smoke,"This is not for the novice. It is full bodied and full strength, but really good. Great cigar with a good small batch bourbon. Highly recommend it."
Casa Fernandez Aganorsa Leaf Maduro,5 out of 5,"High quality, great taste equals a perfect cigar!","With a large collection of cigars in my humidor which includes many high end and Cubans. This is now in top 10!
Truly excellent quality that treats you with a long even burn, which is expected by high end cigars. The flavor is a meaty smooth. As a med to full body cigar guy. This one easily checks off all needs! Definitely will be buying more as soon as it is back in stock!"
Casa Fernandez Aganorsa Leaf Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar.,"this is one great cigar, it so good I'm lost for words, perfect in every way."
Casa Fernandez Aganorsa Leaf Maduro,5 out of 5,PERFECT IN EVERY WAY.,"This is the best stick I have ever smoked, WOW, last night I smoked three of them, I could not get enough of that great taste, perfect in every way."
Casa Fernandez Aganorsa Leaf Maduro,5 out of 5,GM Lopez Scrap Metal,"excellent cigars,"
Casa Fernandez Aganorsa Leaf Maduro,5 out of 5,Surprised by how much I enjoyed this fine cigar.,"I got one of this brand in the high rated sampler. This cigar is well outside my usual pick. I'm a diehard mild stick puffer. I was very surprised by this cigar. The taste was very strong of chocolate, spice and pepper. What was a surprise to me was that the taste was not harsh or strong at all. Was a very easy draw with lots of white smoke. Decided that I need some of these in my box along side of my MACs."
Casa Fernandez Arsenio Serie Oro,5 out of 5,Epic,"Although I have enjoyed the entire Casa Fernandez line, the ORO is 1 of my top 3. With little to no humidor time, they are excellent. Even on the day the postman or postwoman delivers."
Casa Fernandez Miami,1 out of 5,Bad cigar !,"Way over rated , purchased a box of Toro
Placed in my humidor which l have over
Two thousand cigar as old as ten years old
After three weeks I decided to try one I noticed
All the cigars have split and cracked , called
CI they were very nice about it and they replaced the box
The box the same thing happens to the second box , I would
Never purchase another Casa Fernandez cigar again , way
Over rated and nothing special about this cigar and also they need continuous attention and to be lit, never again .
Mr Fernandez."
Casa Fernandez Miami,4 out of 5,Quality Cigar,medium filler and flawless Connecticut wrapper
Casa Fernandez Miami Reserva,5 out of 5,Cubanesque cigar,"outstanding example of what a cigar should taste like,excellent construction and a good draw The brand is one of my favorites"
Casa Fernandez Miami Reserva,4 out of 5,A good cigar,Not fantastic but a very good cigar. Will buy again when on sale but not at regular price.
Casa Fernandez Miami Reserva,5 out of 5,great,great
Casa Fernandez Miami Reserva,5 out of 5,Mr. Ron,"Perfect, burns great almost full. Just the strength I love length 54 ring X 6inch."
Casa Fernandez Miami Reserva,4 out of 5,CF Miami Toro,"This was a great blend full, chewy smoke with a rich allspice and citrus impact on the palate. The construction was good, but not fantastic. I would recommend this stick as an excellent end of day treat"
Casa Fernandez Miami Reserva,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,Great cigar!
Casa Fernandez Miami Reserva,1 out of 5,Very boring cigar,"Very bland and tasteless cigar. Extremely light draw. Burn was fine and even, held the ash pretty well, but just an extremely boring tasting cigar. Did get a bit peppery at the end, otherwise almost no flavor throughout. Pretty disappointed in these."
Casa Fernandez Miami Reserva,5 out of 5,My All-Time Favorite,"Perfect draw, billowing smoke, oily wrapper, smooth full flavor."
Casa Fernandez Miami Reserva,5 out of 5,Casa Fernandez Miami Reserva,"These are really fine cigars. Bought the box to share with my friends through the holidays and everyone had the same opinion, great smokes!"
Casa Fernandez Miami Reserva Maduro,5 out of 5,A must try!!!,30 years of smoking cigars this rates number 1 with me. For an everyday smoke or for special occasions this one won't disappoint.
Casa Fernandez Miami Reserva Maduro,5 out of 5,This Miami is a Vice I'll vote for,"This is a good one. Fits my palate for flavor & savory indulgence. I smoke my stogies down to the mini-nub and this one lasts about 2 hours. I've had another brand's ""Miami"" and was not impressed. In the Casa Fernandez line that was offered in the CI catalogue, this one intrigued me , , for who knows what reason. No matter. I always look for new discoveries in the hopes of finding a treasure and to my pleasant surprise this one hit the mark. Seems only logical to try some of the other line to find who's #1 in the CF's line-up."
Casa Fernandez Miami Reserva Maduro,5 out of 5,A Game Changer,"Without going as far writing a review, I will say it's a game changer. I read Casa Fernandez is a small batch. Ed Fernandez creates with the intention to produce Quality over Quantity. 1 of the best Maduros I've smoked. Each flavor is distinct. The flavors are consistent. The flavors in this cigar move with a perfect flow and balance. A must try for All."
Casa Magna Colorado,5 out of 5,Been one of my favorites,Been one of my favorites for years!
Casa Magna Colorado,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,one of my favorites!!
Casa Magna Colorado,5 out of 5,Bold and smokes well.,Bold and smokes well. In line with Olvia V
Casa Magna Colorado,5 out of 5,Choice!,"Every once in awhile I will get a tough draw, other than that outstanding taste and smoke."
Casa Magna Colorado,5 out of 5,My go-to cigar,This is my go-to cigar. Excellent draw and taste. My humidor will never be lacking this cigar.
Casa Magna Colorado,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"Very smooth and flavorful. I truly enjoyed this cigar and have made it my ""go to"" pick."
Casa Magna Colorado,5 out of 5,Go-to Cigar,Great full body cigar. Slightly sweet hint of cocoa wrapper that Tate's great to the end.
C'est La Vie,4 out of 5,C'est La Vie (it's life) - It's Also a Decent Smoke for the Price,"I've been smoking more cigars lately and ordered these to fill my humidor without busting the bank. After smoking several of these I've been pleased. As to be expected, there is a little inconsistency with how tightly they are rolled. But so far the burn has been even. The wrapper is mildly sweet - much less than other ""sweetened"" smokes I've had. The cigar itself is on the mild side. The wrapper is very thin and if you're not careful the wrapper will tear and the cigar will break down. I've found that my usual punch will destroy the cap, so I go with the cutter. However, I would not hesitate to purchase these again."
C'est La Vie,5 out of 5,great cigar great price,easy draw smooth flavor
C'est La Vie,5 out of 5,A big flavor for much less then you should expect to pay!,"Got my 2nd order of of 40 of these today and just enjoyed one out on the pool deck this evening. As usual no disappointment at all! Smooth and favorable and not just for the the money, but for much less to what you would expect to pay! Try them. You will not be sorry you did."
C'est La Vie,5 out of 5,Love them,"Easy, everyday smoke."
C'est La Vie,5 out of 5,"Very, very mild smoke!","My first order of these just arrived today and I must say that I am very impressed and will buy them again. A very, very mild and smooth smoke that is perfect for a quiet time smoke in the evening in the back yard or any other time when you just want to relax. No bite, not bitterness at all! Try them and you will not be disappointed."
C'est La Vie,4 out of 5,C'est La Vie,"I LIKE THESE CIGARS. THE FLAVOR IS SMOOTH ENOUGH TO MAKE THIS AN EVERY-DAY CIGAR, WHICH CAN ALSO BE USED AS A: ""STEPPIN' OUT"". THE PRICE IS ALSO SOMETHING THAT KEEPS ME COMING BACK. AT A BUCK PER STICK, YOU CAN'T GO WRONG."
C'est La Vie,5 out of 5,I will buy again,"Great Cigar
My favorite"
C'est La Vie,5 out of 5,Try then you will like it!,you need to try this cigar. very easy on taste
C'est La Vie,4 out of 5,c’la vie,Nice! Enjoyed them!
C'est La Vie,4 out of 5,Smooth and sweet,A good every day cigar. Stays smooth 'til the end and doesn't burn hot
C'est La Vie,4 out of 5,"Good smoke, cheep!","Good everyday cigar, to cut the grass, wash the car or just a afternoon cocktail."
C'est La Vie,5 out of 5,good,good
C'est La Vie,4 out of 5,"Great deal, nice smoke","These are nice for an everyday smoke. Initial burn is a bit off but it straightens out after an inch. I’ve smoked about 20 and so far I’m not disappointed. They develop all the way to the end. I suppose there is a bit of sweetness there but it’s in the smoke not the tip, which I like. Not harsh at all. Do yourself a favor and buy 2 bundles to rotate. I’ll keep buying. These are now my everyday smoke. What a deal!"
C'est La Vie,4 out of 5,Nice cigar for the price,Great smoke for that drive home after work
C'est La Vie,4 out of 5,Chest La Vie,Very good cheap cigar. Good to smoke when your in the garden or on the river bank.
C'est La Vie,4 out of 5,Order review,"Good cheap cigar. If you like mild cigars, like I do, you will like these.made well also."
C'est La Vie,5 out of 5,Guide,"Very Good, cheap cigar."
C'est La Vie,4 out of 5,Not bad for the price,"A fine economically priced cigar and while it doesn't have the taste and nuanced flavors of a more expensive cigar, it is well worth the price as an everyday smoke."
C'est La Vie,2 out of 5,"Some were good, many were not","When you get a good one, they're decent everyday smokes. But too many in the pack of 40 would fall apart or turn to mush. Even at this low price point, it became too frustrating to deal with all the bad ones to get to a good one."
C'est La Vie,4 out of 5,Price vs burn,Good every day smoke great taste sometimes doesn't smoke straight but for the price you couldn't ask for a better stick
C'est La Vie,4 out of 5,Excellent stick,All im going to say is this is an excellent cigar price very cheap its not made cheap nothing bad i can say about its very mild if you like a strong stick you may not like this one.
C'est La Vie,4 out of 5,What a deal,"Love the robust natural , First bought them for mowing or working at bench in garage now I go to them more often than my (good) cigars just wish they could keep them in stock I'm out and ci is too"
C'est La Vie,4 out of 5,WOW..........YOU'LL NOT GO WRONG WITH THESE !!,"WOW............ Just got my delivery of these, and They Are WINNERS !! Easy draw, even burn, a firm white ash, & a very mild taste with nuances of cream, light coffee, and toast. These sticks I got a single 20 on a CI sale, and thought I'd give them a go. I AM NOT DISAPPOINTED AT ALL. These are an excellent all round daily smoke for your day's activities. I'm certain to be back for more of these when I deplete the supply. GREAT MILD STICK !!"
C'est La Vie,5 out of 5,What a deal,Love em bought some for doing lawn and cigar vulture friends but now I keep more on hand than I do the so called better cigars humidors hold other more expensive brands but this is my favorite
C'est La Vie,5 out of 5,i take these golfing with me,"These guys are a staple in my book. Easy to smoke, good draw and great flavor. I get a little over 5 holes per smoke on the golf course."
C'est La Vie,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
C'est La Vie,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Great Smoke!
C'est La Vie,4 out of 5,Buy these,"Very happy with this stick. Great flavor. Very consistent stick after stick. Friends like it also. Can't beat the price. A bit of an uneven burn,but I can live with it. This will be my every day go to cigar."
C'est La Vie,5 out of 5,C'est La Vie Churchill Sweet 2-fer,"Good smoke! Draws well, and has a very pleasant initial bitter/sweet taste that becomes slightly sweeter after the first few puffs. I find this cigar to be of exceptional value."
C'est La Vie,5 out of 5,Geat Smoke!,"I have bought these before, now they are my go to smoke! Excellent!"
C'est La Vie,5 out of 5,c'est la vie rubusto sweet 2-fer,good everyday smoke! keep them in stock
C'est La Vie,5 out of 5,inexpensive but good,"One of the best inexpensive cigars I've ever had a wonderful everyday smoke, holds ash well burns even not bitter."
C'est La Vie,5 out of 5,good cigar,great
C'est La Vie,5 out of 5,Nice,Mild on your wallet as well as on your taste buds
C'est La Vie,3 out of 5,Mixed Bag,"Some have been good and some have been plugged but a good light smoke when you can draw it,"
C'est La Vie,5 out of 5,Great place!,Great place!
C'est La Vie,5 out of 5,Buen cigarro,Buen cigarro
C'est La Vie,5 out of 5,Good Cigar,Good Cigar
C'est La Vie,5 out of 5,Good,Good
C'est La Vie,5 out of 5,Good everyday smoke,"Mild draw and good finish,recommend for a all around smoke"
C'est La Vie,5 out of 5,Mild and Sweet,"Just got my smokes today and enjoyed one wright off the bat. It was just as stated, mild and smooth with a little bit of sweetness. Perfect for every day smoke."
C'est La Vie,5 out of 5,ANOTHER Good Deal,A good everyday smoke at a GREAT price. It's the reason I shop only CI!
C'est La Vie,4 out of 5,Nice Smoke,"Easy draw. Mild mannered, no harsh relights. Good price point."
C'est La Vie,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Loved the order.
C'est La Vie,3 out of 5,Just ok,The cigars taste is fine but they seem to be packed unevenly and one side almost always burns faster than the others. Still can't beat the price.
C'est La Vie,3 out of 5,C'est LA vie,Great cigar great price. Much better than I expected. I'd buy again.
C'est La Vie,5 out of 5,The natural,Smokes fine for price not a great smoke but a good all around cigar
C'est La Vie,5 out of 5,Excellent,Exceptional quality and service
C'est La Vie,5 out of 5,Another Order,I like this cigar.
C'est La Vie,5 out of 5,Cool inexpensive smoke,"Love a cigar that stays lit
this one does!"
Charter Oak,4 out of 5,Under valued cigar,This is a quality cigar at a very fair price.
Charter Oak,5 out of 5,Great Sale Purchase,"A stronger Connecticut, with high quality construction based on burn and ash. Great smoke output.
You are not denied value for the money; a can’t miss when on sale around $5/stick."
Charter Oak,5 out of 5,"Mild, flavorful and cheap!",Excellent smoke at around $6 a stick! Very mellow and easy to smoke but packs a lot of flavor. One of my favorites.
Charter Oak,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke!,Excellent smoke!
Charter Oak,4 out of 5,Charter oak toro,"Great for the price, mild-medium good smoke time."
Charter Oak,5 out of 5,Nice and taste,Very nice
Charter Oak,5 out of 5,Very Nice,Very very taste Not bitter
Charter Oak,5 out of 5,Good,Good and very Bitter
Charter Oak,5 out of 5,Nice!,Very nice 10/10
Charter Oak,5 out of 5,Charter Oak Smoke,Excellent cigar which they would be able to keep them in stock
Charter Oak,5 out of 5,Outstanding,"Smooth, solid tasting from the get go!"
Charter Oak,4 out of 5,Good Early Morning Smoke,Nice smooth smoke.
Charter Oak,5 out of 5,Worth 3x the price,"Best stick for the price, you literally cannot beat the price on these. Fantastic smoke, both the Connecticut and broad leaf varieties are just great flavor."
Charter Oak,5 out of 5,Charter Oak: The best keept sectret in cigar enjoyment.,"I stumbled on this magnificent smoke at a cigar shop in Key West while vacationing in the Florida Keys this past summer. I asked for a robust 60 ring Maduro with an edge and a smooth finish. The gar doesn't bite and has a strong hint of oak (not surprising) and a hint of mesquite along with a smoky feel. Great when barbequing and campfires. A perfect match at an affordable price. Also comes in a nice wooden box. My ""go to"" gar! My trip to the Keys payed off in more ways than one."
Charter Oak,5 out of 5,"Smooth, easy-going smoke","Great relaxing smoke, easy draw, nice even burn and great taste. Has become my go to cigar"
Charter Oak,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Charter Oak,5 out of 5,Charter Oak hits a home run. And out of the park at that!,"This very nice offering from the good folks at 'Charter Oak' has at least one new fan. Me! The initial bitterness of the Connecticut wrapper gives way to a nice light sweetness on the lips as well as a light leather feel in the mouth. The spice does not kick in until about 1/4 of the way into the cigar. Some woody under tones are present with light cocoa bitterness as well as some pepper. This is a cigar that will satisfy any medium cigar smokers taste and would make a great, next step up for the beginner cigar smoker wanting something a little stronger in taste. Not over powering in any one way. Very well balanced. As I write this review I am having one of these cigars and I am now down to the last 1/4. It is still very pleasant with no bitterness. It burns nice and even with no runners. This is a 'Nubber' ladies and gentlemen, and a very nice one at that. Well done 'Charter Oak'. High marks indeed."
Chillin' Moose,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Great smoke for Bachelor Parties or Hanging out around the Camp Fire..
Chillin' Moose,5 out of 5,the moose is loose,excellent smoke for after dinner chillin
Chillin' Moose,4 out of 5,Great smoke for the price,"Love the cigar, love the taste"
Chillin' Moose,4 out of 5,Good work around the house cigar,Nice cigar for when your outside do your honey do list
Chillin' Moose,4 out of 5,Decent,Nice smoke
Chillin' Moose,4 out of 5,Chillin' if yer willin'.,"Very smooth, light hint of leather and pepper. Smoked very well, and didn't hang heavy on me the next morning. The wife is also a fan!"
Chillin' Moose,4 out of 5,Very good,Very good
Chillin' Moose,5 out of 5,Price Can’t Be Beat!,"Nothing better than the price and quality of this cigar. Perfect everyday smoke that you can afford. Every Chillin’ Moose that I’ve smoked has been consistent, perfect burning and it’ll hold an ash the whole time!"
Chillin' Moose,5 out of 5,Good cigar. Easy smoke. Good,Good cigar. Easy smoke. Good price.
Chillin' Moose,5 out of 5,Wow,A very surprising cigar. Nice & mellow & goes well with my favorite scotch. Will definitely get these again.
Chillin' Moose,5 out of 5,Great Smoke Great Price,"Nice medium bodied smoke. Right up my alley. Great flavor perfect with a scotch. As a matter of fact, I think i'll have one of each right now!"
Chillin' Moose,5 out of 5,Taste and Value,"The original Chillin Moose is just the ticket if you are looking for great value in an every day smoke. The Moose has a dark oily wrapper, is densely rolled without sacrificing draw, and is smooth and tasty from end to end."
Chillin' Moose,5 out of 5,WOW!,Bought them based on the description and rating. I was blown away!!! These are an excellent low cost sub for when you can't afford an Ave Maria.
Chillin' Moose,5 out of 5,Second best cigar,I usually smoke cao but for a yard work cigar believe me these are great for the price
Chillin' Moose,4 out of 5,Spicy,Rolled tight but super long burning. Nice spicy flavor and smooth draw. Good everyday cigar and the price is right.
Chillin' Moose,5 out of 5,This cigar is not the very best but I thoroughly enjoy it,I enjoy this cigar
Chillin' Moose,5 out of 5,Great tasting cigars,Great tasting cigars
Chillin' Moose,5 out of 5,Hardworking Blue Collar Dream Smoke,"The Chillin Moose is one of the best cigars around in the mainstream brand genre. In fact, I put these bargain smokes right up there with CAO's Flathead Deisel. The Moose is wrapped tight and smoke long and good. Pound for pound, and dollar for dollar, it the best smoke for your money. Unless you ahve more money than sense."
Chillin' Moose,5 out of 5,Awesome,This is one of my favorite cigars
Chillin' Moose,4 out of 5,Chillin,Great everyday smoke
Chillin' Moose,5 out of 5,Great smoke for the money,Great smoke for the money
Chillin' Moose,5 out of 5,Great cigar for the price,"This is not a super premium cigar. The wrappers are not perfect. However, this is one of the best cigars for the price out there. It is a really mild smoke that is consistent throughout the whole cigar. Great everyday smoke."
Chillin' Moose,3 out of 5,good smoke!!!!!,good smoke!!!!!
Chillin' Moose,5 out of 5,"Really, Really, Really like it!","Really, Really, Really like it! Been telling all my cigar enthusiasts friends; 5 of them are buying it consistently! Great Cigar"
Chillin' Moose,5 out of 5,Great everyday smoke,I've found this cigar to be very mild with an easy draw and fairly even burn. Very good value and highly recommended.
Chillin' Moose,5 out of 5,Excellent mechanics,"One of the best rolled, best drawing, and best priced long leaf filler smokes I've ever had. Consistently. That said, it's strong and they don't have a milder version with a Connecticut shade wrapper. They should, because this baby is an industry-wide winner at this price point."
Chillin' Moose,5 out of 5,Chillin moose,Fresh on delivery.. always
Chillin' Moose,3 out of 5,Given to me by a friend,"Given to me by a friend as I was learning about the different tastes of cigars, a stepping stone in a way. Not a bad smoke for the money."
Chillin' Moose,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Best cigar for the money.
Chillin' Moose,5 out of 5,Highly recommend it,Awesome cigar. A relatively mild smoke for a great price.
Chillin' Moose,3 out of 5,Simple bonfire smoke,Not a bad every day mowing the lawn or sitting by the bonfire smoke. Mild and smooth with little flavor though.
Chillin' Moose,3 out of 5,"mild, smooth, and CHEAP!","Pretty mild. Not my type of cigar, but can't beat the price!"
Chillin' Moose,5 out of 5,Chillin moose,I belong to a cigar lounge and cigars international was recommended by my friends.I love looking at all your cigars .I would not say I ‘m a cigar expert and I’m very much influenced by price..
Chillin' Moose,5 out of 5,Great price and great flavor,Great price and great flavor nice even burn
Chillin' Moose,5 out of 5,Great cigar,I used a shuriken cutter and this smoked excellent. Smooth mild long lasting would highly recommend
Chillin' Moose,5 out of 5,Chillin moose,"Great cigar, nice gauge, mild smoke a good daily stick."
Chillin' Moose,4 out of 5,Good Flavorful Smoke,"A good smoke. It has a spicy but mild flavor. A bit too much of an aftertaste for me, but don't let that stop you from trying this excellent cigar."
Chillin' Moose,4 out of 5,Very nice cigar. A little,"Very nice cigar. A little strong, but good"
Chillin' Moose,5 out of 5,A great smoke,"I keep buying it, so i's a good smoke."
Chillin' Moose,4 out of 5,Good smoke,I don’t have all the fancy words and descriptions. I know what I like and I like how this cigar smokes. The box and the bands are a reminder of why I smoke cigars - coz it’s fun and enjoyable.
Chillin' Moose,5 out of 5,Decent smoke,Very decent smoke and the price was even better. Burn has been really even. Great after work stick
Chillin' Moose,4 out of 5,Nice every day cigar,Nice every day cigar
Chillin' Moose,3 out of 5,CM,It's a good cigar.
Chillin' Moose,5 out of 5,Chillin moose,Great cigar for every day smoke .
Chillin' Moose,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Chillin' Moose,4 out of 5,Nice mild cigar.,Nice mild cigar.
Chillin' Moose,3 out of 5,stronger than labeled,stronger than labeled
Chillin' Moose,4 out of 5,Good smoke for the price,For the everyday cigar smoker this is a good cigar for a good price
Chillin' Moose,4 out of 5,Good stick,Good stick
Chillin' Moose,5 out of 5,Excellent value,Excellent value
Chillin' Moose Too,5 out of 5,don't try them to hard to find,money aside cannot bet this cigar excellent
Chillin' Moose Too,4 out of 5,Moose 2 is shipping muse too,"Nice cigar, that's why it's backordered and you cant get them on time and never get a response from the shipping agent or carrier. POD"
Chillin' Moose Too,5 out of 5,Good cigar,Good everyday cigar I by a box every month and the price for them just can’t beat.
Chillin' Moose Too,5 out of 5,Great Value Smoke,These cigars are awesome for the price. They are Spicy and very consistent. The regular Chillin Moose is also very good too
Chillin' Moose Too,4 out of 5,Good everyday cigar,Good everyday cigar
Chillin' Moose Too,5 out of 5,Very enjoyable,A enjoyable treat!
Chillin' Moose Too,5 out of 5,A Giante Deal!,"Discovered this brand at a shop in Kingsport, a couple years ago, been smoking it ever since. Bought it at the Hamburg Mother Ship and on the web, by the case. Great Prices. Strong and smooth, if you haven't tried one, you owe it to yourself."
Chillin' Moose Too,5 out of 5,Burns even. Great smoke for,Burns even. Great smoke for the price.
Chillin' Moose Too,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Great cigar with an even better price. I really love this cigar
Chillin' Moose Too,5 out of 5,CM2,Outstanding cigars
Chillin' Moose Too,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Chillin' Moose Too,5 out of 5,moose,Excellent cigar for the money
Chillin' Moose Too,5 out of 5,Chilly moose,"Got these babys for a friend and we loved them. Even burn ,light smoke ,great taste"
Chillin' Moose Too,4 out of 5,Good for the price,Good every day stick.few veins wrapped tight even burn most of time ! Good everyday stick for the money ! Will buy again !
Chillin' Moose Too,4 out of 5,Great choice,"I've smoked these for a few years now and I truly enjoy them as my evening smokes, smooth with a hint of sweetness. I highly recommend, you won;t be disappointed that it's not a big name but the tastes sure is."
Chillin' Moose Too,4 out of 5,Bigwue69,"Smooth, mild with a spicy wrapper, and inexpensive."
Chillin' Moose Too,5 out of 5,Outstanding cigar,Great Smoke. Burns well and has a great taste
Chillin' Moose Too,4 out of 5,I like these cigars for the money. Good flavor!,Good flavor for the price
Chillin' Moose Too,3 out of 5,"Good, quality priced cigar.","Good, quality priced cigar."
Chillin' Moose Too,4 out of 5,Good cigar for the price,Good cigar for the price
Chillin' Moose Too,4 out of 5,Good,My every day smokes.
Chillin' Moose Too,3 out of 5,Try it.,Okay smoke.
Chillin' Moose Too,3 out of 5,Not what they use to be!,"I have been a big fan of Chillin Moose regular and these, but I hate to say the quality seems to be suffering now that they have grown in popularity. These were my every day smokes but frankly I won't be ordering again for a while. I will try again in a few months and see...."
Chillin' Moose Too,5 out of 5,Foundry chillin moose two,Good every day cigar for decent price
Chillin' Moose Too,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Great smoke for the price
Chillin' Moose Too,4 out of 5,Chill’n Moose,"Little skeptical initially, once lit chilly came around . Smooth draw , nice smoke , and pleasant flavors made for a surprisingly enjoyable smoke .
Definitely a great smoke for the price!"
Chillin' Moose Too,5 out of 5,Great daily smoke,Great daily cigar. Good burn and full flavor.
Chillin' Moose Too,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Had to humidify them for a few days but they are tasty and rich
Chillin' Moose Too,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Chillin' Moose Too,5 out of 5,Very Good,"Smooth, even, smoke. Aptly named."
Chillin' Moose Too,4 out of 5,I like it!,Good stuff at an affordable price!
Chillin' Moose Too,3 out of 5,Not feeling the burn,"Bought one these cigars while visiting the Hamburg, PA store (incredible store BTW) and loved it....In fact, ordered a box after returning home to Florida. Problem is they don't seem to have the flavor of the original one, smell great but little flavor. Hopefully giving them a few months in the humidor will help."
Chillin' Moose Too,4 out of 5,Great everyday smoke..,Great everyday smoke..
Chillin' Moose Too,5 out of 5,My Go To Cigar,"These competitively priced cigars rival AJ Fernandez's creations. Bold flavor, consistent construction, and excellent draw. Highly recommend."
Chillin' Moose Too,5 out of 5,Would you give a moose a cigar...?,"Happened to find this in the CI catalog. Out of the Chillin' Moose variants, this one is my favorite. Has some nice flavor and not a bad cigar for the price!"
Chillin' Moose Too,5 out of 5,Moose,One of my favorites good taste and burn
Chillin' Moose Too,4 out of 5,"Not a bad smoke,, some","Not a bad smoke,, some are rolled hard"
Chillin' Moose Too,4 out of 5,Very interesting smole,I really enjoyed this cigar. Mild to medium. Can become a ittle strong at certain points. Still a good smoke.
Chillin' Moose Too,4 out of 5,Great priceline !,Very good medium body cigar for under $5.... It's a great smoke to add to a four cigar day that we all sometimes have without killing your pocket
Chillin' Moose Too,4 out of 5,Chillen moose,They smell great and tast great and ain't to expensive
Chillin' Moose Too,5 out of 5,great price for an every,great price for an every day smoke!
Chillin' Moose Too,4 out of 5,Chillin’ Moose Too,Priced right. Good flavor. Keeps well in the humidor. Would recommend to a friend.
Chillin' Moose Too,4 out of 5,Very pleased,I actually enjoyed the cigar had a good taste and it actually didn't bite
Chillin' Moose Too,4 out of 5,The Chillin Moose Too,"The Chillin Moose Too is one of my favorites, I do prefer the gigante over the corona though, may have misspelled something.."
Chillin' Moose Too,5 out of 5,One of my favorites,A very good smoke at an every day price!
Chillin' Moose Too,5 out of 5,Awesome,Great cigars
Chillin' Moose Too,5 out of 5,No issues,Burns slow. Great taste.
Chillin' Moose Too,4 out of 5,Warming up to Chillin' Moose Too,"I had purchased one Chillin' Moose in a cigar store and enjoyed it. Seeing a sale price on CI I decided to try a 20 cigar box for a more extensive trial. I am very pleased with the Chillin' Moose Robusto. It is smooth smoking, fairly mild, flavorful, and a good value for the quality. It will be one of my regular golf course cigars."
Chillin' Moose Too,5 out of 5,Can't Go Wrong,Great smoke. Very smooth and gives off a great aroma.
Chillin' Moose Too,4 out of 5,So far I have had good luck with these.,The cigars that I have smoked have all burned fairly even. The flavor starts out a bit on the bitter side but then quickly mellows to a good smoke. I would buy these again.
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,4 out of 5,A good buy,A good buy
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,4 out of 5,They're good,They're good
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,5 out of 5,A mild yet robust enjoyable,A mild yet robust enjoyable smoke. I highly recommend it .
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,3 out of 5,The Churchill,"These are my go to cigars, they are a good draw most of the time have a mellow taste that is not overwhelming. I have experimented with different humidors lately because they have been drying out and then you are spitting tobacco constantly. They are one of the only cigars I have found that are individually wrapped. This I appreciate because I always can keep a few in my truck."
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,4 out of 5,Great quality at a fair price,"A mild , smooth cigar with great aroma."
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,4 out of 5,Fine cigar for it's price..,"Nice cigar, especially for it's price! I'd like to buy more. Simple, yet good taste, and pretty stout, too! 4.5 out of 5, at least!"
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,3 out of 5,For the casual cigar friend,"Good stick to keep a few of for the friend that's not into cigars but wants to smoke one with you. Very light smoke, but doesn't really 'wake up' until nearly the last third."
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,4 out of 5,Churchill Deluxe,"For a inexpensive cigar, this cigar really good. Burns even and has a good flavor."
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,4 out of 5,👌,"Very good substitute until you get Dominican Cream Robusto in stock again. My friend and I share orders, and we are considering ordering both cigars brands at times. Only found a few that were hard to draw so far with this brand. We like them."
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,4 out of 5,A good cheap cigar,A good cheap cigar
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,4 out of 5,Good taste for the price,As long as you unwrap them and let them dry a little they burn quite well.
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,1 out of 5,Partially plugged,Just a terrible cigar. I thought I was getting a great deal but this cigar is hard to draw through and I even aged them for over 6 months. Not worth the $. Give to your (not so close) friends... :/
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,4 out of 5,Better,"I had stopped buying these cigars last year because burned terrible, tasted terrible and ran down the side. I gave them another try and they are much better like when I bought over the past many years"
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,3 out of 5,"MILD,TASTY,NICE DRAW","MILD,TASTY,NICE DRAW"
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,2 out of 5,Disappointed,"Very hard smoke. The cigars did not burn evenly, were hard to keep lit, and very irregular to the touch. I will say when lit they did have some taste."
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,5 out of 5,Must put on my favorite list,"When I called as to why my order for Country Man cigars was back ordered, your representative told me that she didn't know how long it would take. I then asked her if there was a comparative cigar that she could recommend and she turned me on to the Churchill Deluxe. They happen to be a fantastic cigar, smooth drawing without a tongue bite and lasts for about little over an hour. I am sooo glad that my original choice was back ordered because I found another favorite choice."
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,3 out of 5,Average cigar due to plugs,A great deal if you handing out cigars to peeps that do not smoke cigars. Many are plugged and canoe a lot while burning.
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,3 out of 5,Affordable.,Not the best but good enough for the price.
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,1 out of 5,An unflavored cigar that’s wrapped,"An unflavored cigar that’s wrapped loose, burns harshly and torpedoes."
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,5 out of 5,Just what I ordered,In my humble opinion the are a nice medium yet aromatic cigar that are individually wrapped and invite a nice enjoyable draw and for the most part burn evenly. The price is reasonable and they keep well. You can not go wrong with these if your relaxing with your favorite scotch whiskey or working in and around the yard.
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,3 out of 5,Deluxe Caribe,"Good everyday smoke, better to use cutter rather than punch, wife likes the aroma."
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar for a cheap price. This is an everyday cigar that provides a long mild smoke. I haven't found a better cigar for the price.,Right cigar right price
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,5 out of 5,Always efficient and professional,"I have been completely satisfied with over a decade of doing business with CI. They are perennially efficient, courteous, and timely; with prices that simply can't be beat anywhere I've searched."
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,3 out of 5,OK,Would like better but pretty good for the price and I can't afford much more.
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,2 out of 5,Churchhill Deluxe gone bad,"the quality of churchill deluxe had gone way down hill. they have become difficult to smoke, always going out."
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,1 out of 5,Transace,"Poorly packed uneven burn , hot boxes easily, difficult to re-light. Overall rating zero"
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,1 out of 5,Very poor. The cigar did,"Very poor. The cigar did not smoke well and did not taste good,"
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,3 out of 5,Churchill Deluxe,A good cigar at a great price! I have purchased these several times and have not been disappointed.
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,3 out of 5,Humidor stuffer,"I had problems with these cigars not staying lit and with the wrapper sticking to my lip and peeling away from the cigar. This was not a problem with all the cigars in the box, but enough to warrant this feedback. Other than that, they made a ok everyday smoke. They had a good draw and decent flavor."
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,2 out of 5,No very good,Won't stay lit and hard to draw.
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,5 out of 5,GREAT CIGARS..ENJOYED SMOKING THEM..,GREAT CIGARS..ENJOYED SMOKING THEM..
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,3 out of 5,Good cheap cigar.,"It's a decent, inexpensive cigar if you smoke 4 or 5 a day. I save the $10 to $15 smokes for one an evening. When I'm playing golf I don't really think about my smoke so I appreciate a decent cheap cigar. The customer service at CI mid first rate and, really, that's what keeps me coming back."
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,2 out of 5,Deluxe by Caribe,"I always thought this was a good golf cigar. This box was disappointing, the roll was not tight enough and the burn was sloppy."
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,4 out of 5,1876 Churchills,Good bargain and a decent smoke
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,2 out of 5,Didn't Burn even,Good cigar for the money but did not burn well at all !!!
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,2 out of 5,All of them did not,All of them did not burn even
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,5 out of 5,Good value cigar.,Great for yard work or the golf course.
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,5 out of 5,Great buy,I like these cigars for several reasons. They. Taste good. They draw easy while they last a long time. I haven't found a better buy for the money.
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,5 out of 5,Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,"Best cigar for the price, I have ever smoked."
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,4 out of 5,Good every day smoke,"Good smoke for every day. Inexpensive and a great mild taste. Some draw issues exist, but for the price this is a good cigar for a reasonable price."
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,5 out of 5,A great everyday smoke,"These are well rolled, although wrapper occasionally is a bit dry. Can be relit without getting acid..my everyday smoke for as long as they are available."
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,3 out of 5,Churchill,Not as tasty as Cuban Delights
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,4 out of 5,great price 4 a good cigar,"try it!!! ,a good smooth smoke"
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,5 out of 5,Long time customer eval,Always first rate product @ most reasonable price anywhere.
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,1 out of 5,We're more like cheap cigarettes,I tried one than traded the remaining sticks for two cohibas. I was going to just throw them away.
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,4 out of 5,good smoke for cheap,I buy these to smoke while I'm driving around for my work. Good value . Always consistent.
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,4 out of 5,Good cigar for the price,"Mild cigar, good burn. Gets a little hot in the final third of the stick. Season them in the humidor for several days upon delivery. They came to me a bit dry. Almost every one cracked upon cutting. After proper humidification, that became less of a problem."
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,2 out of 5,Churchill Deluxe by Caribe Churchill Deluxe,"Cigars were not fresh ---- very dry. Also, many are not rolled well, resulting in poor burn characteristics."
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,5 out of 5,Bang for the buck,For the price these cigars are great. Always remember to store properly though as to not let them dry out.
Churchill Deluxe by Caribe,5 out of 5,Churchill by Caribe,Excellent cigars for the money - Best deal available!
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Very nice stick,Very nice stick
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,Rolled Cuban,Best value out there.
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke for price point.,Excellent smoke for price point.
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Nice Smoke...,"These are NOT shabby knockoffs. Very well constructed from quality materials. Delightful draws of delicious flavor throughout the entire burn. Truly enjoyable!,,"
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,CI Fresh Rolled Cigar,"A consistently smooth taste time after time.
I always enjoy this mild tasting cigar.
Thank you for ensuring the product quality!"
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,"A great smoke,especially for the","A great smoke,especially for the price!"
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Perfect smoke at a perfect,Perfect smoke at a perfect price!!
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Good everyday cigar,Good everyday cigar
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Good product,Good product
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,A good cigar,A good cigar
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Best Buy for the money,Best Buy for the money spent
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,"Great smoke, great price, great","Great smoke, great price, great everyday cigar."
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,An excellent Cuban blend cigar.,An excellent Cuban blend cigar. Can’t beat the price and taste of this cigar.
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,3 out of 5,These cigars are mild and,These cigars are mild and affordable daily smoke and will not cause you to be upset if the cigar is destroyed or lost.
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Great deal !,So far not a bad one in the bunch . keep them coming as long they stay in stock
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,"Good, for the price.","Good, for the price."
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,Not a bad smoke!,"Nice cigars with a smooth taste, along with a nice burn. Not bad at all! Will buy again, plus the price wasn't bad for a pack of 40 cigars."
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,Good cigar at a fair,Good cigar at a fair price
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,Good Smoke,Potent cigar and quality wrapper. Can't beat the price!!
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,Bargain,"Fresh, well rolled"
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,Great value,Great value
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,Anytime Cigar,Very surprised given the price. Usually burned cool and evenly. Nutmeg and pepper flavors. Very enjoyable. 😊
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Fresh rolled,I love to take these to work. Perfect smoke for the job
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,Good everyday cigar,"Great everyday, dog walking, lawn mowing cigar. occasional loosely packed cigar (1 of 40). good draw and taste."
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,Good cigar but burning uneven,I do like these. Very fragrant with nice draw but through 4 now and they aren’t burning evenly. I will definitely buy more as these a a great everyday smoke.
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,3 out of 5,CI Fresh Rolled,"They are a good buy for the price, but they are kind of strong. If they were a little smooter, they would be rated among the best !"
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Great Buy,Very consistent long smoking mild cigar. My go to cigar.
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,I love it,I love it
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Great,Great
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,3 out of 5,Nice,Burns unevenly !
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Great bargin/ Really good everyday Cigar,"For the money, have not found a better cigar. They are no Ashton's but a good everyday cigar for sure. You can't go wrong in my opinion."
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Good cigars,Good cigars
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,My everyday smoke.,My everyday smoke.
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,not bad for the price,not bad for the price
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,Ez smoke,"Nice n easy , good burn for the price"
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,3 out of 5,CI Fresh-Rolled Cubans,Several of them were hard to draw on. Kept want to go out. Finally gave up and threw away. However most we of good taste and easy to draw.
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,best buck and half cigar,best buck and half cigar ever..
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Great smoke at a great,Great smoke at a great price
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Light and full of flavor! Must buy!,"These are FANTASTIC. Super enjoyable smoke with a light body. Doesn't linger very long and has caramel notes. Very, very subtley sweet and not obnoxious. I would recommend pairing with a light or blonde iced coffee during the summer with a touch of whole milk."
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,Will be ordering more soon,Will be ordering more soon
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,Good cigar for the money,Good cigar for the money but you really must have a severe problem with your supply chain. A lot of your products are out of stock almost more often than thet are in stock. This has been going on for a couple of years so it isn't a pandemic issue.
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,"Excellent smoke for the money, great draw mild to medium body. Very smooth please do not raise the price. This is my go to cigar"
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,For the price you can’t go wrong!,"These cigars are an absolute deal! They burn true, and taste real good. Occasionally one is a little tight on the draw, but generally they’re packed well. I’ll order these over anything else when they’re available."
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,CO Cuban wheel Churchill,"I normally don’t smoke a Churchill of any brand, but I thought, “what the heck.” It is a good cigar. It draws well, burns evenly, and is very satisfying either on my front porch with bourbon or on the golf course. I’d get them again."
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Enjoyable,Very nice cigar for out on the golf course or boating
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,3 out of 5,Rosado wraps better but out,Rosado wraps better but out of stock. These were kind of mushy
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,A great cigar for the,A great cigar for the price. Really appreciate Veterans discounts. Thank you.
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Great Buy,The cigars are awesome!!!
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Wondreful everyday cigar,"These are my go-to for when I'm going my outside chores, A great everyday cigar."
CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,Outstanding smoke,Love the taste and smell. Smooth. Wish it would burn longer. Seems to burn a little faster than other top brands that size. I buy these often and keep some always stocked.
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,Great Value,"I got these cigars to take on a two week fly fishing/camping trip to Montana and Idaho. They did not disappoint. Well constructed and medium bodied, every one was good. Pleasant smoke with my morning coffee or relaxing by the campfire after a day of fishing."
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,Price is right!,"Only draw back I see, is the cigars have a tendency to unravel a bit. But, that may be to my poor caring for them in an appropriate humidor. A very mellow smoke and an exceptional price"
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Always excellent service,Always excellent service
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,GREAT,GREAT
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,"My ""Go To""",I stock my humidor with these tasty beauties every chance I get. Great even construction and fantastic taste. You will have trouble finding better for the money.
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,Good,Good
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado,great cigar at a great price!
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,3 out of 5,Good everyday cigar,Good everyday cigar
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,This is a great cigar.,This is a great cigar. I’ve tried others and keep coming back and it’s Affordable
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Rosado Cuban Wheels,I am retired now so I was looking for a good cigar that fits my fixed income budget. I was very surprised. The cost of these cigars are so low and I didn’t expect that they would be so good. They burn great. Wonderfull aroma and taste.
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,a good cigar,I have a limited budget and a unlimited like of cigars. therefore Have sought out good cigars at a price I can afford. The rosado cuban wheel fits perfectly into my WHEEL HOUSE. good cigar. good price don't tell anybody else or the price might go up. DO I GET A PRIZE FOR A TRUTHFUL ANSWER.
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,Great Value,"Well constructed, consistent, flavorful, great draw."
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Great everyday stick,Good cigar for everyday.
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Great smoke. Great price,Great smoke. Great price
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,Good every day smoke. Consistent,"Good every day smoke. Consistent burn, good draw. Never disappoints. Great value."
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,Great value,Great value
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Practically Perfect,Great cigar for my summer camping trips! The low price only makes it better. Thanks C.I.
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Awesome everyday smoke!!!!! Really great,Awesome everyday smoke!!!!! Really great deal!!!!!
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,value,"Good cigar for the price
Maybe a little more consistency"
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Great smoke for the money,This is a good cigar that I will definitely purchase again.
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Tasty treats,"My everyday go to cigar. Great smoke, great value, keep them coming CI."
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Rosado Cuban Wheel,Best cigar for the money.
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Great Cigar. You won't be dissapointed. A true bargain.,"Folks, we have a winner! I like trying to find true bargains and wow is this one. This should be easily twice the price. They are well constructed with compact roll that has burned razor sharp and had a good draw on every smoke i have tried. The flavor is great, offering a medium bodied smoke with leather, earth, cashews and nutmeg. This is the first house cigar from any company that has been worth smoking. It will definitely become a go to purchase."
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado,Great deal
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,CI Cuban wheels Churchill wrapper,I purchase them because you were out of the Connecticut wrapper I've been buying them The last couple of years I find them a fantastic cigar I've only tried the roserio when you're out
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Am I getting it or not? Was scheduled to arrive by July 2?,What is the situation of my order?
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,"Good flavor, great value, some","Good flavor, great value, some are rolled a little tight!!"
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Excellence on a low budget,"An inexpensive, mildly strong, good tasting, even burning cigar. This is a really great deal for the money."
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Good cigars for the price,Good cigars for the price
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,3 out of 5,Rolled too tight,"I very rarely complain, especially about construction problems. But I have to say this was my first order of ci fresh rolled and I think my last. About 25% of the bundle were rolled tighter than a frog's behind. Couldn't fix those and that's too bad. It's an OK stick otherwise."
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,Cuban wheel,consistant smoke.
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Relaxing smoke,Very nice cigars
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,My go to smoke!,My go to smoke. They always light and burn perfectly. I am telling you that you cannot go wrong with a wheel of these cigars
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Great cigar if you can find it in stock.,"This is a great cigar at a reasonable price. However, it is often out of stock very often for long periods. They should order more."
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,good every day smoke for,good every day smoke for the price.
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,good smoke for the price,These are good daily smokes. Seldom do I have any issues with construction or draw.
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,3 out of 5,good,good daily cigar
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,good cigar,"nice mild smoke good all the time, would buy again."
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,3 out of 5,They smoke fine ! Been,They smoke fine ! Been smoking them for a long time !
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Cigar love,"love these baby's, earthy, spicy, pepery great burn. KEEP UM COMMING!!!!!"
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Cigars,Good cigars
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Nice smokes,Great value for an everyday cigar
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,CI Fresh-Rolled Cuban Wheels,"Tasty, even burn, good value."
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Low pricedmdynamite,"Can't beat the price and quality. It has become my everyday smoke,"
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Go to everyday cigar,"When I can get them, my everyday go to cigar, nutty and leathery"
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Awesome value and taste!!,Awesome value and taste!!
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Best daily cigar!,I have bought many wheels and never been disappointed!
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Love it!!!!,Nice cigar. I'll buy it again
CI Fresh-Rolled Rosado Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,GREAT DEAL GREAT CIGAR,I give it a 5 because of the quality for the price. It is the second time I got them. This time they needed to spend some time in my humidor. 2 weeks later they were great
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,5 out of 5,"Great flavor, easy smoke","Great flavor but not overwhelming, easy pull, quick smoke, very consistent."
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,5 out of 5,Home Run!,"Literally my favorite cigar! I could have this in the morning with my coffee, in the afternoon during a long break, or after dinner after desert. Literally my go to stick and I can enjoy with any drink even with the coffee flavor. Comes in a pack of 20 so you cant go wrong. Absolutely love these! CI you hit a home run with this stick!"
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,5 out of 5,My favorite cigar,"This is my favorite of all that I smoke. The flavor and burn are the beat I've had. When buying I would suggest buying it in large bulk becuase they constantly run out, but if you like a smooth, easy draw, nice blend to enjoy with a drink that's not over powering this cigar is for you"
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,5 out of 5,Bad Choice,The cigars were fine like all the products from CI.......but I don’t like coffee flavored cigars.........I ordered incorrectly..........CI is great to order from and I will continue to do so
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,5 out of 5,Coffee Corona Knock Offs are the BOMB!,"Great flavor, even burn, solid price. You can't go wrong with the Coffee Knock Offs. I am not a coffee drinker but I absolutely love these sticks. Paired with a good bourbon, they can't be beat. I keep a good supply in my humidor for guests and have to reorder regularly. My friends always ask if I have any of those ""coffee flavored"" cigars left. My wife even likes the sweet smell emitted from an enjoyable smoke on the deck. Do yourself and your friends a favor and order a package or two-the price is right and you son't be disappointed."
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,4 out of 5,I have smoked them before,I have smoked them before and am always pleased. Just happy I received my entire order and nothing was on backorder
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,4 out of 5,Coffee what a nice surprise!,CI Knock-Offs nice job. One of my new favorites...
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,5 out of 5,Great Cigars!,"These cigars smell and taste wonderful, these are the only ones that I smoke now"
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,5 out of 5,Fantastic coffee flavored smoke!,"THese babies were awesome the first time I had ever tried them. Great coffee flavor. good, even burn all the way through and for the money....these cannot be beat! I will buy again and again!!"
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,4 out of 5,Great Buy,"Very happy with these! Smooth smoke, firm, very nice taste. Great smoke in the morning!"
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,4 out of 5,coffee toro,Very flavorful you will not miss the coffee in this one!
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,3 out of 5,Just ok,Was disappointed thought they would have little more flavor. They are smooth and burn even.
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,5 out of 5,great cigar,Best cigar for this price never a problem with quality
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Awesome flavor and great smoke
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,5 out of 5,A regular in my humidor,"Never a flaw! I try to keep two boxes in backup. Lots of aromatic smoke, too."
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,5 out of 5,Shocking taste,Shocking taste
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,4 out of 5,Better than I thought,Good flavor and nice burn
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,5 out of 5,coffee toro,good mild smoke.
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,5 out of 5,They taste greaTT,They taste greaTT
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,5 out of 5,Well Worth It!!,"Wow... really flavorful, and a great smoke for any time of the day. I am buying more."
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,3 out of 5,Brittle,"Wrappers seem a little dry..they are tending to peel, B
but my girlfriend loves the way they smell!"
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,4 out of 5,Enjoy,Great flavor! Some don't burn evenly but we still enjoyed.
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,5 out of 5,"My favorite. Great lingering taste,","My favorite. Great lingering taste, easy to smoke and last well."
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,5 out of 5,Great Smoke!,A buddy of mine gave me one yesterday and it was one of the best smokes I've had. I knew I had to get my hands on some more.
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,5 out of 5,Surprisingly good,"It doesn’t have the aroma of expensive cigar, but still very good"
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,5 out of 5,If You Are Wondering?,Best cigar I have smoked in years. Bar none!!
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,5 out of 5,smooth,This is a good reasonable smoke for a good price . After dinner smoke .
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,5 out of 5,Great cigars,Great cigars
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,5 out of 5,Feedback,Love the smooth taste and quality throughout the entire smoke.
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,4 out of 5,Great smoke!,"I usually hate hard flavored things, but these were really good! I gifted a few to my friend who doesn’t smoke but was willing to try something that wasn’t harsh. Long story short, he LOVES these!"
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,5 out of 5,GOOD VALUE,"Drew Estate Java $240 for 20 sticks. Tabak $170.00 for 20 sticks. CI Coffee Knock-Offs $40 for 20 sticks.
Although not as good as the previously mentioned brand name cigars, they are 1/4 of the price. Good stick for the price if you enjoy infused cigars."
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,5 out of 5,Excellent smooth flavored cigars.,Excellent smooth cigar for those seeking a flavored but also mild cigar. Significantly well priced also.
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,4 out of 5,Good Cigar,Good everyday cigar. Would recommend.
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,5 out of 5,Smoke around the wife cigar,"If you have a wife that hates the smell of cigars like my wife does. This is what I call “my smoke around the wife cigar”
I truly enjoy smoking these. The flavor is very noticeable and I really enjoy them. Plus it brings a mellow and sweet smell that people around you will enjoy as well. Plus the price is amazing."
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,5 out of 5,Give them a try!!!!!,Great smoke in the morning with coffee or after dinner as a dessert smoke. Surprisingly great flavor. Could hardly put them down. Will purchase again. Thanks CI
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,5 out of 5,Best choice!,Best choice!
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,3 out of 5,Coffee,"Sweat and good smelling, a good smoke for the money"
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,5 out of 5,"Great stick, great price",Surprisingly good stick. Would buy again. Great price
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,5 out of 5,Nice flavor,THere is a spice-filled draw that really grabs my attention. Love the smaller ring size as well. Great cigar for folks like me that like infused cigars.
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,5 out of 5,Good everyday cigar,Good everyday cigar
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,5 out of 5,Outstanding Construction and Consistent Quality!,Consistent construction and even burn. Outstanding smoke for the price!
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,4 out of 5,Coffee Knock offs,Good coffee flavor with a hint of sweetness.
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,5 out of 5,Good stuff,"Great cigar, good flavor, great smoke, easy drag.. excellent price.. total win"
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,4 out of 5,Coffe lovers smoke,"Wonderful coffee flavor, smooth rich leathery cigar"
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,4 out of 5,Great second,"Rich coffee flavoring throughout, great cigar"
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,4 out of 5,Ballpark of Tabak,"I find this product to be within the ballpark of Tabak (My favorite Cigar) at 1/4 the cost. I will make this observation. When I first got the cigars I found them a tad bitter. I saw a review on here about letting the Cigars season a bit in a Humidor. I let my batch sit for about 3 months before I tried again and the smoke was very much improved. It is within the ballpark of my favorite cigar which is to say not quite as good, but the price difference makes me not care, especially if I have a drink with it."
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,5 out of 5,Can’t Beat It,"Very good smoke with a great price point. These tasty cigars seem to sell out pretty quickly, and for a good reason. Will purchase again... very soon."
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,4 out of 5,"I recommend buying this cigar. Compared to irish cream, this is nothing short of cohiba.",this is coffee
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,5 out of 5,Worth every penny!,Excellent every-day smoker...very smooth and consistently-burning. I will def be getting more of these in the future!
CI Knock-Offs - Coffee,4 out of 5,Good value,Mild with a hint of coffee.
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,4 out of 5,Nice mellow cigar,Nice mellow cigar. Good flavor.
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,4 out of 5,Tasty smoke,"For the price, you can't beat them. Burns well, constructed fine, nice smoke, nice draw, doesn't start getting bitter until down to about 2 inches. Better than the coffee knockoffs, which surprised me."
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,4 out of 5,Well worth it,"While these are not the top end cigar, their flavor is great and a smooth smoke."
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,4 out of 5,Less flavor than the smaller,Less flavor than the smaller cigar knockoff.
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,5 out of 5,Good cigar. Plan to continue,Good cigar. Plan to continue smoking them.
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,4 out of 5,Not bad for a knock-off,Not bad for a knock-off and will be ordering again once these are gone.
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,4 out of 5,"Tasty even smoke, only reason","Tasty even smoke, only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is that they burn a little fast."
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,4 out of 5,Sweet and dreamy,Sweet and dreamy
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,4 out of 5,Great smoke for a small,Great smoke for a small price
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,4 out of 5,Value and quality.,"Good smoke , for a good price. Smooth and tasty the whole through. Burned even , and had consistent flavor throughout smoke."
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,5 out of 5,"Knock Offs are great, very","Knock Offs are great, very smooth - however, I didn't like paying shipping on an order over $125, and it was the first time ever, that I had to pay a tobacco excise tax."
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,4 out of 5,Pleasantly Surprised,"Great favor, nice burn and smooth finish."
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,5 out of 5,Great easy smoke,"Great flavor, quick smoke, easy pull 5/5. The coffee knock offs are amazing too."
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,4 out of 5,CI Knock-Offs Irish Cream Great Value.,If you're looking for a mild cigar with a great aroma. CI Irish Cream is a great choice and even better value.
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"I love this cigar for flavor, taste, and cost. The only draw back is that they are constantly out out stock."
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,4 out of 5,"Sweet, whiskey good and yummy","Sweet, whiskey good and yummy"
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,4 out of 5,Very good cigars,Very good cigars
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,4 out of 5,Chicory (fake Coffee),Actually pretty good....a bit too sweet for me but an enjoyable smoke on the porch after a hard days work....more like a dessert than a meal.
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,4 out of 5,They were a little dried,They were a little dried out when I received them. Other than that they were very enjoyable. Nice aroma and smooth taste
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,5 out of 5,Nice easy smoke,mellow smoke that doesn't break the bank!
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,4 out of 5,Vacation,Bought as a vacation cigar for myself and cousins/uncles. Cigar was a success. Everyone liked them. Good flavor. Good aroma. Good price. Definitely buying again.
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,4 out of 5,Nice cigars I like the,Nice cigars I like the coffee ones better but these are a good mild stick
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,4 out of 5,"Good, enjoy them","Good, enjoy them"
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,5 out of 5,Excellent Flavor!,Flavor is smooth and not overbearing. The slightly sweetened tip and creamy flavor lasts through the entire smoking experience. 👍🏼
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,4 out of 5,Nice Knock-offs,"Nice flavor throughout, burns evenly (a little quick in my opinion). But well worth the price...will definitely buy again!"
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,5 out of 5,A little flavor for the day,Great everyday smoke
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,5 out of 5,The cigar burned great all,The cigar burned great all the way throw and it had great flavor the hole time I was smoking them. The price is great and I would recommend that you try these cigars.
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,4 out of 5,Sweet Smoke,This is a very mild sweet tasting cigar. It is even smoking to the end.
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,5 out of 5,Excellent,"A smooth, flavorful smoke. It's my go to. I'll definitely buy again."
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,4 out of 5,"Good, OK flavor","I purchased these after trying the CI Knockoffs- Coffee flavored, even though these don't rate as well. I can say now that the coffee ones definitely had better flavor and the end caps fell apart on the Irish Cream when smoking. Good overall cigar and decent flavor but I'll stick with the coffee ones from now on."
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,5 out of 5,A good cigar,The cigar Burns really nice and it’s nice and smooth
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,4 out of 5,What a smoke!,Smooth with a touch of sweetness.
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,3 out of 5,Good cigar for the price,Good cigar for the price sweet flavor
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,3 out of 5,Hit or Miss,"Honestly its hit or miss with these bundles. I have had packs that tasted and burned great and I have had a pack that went directly to the trashcan. Pleasant taste, even burn, decent construction when you hit or a very green slightly bitter taste with poor construction when you miss."
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,5 out of 5,Great Deal...,"Very nice draw (or pull), burns evenly/medium speed, taste great, probably medium/mild, and smells okay to others. That's how I rate my sticks."
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,5 out of 5,Low Priced Everyday Cigar,"5 Star For an everyday knock-around cigar. Quality construction, even burn, good taste, and priced well enough."
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke if you can get them
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,5 out of 5,"A mellow smoke, especially in the evening.","I have bought them several times and will continue to buy them again. Even friends who do not smoke anything at all have commented on the enjoyable smell of them when I am smoking them outside on my pool deck. They are smooth and very sweet and favorable. They are a treat anytime of day, but I especially like them in the afternoon or late in the evening as a mellow finish to my day."
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,1 out of 5,Knocking them,"Bad, strong taste. I gave them away."
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,4 out of 5,Great tasting cigar,"Bought these a week or so ago, and great tasting cigar. Very mellow smoke.
However I did notice today that my morning cigar the wrapper was flaking, so I'm hoping it was just the one. Other than that great smoke burns good taste good what else do you want or need?"
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,4 out of 5,Great daily cigar!,The CI Irish Creams are great tasting cigars. An excellent value for a quality flavorful cigar. Excellent choice with a good cup of coffee. I’ve share these with many friends and all of the love this cigar.
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,5 out of 5,CI knockoff,"Received, placed in humidor for a week, good smoke"
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,5 out of 5,Great smoke the price.,Great smoke the price.
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,5 out of 5,A late night snack.,"Don't let the ""Knock-offs"" fool you. These are excellent smokes to end the day with in the evening in the backyard. Sweet and mellow. Sort of like a late snack before bedtime."
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,3 out of 5,Nice cigar for car ride,Nice cigar for car ride
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,5 out of 5,good cigars,"I had good smoking with this excelent cigar, creamy, mild, very good flavor. but little bitter ending"
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,3 out of 5,They fall apart,They fall apart
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,4 out of 5,Tasty,"A pretty good cigar,some tasting better than others,but still a very good smoke."
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,4 out of 5,Very nice for the price.,I like them. Smoke real good . Very nice yard work for the price.
CI Knock-offs - Coffee: Irish Cream,5 out of 5,Wow,"High quality smokes! Smooth easy draw, full-bodied flavor. With the market uncertainties and increasing cigar prices, the CI Knockoffs are a new staple. Big on everything you want, reasonable on price!"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,3 out of 5,Not a bad smoke for,Not a bad smoke for the price!
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,4 out of 5,"Not bad for a cheaper,","Not bad for a cheaper, quick smoke when you don't have time for the real thing. Some were packed a little too tight that made the draw inconsistent. Flavor wasn't bad. I would buy again."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,5 out of 5,Nice smoke,"Great value, will definitely order again."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,3 out of 5,Good Cigar,A very enjoyable cigar for the price can't beat it very pleased.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,5 out of 5,CI Knock Offs,Good cigar good value
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,5 out of 5,CI Knock-Off Pequenos,I prefer coronas and petite coronas. I very much like these cigars. I give them at least 6 months in the box. They burn and taste better with a little age.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,5 out of 5,Great cigars.,Great cigars.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,3 out of 5,Good decent smoke,Good decent smoke
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,3 out of 5,CI Knock-Offs,Good for price paid; trouble is they are often on backorder.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,5 out of 5,An excellent cigar bundle for,An excellent cigar bundle for a very low price
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,5 out of 5,A Great Dog-walker,"You can't beat this little stick for the price.
Good draw, good construction, even burn, and it has a really good flavor.
I will be getting these again."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,5 out of 5,CI Cohiba Pequenos. Knock-Offs,"Very good smoke,full bodie"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,5 out of 5,Cohiba Knock-off,Not a bad little cigar for the price!
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,3 out of 5,These are a good smoke,These are a good smoke
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,5 out of 5,Good cigars,You can't beat the price for these CIs. Will buy again.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,4 out of 5,Great,Burns good some were dry and burned funny over all good everyday smoke
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,5 out of 5,Easily one of my favorites,"Smoke them down to the nub, an excellent cigar"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,4 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke although leaves are a little loose on some.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,5 out of 5,It's worth a try,"Smooth draw, great taste, great price"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,4 out of 5,Inexpensive and Enjoyable,"I'm not a cigar expert by any stretch of the imagination. I enjoy a stogie or two on the golf course. So my review must be taken with that in mind.
I've really enjoyed these. They're fairly light in flavor, but I don't want to get all buzzed up on the course anyway. They arrived shortly after I ordered them, and they're fresh and burn evenly."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,4 out of 5,Good small cigar,"I have bought these in the past and for a while they stopped having them in stock. Good flavor and the construction and draw is as consistent as any small cigars I have tried. I also smoke Punch bolos, and I think these CI s have a more consistently good draw."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,5 out of 5,CI K/Os vs Cohiba,"Great smokes, especially for the price!
Ordered more!"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,4 out of 5,Not bad,"For a knockoff not bad at all, will re-order."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,5 out of 5,"Awesome cigar,as a result,Always Back Ordered 😕😕","Great cigar , great price. Love All the Vitolas & while they are about as close as I've found to the Real Deal,IMHO the Closest in flavor to a Genuine Cohiba are the Pequenos. I have Only One Problem with them. They've been back ordered for a Very Long Time. More than 6 months. I've made an agreement with myself to Not Buy Anything from CI till they are back in stock. If you check my past order history,you'll notice you're missing a Lot of business because of this. Please re stock"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,4 out of 5,Toasty,"Smooth, with hints of toast and leather, never any bite"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,5 out of 5,Great smoke at a great price!,Great smoke at a great price!
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,4 out of 5,good stick,"good yard stick, i smoke these in the yard while doing yard work, Yard Stick!"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,4 out of 5,Best smoke out there for,Best smoke out there for the price
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,5 out of 5,Nice,Excellent...will but again
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,5 out of 5,A Great Value Smoke,"I'm not about to give up cigar smoking, but I have given up the genuine Cubans. And while I'm not about to say these are as good (they're not - my brand of choice was Cohiba Siglo Type II), I can afford these. And they come in a robusto size (my preferred). The wrap is alawys well done and the cigar burns evenly. It smokes at a higher price value than what it costs and I order them regularly. Service from this company (Cigars International) is as good as it gets so I'm happy."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,5 out of 5,not bad for $$,really nice smoke no compalints
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,5 out of 5,Thanks CI,I've have smoked many good pricey cigars but I am very impressed with these I will be trying more of these Knock offs thanks CI because average smokers can still enjoy good quality
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,3 out of 5,Nice day to day,Nice day to day
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,4 out of 5,Great smoke for the money,Great smoke for the money
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,5 out of 5,great smoke,great every now and then smoke
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,5 out of 5,Will definitely buy again,"I was hesitant to buy these and have been pleasantly surprised. It's a great short smoke (when time is limited), flavorful and an easy draw. I'm planning on trying some of the others. Can't do much better for the price."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,4 out of 5,Nice cheap smoke.,Nice cheap smoke.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,5 out of 5,Terrific value!!,Love them!
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,5 out of 5,RMC2,"I get these cigars on occasion and they are great, in taste, flavor, and all around good smoke."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,4 out of 5,Worthy,Very good taste and burn for the buck. I will buy again.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,4 out of 5,Good taste and value,Good taste and value
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,4 out of 5,On a budget,"Can't afford to be smoking Cohibas every day and these Knock-offs are a great, inexpensive substitute. They hold together well and have a smooth, mild flavor. This allows me to save my Cohiba smoking for special occasions and events."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,4 out of 5,Decent cigars,"I’m no cigar expert but I liked them, good smoke. Will buy them again!"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,4 out of 5,Try them!,Good value but inconsistent pack. Sometimes hard to draw. Good taste
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,5 out of 5,Knock offs cohiba,Smooth tasting cigar
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,5 out of 5,You won't be disapointed,These are great. I've had them in pequenos and robusto. Best tasting inexpensive cigar I've had. I will always have these in my humidor.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,5 out of 5,Great value,best cigars and great customer service ..thank you
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,4 out of 5,CI Cohiba Knock Offs,Good deal for the price. Decent smokes which I'll order again.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,5 out of 5,For the price,for the price you cant beat it. Good hand rolled sticksthat have a decent draw.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Cohiba,4 out of 5,very good smoke well worth,very good smoke well worth the money
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,4 out of 5,Excellent.,Excellent.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,4 out of 5,Generally a consistently good cigar,Generally a consistently good cigar
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,4 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,5 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,5 out of 5,Cigar smoking Villain,Way better than expected!
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,4 out of 5,Decent cheap stick,Overall decent smoke. Didn't like the uneven burn
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,5 out of 5,Great products,Great products
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,5 out of 5,Great smoke stays lit easy,Great smoke stays lit easy draw
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,5 out of 5,Great value cigar!,I have been getting these cigars for a few years now. I enjoy the consistency from order to order. I always know what to expect. These cigars smoke evenly and are definitely worth the price.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,5 out of 5,La Glorious...,Great knock off!
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,4 out of 5,Good to go for being,Good to go for being seconds 👍
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,4 out of 5,Partagas are a little better,"I like Partagas better,but they are always on backorder"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,3 out of 5,Very dry,"The cigars came to me very dry, causing splitting when the end was clipped. Needed to leave in humidor for a week before I was able to enjoy the smoke."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,5 out of 5,Very good,Very good
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,5 out of 5,Good smoke especially for the price,Good smoke especially for the price. Burn even for the most part consistent flavor. Will definitely buy them again.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,5 out of 5,Good smoke for the money,Good smoke for the money
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,4 out of 5,Very good. Worth the money.,Very good. Worth the money. A good everyday smoke.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,5 out of 5,CI LGC Knock-Offs,Can’t beat them for the price! Perfect everyday cigar.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,5 out of 5,Great buy,"Good flavor, even burn without touch ups. Consistent through pack of 20."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,5 out of 5,Great,Great
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,5 out of 5,Bravo CI!,"All I can say is BRAVO CI! I will never pay the price for the original again! Great even burn, great full body and flavor! In all honesty, I think these are better than the original! These are the real deal folks! Again, bravo CI!"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,5 out of 5,Enjoy,"Enjoying smokes while helping my wallet.
Tough times now but still enjoying the smokes."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,4 out of 5,Greg Blake,Good solid 6x60 smoke. Good quality at a bargain price.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,4 out of 5,LA gloria corona Knock off,Good cigar for the price.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,5 out of 5,Best cigar AND best price-pleasantly surprised!,"OMG! The best cigars that I have bought and for this price- it makes it even more amazing! If these were offered as samplers, they would not keep them in stock!"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,5 out of 5,Best cigars for the price.,Best cigars for the price. Can’t be beat. My go to source for quality cigars!!
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,3 out of 5,Daily Smoke,Not bad sticks for everyday smoke after work.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,5 out of 5,Worth much more then the price being asked.,I read all the negative comments before posting and I can honestly say they must not like the taste of a good cigar. I have been ordering these 20 packs for over a year now and I keep coming back. These LGC Knock Offs are an amazing smoking experience in my opinion. I like a bold flavor and this one delivers 100%. I am hooked!!
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,5 out of 5,"Great, tasty cigar",Love these cigars. Have a great flavor to them for a decent price. Will become a go-to for me.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,4 out of 5,Great cigars,Great cigars
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,5 out of 5,Everyday Cigar,"An excellent everyday cigar. Well made, easy draw, and strong."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,5 out of 5,Great value,These cigars have become my every day smoke. I consider them great value for the price.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,4 out of 5,KO,Nice smooth smoke great price
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,3 out of 5,Good deal,Good deal
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,4 out of 5,Knockoffs,"I have purchased these several times....while not a premium cigar, I've had premiums that don't smoke as well as these. Altho you get a ""clunker"" once in awhile, they are for the most part pretty consistent. The burn and draw are much better than some knockoff smokes.
I will buy them again."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,3 out of 5,LA Gloria Knock-Offs,Makes a good smoke if your doing some yard work.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,4 out of 5,Worth the try,A little bite on front end but after that this was an excellent one hour smoke . Even burn and easy draw. It will be good on the golf course.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,5 out of 5,Value,A tasty smoke that meets the stronger profile it has been given. A great value that has a consistent burn and smooth draw.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,5 out of 5,One excellent cigar,"I honestly did not know what to expect when I placed my order. I was pleasantly surprised. Good smoke, good ash. A good way to start the day with coffee or just to unwind with friends."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,5 out of 5,Well done. A great comparable to the real thing.,Even burn and good construction. This stick has some strong flavors and pairs well with a glass of whiskey.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,5 out of 5,CI Knock-Offs,Good cigar. Very similar to La Gloria
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,5 out of 5,Spectacular smoke,"Was very pleasantly surprised to find this smoke to be so good. Nice, slow burn, no canoeing, robust kick. For those who are looking to find a surprise pleasant to the palate. All this and the price? Unbeatable."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,5 out of 5,Outstanding purchase.,Great flavor and ash. Good construction as well as flavor. This stick is a tasty homerun.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,5 out of 5,you wont be disappointed,"heavy body, smokes burns very very well"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,4 out of 5,CI Knock-Offs,It was a medium plus with smooth draw and good finish.Flavors of earth and leather and coffee.Good value and good smoke.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,5 out of 5,Good Value,Awesome for the price. But unfortunately the cigars go downhill after smoking about 15 minutes into them. The first two inches are outstanding. Then its kind of eh.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,3 out of 5,Great,Great
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,5 out of 5,Great cigars!,"Very good cigars, made very well, burn great, taste is amazing. All around good daily smokers. I only had one cigar that was rolled too tight but I was able to fix it! Can’t go wrong with these"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,5 out of 5,Great tasting cigar and a,Great tasting cigar and a great value and would certainly purchase again
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to La Gloria,3 out of 5,OK,"These cigars are good for the price, but they do not compare to the La Gloria as advertised."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar for the price.,Excellent cigar for the price.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,4 out of 5,Nice smoke,Nice smoke
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,5 out of 5,CI KNOCK OFFF,Good for a cheap cigar only problem is they tend to burn uneven and freshness has been an issue at times but still enjoyable
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,5 out of 5,My choice,I always buy these when they are available. I smoke two a day. These a pleasure to smoke and reasonably priced.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,4 out of 5,Good everyday smoke,Burns even and good draw
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,5 out of 5,Best buy for the bucks.,Best cigar for the price. Smoke mine on the golf course. Makes for a great day.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,4 out of 5,"Great Smoke, Reasonable Price","Enjoy the smoke. Good, rich flavor and burns well. Good for the golf course or on the patio."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,5 out of 5,Just as good as the,Just as good as the regular Macanudo. Burns evenly and easy draw.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,4 out of 5,Great little cigar!,These are great everyday cigars for golfing or working around the house.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,4 out of 5,Paul,Good everyday stick. Not a long burn but good to relax with after work with a beer.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,4 out of 5,Nice surprise.,Excellent daily smoke without breaking the bank.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,4 out of 5,They are very good for,They are very good for the price
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,4 out of 5,Macanudo knockoffs,Great smoke.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,5 out of 5,Not Macs But,"You know they are not Macs, but they are close and very easy smoke. Will buy again"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,5 out of 5,mark p,good cigars at the great price nice for an everyday cigar
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,4 out of 5,Most were tobacco packed fine,Most were tobacco packed fine but there were a few soft cigars
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,4 out of 5,Knock-Offs,"Good cigar. A bit pricey considering their ""stuff""."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,4 out of 5,Surprisingly good for the price,Surprisingly good for the price
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,4 out of 5,Good cigar!,Good cigar!
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,4 out of 5,Not too bad!,"For not wishing to spend bigger bucks for the genuine article, these cigars aren't too bad. Will probably order again. Very disappointed in shipment time. I know that most cigar tobacco comes from Central America and the Caribbean, but eight days for shipment two states away? This parcel didn't need to go via banana boat through the Yucatan. You can do better than that."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,4 out of 5,Everyday Champ,"The price made me try it and I am not disappointed! A good everyday smoke even in the morning, especially on the golf course. You can even trade with your friends who smoke other brands. I will buy them again when I'm out."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,5 out of 5,VERY SMOOTH,VERY SMOOTH
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,4 out of 5,Excellent every day smoke,Excellent every day smoke
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,4 out of 5,Nice mild flavor,Nice mild flavor
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,4 out of 5,Not too shabby....,Good cigars! Just found a couple in the pack that must have been rolled to tight.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,5 out of 5,Very good cigars at a,Very good cigars at a very good price.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,5 out of 5,Awesome affordable cigars,I love this cigar. Excellent price n free shipping n smokes great! I will buy more!!!
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,5 out of 5,Better than I expected,"Very pleased with the speed of the delivery and overall flavor of the cigars.
Would buy them again."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,5 out of 5,Love Them,Love Them
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,5 out of 5,Love these cigars. Wish you,Love these cigars. Wish you always had them in stock!
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,4 out of 5,Very good,Can't beat them for the price
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,5 out of 5,great cigar love them,great cigar love them
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,5 out of 5,Great deal,Was very shocked the taste came so close resulting in an incredible value purchase
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,4 out of 5,Tasty daily smoke!,"Good cigar, similar to the MAC without the price!"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,5 out of 5,Good for the money,Really good smoke
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,5 out of 5,Real bargain,Nice smoke. Mild and has a great flavor good buy for the money
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,3 out of 5,They are OK,They are OK
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,5 out of 5,"Good smoke ,","Good smoke ,"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,5 out of 5,Smooth,These are very smooth and enjoyable while sipping some whiskey !
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,5 out of 5,Macanudo KO,Great value!
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,3 out of 5,"Tight draw, good flavor",Great flavor but most of mine had an exceedingly tight draw. Had to work way too hard to keep it going.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"Loved each and every one, so great for the price!"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,5 out of 5,Great cigar for the price,"Great cigar for the price, not always in stock but pretty good deal when available."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,4 out of 5,Nothing Missing Here!,Enjoyed these babies would buy again
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,4 out of 5,CI knockoffs,good cigar to smoke on golf course or sitting in boat on hot day trying to catch your first walleye very mild
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,4 out of 5,About half of my bundles,About half of my bundles seem to be wrapped to tight
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,5 out of 5,"Great cigars, love the knock","Great cigars, love the knock offs"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,5 out of 5,Great,Great
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,5 out of 5,great smoke,really good!
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo,5 out of 5,CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Macanudo Churchill,"The only difference that I see, is the price, it's a great cigar."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,4 out of 5,Not a bad smoke.,Not a bad smoke.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,4 out of 5,Again nice smoke,"Great construction, lots is smoke, nice flavor obviously in the realm of montecristo just milder"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,4 out of 5,Not bad,Not bad
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,5 out of 5,A little tight at the,A little tight at the torpedo end. Roll it a bit. It delivers a smooth draw
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,5 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,5 out of 5,Great every day,Great every day
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,4 out of 5,A real good cigar,If you can’t afford Montecristo’s the knock off is the next best thing
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,4 out of 5,Great golf cigar,Great everyday smoke. Very popular on the golf course.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,4 out of 5,A bit inconsistent in wrap,A bit inconsistent in wrap and filler but good flavor. Would buy again.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,4 out of 5,A smooth taste,A smooth taste
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,4 out of 5,Great smoke for the price,"I hesitated at first to get these, but I was very surprised how good this was. All the guys in my foursome loved this smoke."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,5 out of 5,My every day cigar,It has been hard to find another cigar for the money that is smooth and mild and burns great every time. The Churchill and Robusto are my every day cigars.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,4 out of 5,A good smoke for the,A good smoke for the money
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,5 out of 5,Great cigar for the price,Great cigar for the price please keep them in stock when you run out it takes months till now come in
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,5 out of 5,Knock Offs --- Knockouts!,"Excellet smoke for the price! Good taste, even burn, solid construction. Positive scale on all counts. Will buy again!"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,4 out of 5,"Good Smoke, Great Value",Very much enjoy this cigar. Very affordable and comparable to the name brand Monte Cristo. A smooth and easy smoke.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,5 out of 5,a great value!,a great value!
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,5 out of 5,CI knock-offs,Since I’m a “rookie” cigar smoker I have not tried Montecristo cigars so I can’t compare the two . I enjoyed smoking the CI knockoff cigars. They burn evenly and had a good taste. I wish I could give a better review but like I said I’m a rookie and have not really had the opportunity to enjoy different cigars.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,4 out of 5,Price should be a few,Price should be a few $ less.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,4 out of 5,knockoffs,Very enjoyable
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,5 out of 5,CI Knock-Offs,"Good every day smoke. Burns even most of the time.
A Mellow Smoke."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,4 out of 5,Good every day cigar !!,Good every day cigar !!
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,5 out of 5,Excellent everyday and golf cigar,"Excellent everyday and golf cigar
Love it!!"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,5 out of 5,They Work for Me,I got what I paid for and will purchase them again.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,4 out of 5,good value,great smoke for the price
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,4 out of 5,My new yard gar,"Retired and on a budget, these are my new yard gar's."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,4 out of 5,Pretty good knockoff,The only problem I have with the Montecristo knockoffs is that some of them have a very hard draw. To be fair many of the cigars I have received from CI have been that way. Still wont stop me from getting my cigars from CI .
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,4 out of 5,Montecristo knockoffs,good quick cigar...will buy again
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,5 out of 5,Great value.,"Good flavor, steady draw, great price."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,4 out of 5,Like em,Like em
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,5 out of 5,Very Nice,"Great cigar, smooth medium body pleasure!"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,5 out of 5,These were great!,Montecristo is one of my favorites and these are so close to the real deal!!
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,5 out of 5,I love them,I love them
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,4 out of 5,Good cigar at the right,Good cigar at the right price.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,4 out of 5,Very Enjoyable,"I liked these lot.
Smooth taste and even burn with long ashes means no cratering. On my 18th one now and none of them has been a hard draw. They ate tasty and consistent. I will definitely order these again."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,5 out of 5,Nice mild flavor,Nice mild flavor
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,3 out of 5,Good daily smoke for the money,"Only a few sticks in- so we'll see. So many great ratings that I was excited to try them. The few that I've had were inconsistent in flavor stick to stick- some leathery, some earthy and flinty, others had a sweet tobacco tinge. As Forest Gump said, ""You never know what you're going to get."" Despite the inconsistency, I enjoyed them all so far. Consistent for this bundle was the color, well made, a bit tight on the draw- but, nice burn ash to band. Perhaps my hopes were a bit higher than they should have been- like watching an 'OK' movie your friends were raving about.
In the end, though, I'm not disappointed so far. Good daily smoke for the money."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,4 out of 5,Nice change,Very nice smoke. I'm partial to full body but these are a nice distraction from the usual. Well built and a good burn. Well worth the money
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,5 out of 5,Knock offs,"A good every day smoke, burns even and is very mellow.
I give it a thumbs up"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,5 out of 5,A Great Alternative,"When you can't afford to smoke those pricey Montecristos everyday, these knock-offs are a great alternative
Great with coffee or whiskey!"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,4 out of 5,CI knock offs,These are long fill and very enjoyable.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,5 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,4 out of 5,Good cigar for the price,Good cigar for the price
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,5 out of 5,last order of knock offs,Very smooth cigar smokes well and burns well.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,4 out of 5,"GREAT ""golf course"" cigar for","GREAT ""golf course"" cigar for the money and for a ""knock off"" it was also very consistent in quality"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,5 out of 5,Love them!,as good as the real thing.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,4 out of 5,Not bad for a Knockoff,"My 2nd purchase at knockoff cigars and found them better than expected. Not as satisfying as my usual 5Vegas, but pretty good second, and cheaper."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,3 out of 5,fair,fair
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,4 out of 5,Great everyday cigar to keep in the humidor.,"Great everyday cigar. Some of them are rolled pretty tight. Still burns, just takes more work."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Montecristo,5 out of 5,Really GREAT,I look forward to each one. They are mild and flavorful. Just as good as a Montechristo any day.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,4 out of 5,good everyday smoke,"this a very good everyday cigar, very nice draw and smoke."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,5 out of 5,Great smoke for the money.,"Great smoke for the money. Good even burn, solid flavor all the way through. Will definitely buy again."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,5 out of 5,These are great.,These are great.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,4 out of 5,knockoffs,"good smoke, even burn for everyday stick."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,5 out of 5,Smoooooth,Smoooooth
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,5 out of 5,Great every day stick,"Good flavor, burns nice and evenly. Slow burn and no duds after a few re-orders either. Definitely will continue to order and enjoy."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,4 out of 5,One of my favorites,I really enjoy them. I like them better than more expensive brands.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,4 out of 5,Good value for money - smooth,very good value for money. Smooth for an every day smoke. I enjoyed it a lot.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,5 out of 5,Best ever,"Taste is as good or better than the real Partagas keeps a good ash, had one over 2.5 “ before it came off. The smoke time for me lasted over an hour. You can’t beat the price. I share one with friends all the time."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,5 out of 5,More Please!,I want more! Great smoke for this price and almost any other! Disappointed they are almost always on backorder!
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,3 out of 5,Too Tight,"Tight. Too tight to enjoy, other than that ok. Had to skewer them to smoke at all. Not the way for a cigar to be. I will be trying the Churchill, hope it is better. Taste, smoke OK."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,5 out of 5,Good smoke at ok price,Good smoke at ok price
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,4 out of 5,Great value smoke,"Bought these on sale for a buck and a half a stick, I thought I would try them. Pleasantly surprised by the burn and flavor, great smoke for the price. Might have found my go to cigar for everyday smoke."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,3 out of 5,They're a good smoke for,They're a good smoke for the price.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,4 out of 5,Good...,"Smoke one on the day of delivery. The draw was smooth and flavorful. Looking forward to smoke them after a few months in my humidor. If you’ve had authentic Partagas, this smoke is an surprisingly good second."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,5 out of 5,Great Flavor at a Fantastic Price,These were absolutely awesome and a fantastic price. Will but them again if they ever come off backorder. Highly Recommend these.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,5 out of 5,the best for the price,super good. best taste for the price. hard to tell apart from a partagas.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,5 out of 5,Great Partagas knock off🤙🏽,Great daily smoke! If you like Partagas cigars you’ll like these. Nice Toothy wrapper; looks and tastes like Cameroon. Nice draw with a smooth taste that evolves nicely as you start to reach the nub! Highly recommend!
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,5 out of 5,Very enjoyable smoke. Have enjoyed,Very enjoyable smoke. Have enjoyed them on the boat and the beach. Long smoke and stays smooth all the way.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,5 out of 5,My Secret is OUT!,"Love me some Partagas, #2 and Black are my Fav's however these gems are now my go to everyday cigar. Hand'em out to others that enjoy a good cigar as well. They will love them. Corona is a fast burn but works well to squeeze them in on a busy day. Quit buying them so CI won't run out for me to buy. ENJOY!"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,3 out of 5,A good smoke for the,A good smoke for the golf course.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,5 out of 5,yay..........,"nice smoke, don't buy it ..........leaves more for me ! Hah!"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,5 out of 5,CI Knockoffs,Decent smoke
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,5 out of 5,"CI beats JR Cigars in this area, badly!","Ci runs out of these from time to time. One of these times I decided to get some from JR cigars. I have this to say, “STOP RUNNING OUT!” CI has them beat so bad it’s like comparing a BB to an ICBM! These are a really good smoke. They are a fast burn, but if you want a cheaper alternative for an everyday cigar, this is it. Partega makes a good cigar and I won’t cheapen that fact, but this is a great second. Solution? Stock up when they have them, if you like partisans."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Very good cigars for the price
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,4 out of 5,Nice every day smoker and,Nice every day smoker and great to share.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,5 out of 5,Great comparison,"I've been smoking Partagas for years lots of them, these are close in comparison. I like them alot."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,3 out of 5,ok,ok
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,5 out of 5,excellent for the price,excellent for the price
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,5 out of 5,No better deal!,"My absolute favorite everyday smoke....whether I’m fishing, or sitting in my garage these are my go to sticks."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,5 out of 5,good flavor and nice even,good flavor and nice even burn
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,5 out of 5,Awesome smoke for the price!,Great cigar for the days you don’t want to burn your expensive batch.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,3 out of 5,"For the price, not a","For the price, not a bad stick, much more pepper than Partagas"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,5 out of 5,CI knockoff Partagas,Excellent value. Taste at the beginning has a nice solid earthy tobacco flavor. Deeper in there is more of a pepper flavor. Nice draw throughout. Perfect cigar for me myself and I while I listen to some tunes on my deck.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,5 out of 5,Knock offs,A Good all around everyday smoke
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,5 out of 5,Great,Great price and great smoke for what you buy?
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,5 out of 5,CI Knock Offs - Partagas Robusto,"This has become my everyday go to when I have a short time to enjoy a smoke. They smoke well and are just the medium full body I like. I have bought them twice and plan on buying them again.
Did I forget to mention the great price and value?
There, I did."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,5 out of 5,Excellent,I have been smoking cigars for about 45 years. The taste is excellent with no after juce even when I smok down too an inch or less. Great job CI. PS the price is great
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,4 out of 5,Pretty good,They werepretty good but the seaw was little tough on many of them.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,3 out of 5,CI Knockoffs,Good every day cigar. Not bad for the price
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,5 out of 5,Awesome smoke!,Very robust smoking experience.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,5 out of 5,CI knockoffs,They were right they do compare to partigas. I will continue to fill my humidor with them
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,4 out of 5,Partaga knockoffs,Found them to be quite similar to the real thing and will be buying more in the future...
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,5 out of 5,Better than I hoped for.,"Solid construction, firm but not too tight. Good draw, great flavor. Nice wrapper. Not a Partagas but still a very good cigar. Will purchase more of these."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,5 out of 5,Awesome,Great smoke for the price. An everyday winner!!!!!!
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,5 out of 5,CI Partagas knockoff,Arrived on time and fresh
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,5 out of 5,CI knock-offs,Cohiba knock-offs. No knock-offs. They are the real deal. Top shelf. Pinky up my friend. CI does it again. Tip of the hat my friends!😎
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,5 out of 5,"These are really, really good!","Full of flavor! Sorta spicy, strong, kinda earthy.. these are better than a lot of top shelf smokes I get, I can see why these are backordered all the time."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,3 out of 5,"decent smoke, decent value,would buy","decent smoke, decent value,would buy again."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Partagas,3 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar. Not very complex. Cheap. May buy again but I doubt it.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,4 out of 5,Great substitute.,Great substitute.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,5 out of 5,Pretty close,"Nothings gonna beat the real thing, but for the price this comes pretty close to the real thing. Well made, smoke good, no construction flaws. Will definitely buy again."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,3 out of 5,Ok,Ok
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,5 out of 5,Almost as good as the real deal,These R & J knockoffs have a great flavor with a wonderful profile. They smoke much better than their price point would indicate.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,5 out of 5,A Mark of Perfection...,"First off, the CI is very well constructed allowing for an even burn, the mark of a fine cigar. As to the smoke itself, quality in every puff, truly 100% enjoyable."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,5 out of 5,"Great smoke, great price.","Great smoke, great price."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,5 out of 5,Perfect,Perfect
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,5 out of 5,Great smokes,"Save money, buy these,! The draw is good and the flavor is good as well. I will not hesitate on purchasing these again."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,5 out of 5,Great cigars,Great cigars
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,4 out of 5,They were good,I very much enjoyed them
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,4 out of 5,I just ordered this one,"I just ordered this one again after smoking 20 of them. They are very consistent, great burn and a reliable every day stick for me!"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,4 out of 5,Great cigars for cheap,These cigars are great for everyday use
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,4 out of 5,Great,"The Knock offs were very good, especially for the price!!"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,5 out of 5,"Ci knock-offs, Romeo’s","The cigar is tasteful, nice burn, they taste just like the real thing! Great everyday work cigar."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,5 out of 5,CI Knock-Offs,"Excellent value, great smoke, nice draw, consistent from start to finish. Close your eyes, lean back and enjoy."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,4 out of 5,While i don't normally smoke,While i don't normally smoke RyJ these are fine daily cigar
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,5 out of 5,excellent,excellent
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,5 out of 5,Great value!,Great value!
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,5 out of 5,Great taste descent draw great,Great taste descent draw great every day cigar for the price
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,4 out of 5,good,Not a bad stick for knockin out outdoor work. Or everyday messing around. Good with coffee soda whatever. Would buy again.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,5 out of 5,Price is right,"I like all of the CI KNOCKOFFS.
decent qualìty & low cost"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,5 out of 5,"Smooth, Mild, Tasty!","Great smoke! Smooth and mild, but full of flavor. Will definitely be getting these again."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,4 out of 5,This was a good smoke.,This was a good smoke.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,5 out of 5,Nice,Great burn taste great
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,4 out of 5,Very good knock-off from CI,"It's not quite the Romeo y Julietta version, it's very close in my opinion. The savings makes up for the minor difference in taste and smoothness. I'll likely buy these again unless I come across something else I like better at a similar price."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,5 out of 5,Good buy,Good knock off of the Romeo y Julieta Bullys.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,5 out of 5,Tasty,Great smoke 90% burn good some not so go but everyday smoke
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,5 out of 5,USEFULWHEN NEED IT,as ecpected very nice smoke i enjoy it
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,5 out of 5,Miller Time,Great for a daily smoke or two. The price is right.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,5 out of 5,GREAT DEAL GREAT CIGAR,A great cigar for a low price.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,3 out of 5,Robusto,"Just ok.....a few good ones, some dry and cracked, some tight to draw. Not my favorites."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,5 out of 5,Ci knockoffs,This has become my favorite cigar!! I love the flavor and aroma. For the price it’s the best deal-it’s my everyday go to cigar even for company
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,3 out of 5,Good golf stick,Good golf stick
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,4 out of 5,Awesome tasting,Awesome tasting
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,5 out of 5,Great smoke for the price.,Great smoke for the price.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,4 out of 5,Knock offs,Great cigar for the price..
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,4 out of 5,They are a cheap smoke but still pretty good,I didn't give 5 stars just because some of them have a terrible draw but they are still a pretty good smoke for the money and I would definitely recommend them to friends.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,4 out of 5,For the price they are,For the price they are not bad.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,4 out of 5,OK,OK
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,4 out of 5,Vi como to Romeo,Pretty good
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,5 out of 5,my favorite,"tried many different ones, always go back to these. price and flavor."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,4 out of 5,"Awesome cigar, awesome experience","This is a great smoke. Smooth, nice undertones and even burn. This is my daily favorite. Recommended!"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,4 out of 5,Fine value,"These gave a good draw, and burned fairly evenly - so that's all to the good! Only drawback is that the ends tended to fragment, leaving one to spit out tobacco crumbs. Still, the smoke is good, the price is good - I'll buy again."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,3 out of 5,Ok cigar,"It's ok, a little harsh smoke but ok"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,4 out of 5,Excellent cigar for the price!,Excellent cigar for the price!
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,4 out of 5,1875 watch out!,Close..very close to the 1875. For the price this is a very good cigar.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,5 out of 5,"Great smoke, Great price","Great smoke, Great price"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,5 out of 5,Love them,I love these cigars. Almost identical to Romeos but for an amazing price. They’re the perfect cigar for me.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,4 out of 5,R&J Bully Knock Offs,OK for the price
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to Romeo y Julieta,4 out of 5,Good smokes,"Almost as good as Romeos, much better price."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,4 out of 5,Great cigar for the price.,Great cigar for the price.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,4 out of 5,Appropriate,Great inexpensive smoke
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,3 out of 5,I didn't know that they,I didn't know that they were torpedoes. But the draw was fine
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,5 out of 5,Great daily stick!,Great daily stick!
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,4 out of 5,Not what I was expecting.,I was expecting a longer larger grade cigar but I was not disappointed with the quality. I'll read more carefully in the future.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,5 out of 5,taste great for the value,taste great for the value
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,5 out of 5,One of the besr,"Great cigar, very mild and smooth"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,4 out of 5,"Great everyday, for a low price","Not a bad one yet, smooth, good burn, nice draw!"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,5 out of 5,CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,"Excellent mid cigar. Smooth draw, even burn."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,5 out of 5,"Smooth ""knock-offs!""","VERY HAPPY with these! Smooth, even burning and a great price...will order these again."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,5 out of 5,Can’t beat it for the,Can’t beat it for the price.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,5 out of 5,Good .05 cent cigar,Good inexpensive smoke
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,5 out of 5,Awesome Cigars,Awesome cigars
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,3 out of 5,"Good smoke, decent flavor, sub-standard wrapper","So I continue to buy these cigars, because I often smoke them while driving road trips, and don't mind if I don't get to finish them for the cost. Flavor is usually good, consistent, fairly mild. Holds a good burn, firm solid head without falling all over the place. My only complaint is the wrapper... They're constantly splitting/peeling about 1/3 to 1/2 into the cigar, on more than 3/4 of the pack, on every pack. I just usually put up with it and keep smoking, but sometimes it gets annoying. I know it's not my humidor, because these are the only ones that happens with. I keep my humidor just about 70%, with the temp rarely getting over 75 degrees.
So, in closing, they're a good smoke, and good value, just don't be surprised if you have trouble with the wrappers. I'd buy them again (and will)."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,4 out of 5,Good Cigars for a Great Price,Great value cigars that are not too mild and have a consistent flavor throughout the smoke.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,5 out of 5,White Label knock offs,Really good smoke - I can't tell the difference from the original!
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,4 out of 5,Very good,"Most knock-offs are just OK. After a little while in the box, these were a pleasant surprise. I will buy again."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,5 out of 5,Very nice everyday cigar,A good cigar at the end of the day.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,4 out of 5,CI Knockoffs,"Really enjoyed smooth smoke, great buy for the money!"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,4 out of 5,Smooth Good Burning,For a Knock Off I was impressed with the smooth taste and the burn has been exceptional. Very good for a round off golf or on the lake bass fishing.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,3 out of 5,Knockoff Quality-White Label,"Have had the cigars for over a week and still can't keep them lit. I buy them to smoke them, not re-light again and again. The cigars should be in a smokable condition upon receipt.
Not weeks later when you finally find the right humidity balance. Won't purchase again."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,5 out of 5,Very good cigar,Very good cigar
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,4 out of 5,Knock off White Label,Every bit as good as the Mac Hyde Park
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,3 out of 5,They are good smokes. Nice,"They are good smokes. Nice draw, medium flavor and very good value."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,5 out of 5,Quite nice cigar for the,Quite nice cigar for the price
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,5 out of 5,Great smoke that I don't mind sharing with friends,"Can my friends tell the difference between this cigar and the real thing? Nope. Can I tell? Ehhh, maybe. Am I going to buy more? Absolutely. I'm also going to order some of the other knock offs."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,5 out of 5,Love these!,"Highly recommend these to anyone who like a mellow body, smooth draw light cigar. I have purchase quite a few samplers and tried quite a few cigars in the past year or so and these i will definitely purchase again. Great buy!"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,5 out of 5,Mild,I've smoked these before and found them very gratifying. They are very mild and have a good ash. They are easy to keep lit and have a good taste to the end.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,5 out of 5,Enjoyable smoke,Enjoyable smoke
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,4 out of 5,Smooth Smoke,This knock off seems as though the only thing keeping it from being a 95 cigar is that there is no label on it. Smooth smoke and burns nicely.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,4 out of 5,Good value,"These are pretty good, although I’ve had a few with tough draw. That happens though, and doesn’t feel as bad as your $15 cigar that won’t smoke right! I think I prefer the montecristo knockoffs a bit more. The pyramide shape is great."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,4 out of 5,Good every day cigar,Good every day cigar
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,4 out of 5,Very good.,Very good.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,"Can't beat any of ""CI-Knock offs"" for the $. Great golf course smoke to share with your buddies and not go broke."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,4 out of 5,They were close but not as good,"Still waiting for,,, CI KNOCK-OFFs Thank You"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,5 out of 5,We liked them,The man thought they were very much like the original and had good flavor
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,5 out of 5,Good cigar,"Sometimes buying a knock-off can be a disappointment. Not in this case.
Draws easily and burns evenly. Great smoke, great price! I will buy again."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,5 out of 5,GOOD BUY !!,GOOD BUY !!
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,2 out of 5,"Good construction, but harsh tasting.","Excellent construction and draw. Evenly burn. However, they were more harsh and full bodied than White label. I did not enjoy them. Bad taste."
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,5 out of 5,very good cigar,"well made, good value"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,5 out of 5,Smooth!,Smooth!
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,3 out of 5,As good as expected,They were not as good but a good substitute for a good price
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,4 out of 5,Knock-Off Churchill Cigar was well,"Knock-Off Churchill Cigar was well constructed; nice draw; nice tasting wrapper;
Smoke equally as good as quality as White Label Good enjoyable smoke"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,5 out of 5,Excellent,CI knockoffs has been my every day cigar for many years since a buddy's turned me on to them. I like the macanudos the best but the white labels are very good as well.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,5 out of 5,CI White Label Piramide Review,"I have only smoked one cigar and it was great. Based on taste and quality, had I not known, I would have thought it was the real thing. I love the white label cigars and could only smoke one on a special occasion due to the costs. Now I can enjoy them on a regular basis. Thank you CI"
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,5 out of 5,Pleasant smoke,Very enjoyable cigars. Good construction. Long leaf. Great value for the price.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,2 out of 5,Not great,I see no similarities with the white label.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,5 out of 5,Brian M.,Very good smoke. I would recommend to anyone.
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,3 out of 5,Good Smoke,Good stogie for the $ and excellent daily smoke
CI Knock-Offs - Compare to White Label,5 out of 5,Knock-Offs a knockout,"I've liked several of the knockoffs, I think one was a disappointment, but the fairly recent addition of the White Label knockoffs has become my favorite cigar. Was disappointed that the Pyramide style was out of stock last time I ordered, but tried the Toro, and it's every bit as good."
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,4 out of 5,Good Smoke,Good smoke for the Price . AJ always good quality
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Great 💨,Great 💨
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Awesome,Awesome
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,AJ Fernandez Legends,Great Smoke
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"Smooth even draw. Nice taste all the way.
A favorite."
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Legends by AJ Fernandez,"Truely a smokers choice, long lasting draw with notes of slight pepper and leather, draw nito compex lasting joy knowing your truly smoking one of the finest blends from a master. HK"
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,4 out of 5,Good smoking,Good smoking
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,4 out of 5,Legends,Another excellent mid-bodied cigar by AJF
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,4 out of 5,Beezer,"The cigar is pretty good, but not as good as some others. The legend is not a legend for me"
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,3 out of 5,Have them a try,I have smoked the CI Legends from drew estate and love them. I tried these and they were decent towards the middle. For me they started off harsh and ended the same way. But of course this is my opinion.
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,3 out of 5,pretty good,good. couple wrappers seemed pretty thin and came loose on first two. but didn't let set in humidor. better now....
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,2 out of 5,🤷🏽‍♂️,So so smoke
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,As Good As It Gets,"These cigars would measure up to those costing much more with a name brand on the band. A rich, flavorful beautifully constructed cigar well worth the price."
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,4 out of 5,Not a bad smoke. Burns,Not a bad smoke. Burns well and great taste. Like most of AJ Fernandez cigars.
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Great cigars great price,"Speedy delivery
Great cigars great price"
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,4 out of 5,Good smokes!,Good smokes!
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,4 out of 5,AJ does not disappoint,Nice smoke. Will definitely purchase more.
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Good everyday stick.,Good everyday stick.
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,3 out of 5,Not bad,For the price it's great. AJ always makes a nice blend. A more medium body than anything but still smooth till the end
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,CI LEGEND by AJ,Best value on the planet. Anything AJ at this price is money well spent! Won’t be disappointed!!
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,3 out of 5,Not a bad cigar,Good for the golf course
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,2 out of 5,Disappointed,"Exspected with the AJ name on it be have a better quality....
3 out of 5 were hard to draw..."
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,"C I Legends by A,J, Fernandez",I thought it was a Good Cigar and my son and his Buddies love them. I have seen the Legends from about ten other makers names and had planned to try them all. You can save me some time if you tell me is they are all basically the same.
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Great Cigar!,Overall I think this is a great cigar for the price. It had a nice even burn and was an enjoyable cigar out on the golf course.
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Love them!,"My first time out with these CI Legends (Toro)'s from AJ. It was a good smoke and smooth draw.
Solid wrapper, smooth burn and won't break the bank.
I only bought a 5 pack, wish I had bought more!"
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,4 out of 5,Pretty good stick,"What do you expect from AJ other than a good smoking experience? This works as a good budget stick from the man, the myth, and the legend. So the name is fitting."
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,SMOOTH,"I'm not a huge cigar smoker but I do know what a good cigar is and this one falls into the GOOD cigar category. I have yet to have an issue with the way it burns, taste or construction. Can't go wrong"
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,4 out of 5,A solid stick for the price,"Solid wrapper, smooth burn, and won't break the bank. You won't get some of the flavors that AJ is known for but a solid cigar nonetheless."
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,3 out of 5,Not sure on this one,"Usually I'd give anything from AJ a 5 star rating. These unfortunately didn't hit the mark. I had several with draw issues, even after sitting in the humi for a while. One smoked well, the others so far have been 1 note smokes. Not that I am giving up on AJ, I have enjoyed every other stick from his collection. Maybe I just got a bad bundle."
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,CI Legends by AJ FFernandez,I have smoked these beauties before and they are still fantastic!
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,The Legends continue...,"I am a huge fan of the CI Legends line- and histically have a ready supply of Drew Estate in the humidor. AJ’s expression does not disappoint in ANY way and is a great next step for the cigar smoker who loves a more mild experience, and isn’t into a full bodied Maduro stick yet. I started my journey into cigars within the last year, and have thus far stuck with Drew Legend, Man O’ War Virtue, and Acid Blondie- these AJ Legends and a great stick to put into the rotation. Thanks CI for having so many options and reviews to help guide newbies like me!"
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Luv them,Want to tast more of the different types of legend cigar
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,3 out of 5,"Not my flavor, but good","Good burn, good stick, just not my flavor."
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,3 out of 5,Missed the Mark,"I expected a lot out of this cigar after having AJs New World and Hoyo Amistad. The AJ Legend starts off on a positive note with good flavor and burn. However, halfway through when it is supposed to get better, the flavor drops out and its like smoking a hollow leaf. 2 buddies that shared a smoke with me also confirmed the same thing. I think I'll stick with Drew Estate Legend. Disappointed!"
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,4 out of 5,A good everyday smoke.,"I was looking for something to replace Morro Castle, which for some reason AJ discontinued, these are close!"
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,4 out of 5,Good cigar at a good,Good cigar at a good price
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"I only bought a five pack because I had never tried them. I wish I'd bought more, they are a medium body to start and get full bodied towards the end. Perfect construction."
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Very Good Cigar,"Typical AJ Fernandez cigar. Excellent construction, smooth draw, great flavor"
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Can't beat the price vs. quality,Enjoyable
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,3 out of 5,Good cigar,"Good cigar, a little overpriced for taste."
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,4 out of 5,Tasty sticks,Worth the price. Deeeeelicious! Will buy again soon.
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,CI Legends AJ Fernandez.,What can I say. AJ nailed it again with these. AWESOME
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,"Great cigar for the price. One of my favorites. Smooth draw, sharp burn, billowy smoke."
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,3 out of 5,No too bad,Good smoke but lack flavor.
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Great tasting stick,I have tried about five of the legends this by far my favorite for taste and consistency
CI Legends by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Ciaj Fernandez,An excellent Cigar for the money I am very satisfied with that
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Nice!,"Really nice smoke from Drew Estate, highly recommend"
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,drwe,love them
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,drew,love them
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,CI Legends,This is a great mid range cigar and it's mild a hint of sweetness. Great value
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,"Great cigar, slow, smooth burn,","Great cigar, slow, smooth burn, one of my go to cigars from now on"
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Great everyday cigar..love it,Great everyday cigar..love it
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Awesome,Very smooth with just the right flavor!
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,My favorite drew cigar great,My favorite drew cigar great smoke at any time with morning coffee or evening scotch
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,2nd favorite close to the,2nd favorite close to the Cafe Con Ltchee.
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Nice,Nice
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,"Mild and sweet, good quality. Always a pleasure. People often stop to tell me how good it smells, even people who tell me they don’t like the smell of cigars. I offer one to folks and quite a few take them and note the source."
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,New to the Cigar World,"I bought a CI Legends sampler pack, this was the first cigar out of the pack I tried. I have a sweet tooth for desserts, coffee, liquor, and moonshine, so trying this first was a good experience. I didn't look up any of the cigars until after I tried them, this cigar lived up to it's description. I have since had the Black version and it's just as good. If you enjoy a mild, flavorful cigar, this one you should enjoy."
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Smooth smoke,Great cigar for the price. Very good burn and smooth smoke.
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,great deal,"easy draw with a mild flavor for a great price, can't go wrong"
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Tasty Smoke,I'v been buying these for years. Very tasty smoke from start to finish.
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Good mellow smoke with a,Good mellow smoke with a sweet taste. My kids think Im smoking hot chocolate. This is one of my go to stogies.
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,My favorite,The Copper label is my all time favorite.
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,My All Time Favorite!!!,Drew Estates and CI knocked it out of the park with this one!! Will definitely be back for more!!
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Excellent every day cigar,Excellent medium strength hint of sweetness cigar. My new every day go to cigar.
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,"Good, consistent smoke.","Good, consistent smoke."
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,CI Legends,Great cigar. Definitely my go to smoke.
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Excellent cigars! Definitely some of,Excellent cigars! Definitely some of my favorites
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"The Drew Legend is a fine cigar Moderate strength, good taste all the way to the end, smooth draw and compares to several Cubans I've smoked for three times the price!
MP Sullivan"
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Excellent cigars for the price,Excellent cigars for the price you pay for a box
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Loved these,Loved these
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,EXCELENT,My favorite cigar by far
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
CI Legends by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,My all-time favorite!,My all-time favorite!
CI Legends by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,Very good will be ordering,Very good will be ordering again
CI Legends by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,Nice smoke,"Nice smoke, a little pricey but smokes well"
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Mellow Spoke,A very light mellow smoke with a sweet tasting wrapper. A perfect afternoon cigar.
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Drew Estates Does it Again,"I am a loyal Drew Estates fan since I had my first Acid Cigar many years ago. The CI Legends cigar continues in that tradition of a flavorful, smooth, outstanding smoke. A good 45 minutes from beginning to end. Sweet wrapper, fantastic aroma and a great taste. What more can you ask for ??"
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Good Smoke,fairly inexpensive good flavor
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Fantastic break from the norm...,"Lives up to the hype and has such a wonderful aroma and huge volumes of white floating smoke, burn was consistent and the draw was smooth throughout the length with just enough resistance. Wanna mix things up occasionally? Then Try these."
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Awesome stick,I love the flavor and hint of sweet. Everyone I share with has since bought them also. Great smoke
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,One of the better cigars,One of the better cigars I've had. Great on my deck at night with drink
CI Legends by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,Nice,"I've enjoyed these a lot, mild and not overly flavored, although unlit smell is German chocolate cake. The black version has not fared as well; poorly constructed and wrapped too tight for much draw at all."
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Infused CI classic. Great value.,Infused CI classic. Great value.
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Great as always,Great as always
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Legends,Great cigar for the price. Smokes similar to Drew Estate’s Acid Blue series but cost half the price. Definitely recommend if you are a fan of any Drew Estate cigars
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,True legacy,Very mild And excellent taste it’s a great cigar. I hope they go on sale again.
CI Legends by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,Great construction and taste,Great construction and taste
CI Legends by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,Solid stick,"Well made cigar that smokes beautifully, but you need to be prepared for its sweet, sugar-dipped wrapper. Startling at first, but a nice change of pace."
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,CI Legend review,"Nice smoke, smooth, with a great sweet taste all the way to the end."
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Love them,Great cigar
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Excellent taste and value,Excellent taste and value
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Burns good,Burns good
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Just a great medium cigar,Just a great medium cigar that always burns well
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Legends,Both the legends and legends black are great cigars
CI Legends by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Awesome Cigars,"Really awesome cigars that are smooth and pleasant to smoke. The Legends, have become my EDS. I highly recommend The Legends, to anyone who enjoys an unconventional, infused type of cigar. Smoke hardily my friends...Be Eazy...One!"
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,4 out of 5,Great sticks for the value!,Great sticks for the value!
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,5 out of 5,Good stick!,CI/Drew Estate with another good collaboration. Great addition to the Legends group. Smooth smoke. Highly recommend.
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,5 out of 5,This is my new favorite,This is my new favorite cigar by Drew Estate!
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,5 out of 5,Awesome Cigar,Found this to be my favorite coffee cigar yet and I’ve been smoking cigars for about 15 years. Kind of a cross between Kuba Kuba acid and a Big Juicy natural from Drew Estate. For me the best of both flavors comes through in this new cigar!!! Loved it enough to bye a box the following week to make sure I have them on hand.
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,4 out of 5,Very nice smoke with lots,Very nice smoke with lots of flavor
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,4 out of 5,Nice cigar. Would buy again.,Nice cigar. Would buy again.
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,5 out of 5,Nice touch of sweetness yet,Nice touch of sweetness yet stands up to a glass of WhistlePig nicely
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,4 out of 5,Would buy for beginners that like dark sticks,"Good for what it is
Deep rich infused cigar
Nice packaging
Slow burn
Not the best wrapper construction
Great smells and taste though
Warning, tip is sweet."
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,4 out of 5,Good slow burn and very,Good slow burn and very smooth
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,4 out of 5,"Nice cigar, a little on","Nice cigar, a little on the sweet side but wanted to try it"
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,5 out of 5,"Excellent smoke, will purchase again","Excellent smoke, will purchase again"
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,4 out of 5,Bang for the buck,"This a fairly smooth cigar. Good smoke output, but very mild flavor. Good construction with an even burn. It has a sweetened tip that is pleasant every once an awhile. Definitely not an every day smoke."
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,5 out of 5,"Great tasting cigar, great price!","Great tasting cigar, great price!"
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,5 out of 5,Provided a mellow summer treat.,Provided a mellow summer treat.
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,5 out of 5,Smooth infused cigar. Delicious from,Smooth infused cigar. Delicious from begiining to finish.
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,5 out of 5,Love them,Love them
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,5 out of 5,MDC,Sweet taste. Robust with a good draw
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,5 out of 5,Awesome,"I don't always go for infused cigars, but if you are in the mood for something really different, if you need a shakeup in your stable of cigars, this will punch that ticket. Well made, high quality, even burn, a very unusual but interesting smoke."
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,5 out of 5,Great,Great
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,4 out of 5,That was unexpected!,"As a copper label Legends fan, I was looking forward to a darker, richer version of the copper label. Well it's not anywhere close to the flavor profile, it has the smell and taste very much like the ACID Kuba Kuba Maduro. This is not a bad thing if you're a fan, I was just expecting something more along the line of the original. Still, the construction was great, fantastic smoke output and long burn time, and all in all a good smoke. CIs shipping and packaging is top notch as always and I received my order just days later."
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,5 out of 5,Legends black,Great cigar
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,4 out of 5,This is a awesome cigar...,This is a awesome cigar...
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,4 out of 5,Vernon,"Great smoke, good flavor. I shared with my friends at our thirsty Thursday smoke and all said they enjoyed the cigar. We all had to relight a few times but no big deal.
The packaging is a little tough to get into, but their definitely sealed. I will buy again."
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,5 out of 5,"a smooth smoking cigar, goes","a smooth smoking cigar, goes great with a glass of brandy"
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,4 out of 5,Love them,Love them
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,5 out of 5,liked,easy draw with a mild flavor
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,5 out of 5,Best infused cigar I’ve had.,I’m always in the mood for this one.
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,5 out of 5,Taste Great,"Great flavor, smooth draw, nice and enjoyable cigar."
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,5 out of 5,Been a fan of drew,Been a fan of drew estate legends for years and this black label takes a classic and raises it to another level
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,4 out of 5,Smooth & Flavorable,"Infused flavor is not overpowering, draws well till about have smoked, then becomes difficult to keep lit and draw become difficult. This said I enjoyed the overall experience."
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,5 out of 5,This cigar is truly a,"This cigar is truly a “sweet” surprise. From a much longer smooth burn than expected, to a savory taste and smell which those I have shared with described as a unique. This cigar is worth trying. A great cigar, smooth, long burning and no after taste. A Drew Estate Star. P.S., women love this also!"
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,5 out of 5,Flavored,Love the lions dale shape. Churchill length but not so thick. Flavor as good as Irish Hops.
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,5 out of 5,Great flavor and great smoke.,Great flavor and great smoke.
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,4 out of 5,Great Regular Smoke,Great dark cigar with a full body and good flavoring. I did feel it drew nicely but the last 1/3 it struggled a little to stay lit nicely.
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,5 out of 5,Fantastic,One of the best ever smoked
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,4 out of 5,Good smoke,I really enjoyed this flavorful cigar. It was nice from start to finish. I only wish it came in a Corona or Torpedo size.
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,4 out of 5,Nice flavor,Nice flavor
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,5 out of 5,Drew Estate Black,Great stick ! Nice draw .. nice aroma . Not harsh on the palate at all . Rich and deep flavored like described
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,5 out of 5,Good for the price,Nice burn good taste not to sweet
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,4 out of 5,Tasty smoke,I like the flavor of these but the outer wrapper is poorly constructed on 2-5 sticks in every 5 pack I buy.
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,5 out of 5,A very good an smooth,A very good an smooth smoke
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,4 out of 5,Tasty and smooth,Tasty and smooth
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,5 out of 5,My New Favorite Cigar!,The best new cigar out there!!!!
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,4 out of 5,Tasty and light,Drew Estate has done it again!!!
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,4 out of 5,Legends Black,"Nice mild smoke with lots of flavor.
Burns well for the most part. Sometimes it’s difficult to keep it lit when you are down to the last quarter of the Cigar.
Don’t like that every time I order a box I 4 each 5-paks in cellophane Wrapping"
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,5 out of 5,Good Stick,Don’t smoke a lot of flavored cigars but this one is just right!
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,4 out of 5,nice,tasty
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,4 out of 5,👍,👍
CI Legends by Drew Estate Black,4 out of 5,Sour then Sweet,I was so excited to get this I pulled one out of the pack and smoked it right away. To be honest I was somewhat disappointed. It’s very flowery and almost spicy. As I met them sit in my humidor at 73%...The cigar became very smooth and I actually like it a lot. The size throws me off a bit as it is very small in my hands but actually a really good cigar. Just make sure you bring the moisture up and it’s a winner.
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,"First got these as a free shipping item, and reordered more later on"
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,Great cigars. Great service. Great,Great cigars. Great service. Great deals.
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,4 out of 5,Carrillo experience,"A nice middle of the EP Carrillo cigar flavor. Not great , but really good. A nice after dinner smoke."
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,legends,satisfying
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,4 out of 5,Nice tasting Cigar,Nice tasting Cigar
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,4 out of 5,Great value everyday stick.,"Pretty good stick, had some uneven burn around the middle of the smoke but easily touched up. I paired this with a peppery spicy Bloody Mary and it was a great compliment to the beverage. This will be a “top shelf” humidor stick that is a sharer; I keep my more expensive sticks on the bottom."
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,My favorite,The best cigar for my taste.
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,4 out of 5,Carrillo ‘Legends’ Cigar,"Good smoke, though not tightly rolled for me!"
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,4 out of 5,legends,legends
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,4 out of 5,Very nice but not as,"Very nice but not as good as
Drew Estates"
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,Excellent Service Superior Smokes,Thank you for your turn around and delivery time. Your selection is superior and bets any smoke shop in the country.
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,Satisfied Customer,Cigars we're received on time and in good condition!
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,Wish I would have bought more,"Bought these to test them out, ended up being my favorite. I’m not the only one I guess, cuz wouldn’t you know, they are now on backorder. Should’ve bought more. Let me know when they come back in."
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,3 out of 5,Cigars,Only have smoked two first one was good second one not so good burned hot lousy draw could not finish the whole cigar hoping for better results
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,Great Customer Service,"The postal service delivered the package to the wrong house and they never got here, so I explained the situation to customer service and they sent a new package very quickly."
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,4 out of 5,Mild to Medium,I have bought these a few times and construction has been perfect but flavor has varied from batch to batch. They are a decent cigar that starts off mild and hits a nice medium body by the end. Not super complex cigar but not a one note cigar either.
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,Top 3,"I ordered all 9 of the CI Legends cigars to compare them all and the ones by Carrillo were in the top 2 maybe top 3 at worst. Truly nice. Way better than the AJs, Perdomo, and Olivas...crazy huh? Well try them for yourself."
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,1 out of 5,Ones and never againe,"the worst Cigar I ever try to smoke, all stems and no leaves,try to light over 10 times with out luck, I send them to the Wastebasket, not worth a cent,waste of money ,not even ONE*."
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,4 out of 5,CI Legends EP Carillo,Mild smoke that is perfectly constructed. Nice draw and smoke from beginning to end. Picks up a little towards the end but profile stays the same for the most part.
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,decent,decent
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,my favored Cigar,I love my my Cigar with some freshly Ground and brewed Coffee and some fine french Brandy.
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,ci legends ep carrillo,Got these from my wife along with other cigars not a bad cigar to much on mild side for my taste
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,4 out of 5,Good construction,"Fairly well made, but the aroma is not good...kinda stinks. They smoke well other than that, but I would not buy again."
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,Great product,Great
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Excellent draw and flavor. Good value.
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,All Ways A Good Buy,I have yet to be disappointed with any order I've made with CI
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,Great smoke for the price,"I bought these on the MMAO page on the cheap. If I could continue to get these at that price, I would. Good burn, good flavor, mellow, good every day smoke. Consistant."
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,Jeff T,"Easy draw, mellow, no harshness. A good smoke."
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,E P Carrillo,"Whe you're 80, you like mellow-this one delivers! Like several of your other, but this is my go to!!😀😀"
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,4 out of 5,Good deal for the price,"While the pricing makes this a very good deal, I have found these smokes to be inconsistent. One can be smooth and the next one harsh. They are perfect for buddies who are always hitting you up for a cigar on the golf course."
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,E.P. Carrillo,great cigar
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Really liked this one nice smooth draw every stick awesome flavor highly recommend.
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,4 out of 5,CI Legends - E.P. Carrillo,"There's not much I don't like from EPC, and these are no exception. Very consistent in draw and flavor - they fit nicely in the Med to M/F scale."
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,AUTHENTIC!,Not just another knock-off imitation. Great Carillo taste at a price that can’t be beat. Recommended.
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,1 out of 5,Wont buy this lot again,Terrible construction. It was as if the roller used wet tobaccos that wouldn't burn evenly. The whole box. Good flavors as you would expect. But the canoeing made it an unpleasant experience.
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,A Fine Stogie,"Five-stars across the board!
Tight wrap, clean cut, great draw, even burn and flavor to match all of the above. Not too spicy, nor mellow, I found this cigar to be a perfect cap to my week. The full flavor of fresh tobacco leaf is set dancing on your pallet by the perfect blend of crisp spice notes; toasted nut, red and black pepper corn, and a hint of hazelnut.
Pairs extremely well with 'Bowmore' Small Batch Islay.
I highly recommend picking up a set of these beauties to share with close friends and family."
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,2 out of 5,"Review for CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,","Disappointed. Harsh taste for the first 1 inch of the smoke, then mellowed out. No identifiable flavor / taste. Long unpleasant after taste. Not close to the Drew estates Legends cigar. Gave a few away to some of my golfing friends with a explanation. Will NOT buy this cigar again."
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Goes great with a martini
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,E.P. Carrillo CI Legends,Well constructed with easy draw. Tasty medium strength cigar.
CI Legends by E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,Carrillo Legends,Great cigar at a great price. My new favorite in the Legends Series.
CI Legends by Graycliff,3 out of 5,Too Sweet,Too sweet for me
CI Legends by Graycliff,5 out of 5,Graycliff CI Legends,Excellent. As well-made and tasty as their higher priced offerings.
CI Legends by Graycliff,2 out of 5,Not worth the money,"Despite the quality cigar companies making these cigars they are poorly constructed and do not burn well.
Will not buy again."
CI Legends by Graycliff,3 out of 5,Good for the money,The flavor is nice but the burn is quick and the construction is lacking. But that's why they are cheaper
CI Legends by Graycliff,4 out of 5,Graycliff,"A good stogie but I prefer the ""Copper Labels"". Please restock them soon!"
CI Legends by Graycliff,4 out of 5,Similar to the 30 year aged but half the price.,"Full of flavor in the Graycliff manner. Little to no black pepper and dark earth, tobacco and cocoa flavors. Nice finish but not too long. Smooth and has nice smoke. Like this cigar a lot."
CI Legends by La Aurora,5 out of 5,Beyond phenomenal!!,"These cigars are some of the best I've ever had. They are smooth, delicious and just the right strength. I look forward to another sale to get them again!"
CI Legends by La Aurora,5 out of 5,Lot of smoke and burned,Lot of smoke and burned well
CI Legends by La Aurora,5 out of 5,"Have ordered them before, nice","Have ordered them before, nice smoke even burn no worries!"
CI Legends by La Aurora,4 out of 5,Better than average,"Burns well, holds up well to chewing, taste is inconsistent (mild or medium in taste) but still good for an everyday cigar. I would like their flavor to be more consistent."
CI Legends by La Aurora,5 out of 5,Good cigar,"Always looking for a well built, good cigar that is less expensive than the brand names. This cigar definitely fits the bill. I have been ordering this line of CI Legends for years"
CI Legends by La Aurora,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
CI Legends by La Aurora,5 out of 5,Very fine cigar----,Very fine cigar----
CI Legends by La Aurora,5 out of 5,Just a awesome cigar. I cannot find anything bad about it.,"Awesome cigar with impecable construction and flavor. Smooth medium body and sweet notes throughout. I rank this up with Partagas Black Label, Cain of any kind and La Aurora Untamed minus the pepper."
CI Legends by La Aurora,5 out of 5,Legends Rule,Tried smoking another disappointment from rocky pater tonight before tossing most of it in the fire before smoking this A+ cigar. Wow what a bargain for half the price!!
CI Legends by La Aurora,5 out of 5,Was awesome thank you,Was awesome thank you
CI Legends by La Aurora,4 out of 5,Decent tasting cigar,Liked the flavor. But loosely rolled and burned too quick. But worth a try and the money.
CI Legends by Oliva,4 out of 5,fine smoke,just what I expected from Oliva
CI Legends by Oliva,5 out of 5,Gift,He loves them. Currently his go to favorite
CI Legends by Oliva,2 out of 5,Disappointed,"So I love Oliva cigars. I have several in my humidor right now. I wanted to check this out to see if they were comparable to “O” series. The flavor was not bad, but the draw was terrible. I was like trying to drink a fresh thick milk shake through straw......like impossible. Then about 10min into the smoke the wrapping starts to flake off. This is not the normal craftsmanship I’d expect from an Oliva brand cigar. I also purchased the Drew Estate Legends cigar. They were much better. It tastes just like a fresh ACID. Smooth and sweet. I was really hoping for something more from the Oliva CI Legends. I would not recommend this product. If you want an Oliva cigar just buy from there normal selection of “o” “g” “v” series or mast blend."
CI Legends by Oliva,3 out of 5,"Good middle of the road, a bit pricey","I lucked out and picked up a box of these on MMAO. Solid cigar, med-full body, good burn (it did tunnel once or twice, but I think that was more my fault than the construction). All in all, I think if I had to pay full price for these sticks, I would opt out, on sale (a sizable sale as MSRP is $160), I'd consider it again."
CI Legends by Oliva,1 out of 5,The Opposite of Legendary,"Thought I had gotten a real bargain to try out two 5-packs on Cigarbid. I didn't know Oliva could make a cigar that tastes this bad. Construction and burn are fine, but the taste is terrible. I've had them resting in my humidor for several weeks, with no improvement. There needs to be better quality control. The cigars I received are not worthy of the name ""Legend."" These are not even worthy of smoking as yard 'gars."
CI Legends by Oliva,5 out of 5,Typical of the Oliva brand;,Typical of the Oliva brand; a great cigar
CI Legends by Oliva,4 out of 5,Smooth - Tasty,Smooth - Tasty
CI Legends by Oliva,5 out of 5,The Best,Excellent cigar. Smooth and easy to smoke.
CI Legends by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,This cigar is one of my favorites as of now. I have introduced this to many of my friends. Big hit!!
CI Legends by Oliva,4 out of 5,Typical Oliva - flavorful and good quality,"Probably my favorite smoke of the Legend series. With a flavor that is typical of Olivas, great burn and construction, and a great size, I enjoy these smokes very much. Quality cigar, at a reasonable price. Thanks, CI, for creating the Legend series."
CI Legends by Oliva,5 out of 5,Ci legend oliva,This a very smooth stick great tasting. As a full body smoker I enjoy smoking this cigar. Would highly recommend.
CI Legends by Oliva,5 out of 5,One of my go-to cigars,"Excellent Oliva product. The burn is even, the draw is easy and the cigar has a nice medium body. Great for the golf course!"
CI Legends by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great smoke...,"You see it ALL the time...."" Brand X"" at a huge discount!!! You buy that fantastic ""Too good to be true"" deal, only to find out it WAS INDEED ""Too good to be true""...............
Well... Fear not! This time it IS TRUE! I bought the Oliva legend and it is a TRUE PREIMIUM Olivia at a GREAT discount. So great in fact that you can afford to keep your humidor stuffed with the baby's!!! Great full body, smooth smoke. Buy a box............ You'll buy another........"
CI Legends by Oliva,4 out of 5,A good cheapie.,A good cheapie.
CI Legends by Oliva,5 out of 5,oliva legend truly is!,"The finest cigar i have ever smoked and i've loved cigars for over 46 years! Smooth, strong flavor with meticulous, attention toquality thru and thru. A true masterpiece of a cigar"
CI Legends by Oliva,4 out of 5,A good buy.,"If you want a good medium to full bodied cigar with a traditional Nicaraguan profile, this fits the bill."
CI Legends by Oliva,4 out of 5,Great golf course cigar,"Nice draw, even burn. Good price will definitely buy again."
CI Legends by Oliva,4 out of 5,By Oliva,"My favorite of the CI Legends line….tips are a little soft on some, but overall it’s a very enjoyable smoke."
CI Legends by Oliva,3 out of 5,CI Legends Oliva,I bought a 5 pack to test the water and was disappointed. 2 were hard draws even after poking 1 kept going out the other 2 were great. I would have expected better from oliva it's a shame because they have a great taste. Try a 5 pack first. The other CI Legends I have smoked I had no issues with.
CI Legends by Oliva,3 out of 5,Great burn and construction.,"Good construction, excellent burn. Had an awful bitter spot after the last half, then it went away at the last third. Not the most complex cigar, but worth the price if that bitter spot didn't show up. A good smoke to have on hand to pass out to your buddies who aren't regular cigar smokers at a football game or such."
CI Legends by Oliva,5 out of 5,C.I. Legends Olive,"very good cigar for the money, I will buy again"
CI Legends by Oliva,5 out of 5,Woa...,"Top notch construction , great,even draw and burn....
Well worth it ,3x over..."
CI Legends by Oliva,5 out of 5,Phils review,Very good cigar. Great value. Would buy them again
CI Legends by Oliva,4 out of 5,Neal Poway Ca,Good cigar great for working around in the yard or on the Golf course. even burn smooth from start to finish. Coffee and peppery
CI Legends by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great Flavor and Taste for a reasonable price.,"Love Oliva's to begin with. This blend is as good or better than their regular brand. Keep up the great work, C.I.!"
CI Legends by Oliva,4 out of 5,macna333,Good value
CI Legends by Oliva,4 out of 5,Oliva Legends are great!,"I pick up a pack of these every year if I see them. As always with Oliva, each stick is consistent from the first smooth draw. The flavor likewise remains good down to the last inch. They are not overly expensive, but they are premium quality for sure."
CI Legends by Oliva,4 out of 5,CI Legends Purchase,I originally wanted to order the Perdomo Legend but it was out of stock. I was very pleased with the Oliva Toro.
CI Legends by Oliva,5 out of 5,CI Legends Oliva Toro,"A solid everyday smoke, excellent taste, burn and value"
CI Legends by Oliva,3 out of 5,Just ok,Price is good but you get what you pay for.Not much flavor just ok
CI Legends by Oliva,5 out of 5,CI Legends by Oliva Toro,"Nice mix of wrappers makes this an excellent value. Cigars were well made, and no lemons in the bunch. Mine are already gone!"
CI Legends by Pepin,5 out of 5,nice,great smoak mild to medium little spice good stick
CI Legends by Pepin,4 out of 5,CI Peppin,Great smoke at a great price
CI Legends by Pepin,4 out of 5,Legends by Pepin,Nice smoke! never had a bad Pepin cigar!
CI Legends by Pepin,3 out of 5,"good smoke, good price","good smoke, good price"
CI Legends by Pepin,5 out of 5,"Very solid smoke, has the","Very solid smoke, has the body and flavor of the traditional Pepin, great price makes it a great value"
CI Legends by Perdomo,5 out of 5,Great smoke👍🏻,Great smoke👍🏻
CI Legends by Perdomo,5 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth smoke and great taste. Draw was nice and an even burn.
CI Legends by Perdomo,4 out of 5,Good I buy again,Good I buy again
CI Legends by Perdomo,5 out of 5,"great taste, burns really good","great taste, burns really good"
CI Legends by Perdomo,2 out of 5,meh,"Perdomo makes some great cigars....however, this is not one of them. The draw was a bit tight, the wrappers split, and they didn't produce much smoke...
Perhaps I got a bad 5pack, but I would not buy them again."
CI Legends by Rocky Patel,4 out of 5,Had a good smoke smell,Had a good smoke smell mild would get some more trying to get all flavors of the legends.
CI Legends by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,a great medium body cigar,a great medium body cigar
CI Legends by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,One of the BEST! With a Great Price for a top end Cigar.,"I love almost every cigar Rocky Patel‘s cigars. The Edge, and all of the different wrappers they have are like smoking a slightly different cigar each time and everyone of them is a home run. I also enjoy the CI legends by Rocky Patel. It it is not as full flavor, but, is perfect right after supper. It also has a better price point then other premium cigars."
CI Legends by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,Good Smoke,Really good smoke
CI Legends by Rocky Patel,3 out of 5,Not as creamy or nutty,Not as creamy or nutty as described but not bad for the price
CI Legends by Rocky Patel,4 out of 5,They ok,They ok
CI Legends by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,Rocky Patel,Rocky never disappoints.
CI Legends by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,Just another great smoke from Rocky,I don’t like writing reviews but will just say my humidor holds 1500 cigars and half of those cigars are from Patel what else is there to say.😊
CI Legends by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,Favorite Rocky!,Set aside an hour to smoke this perfect medium/ full bodied stogie!
CI Legends by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,Great cigar.,"Good solid cigar, burns great , no canoeing. What more can u ask for , for the price."
CI Legends by Rocky Patel,3 out of 5,7/10,"Inconsistent burns , not much flavor."
CI Legends by Rocky Patel,4 out of 5,Very nice. Fairly mild with,Very nice. Fairly mild with a good taste throughout.
CI Legends by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,RP standard,"Perfect after dinner, great to share with friends, or just bring it for a little treat for any occasion."
CI Legends by Rocky Patel,4 out of 5,Legends by Rocky Patel,Really good smoke for the price.
CI Legends by Rocky Patel,4 out of 5,You had me by first smoke! Your go to for taste and quality with out breaking the budget Excellent CI,"Picked up two of these gems while at the local humidor this evening.
First time i have tried a Ci Legend. I am very pleased with the weight the feel the construction quality of blend and wrapper. I love dark and maduro cigars.
I have never found a Cigar that Rocky Patel puts out that i did not like.
i love them all several more than others.
Rocky blend is my go to cigar we seem to have the same taste going on.
for the quality taste and price for this beauty fantastic! who would not pay a few dollars or more to try it. just to see the name alone ought to get your attention and your mouth salivating eagerly awaiting to smoke it asap..
i will be ordering by the box keeping my humidor stocked with this fine line of quality and affordable cigars
as i mentioned when i saw the name and smelled the foot of this beauty in the humidor i knew it was going to be good.
The cigar burns even slow with a nice draw roll it around in your mouth and slowly out your nose and you will be wondering where have i been how did i miss these beauties!
very aromatic tight white ash by the way i have smoked it half way down and still has not flaked or fallen off
i even tried to ash it with care and it stayed put.
one heck of a cigar.
i believe this blend Ci has will be a big competitor for many of the blends Rocky makes
i enjoy more than most name brands
i tend to stock and smoke.
hello beautiful its a wonder smoking time.
hints of cedar smooth creamy nutty with a light pepper hint not much very mild to medium. leaves a wonderful after taste a good hour and half smoke
Take the time to get you a box there priced great and you will NOT be disappointed especially all you Rocky lovers out there you already know what i'm talking about.
for the ones just stepping into the Rocky line you wont be disappointed
i have been smoking Rocky Cigars for years and a customer here as well.
Thank YOU CI"
CI Legends by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,Good smoke ....,"Good smoke - good price. Or should I say terrible smoke - don't buy, so that they do not sale out. I'll order again."
CI Legends by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,Wonderful,It came nicely packaged. Excellent burn.... as soon as I tried one I wanted to buy another box...
CI Legends by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,Rocky Does it Again,A nice sweet flavor with a tint of spice. Slow and even burning from lighting to complete. Even the people sitting near me in the park asked what it was!
CI Legends by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
CI Legends by Rocky Patel,4 out of 5,CI Legends by Rocky Patel,Awesome cigar. Great taste and burn. Love it
CI Legends by Rocky Patel,4 out of 5,Good Cigar,"Love Rocky Patels, this one was a little strong for my taste but all in all a good cigar."
CI Legends by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,Never disappoints.,A great way to enjoy another great creation from Rocky Patel.
CI Legends by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,Awesome sticks!,"Really enjoyed these beauties. Even burn,smooth draw,and very good on the palate. Good smoke for when you need to unwind from your day"
CI Legends by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,Smooth & plenty of nuance,"I'm a fan of most of Rocky Patel's blends: a wonderful mix of flavors, with enough body to satisfy. The CI Legends is no exception. Plenty of aromatic smoke, good tobacco strength without it overpowering, the woodsy, earthy, nutty tones evident throughout. I found myself sad when I finished it--any chance of Rocky producing a Churchill version of this blend?"
CI Legends by Rocky Patel,4 out of 5,CI Legends Rocky Patel (You cannot go wrong),"This is the second time I have purchased the CI Legends Rocky Patel cigars. I like Rocky Patel's overall. I have found the CI Legend brand an excellent way to get a very high quality brand name cigar at a affordable price. The taste if this cigar is very good, to me it is a Medium to full flavored cigar but does lean more to medium. It has a great taste and no poor after taste that you sometimes get in less expnsive cigars, which means both the filler and more important the wrapper is of high quality."
CI Legends by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,awesome,love the cigar rich smoke great flavors
CI Legends by Rocky Patel,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Really good smoke but wish they came in other sizes.
CI Legends by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,Great bargaingm,Great smoke
CI Legends by Rocky Patel,3 out of 5,GOOD BUT NOT GREAT,"I guess for the price I cannot expect too much. On average,they taste good,some were ""hollow"" rolled, and some would not burn evenly. Greatest % were just fine.Rocky is still my favorite smoke."
CI Legends by Rocky Patel,2 out of 5,Last order,"cigars were very dry,wrappers pealing and stronger than I expected"
CI Legends by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,Exceeds Expectations!,Rocky Patel's are hard to beat. Great value!
CI Legends by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,Tipical Rocky Patel.,"I received my CI Legends Rocky Patel order to find once again the great characteristics associated with the Patel brand. Great construction, good burn and draw, I think the burn and draw are usually a good indication of quality tobacco and very well trained and experience rollers. They are a solid medium strength, and combined very well with the coffee I was drinking and dark chocolate I was eating at the same time. I certainly look forward to the same combination and would recommend anyone else to try it and see what they think."
CI Legends by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,My last order.,Got some good deals on good cigars and I am enjoying them regularly.
CLE Chele,5 out of 5,MY NEW FAVORITE,"My New Favorite!
This cigar is well made, draws great, and is box-pressed! From first draw to last puff, this cigar proved to be a WINNER!!
For a Connecticut cigar to have so much flavor is just perfect. You will be impressed!"
CLE Chele,5 out of 5,My new go-to!,"Great all around smoke, a new regular in my humidor for sure. And the prieto has the same filler with a different wrap if you feel like something a little less mild."
CLE Chele,5 out of 5,Move over scent of a woman,"Everything about their cigars is a work of scintillating art. I'd buy these just to smell the wrappers. Great draw, ash, consistent. A to Z topps. Smells old world and really allows the smoker to enjoy it versus working to smoke it which for me is everything."
CLE Chele,5 out of 5,Awesome,"Smooth,great draw,flawless construction.This cigar can be smoked anytime of day."
CLE Chele,4 out of 5,Eiroa does it again!,Great cigar. Medium with nice earthy tones.
CLE Chele,5 out of 5,Good golf course mild,Good golf course mild
CLE Connecticut,5 out of 5,GREAT SMOKE,"Interesting smooth flavorful cigar. Mild AND tasty. Superb construction provides a perfect ash. Also, on relighting it’s almost as good as first lightning."
CLE Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
CLE Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great cigar I have tried,Great cigar I have tried most of cle and they all have a great flavor.
CLE Connecticut,2 out of 5,No,"Not a fan, prefer romeos"
CLE Connecticut,3 out of 5,cle,not too impressed with the cigar. just did not get what i expected.
CLE Connecticut,5 out of 5,CLE Connecticut,"Great smoking cigar with lots of flavor and smooth bellowing smoke, a great buy for a great cigar."
CLE Connecticut,4 out of 5,Smooth smoking cigar,Smooth smoking cigar
CLE Corojo,4 out of 5,CLE Corojo,Good draw with a medium-strong strenght and a smooth taste.
CLE Prieto,5 out of 5,my new #1!,"My new #, this will have a permanent place in my humidor from now on.
Great quality build and taste. This will soon be a staple for cigar enthusiasts everywhere."
CLE Prieto,4 out of 5,Solid purchase,"This cigar looked perfect so I had to snag a box. The Look of it is attractive. The feel of it seemed fresh. I put it in my humidor for a day at 68 degrees and lot it up the next day. At first I was a little worried because I noticed a (very small) gap in the filler. One I was puffing on it for a couple minutes, all my worries went away and the rest of the stick was great."
CLE Prieto,3 out of 5,Excellent.,"I had a Padron serie 1926 this morning before I settled down to do my taxes and had a CLE Prieto when I was done (8 hours later) to celebrate my tax refund. I must say that the CLE Prieto was every bit as good as the Padron (perhaps better), but half the price. I highly recommend these. I'm gonna get more of these. Good draw and burn, buttery, smooth, with coffee and warm ginger bread on the nose."
CLE Prieto,5 out of 5,Just a man with a cigar,"Wow, I'm very impressed with my first try of this really nice cigar. The cigar cave in Medford Oregon Matthew and Jesse have been very good at describing cigars, how they smoke and the recommendations are always spot-on. I have just tried the CLE Prieto, the feel and smell upon taking off the tissue rapper is very nice, dark outer rapper and very tightly box pressed. The first draw was very cool, some resistance which I do like and just a little pepper. I am a relative newbie just getting back into the cigar world and my first thoughts on the cigar or very high, even though I am by no means an expert. I consider myself a man that has traveled extensively, a military career in which I have met many nationalities, cultures, people, and try to live my life with a very open mind and try new things. I feel this line of cigar is very well worth my trying their are other items and I will continue to do so. Thank you so much for really nice cigar that I will continue to have in my humidor."
CLE Prieto,5 out of 5,Really good smoke. Full flavor,Really good smoke. Full flavor
CLE Prieto,5 out of 5,Just One Was all it Took,"Had just one last week.
Guess what?
1. I thought it was a great cigar that hits the medium / full spectrum perfectly.
Lots of smoke, hints of chocolate, coffee with a touch of leather and spice finish.
2. It was picked as the top Robusto cigar of 2016 by CA.
Get em while you can, you won't be disappointed."
CLE Prieto,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,This is a great cigar for the price. I've enjoyed 8 or so of them and so far each one has burned evenly
CLE Signature Series Honduras,5 out of 5,Nothing compares to authentic corojo.,"The only problem with CLE cigars is that once you have one, most other cigars taste very pedestrian. This signature series is among their very best."
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,Great little Cigar,Great little cigar!
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,Go to,These are my go to cigars. Small and a great smoke.
Cohiba Black,4 out of 5,Great with Scotch,Great with Scotch
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,Best small stick when in a hurry,These are perfect when time is short and you a good quick smoke.
Cohiba Black,3 out of 5,OK,Flavor was ok...not great but OK cigar was just the right size.
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,Great,Always the best !!
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,Excellent!,very good Maduro smoke!
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,"Great deal, good smoke","Usual Cohiba experience, good choice when you're short on time. CI price and availability top flight."
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,Cohiba delivery,Took way to long to receive but the cigars were great
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,Good cigar,"Good draw, even burn. Tasty little cigar."
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,I have Found it!,"Gentlemen I have found it! The best cigar made.. With Coffee, Man I love it. I just can't say enough good stuff about them.
These are the perfect cigar for me, any place any time. Very nice."
Cohiba Black,4 out of 5,Still Lookin,a Very Good cigar
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,Favorite small smoke,I've tried dozens of short smokes largely because I live in Wisconsin in winter. These Cohibas make cigar smoking in winter far more enjoyable than all the other small cigar choices out there.
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,Don't let the size fool you,"A surprisingly full bodied cigar for it's size. A great 30 minute smoke that doesn't compromise, will definitely buy again."
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,Black Pequenos,"Regarding the Black Pequenos, they are perfect for a morning smoke with dark coffee and reading the paper. They have enough substance to feel like a true cigar but don't take a long time to smoke. Bold flavor and they hit the spot."
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,Bold Flavors!,Bold flavor!
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,cohiba blacks robusto,great taste with slow and even burn
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,Thumbs up!,Thumbs up!
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,Great smoke with even better tobacco,These Cohiba’s are great quality and have great flavor. Easy on the budget too.
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,;),;)
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,The best!,The best!
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,Thanks,Great cigar for a great price.
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,A love hate relationship.,"After this have lost my taste for a slew of cigars such as macanudos, gurkhas, Vegas gold, medianoche, and even Mark Twain maduro's. There's this salty peppery chocolate coffee taste that I can't stop loving. The only comparables are Cohiba Dominican and Camacho Power Band. Beware."
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,Love these sticks. Really a,Love these sticks. Really a great taste and a slow burn.
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,Beyond Excellence,My favorite cigar. Worth every penny!
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,Cannot go wrong with Cohiba,Cohiba is a cigar I've always enjoyed.
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar,One of the best I have tried. I will be ordering these again.
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,Nice little smoke. Content the,"Nice little smoke. Content the size fool you, it is a full bodied smoke. Perfect for when time is short"
Cohiba Black,4 out of 5,Good little cigar,"Very smooth to smoke, but they seemed to make me dizzy after I was finished."
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,My favorite cigar,My favorite cigar
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,Great short smoke!,Great short smoke!
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,Husband loves these,Husband loves these
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,Cohiba Black Pequenos,what a great smoke!
Cohiba Black,4 out of 5,Cohiba Black Pequenos,"These little jewels were fresh, right out of the box. The strength is med-high, and never bit, all the way to the end. I gave them a 4 out of 5 star review, not for the flavor or burn, but for the price."
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,Best cigarillo that I’ve tried,Best cigarillo that I’ve tried
Cohiba Black,4 out of 5,Mild surprise,"Despite its Maduro wrapper, I found the Black Gigante to be suprisingly mild. The first half has a pleasant aroma but no distinctive flavor profile. The back half starts to pick up floral notes and pepper. Arrived dry, but is improving in the humidor. Well constructed, the draw is a little heavy. Plan on staying a while with this one, it outlasted two fingers of Wild Turkey."
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,Cohiba,Great Cigar! One of my favorites.
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,my go to,"Always smooth & easy, My go to anytime"
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,👍,Great cigar!!! Love them
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,Cohiba,"Very tasty refine cigars ,I truly enjoy."
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,Preferred go to for a,Preferred go to for a quality smoke without 2 hours to burn. Like to have these available at all times if possible.
Cohiba Black,4 out of 5,A great little cigar,Been smoking these little guys for years and enjoy the flavor and burn. Perfect stick for when you have limited time in your schedule. 1 star deduction for consistent draw issues which require some whittling with the cutter. I always have a tin of these in my smokebox and they compliment a small glencairn of Macallan or Talisker very nicely.
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,Cohiba Black,One of the smoothest cigars I’ve tried. Loaded with flavor. Have and will buy again.
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,Bold taste nice,Bold taste nice
Cohiba Black,2 out of 5,Tight Draw,Extremely tight packed. I’ve had concrete ice cream shakes that had more draw than this thing. Flavor was good though.
Cohiba Black,3 out of 5,Hard to smoke,They are nice but hard to smoke when I cut them
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,Love them,Love them
Cohiba Black,3 out of 5,Doesn't draw well,"Didn't draw very well, packed tight and a little dry, but good flavor."
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,Great,Nice and strong
Cohiba Black,5 out of 5,Cohiba Black,I wish they could be my everyday cigar!
Cohiba Blue,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Cohiba Blue,5 out of 5,good cigar,nice
Cohiba Blue,5 out of 5,Cohiba Blue Robusto,Very good smoke. Will buy them again
Cohiba Blue,4 out of 5,Enjoyable smoke,"Enjoyable smoke. Easy draw, retrohale is a lot of fun with nutty spicy notes. Beware exceedingly poor reviews. This is a nice stick for the price. I ordered a 5-pack of tubos and didn’t find them too wet or too dry."
Cohiba Blue,5 out of 5,Deliciousness,Deliciousness
Cohiba Blue,5 out of 5,Cohiba,One of my favorites.
Cohiba Blue,4 out of 5,Excellent medium body/daily,"For the price point, the Cohiba Blue packs excellent flavors and a consistent smoke. The draw is a 10/10. Burn is a 9/10 (based on the 5 sticks I had). Great flavor.. I’m no professional cigar reviewer... in fact I often laugh at the “notes” of unique flavors YouTubers say they pick up on.. but I genuinely can say there is a great level of sweetness and cedar present through the whole stick. Not overpowering. Could be a daily go-to. I’ll pick up a box for the humidor."
Cohiba Blue,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar. Sooth draws d,Excellent cigar. Sooth draws d taste. Could be my new fave
Cohiba Blue,5 out of 5,I didn't buy those,I didn't buy those
Cohiba Blue,5 out of 5,Blue,Very nice. Draws well. Enjoyed wth a good beverage.
Cohiba Blue,5 out of 5,Great cigars,Great cigars
Cohiba Blue,3 out of 5,Amateur review,"The draw at the beginning was a smooth inhale. At the finish of the exhale slight burn at the back of the tongue. Cigar was light on Flavor and mostly balanced. Overall a lower end cohiba, but still a good cigar for the price point."
Cohiba Blue,5 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth
Cohiba Blue,5 out of 5,Great. Cigar,Very favorable smoke
Cohiba Blue,5 out of 5,Nice Medium Body Smoke,"I normally like the mellow smokes, but this Cohiba Blue tastes great and as usual for a Cohiba even burn, nice draw all the way to the nub."
Cohiba Blue,4 out of 5,Cohiba Blue,"Well constructed, good flavor and priced right."
Cohiba Blue,3 out of 5,Decent Smoke,Decent Smoke
Cohiba Blue,3 out of 5,No greatness here.,"A good, average smoke. Above average taste and appearance. Less than average draw and construction."
Cohiba Blue,5 out of 5,Excellent,Wonderful smoke.
Cohiba Blue,5 out of 5,Delicious,Very flavorful
Cohiba Blue,5 out of 5,red dot,I enjoyed my first red dot. good cigar
Cohiba Blue,5 out of 5,Delicious and thanks for a,Delicious and thanks for a great deal. Keepum coming
Cohiba Blue,5 out of 5,Great Value,"These sticks are tasty and smooth. Of course, the price was great too. One of the many reasons I'm a loyal CI customer"
Cohiba Blue,5 out of 5,Well made!,"Good smoke, burns even and not hot! 88 rating."
Cohiba Blue,5 out of 5,Cohiba blue,Smooth and satisfying smoke
Cohiba Blue,3 out of 5,Cohiba Blue,"A decent cigar, held its fire for over five minutes while tending the grill. It had an even burn, but a little disappointed with the amount of smoke. I denoted oak and hints of cinnamon near the end. It was also cool to the very end."
Cohiba Blue,4 out of 5,good deal but....,"very good cigars, but two of them did not burn properly....big runs..."
Cohiba Blue,4 out of 5,Cohiba,Good taste and burn.
Cohiba Blue,5 out of 5,Great Deal on Cohiba,It's a never miss with Cohiba and the specials that are available on Cohiba Blue right now are amazing. Will definitely be ordering again!
Cohiba Blue,5 out of 5,Cohiba Blue,"I typically smoke a more full bodied cigar, however I decided to give the Cohiba Blue a chance. It was an excellent cigar. The burn was even and didn't require any touch ups, and the wrapper and construction were top notch. I picked up some notes of cedar/sweet and a bit of nuttiness. The flavor was consistent throughout the burn."
Cohiba Blue,5 out of 5,"Blue Cohiba, very nice","My first blue Cohiba, a great cigar! nice burn, awesome flavor I will be buying more..."
Cohiba Blue,5 out of 5,Supreme,Plesently surprised great cigars
Cohiba Blue,4 out of 5,Cohiba Blue Dot,I have had these before and enjoyed them . I bought. These on a special price and was not happy . The freshness of the cigar was a 3 . Most likely will not purchase when they are on a special . If I had purchased them at the regular price I would have returned them . I have always been happy in the past with the freshness of your cigars. Ty JMR
Cohiba Blue,3 out of 5,Tasty,Tasty
Cohiba Blue,5 out of 5,good,good
Cohiba Blue,5 out of 5,"Yummy,,arrived fresh and ready to","Yummy,,arrived fresh and ready to smoke"
Cohiba Blue,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Have bought several times and am pleased with every order!
Cohiba Blue,4 out of 5,One of my favorites,One of my favorites
Cohiba Blue,5 out of 5,A cigar everyone should try,A cigar everyone should try at least once in their life. Life is good!
Cohiba Blue,5 out of 5,Cohiba Blue Robusto,I shared with my golf foursome. They all thought the cigar was great. Terrific value. Thanks.
Cohiba Blue,3 out of 5,"Not bad, not special","A decent smoke, not much too it, but if you could find a deal they are worth a try, I just like a little more to my cigars"
Cohiba Blue,5 out of 5,Very Good Cigar,"Great cigar. Burns evenly, good smoke and medium body."
Cohiba Blue,5 out of 5,Great stick,Good smokes will definitely order again.
Cohiba Blue,5 out of 5,Best money for a tasty treat,Great smoke for the Money! Nice even burn and taste great.
Cohiba Blue,3 out of 5,"Imo, not as bad as some reviews claim...","A fine cigar compared to a nice average budget smoke. I think the bad reviews are due to people expecting Cohiba Red Dot quality, which this is not. That doesn’t mean it is bad, just not great. I highly recommend letting them rest for at least a week in the humidor. Moderately tight draw, and can have burn issues, but again, both of these issues are fixed by letting this cigar rest in the humidor a while. Flavor wise, not terribly complex but otherwise it’s pretty tasty."
Cohiba Blue,4 out of 5,It's subtly full of flavor.,It's subtly full of flavor. More rich.
Cohiba Blue,4 out of 5,Cohiba Red dot,I enjoy it a great smoke. Still wish it was a cohiba behike but it was and is a great smoke
Cohiba Blue,5 out of 5,Colin’s Blue!,These are GREAT afternoon cigars!
Cohiba Blue,5 out of 5,Amazing cigars,Amazing cigars
Cohiba Blue,5 out of 5,5 stars!,Very good cigars . Thank you very much.
Cohiba Connecticut,5 out of 5,All good cigars,All good cigars
Cohiba Connecticut,4 out of 5,Ok smoke nice flavor,Ok smoke nice flavor
Cohiba Connecticut,5 out of 5,Cohiba Connecticut,This was my first time trying the Cohiba Connecticut and I loved it. I have always been a huge fan of Cohiba's and the Connecticut is a great addition.
Cohiba Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great easy going smoke!,Loved it
Cohiba Connecticut,5 out of 5,Amazing cigar,By far one of the best I've smoked. I mainly stick to the Connecticuts because I enjoy a flavorful smooth cigar. This is a Premium cigar and one I cherish every time.
Cohiba Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great smoke!!!,Thank you for the great sale CI!! I may have never tried these others!! Smooth and long lasting!!
Cohiba Connecticut,5 out of 5,"Solid, Consistent Performer","Cohibas are the best, but often quite pricey. I picked these up as part of a promotion - killer deal for a top-notch stick. Wonderful robust, but not too heavy smoke, great draw, perfect size, long smoke - can enjoy with a couple nice bourbons. I'm still deciding which of the Connecticuts or the Prue Dominicanas I prefer."
Cohiba Connecticut,5 out of 5,Not Cuban. But very close,Not Cuban. But very close
Cohiba Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great Deal,Great Deal
Cohiba Connecticut,4 out of 5,OK,"It is OK, but not great. First two were really bitter. Just plain bad. Then two more were OK, but not as good as they should have been. I'm still smoking the box, hoping that I will find some good ones."
Cohiba Connecticut,4 out of 5,Cohiba Connecticut Robusto,"This is a nice stick to have in your collection! Smooth, with the flavorful taste that is unmistakably Cohiba!"
Cohiba Connecticut,5 out of 5,Beyond phenomenal!!,"Once in a lifetime opportunity to try these marvels of the cigar-makers' art without having to take out a second mortgage. Thank you for making this possible and for making an old man happy, especially in times like these!"
Cohiba Connecticut,5 out of 5,"Great smoke, nice draw and","Great smoke, nice draw and great flavor"
Cohiba Connecticut,4 out of 5,Aweso,Aweso
Cohiba Connecticut,5 out of 5,My New Go-to?,"Truly delicious smoke. Creamy, toffee, mid-mild, great anytime."
Cohiba Connecticut,3 out of 5,Trashman Cohiba CR,"Not bad, I was expecting more out of it."
Cohiba Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great Taste & Draw,Great Taste & Draw
Cohiba Connecticut,5 out of 5,Very nice smoke,Very nice smoke
Cohiba Connecticut,4 out of 5,Excellent smoke,Excellent smoke
Cohiba Connecticut,4 out of 5,Purchased these as part of,Purchased these as part of a Christmas sampler pack. It burns well and I really enjoy it in the mornings.
Cohiba Connecticut,5 out of 5,I bought this cigar twice.,"I bought this cigar twice. After the first box I was so pleased that I decided to order a second box. To my disappointment, I did not find the same taste like the first box, I felt it was a different cigar."
Cohiba Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Start to finish great cigar
Cohiba Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great cigar at affordable price!!,Great cigar at affordable price!!
Cohiba Connecticut,4 out of 5,Cohiba Connecticut Robusto,"nice and neat, mild an tasty"
Cohiba Connecticut,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Smooth even burn. Genuinely a good smoke.
Cohiba Connecticut,4 out of 5,"Not great, but pretty good","Not great, but pretty good"
Cohiba Macassar,5 out of 5,Papas,Our first order got lost & customer service got us a new order right away.
Cohiba Macassar,5 out of 5,A flavor you can't get,A flavor you can't get anywhere else
Cohiba Macassar,5 out of 5,Hey y'all it is delicious!!!,"Cohiba Macassar!!! It is Beautiful, flavorful and strong like my woman. I will order them again. CI's I travel all over the United States and everyone that smokes with me. I tell them about ya'll deals and website."
Cohiba Macassar,5 out of 5,Unique,Delicious. Unique flavors like cinnamon. Flawless construction and burn
Cohiba Macassar,4 out of 5,Cohiba,One of the best smoke I have in a long time
Cohiba Macassar,4 out of 5,Good night,A good smoke with a glass of your choice before turning in.
Cohiba Macassar,5 out of 5,Very smooth!! Best one yet!!!,Very smooth!! Best one yet!!!
Cohiba Macassar,5 out of 5,COHIBA,Love them great cigar amazing price!
Cohiba Macassar,5 out of 5,Tremendous smoke !!!,Tremendous smoke !!!
Cohiba Macassar,5 out of 5,Best cigar I’ve ever smoked!!!,Best cigar I’ve ever smoked!!!
Cohiba Macassar,5 out of 5,The cigars were very good.,The cigars were very good. Price was great
Cohiba Macassar,4 out of 5,Feedback,"Cigars look great, was disappointed they did not arrive in the cigar box like the deal said they would. But overall this was a great deal, just waiting for the right occasion to smoke one."
Cohiba Macassar,5 out of 5,Excellent,I was lucky to catch these on sale!
Cohiba Macassar,5 out of 5,Cadillac of the Cohibas,Very smooth and great flavor. Last 1.5 hours!
Cohiba Macassar,3 out of 5,Tight,Tightly rolled ... have to squeeze ... and relight often ... not really a fan of non Cuban Cohibas but that sale price got me to try again ... but same ol same ol.
Cohiba Macassar,5 out of 5,Not a cigar for sissies!,"This is a bold cigar, flavor for days, and needs plenty of time to really enjoy everything it has to offer."
Cohiba Macassar,5 out of 5,Cohiba Macassar,Great cigar!
Cohiba Macassar,5 out of 5,Highly Recommended,"Very well made, very good draw and flavor."
Cohiba Macassar,5 out of 5,Awesome,Awesome
Cohiba Macassar,4 out of 5,Cohiba Macassar Personal Review,"Starts out spicy good draw, even burn but I had to toss the final inch and a half to 2 inches as it got REALLY bitter and just foul tasting. I tried forging on hoping that it would change but it didn't. I would definitely smoke these again but I will keep in mind to put it out as soon as it starts to go bitter."
Cohiba Macassar,5 out of 5,Cohiba macassar,Damn this is a great cigar
Cohiba Macassar,5 out of 5,Worth it,"Smooth, great flavor, easy draw, awesome smoke."
Cohiba Macassar,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Cohiba Macassar,5 out of 5,Unbelievable,A cigar this smooth and creamy for almost nothing
Cohiba Macassar,5 out of 5,The name Cohiba!,"What do you expect, nothing but pure silky, creamy magical sophisticated smoke. Every draw is delightfully balanced and nothing short of amazing!
This is definitly a bucket smoke."
Cohiba Macassar,5 out of 5,Thank you,Bought these for a great price... would pay a lot more. Hard to find quality like this in a smoke. Highly recommend with jack honey. Even robust flavor not too overpowering.
Cohiba Macassar,2 out of 5,It was to mild,It was to mild
Cohiba Macassar,5 out of 5,Cohiba,Great Deal-one of my favorite cigars.
Cohiba Macassar,5 out of 5,Cohiba massacar,"As good as it gets
Tastes like a Cuban cigar
I got it on sale, so it was great value"
Cohiba Macassar,4 out of 5,Very good,Very good
Cohiba Macassar,5 out of 5,Premium High End cigar,"Very well made, very good draw and flavor. Highly recommended."
Cohiba Macassar,4 out of 5,Good - for the price,"Got these as daily Joe special. Great taste for the price, but rather inconsistent roll and burn. Love 'em, just wouldn't pay top dollar."
Cohiba Macassar,5 out of 5,Very nice cigar,Very nice cigar
Cohiba Macassar,1 out of 5,not so good,these cigars were too tight a draw. the flavor is not remarkable. just average. cant believe the price for a cigar like this wouldnt buy this cigar even if was 3 dollars.
Cohiba Macassar,3 out of 5,only buy these if the price is right,"paired well with whiskey but it was mostly an uneventful smoke with this stick. kinda spicy, kinda leathery but didnt really excite my pallet."
Cohiba Macassar,4 out of 5,Great sticks!,The Cohiba Massagar was pretty good. A bit on the bold side for me but smoked well.
Cohiba Macassar,5 out of 5,Very good.. smooth,Very good.. smooth
Cohiba Macassar,5 out of 5,Awesome price,Awesome price
Cohiba Macassar,1 out of 5,Better off buying an off brand than this,"I should not have to use a draw poker on a top brand Cigar, If I do not use it burn and draw stops 3/4 of the way and once you get to 50% it is impossible to keep lit and relight."
Cohiba Macassar,5 out of 5,5 stars,Great premium smoke
Cohiba Macassar,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Cohiba Macassar,1 out of 5,Cohia,hard to draw.wrapped tp tightnot goog for the money
Cohiba Macassar,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Pleasent surprise with this Cigar.
Cohiba Macassar,3 out of 5,So So Disappointed,Burns unevenly. Some cigars are harsh and hot
Cohiba Macassar,1 out of 5,Cohiba,I'm not happy with the purchase there hard and burn horribly.
Cohiba Macassar,1 out of 5,Strong,to Strong
Cohiba Macassar,2 out of 5,Cohiba,I was very disappointed with this purchase I still have a half a box left they burn terrible I keep thinking they’ll get better I feel like it might be young tobacco I would not purchase them again
Cohiba Macassar,3 out of 5,Rolled tight,Smokes well at lite just a bit heavy at mid to half. Smoke two both had half burn. Not sure of cost. Hard draw even after 2 weeks in humidor.
Cohiba Macassar,5 out of 5,jb's review,Great cigar with before dinner cocktail....
Cohiba Macassar,5 out of 5,These were AWESOME! Nothing else,These were AWESOME! Nothing else needs to be said....
Cohiba Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Perfect for 15-20 minutes,"Fantastic loved every minute of it..... great flavor, great time range, just great all around will defiantly purchase again"
Cohiba Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great little smoke!,Well made. Good draw
Cohiba Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Claudio,Excellent cigar
Cohiba Nicaragua,5 out of 5,New Band,"These new Cohibas are well made from quality tobaccos, but they are slightly more rustic, woody and peppery than the ones I’ve been getting with the old band. Maybe they just need a little age, but they won’t be getting it! Cheers"
Cohiba Nicaragua,5 out of 5,great taste.,great taste.
Cohiba Nicaragua,5 out of 5,love the cohiba nicaragua,"love this cigar, arrived great"
Cohiba Nicaragua,5 out of 5,👍🏽,👍🏽👍🏽👍🏽
Cohiba Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Good cohiba at a good price,"Good smoke, very bold flavors yet still smooth and not harsh! Recommend using a punch cutter. Cohiba does it again. Great size cigar too, an hour smoke. Go with a red dot if you don’t like bold, rich flavor"
Cohiba Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Good cohiba at a good price,"Good smoke, very bold flavors yet still smooth and not harsh! Recommend using a punch cutter. Cohiba does it again"
Cohiba Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Oh Yea Baby!,"worthy of 91 rating! even burn & fair draw. choc, earthy, and other darker flavors are well mixed. 👍"
Cohiba Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Thanks,Great cigar for a great price.
Cohiba Nicaragua,4 out of 5,smaller cigars,"new cigar smoker but, good flavor for me . ordered red dot also cant wait to try them."
Cohiba Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Perfect little smoke on the go,Full flavor and burn time does not to long to enjoy a quality smoke while on the go. Tin is also helpful and pocket size to protect your smokes. I carry two each of all 3 blends.
Cohiba Nicaragua,3 out of 5,Harsh,These are not smooth cigars.
Cohiba Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Very good,Very good
Cohiba Nicaragua,5 out of 5,A Really Good Cigar,"My favorite Cohiba. Rich, well-balanced flavor. One of my serious favorites. I recommend it."
Cohiba Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Quality of these cigars is great.,We have been enjoying our cohibas and dominicans with our friends since we've received them in the mail. Fast and professional.
Cohiba Nicaragua,3 out of 5,Fair...Not Extraordinary,"Cool smoke, nice draw, good burn, nothing to write home about."
Cohiba Nicaragua,5 out of 5,"Deep, rich and delicious.","Smokey, nice burn and a real joy to have on hand for a switch from the Dominicans of the same size. Excellent draw with a heavier taste than the red dots, but definitely not overpowering at all. Good for about a half hour or so of bliss by the fire."
Cohiba Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Definitely worth the $$$,Great little stick!!!
Cohiba Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Awesome Cigar! 😤💯👍,I can't wait till my next order comes in... 👍
Cohiba Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great,Great cigar.
Cohiba Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Wonderful stick,Wonderful stick
Cohiba Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Very good,Very good
Cohiba Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Tasty,I really in joy the tast all most as much as the bandios thanks
Cohiba Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great cigar.,Great cigar.
Cohiba Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Cohiba reddot,Smooth great taste
Cohiba Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Awesome little sticks,Can't go wrong with these
Cohiba Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great little cigar,Awesome!! I give it 10 stars if I could.
Cohiba Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Cohiba Nicaragua Pequenos,"Has a clean, robust flavor. A good slow burn."
Cohiba Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Outstanding services very knowledgeable on your Cigars’s always looking forward to reordering that I like.Great Job.,Great job that your company does never disappointed Johnny on the spot services.FIVE Stars Products.l’ve been spreading how CI is the company has an variety of prices for what there looking for.
Cohiba Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great taste,Good strong solid taste.
Cohiba Nicaragua,5 out of 5,The best little cigar I have smoked,It was a great smoke and very tasteful burns evenly very impressed
Cohiba Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Good smoke,"Like the big ones, youll like these."
Cohiba Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,"I have smoked the Dominican Cohiba in the Past, but I have to say the Nicaraguan Cohiba is more fullfilling than the first. Outstanding"
Cohiba Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Great stick,"This was one of the best Cohiba smoke I have ever tried, just a cut below the original habana blend. I just finish one following a good steak and potato meal and it was the best part of this meal. They will remain a main addition to my humidor"
Cohiba Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Small size...big smoke,Have enjoyed each one when I don’t have the usual amount of time to light up a cigar and Kevin clean back. This is my go to lunch time smoke
Cohiba Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Cohiba,Always a great smoke!
Cohiba Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Cohiba Nicaragua,"Great cigar , bold flavor great draw. Small cigar but smokes like a big one"
Cohiba Nicaragua,3 out of 5,"A rich, powerful cigar--and probably not for everybody.","This cigar reminds me of the Alec Bradley Sanctum and the My Father El Centurion. It is a very rich cigar. If I were only planning on smoking a single cigar, this would be a good option. However, it has a tendency to overwhelm the palate with its richness (It's also pretty darn strong). Unfortunately, this cigar is not a flavorful as the aforementioned blends, so I would rate is lower. I also noticed that it did not stay lit as well as I would have preferred, and the draw was a bit too tight. Not a bad smoke but one I really have to be in the right mood for to enjoy."
Cohiba Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Short and smooth!,Nice quick smooth smoke!
Cohiba Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Good Strong Smoke,"Good strong smoke. Can confirming several complaints of mushrooming and and issues with staying lit at first, but its a very strong tight rolled cigar. Would not recommend for those not fond of full cigars, but it was exactly what I'd hoped for."
Cohiba Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Nicaragua Pequenos,"Like many Cohibas are some of my favorite cigars. Unfortunately to smoke the full size guys in a regular basis is a little bit out of my budget. The Pequenos give me the ability to enjoy them on regular basis, and the Nicaraguas are an excellent example of Cohiba's quality and taste."
Cohiba Nicaragua,5 out of 5,My new everyday cigar!,I buy at least two boxes of cigars a week. This is my new daily cigar. I will not let my humidor go without a box. Along with padrons this stick has everything I hope for. I'm smoking them so fast I ordered two boxes this week so I can get some age on some of them. I rarely write a review but this cigar deserved one.
Cohiba Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great product and fair prices,Great product and fair prices
Cohiba Nicaragua,5 out of 5,A Great Cigar,"A very smooth, long leaf cigar. Good flavor and long lasting. Cohiba Nicaragua are my all time favorite."
Cohiba Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Yes sir!!!!,"Got 5 of these beauties in sampler with some AB Tempus Nicaragua. Wow!!! What a sampler!!! Great smoke,flavor and burn. Would definitely recommend!! Dustin L. Gastonia, N.C."
Cohiba Nicaragua,2 out of 5,Disappointing!,"Terribly disappointed in this stick, especially given the fact that it's made by an industry leader. Glad I only bought a 5-pack. Minimal flavors on the palette, I prefer other Nicaraguan Sungrown cigars much more so, (Rocky Patel) (Alec Bradley)."
Cohiba Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Cohiba Nicaragua n4x45,"Great cigars,great flavor a little pricey. I've had them Stay lit for 3 or 4 minutes after putting them down to go do something come back and start smoking without needing to re-light."
Cohiba Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Good stick,This is a good stick. I actually prefer them over the red dot series.
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,Outstanding smoke smooth and flavorful,Outstanding smoke smooth and flavorful nice slow burn
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,Smooth,Great cigar at the price
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,Puro delight,"I love this cigar, perfect strength and smoke produced, it is one of my top 5"
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke for the price,Really enjoyed these well constructed Coronas.
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,Super smooth!!,"Long lasting and a great burn!!!
Thanks for the great sale!!"
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,Cohiba - not much else to say,"Great smoke, nice robust, full body, great draw - very well built cigar"
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,Great Deal do it again,Great Deal do it again
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,Rare chance to try Cohibas,I never thought that I would have the opportunity to afford my own box of Cohibas. Thanks for this delectable experience without the necessity of having to sell my grandchildren to UNICEF!!!
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,"Always a great smoke, this","Always a great smoke, this time for a great price."
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,First class premium smoke,"I jumped on an amazing CI offer for these cigars, and they did not disappoint! Smooth, great draw, tasty and excellent finish!"
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,Cohiba Puro Dominicans,"I try to keep a wide range of cigars in my humidor for my many moods, lol. Fuentes, cohiba, rocky Patel, just to name a few, and mostly all sun grown wrappers. I bought these Dominican puro’s on sale. They’ve been resting for about a month, and each one I’ve tried has been good smooth cigar about medium to full, slow burning, and an even burn line. It’s a little stronger than the regular cohiba, but sometimes you want a stronger smoke. I’m going to watch for a good sale to pick up another box."
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,One of the most beautiful,One of the most beautiful smokes I’ve had!!!
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,cohiba,great GO-TO CIGAR
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,Great cigar . Great prices,Great cigar . Great prices . Glad I’m part of C.I . International
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,Very smooth great flavor,Very smooth great flavor
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,Great price and a great,Great price and a great smoke. Thank you for all the special offers you give out because it gives me an opportunity to afford them
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,4 out of 5,Very good smoke,Very good smoke
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,Treat,Love the cohiba Dominicans. I try to buy every time they go on special.
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,Best one in last 20 years,Best cigar I've smoked in last 20 years. Rolled tight/solid which will last instead of one's rolled loose that burns fast like a firecracker. Incredible flavor. Stock up on this one.
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,Buy it!!,Great Cigar in fact I put them in my personal humidor! Taste great and I have never had a bad draw or issues with any of the three boxes I have purchased. One of the best cigars you can get.
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,A nice cigar!,"A very nice Dominicana puro!
A well made cigar!🍺🍺"
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,Cohiba,What more do you have to say than.. Cohiba it's an institution. I admit I do still like the Cohiba black better but it's easily one of my top 3 favorite cigars all time. The build quality is second to none.
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,Cohan’s value,Truly fine cigar experience at a great price!
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,4 out of 5,Cohiba Puro Dominicana Toro,nice smoke very enjoyable
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,Nice suprise,I’m a big fan of anything for Cohiba especially Cohiba black. But these were a very nice surprise enjoyed every minute of it nice smooth burn great flavor good draw smoked it all the way down to the nub would order again.
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,4 out of 5,Good,Good
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,3 out of 5,Puro,Burned on the hot side
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,Nice deal,Great cigars at a great price! Plus free delivery
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,Cohiba,Outstanding cigars.
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,The Best Cigar,Great taste and easy draw. Wonderful version of the original puro. Will buy more
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,Cohiba,Cohiba never disappoints
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,Great end of the day smoke,"Had this nice stick just last night. While I typically stay in the medium Red Dot camp, I tried the Puro Dominicano, as I had recently bought some and they were winking at me when I opened my humidor. From the very first pull it was delicious - even a bit nutty - and it slowly came on as stronger yet smooth, spicier but not hot. I took it to the nub and loved it every bit of the ride."
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"Excellent. tight roll, great flavor, and smoke to the tip and never got hot"
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,Great Cigars,Great cigar with a good flavor. Reasonably priced and fast delivery.
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,No Disappointment; A Great Deal,"Having researched this cigar on line and seeing a 3.5 star review from one aficionado, I wondered if I was making a mistake ordering a box of 25. I knew when I first lit the Cohiba Puro Dominicana I found a great deal. The draw is easy and the initial flavor is downright savory-- coffee, chocolate, sea salt perhaps. I was a bit concerned this cigar appeared to canoe as it burned, but this was easily remedied by turning the slow side down, giving it access to more oxygen. I finished this Robusto in about 45 minutes, taking my time. I enjoyed the flavor and its smooth temperament. Very glad I made this purchase!"
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,Quality cigars at an unbeatable low price - what more is there to say?!
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,Great smoke !,Great smoke !
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,Cohiba,Great smoke.
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,"A little small for my taste, but the flavor experience made up for the size. A great smoke from torch to nub. The usual fantastic Cohiba!"
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,Cohiba Dominicana Puro Corona,Loved it. Not for the Connecticut wrapper crowd or the faint of heart. Full of taste with a great draw. I don’t usually go for narrow gauge smokes. I consider this to be more of a lonsdale than a corona. This one is one of my all time faves at this point. Pure dynamite.
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,Cohiba Puro Dominicana Corona,A superb smoke! Smooth tasting. Even burn. Definitely will continue to restock the humidor with this fine cigar.
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,4 out of 5,Cohiba,"Very nice smoke, lots of pepper in the beginning then turns creamy in the second third, can’t beat the price for a box of cohibas! Would buy again"
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,Very good,Very happy with my cohiba
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,3 out of 5,Cohiba Dominican Puro,Burns good but flavor medium not medium full as expected.
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,A great smoke,Nice and easy draw with a great ash
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,Nice smoke,Nice smoke
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,4 out of 5,Good Cigar,"This was a tasty gem and I enjoyed it very much, however it did not burn consistently and went out quite often which changes the taste when you have to relight. Bought it during a major sale and would purchase again."
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Cohiba Puro Dominicana,5 out of 5,Cohiba,Very good and tasty but I think I may even like the Cohiba Nicaragua even better
Cohiba Red Dot,4 out of 5,I liked them,I liked them
Cohiba Red Dot,5 out of 5,coiba,love the cigar smooth and medium body can't go wrong.
Cohiba Red Dot,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Exceptional cigar. Draws well.
Cohiba Red Dot,4 out of 5,Good,Good
Cohiba Red Dot,5 out of 5,Great smoke. Smooth easy draw.,Great smoke. Smooth easy draw. Mild to medium strength. This can be smoked anytime of the day. Definitely would purchase again.
Cohiba Red Dot,3 out of 5,Good but not my favorite,Good but not my favorite Cohiba
Cohiba Red Dot,5 out of 5,Little cohiba’s,When you don’t have a lot of time or just want a quick smoke these Pequenos are the perfect cigar they have a great flavor and I wouldn’t recommend anything else but these
Cohiba Red Dot,4 out of 5,Nice smoke.,Nice smoke.
Cohiba Red Dot,4 out of 5,good hearty smoke but not,good hearty smoke but not too strong
Cohiba Red Dot,4 out of 5,Not bad for a quick,Not bad for a quick smoke
Cohiba Red Dot,5 out of 5,Always on Piont,CI has been great. Cigars always come on time and fresh!!
Cohiba Red Dot,5 out of 5,These are new to me.,These are new to me. Usually get the Black. Was hoping for a bit less tarry cigar.
Cohiba Red Dot,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Cohiba Red Dot,4 out of 5,Great smoke,"one of my faveriots grerat smoke,"
Cohiba Red Dot,5 out of 5,Quality,Good cigars
Cohiba Red Dot,4 out of 5,Cohiba Does Not Disappoint,"I've had a number of Cohibas through the years, but they'll all been Cubans. I assume the Red Dot is a Dominican - but does not disappoint for the price. Well constructed and smooth. Smoked it down to the nub without experiencing a loss in flavor."
Cohiba Red Dot,4 out of 5,Well balanced really good cigar.,Well balanced really good cigar. Id buy it again.
Cohiba Red Dot,5 out of 5,Smooth,Very good smooth smoke.
Cohiba Red Dot,5 out of 5,Awesome Buy,Awesome Buy
Cohiba Red Dot,4 out of 5,Worth the price,Good smoke!
Cohiba Red Dot,5 out of 5,Very nice,Very nice cigar. Burns evenly & goes well with a variety of drinks.
Cohiba Red Dot,5 out of 5,Great cigar,A wonderful choice for the cigar enthusiast
Cohiba Red Dot,4 out of 5,"Decent Smoke, smaller cigar","Decent Smoke, smaller cigar"
Cohiba Red Dot,5 out of 5,Excellent 20 Minutes,These are high quality cigars made of whole leaf. The excellent taste and aroma give you the same satisfaction as a fine Churchill but when you only have 15 - 20 minutes.
Cohiba Red Dot,3 out of 5,Ok,Ok
Cohiba Red Dot,5 out of 5,"Awesome, one of my favorite","Awesome, one of my favorite"
Cohiba Red Dot,4 out of 5,Big surprise. Can it be,"Big surprise. Can it be this excellent? Really, must check out more."
Cohiba Red Dot,3 out of 5,Just OK,Not a big fan of this smoke. Lackluster taste and an average roll makes for an expensive excursion into the mediocre.
Cohiba Red Dot,5 out of 5,Cohiba's and others,I am an amateur cigar smoker but liked these cohibas very much. Thanks.
Cohiba Red Dot,4 out of 5,mid day smoke,best during lunch or midday smoke
Cohiba Red Dot,5 out of 5,All great cigars,All great cigars
Cohiba Red Dot,5 out of 5,A very good smoke,A very good smoke
Cohiba Red Dot,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Cohiba Red Dot,4 out of 5,I have enjoyed this sampler,I have enjoyed this sampler all three choices work for me
Cohiba Red Dot,5 out of 5,I loved it!!!,I loved it!!!
Cohiba Red Dot,5 out of 5,"strong flavor, great smoke","strong flavor, great smoke"
Cohiba Red Dot,5 out of 5,"C. McFarland, Cohiba Red Dot Robusto",Powerful cigar! Excellent stick for experienced smokers who appreciate a strong stick. Quality with every pull!
Cohiba Red Dot,5 out of 5,Time to Relax,"What is time to sit back, back and enjoy life there’s nothing much better than a cup of Café Mocha and a Good Cigar. Yup."
Cohiba Red Dot,5 out of 5,Enjoyed this one the most.,Enjoyed this one the most. I’m a big Rocky fan but it caught my taste buds by surprise
Cohiba Red Dot,3 out of 5,Not a Bad Stick,It was a good going to smoke it again. Thought it was really to mild almost
Cohiba Red Dot,5 out of 5,Maintains the reputation,Maintains the reputation
Cohiba Red Dot,4 out of 5,"Nice cigars, will buy again.","Nice cigars, will buy again.
Cohiba Red Dot is an easy, fast burning cigar with a nice mild flavor."
Cohiba Red Dot,5 out of 5,Really great cigars,Really great cigars
Cohiba Red Dot,5 out of 5,Great smoke great price,Great smoke great price
Cohiba Red Dot,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Cohiba Red Dot,4 out of 5,great cigar but too pricey,great cigar but too pricey for me
Cohiba Red Dot,5 out of 5,Chohibas,My favorite with whiskey
Cohiba Red Dot,3 out of 5,Bold.,Bold.
Cohiba Red Dot,5 out of 5,Local shops dont have,My local cigar shop doesn't carry these. The red dot reputation holds strong. These are great!
Cohiba Red Dot,5 out of 5,Great cigar for everyday.,Loaded with flavor. Even burn. Must try.
Cohiba Royale,5 out of 5,Awesome Cigars!!,Love these cigars.
Cohiba Royale,5 out of 5,Perfection!,By far the best Cohiba i've ever had.
Cojimar Private Collection Maduro,4 out of 5,Nice Cigar worth the $,"Very solid. Smartly rolled and consistent, robust flavor. Certainly worth the sale price at which I got these. Thanks CI!"
Cojimar Private Collection Maduro,4 out of 5,Was actually a very robust,Was actually a very robust smoke stayed together well and had enjoyed the whole thing
Cojimar Private Collection Maduro,4 out of 5,Cojimar,Good smoke for a decent price
Cojimar Private Collection Maduro,5 out of 5,Amazing quality,Amazing quality
Cojimar Private Collection Maduro,4 out of 5,Good,Good
Cojimar Private Collection Maduro,4 out of 5,Excellent burning cigar,Excellent burning cigar
Cojimar Private Collection Maduro,5 out of 5,As Good As It Looks!,"Very good Maduro Cigar, consistent draw and taste right to the very end"
Cojimar Private Collection Maduro,3 out of 5,"lopsided, uneven burns","I bought a pack of 15, packaged as 3-bundles of 5. This was a new listing, so I decided to give then a try.
So far, I've made it through one pack of 5. I'd give the flavor a solid ""B"". That is, they are OK but nothing special.
My biggest disappointment with these cigars is the burn. 5 out of 5 has severe lopsided, uneven burns indicating shoddy construction."
Cojimar Private Collection Maduro,4 out of 5,mild smooth,mild smooth
Cojimar Private Collection Maduro,5 out of 5,very nice cigar for the,very nice cigar for the price
Cojimar Private Collection Maduro,4 out of 5,Offer was a good opportunity,Offer was a good opportunity to become acquainted with your company and products. I plan to continue to do business with your company.
Cojimar Private Collection Maduro,4 out of 5,A very nice cigar smokes,A very nice cigar smokes very good for the price. Will definitely buy again.
Cojimar Private Collection Maduro,3 out of 5,Just ok,Wasn’t what I had hoped for reading the description. But it’s alright In a pinch.
Cojimar Private Collection Maduro,5 out of 5,My new favorite smoke,"First came across this Cojimar in a Sampler. Loved it, but a little costly for me. Went on sale and I bought my limit. This is one fine smoke, Even though a Maduro, it is mellow and sweet. Burns so even, right down to the final inch. I highly recommend these to every taste. I don't think you will be disappointed."
Cojimar Private Collection Maduro,4 out of 5,Cojimar,Like it.
Cojimar Private Collection Maduro,5 out of 5,OUTSTANDING,"Nice slow burn, bold but not too bold kick. Love this cigar"
Cojimar Private Collection Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar,First time smoking these and I will order again great smoke.
Cojimar Private Collection Maduro,5 out of 5,I'll be back for more,Couldn't find anything not to like. Excellent draw and construction accompanying great taste.
Cojimar Private Collection Maduro,3 out of 5,"Nice cigar, nice price",Have really enjoyed this smoke. Draw was good. Nice flavor. Burned evenly.
Cojimar Private Collection Maduro,1 out of 5,Harsh Conneticut,"I don't usually smoke anything but Maduro or Oscuro, and I found this particular cigar harsh and not very tasty. I got a 5-pack for free as part of a deal, so would never have tried them otherwise. I wouldn't purchase them, and cannot recommend them."
Cojimar Private Collection Maduro,5 out of 5,Looks smooth,Great cigar went beyond my expectations
Cojimar Private Collection Maduro,4 out of 5,Surprised,Nicely surprised with this cigar . Nice draw and great flavor. Went well with the whiskey.
Cojimar Private Collection Maduro,3 out of 5,Cojimar,Ok for price different taste.
Cojimar Private Collection Maduro,3 out of 5,I can only give them,I can only give them a rating of average at this time. I tried one upon arriving it was good but I think after a few weeks resting in my humidor will make a big difference
Cojimar Private Collection Maduro,5 out of 5,Fine stick,Never purchased these before. I was pleasantly surprised by how well they were.
Cojimar Private Collection Maduro,4 out of 5,Nice and smooth,Nice and smooth
Cojimar Private Collection Maduro,2 out of 5,Meh...Set Expectations Accordingly,"I've smoked three thus far. One was plugged and wouldn't draw, the wrapper shattered upon lighting another (and yes my humidor is just fine), but the third met my expectation. That one performed just fine and was one fine maduro. I would recommend for golf/yard."
Cojimar Private Collection Maduro,4 out of 5,Surprise,"I am a Maduro smoker, so this cigar was a must try for me. I like the cigar in all regards: draw, taste, construction = no problems."
Cojimar Private Collection Maduro,2 out of 5,Smokes like diesel fuel,I've had two of these so far and didn't find a sweet spot in either.
Cojimar Private Collection Maduro,4 out of 5,Cojimar maduro grand rubusto,Strong and full bodied...not an everyday smoke for me but a good change of pace. Great taste and even burn!
Cojimar Private Collection Maduro,4 out of 5,Mellow,This is a good smoke for the price. It is not as heavy as some Gurka products seem to be and lights easily.
Cojimar Private Collection Maduro,5 out of 5,Cojimar Private,All around good cigar especially considering the price.
Cojimar Private Collection Maduro,2 out of 5,Can get much better for less ...,Even at sale prices this cigar is no match for lesser priced maduros.
Comfortably Numb by Espinosa Vol. 1,5 out of 5,Comfortably Numb,One of my husband's favorite cigars.
Comfortably Numb by Espinosa Vol. 1,4 out of 5,I like it very much.,I like it very much.
Comfortably Numb by Espinosa Vol. 1,5 out of 5,EXCELLENT MEDIUM-BODIED smoke for the price!!!,Just had to amend my review because I only gave it FOUR STARS on it but orrrr DEMANDS FIVE! LOL
Comfortably Numb by Espinosa Vol. 1,4 out of 5,As near to a perfect 5-star smoke as you're going to get!,"Pink Floyd fans REJOICE! OH, and cigar lovers everywhere as well!😯💨😋 First off, yes, I am a devout fan of 'The Floyd' so, YES, the 'band' (hehe, get it?!) immediately grabbed my attention; but it's not a gimmick. Crafty, cool images and solid advertising on Espinosa's part for sure but that's where THAT ends...and the fun begins!
Upon lighting you're greeted with an AMAZINGLY smooth, easy draw; which continues into and throughout the cigar. Next up is the delicious notes of nutty, somewhat woodsy (oak?). ESPECIALLY on the retrohale. Then I noticed a bit of earthiness with some char that lingered on the aftertaste. VERY enjoyable.
Into the 2nd third now and I'm tasting/sensing a BIT of pepper: first the tingle on the tip of the tongue then, mildly, throughout my whole mouth pairing WITH nut not OVERPOWERING the aforementioned nutty and earthy notes from the FIRST 1/3. It's also seemed, not tip strengthen but to 'fill out' the overall flavors on my palate. Did I mention that it's burning PERFECTLY?! NO touch-ups or re-lights.
Ok, now into the final third: the mild peppery taste is defintely becoming more prominent but, again, is in no eau TOO strong or overpowering Amy of the other notes AMD flavors. On the contrary it seems to positively enhance them. And true to CI's 'strength meter' this stick hasn't stayed from medium at all; it's just a really great MEDIUM flavor AND bodied and smoke.
All in all I'd HIGHLY RECOMMEND these to my fellow medium to medium-full bodied cigar enthusiasts.
He'll, I just HIGHLY RECOMMEND them. PERIOD!
So do yourself a favor and order at LEAST a FIVER of these and won't be disappointed!
MOST DEFINTELY a TREAT!"
Comfortably Numb by Espinosa Vol. 1,5 out of 5,Delightful Smoke,"Delightful, medium bodied, cool tangy smoke with a lot of flavors going on."
Comfortably Numb by Espinosa Vol. 1,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Thomas S. regarding your review and comparison to the A.J Pinolero you are spot on. When I got my fist stick I kept trying to figure out what it was like. After that I ordered two boxes because it was that good. Anyway I also bought everything i could when I heard the Pinolero was going to be discontinued. I have one box left in my long term storage and that may make it till next year. Comfortably Numb is a great cigar and glad that i tried it.
Comfortably Numb by Espinosa Vol. 1,5 out of 5,You won't regret trying this,One of the best smokes I've ever had. Recommended to multiple aficionados and they love it too!
Comfortably Numb by Espinosa Vol. 1,5 out of 5,The New Pinolero?,"Almost 3 yrs. ago I was fortunate to get 2 boxes of Pinolero by AJ Fernandez before they went out of stock at a really good price (thanks, CI). Since I know I can't get any more I've been smoking them sparingly and still have 15-20 left. They have aged just awesomely and I'm blown away every time I smoke one. What does this have to do with Comfortably Numb? I got a box 5 months ago and they are great. I just finished one minutes ago and noticed that these are eerily similar to Pinolero in appearance, flavor, and smoking performance. I will have to get another box so I can see if these age as well as Pinolero. Those who remember Pinolero, do not be fooled by Comfortably Numb's funky artwork. This is an awesome traditional smoke at a pretty awesome price."
Comfortably Numb by Espinosa Vol. 1,5 out of 5,Espinoza,One of my best cigars
Comfortably Numb by Espinosa Vol. 1,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"My new favorite smoke, at this price point"
Comfortably Numb by Espinosa Vol. 1,3 out of 5,Good,Good
Comfortably Numb by Espinosa Vol. 1,5 out of 5,Almost perfect burn,Great smoke. I ordered two boxes. I can't recall a better cigar.
Comfortably Numb by Espinosa Vol. 1,5 out of 5,Excellent draw!!,"I am new to the cigar game, just purchased and seasoned my humidor, I would say tried 60-70 sticks, this so far is my top!!great draw consistent flavors from start to nub, not over powering, beginner or not, for the price I would highly recommend!!"
Comfortably Numb by Espinosa Vol. 1,4 out of 5,Comfortably Numb by Espinosa vol. 1 Toro,"Nice draw, even burn and great taste. A very good cigar!"
Comfortably Numb by Espinosa Vol. 1,4 out of 5,Surprised!!,This is actually a very nice smoke - and the label is a reminder of my “hippy” daze!!!
Comfortably Numb by Espinosa Vol. 1,4 out of 5,Great cigar for quite a,Great cigar for quite a value! Creamy with a spice to it.
Comfortably Numb by Espinosa Vol. 1,5 out of 5,Smooth,Great flavor for me. Smooth will purchase again.
Comfortably Numb by Espinosa Vol. 1,3 out of 5,Ok smoke.,Starts out a little bitter but settles into a decent medium bodied cigar. A little nutty and a little pepper. Pretty much one note throughout.
Comfortably Numb by Espinosa Vol. 1,5 out of 5,Good,Smooth and a good smoke to the end
Comfortably Numb by Espinosa Vol. 1,5 out of 5,Awesome,"Got 5 to give them a try , I’ll definitely be getting them from now on taste great real smooth and burn good"
Comfortably Numb by Espinosa Vol. 1,4 out of 5,Good Cigar,Good Cigar
Comfortably Numb by Espinosa Vol. 1,5 out of 5,Freaky Good,"These cigars are made very well, easy draw, good ash and taste naturally good consistently throughout all phases of the cigar. High quality, unique packaging that is cool if you can let go of tradition."
Comfortably Numb by Espinosa Vol. 1,5 out of 5,Nicely numb,I didn't know what to expect but was delightfully surprised. Nice smoke and consistent smoke. Will be ordering a box because the 5 pack just won't do.
Comfortably Numb by Espinosa Vol. 1,5 out of 5,great smoke,my newfavorite
Comfortably Numb by Espinosa Vol. 1,4 out of 5,Pleasantly Surprised,"Good flavor and burn. Given the name of Comfortably Numb, I wasn’t sure what to expect. I was pleasantly surprised."
Comfortably Numb by Espinosa Vol. 1,4 out of 5,👍🏻,"Maintains an ash with a good flavor. I prefer full flair cigars, but enjoy the amount of smoke."
Comfortably Numb by Espinosa Vol. 1,5 out of 5,Comfortably Numb Cigar,"Smoking the Comfortably Numb is excellent, would go great after Breakfast, or for dessert stick. Very tasty, lots of smoke output, flavors are spot on, ash held for almost 2 inches, and construction is flawless. I highly recommend them !"
Comfortably Numb by Espinosa Vol. 1,4 out of 5,Comfortably numb,These cigars were fairly tasty However I like my infused cigars better I would buy Again though
Comfortably Numb by Espinosa Vol. 1,5 out of 5,Comfortably Numb,Big fan of Eric Espinosa. great cigar-similar to Alpha Dog.
Comfortably Numb by Espinosa Vol. 1,5 out of 5,Great Smoke!,Another wonderful offering by Eric Espinosa. A little spice in the classic Habano style
Comfortably Numb by Espinosa Vol. 1,5 out of 5,Amazing,Yet another great cigar from Erik Espinosa I would highly recommend
Comfortably Numb Vol. 2,5 out of 5,Very nice draw and very,Very nice draw and very enjoyable with a Little Single malt
Comfortably Numb Vol. 2,5 out of 5,Cool smoke,"Me and my friend love these, thanks"
Comfortably Numb Vol. 2,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"Very good cigar. Great burn, construction and flavor."
Comfortably Numb Vol. 2,5 out of 5,Good stick and very consistent,Good stick and very consistent
Comfortably Numb Vol. 2,5 out of 5,Enjoyed,Enjoyed
Comfortably Numb Vol. 2,4 out of 5,Nice all round cigar,Good smoke. Nice body a go to cigar can't seem to keep enough of them in my humidor.
Comfortably Numb Vol. 2,5 out of 5,Worth the price,Worth the price
Comfortably Numb Vol. 2,5 out of 5,Espinosa Hits The Mark,This cigar has quietly become one of my favs. Burns evenly and has great flavor
Comfortably Numb Vol. 2,3 out of 5,Nice clean smoke,Nice clean smoke
Comfortably Numb Vol. 2,5 out of 5,Great cigars...great deal *****,Great cigars...great deal *****
Comfortably Numb Vol. 2,5 out of 5,Wish I bought more,Should have known to trust the Brand for a quality stick
Comfortably Numb Vol. 2,5 out of 5,Great every day cigar,"Good draw, easy on the pallet, nice smoke on a warm day with a beer. Definitely a great addition to The Espinosa line."
Comfortably Numb Vol. 2,5 out of 5,Very good,Very good
Comfortably Numb Vol. 2,5 out of 5,Comfortably Numb 2,Great!!
Comfortably Numb Vol. 2,3 out of 5,Too peppery for my taste...,"I received this cigar as part of my Cigar of the Month subscription. While it burns superbly and bears an effortless draw, the peppery notes of the cigar are overwhelming even for a guy like me who loves fuller-bodied smokes. The cigar improves as you smoke it, though - once the leather tones kick in, the pepper balances out a bit. If you love peppery cigars, this is the smoke for you."
Cornelius & Anthony Aerial,5 out of 5,Love It!,Outstanding cigar!
Cornelius & Anthony Daddy Mac,4 out of 5,A very good smoke,A bit on the strong side but a high quality smoke
Cornelius & Anthony Daddy Mac,5 out of 5,Can't get enough of these.,Can't get enough of these. So very good.
Cornelius & Anthony Daddy Mac,4 out of 5,Coastal musings,"Best of the C&A line. Construction, burn and draw were excellent. Upper medium strength and great taste."
Cornelius & Anthony Daddy Mac,5 out of 5,Enjoying every one so far,"Great construction, flavor and price"
Cornelius & Anthony Daddy Mac,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Cornelius & Anthony Daddy Mac,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Great burn great taste the only reason i put it as 4 stars is if im gonna choose a cigar from this brand id prefer the vengaza
Cornelius & Anthony Daddy Mac,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Cornelius & Anthony Daddy Mac,4 out of 5,Good smoke but does not,Good smoke but does not compare to the Meridian cigar
Cornelius & Anthony Daddy Mac,5 out of 5,Big surprise!,Great cigar at a great price
Cornelius & Anthony Daddy Mac,5 out of 5,Great smoke will buy more,Great smoke will buy more thanks
Cornelius & Anthony Daddy Mac,5 out of 5,Fast delivery at a great price,I am amazed at the 3 day delivery of my order! Also I saved more than 50% on my cigars compared to two other sites. You have earned a New regular customer!
Cornelius & Anthony Daddy Mac,4 out of 5,Good flavor and pull,Good flavor and pull
Cornelius & Anthony Daddy Mac,5 out of 5,Balanced,Enjoyable every day smoke
Cornelius & Anthony Daddy Mac,5 out of 5,Solid smoke - too bad,Solid smoke - too bad it is a close out. Enjoy them while you can!
Cornelius & Anthony Daddy Mac,3 out of 5,Good every day smoke,Good every day smoke
Cornelius & Anthony Daddy Mac,5 out of 5,Virginia Tobacco awesome cigar!,"Awesome cigar, great flavors! Love the end of the cigar gets very bold!"
Cornelius & Anthony Daddy Mac,5 out of 5,First time trial a success,"Rich flavor, well constructed."
Cornelius & Anthony Daddy Mac,3 out of 5,Good value priced cigar,"Construction is great. Body is on the medium level. Flavor is very subtle. Makes a great morning cigar.
I rated a 3 because the description sounded much more flavorful."
Cornelius & Anthony Daddy Mac,5 out of 5,Delicious,The Daddy Mac seems to be more tightly packed. A very tasty cigar. Nice burn.
Cornelius & Anthony Daddy Mac,3 out of 5,"burn, flavor.",used to better burn. and flavor.
Cornelius & Anthony Daddy Mac,4 out of 5,Nice and easy,"Good price, flavorful, not overpowering, smooth smoke."
Cornelius & Anthony Daddy Mac,3 out of 5,Not that great,"Compared to Oliva, Padron, Rocky Patel or AJ Fernandez Agging Room Quattro. I would rather spend my money on these brands."
Cornelius & Anthony Daddy Mac,4 out of 5,Pleasant surprise,"C&A Daddy Macs are one of best cigars I’ve had in it’s price range. Not as complex as pricier smokes, thus the 4 rating, but mild-to-moderate flavor, no heat until near end, even burn...well-worth the money."
Cornelius & Anthony Daddy Mac,3 out of 5,Daddy Mac,So So cigar.mediocre taste with an uneven burn.The best thing about this deal is a very nice cigar box.
Cornelius & Anthony Daddy Mac,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Wonderful flavor and it burned perfectly. I will defiantly by more!
Cornelius & Anthony Daddy Mac,4 out of 5,Tasty,"Had a few singles previously so jumped on these when the price was right. Smoked one ROTT. Happy I grabbed a box as these are smooth, tobacco sweet sticks with enough cedar and light spice throughout to keep it interesting."
Cornelius & Anthony Daddy Mac,5 out of 5,Too bad these are discontinued...,"These were on sale so I thought I’d give them a try. If the whole box is as good as the first one this was one of the best deals ever! Normally I don’t buy Coronas, but without giving a review I’ll just say they are excellent. Too bad they’re discontinued..
.."
Cornelius & Anthony Senor Esugars,5 out of 5,after its gets ash its a great cigar,"The initial burn when you light it, isn't the smooth flavor that will come. I read reviews saying the first couple puffs weren't great and thats true. Once you get a nice ash going the cigar smooths out with billowing clouds of smoke and a smooth tasty flavor. Glad I bought a box!"
Crowned Heads Four Kicks,5 out of 5,Great choice cigar,"Well made , great flavor, no burn issues"
Crowned Heads Four Kicks,5 out of 5,Great!,Great!
Crowned Heads Four Kicks,4 out of 5,Four kicks,Easy to smoke medium body stick with enough pepper to keep it interesting
Crowned Heads Four Kicks,5 out of 5,Four Kicks,"Four Kicks robusto is well constructed,flavorful and beautiful offering from Crowned Heads that should be in everyone's rotation."
Crowned Heads Four Kicks,5 out of 5,Enjoyable,Great little cigar. ..
Crowned Heads Four Kicks,3 out of 5,Stinky,"I got 10 of these on a ""deal""..... The construction...draw & burn were excellent... I only give it 3 stars because the aroma/smoke just stinks! I'm letting the remaining ones rest for awhile in hopes they improve with age."
Crowned Heads Four Kicks,5 out of 5,Four kicks,I love four kicks I would smoke them all the time if they were cheap er I smoke a lot of Cigars
Crowned Heads Four Kicks,2 out of 5,Did not live up to the hype!,"Not sure what all the hype is about this cigar, it was terrible from the start. Harsh burn and taste, with a heavy aftertaste that ruined my tastebuds for the day! giving the other sticks away, disappointed in this one!"
Crowned Heads Four Kicks,5 out of 5,"Four Kicks, Five Stars.","Got a five pack of Four Kicks in the whack a deal. Great smoke, great burn! Probably one of my favorite sticks that I've tried so far! The fact that they were a real steal at the price made them even so much better. Would definitely buy again."
Crowned Heads Four Kicks,4 out of 5,Great change of pace!,"Got a five pack of Four Kicks robusto's for a song on whack a deal! Bargain of the month. Good construction, good burn and a medium to full smoke. Probably as good a bargain as I've gotten from CI."
Crowned Heads Four Kicks,5 out of 5,Fantastic medium bodied stick,This is a must try cigar if you are looking for a fine cigar to smoke. You will be surprised by the smooth and consistent draw of this particular cigar.
Crowned Heads Four Kicks,5 out of 5,Try them,Good cigar and will buy again. These sounded good and the description of them is pretty good.
Crowned Heads Four Kicks,4 out of 5,A great stick!,Cigar had good draw and flavor. I would order the sublime again. BobII
Crowned Heads Four Kicks,4 out of 5,Excellent everyday smoke,Excellent every day smoke. Smooth from start to finish
Crowned Heads Four Kicks,5 out of 5,My Favorite Every Day Cigar,"Four Kicks was the first Crowned Heads stick I ever tried. Perhaps overshadowed by the acclaim of some of their others - namely La Imperiosa and Jericho Hill - I must say that Four Kicks remains the one I come back to again and again. If I'm ever at a loss for what smoke I'm in the mood for, Four Kicks hit the right spot.
I picked up a box last year, in December. The first few I smoked were solid, but I gotta say, these get better and better with age. With 9 months of rest in the humidor, these have gone from good to friggin excellent.
Notes of cedar, nuttiness, leather with tons of smoke output. Perfect draw, perfect burn, with every one I've smoked."
Crowned Heads Four Kicks,5 out of 5,Flavorful & Affordable,"One of my ""go to"" smokes. Great construction, even smoke. Medium-full flavor. Nice price. One fo Crowned Heads first smokes and still one of their best."
Crowned Heads Four Kicks,2 out of 5,Disappointed...,"I was expecting a top notch smoke, but was dissatisfied with my experience. I had these resting for about a year in 70F/65%. Leather, tobacco with hints of sweetness and cedar with peppery finish. The flavors were intermittent, and the burn started to run almost off the bat. Did a correction about half way through, the burn continued at an angle for the rest of the cigar. The band was stuck to the wrapper and upon removal tore the wrapper. More cracks developed as the burn progressed to the area where the band was. Overall the profile was rather uneventful, flavors intermittent. From the reviews I read I was looking forward to these. I've smoke several over the past few months and my experience was similar. Even if heavily discounted I doubt I would buy these, there are much better options for the price point..."
Crowned Heads Four Kicks Maduro,4 out of 5,Four Kicks Maduro,Great smoke for the price.
Crowned Heads Four Kicks Maduro,4 out of 5,Nice consistent flavor. Would have,Nice consistent flavor. Would have liked more spice.
Crowned Heads Headley Grange,5 out of 5,A must try!!!,This is one outstanding smoke. The flavor and burn or excellent. One of Crowned Heads best.
Crowned Heads Headley Grange,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,I loved it. It definitely put me in the zone I needed to be in during that time. The taste was great! It even burned evenly.
Crowned Heads Headley Grange,4 out of 5,very nice all around,"Super cigar, nice taste, smooth very even burn if you haven't tried on do yourself a favor"
Crowned Heads Headley Grange,5 out of 5,Nice stick great flavors shining through,"I actual got this stick from another golfer, smoked it till my fingers burned. Burned even and draw was super. Getting ready to order some more. Great flavors coming through on every puff. Enjoy"
Crowned Heads J.D. Howard Reserve,5 out of 5,BRAVO,One of the beat sticks I have had in last 5 yrs. Smooth woodsy flavor. Burns slow and even and allows you to relax and soak in the taste and your surrounding. Bravo.
Crowned Heads J.D. Howard Reserve,5 out of 5,great cigars,great cigars
Crowned Heads J.D. Howard Reserve,5 out of 5,Classic flavor.,"Like the other reviews state, it has a unique profile that you must like. That being said it just seems to hit a classic note with me that I have not seen done this well by any other cigar. Unique not only in flavor but also unique because it stands on its own compared to its rivals. I know unique but classic doesn’t fit together so you will have to try it to understand."
Crowned Heads J.D. Howard Reserve,5 out of 5,new leader,Currently my favorite
Crowned Heads J.D. Howard Reserve,5 out of 5,Jesse the Body Entura,"I read and saw a few mixed reviews, long after falling in love with this stick. One note isnt bad if ya like the note, a lot. This stick is full of dank, woodsy flavors with a slightly sweet draw. I think they smell amazing. You will get lots of compliments by walkers-by. Must b an aphrodisiac to females too.. always commenting. Its different. Its good. Its also what CH set out to do. Nice cigar. Hard to beat for the stick price if ya lije a woodsy smoke."
Crowned Heads J.D. Howard Reserve,4 out of 5,Not bad at all,"I bought the J.D.H's because my banker strongly recommended me these cigars. They're not bad, but i was expecting more, bc this huge cigar smoker told me that, to his p.o.v. the J.D.Howards were the best cigars he ever smoked! What do u expect, a nice cigar, really smooth eventhough they're almost full strengh and finish quickly. Try it, u will not be disapointed. Only available at CI, to a decent price!"
Crowned Heads J.D. Howard Reserve,5 out of 5,Strongly recomended!,"Pretty nice cigars, good taste not too strong, perfect with a white porto!"
Crowned Heads J.D. Howard Reserve,4 out of 5,Rustically Delicious,"Great cigar that fits the profile of what most companies call ""cubanesque"". To me, that means a medium cigar, with good flavor, and a rustic edge to it. Definitely worth trying."
Crowned Heads J.D. Howard Reserve,4 out of 5,Nice Smoke.,"This is the cigar I chose to celebrate with after repairing a broken clothes dryer. Nice looking cigar. The burn was a little quicker than I expected, and at times the smoke seemed a bit hot and the flavors somewhat washed out. However, for the most part this was an exceptional cigar. Medium to full body with refined flavors of wood, leather, and pepper. I cigar I could smoke time and time again."
Crowned Heads Jericho Hill,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"Overall a great cigar, very good draw, rich notes and not a long smoke so it's perfect for any occasion."
Crowned Heads Jericho Hill,5 out of 5,As life should be good,"Memorable experience from the gitgo. V-cut nicely. Lit up well within 4-5 easy draws. Even ash. Tastes of bittersweet cocoa and expresso. Paired perfectly with Kentucky's finest adult beverage.
I liked the wisp of smoke from each end after each draw. Warmed my whole face. Highly recommend for those who like the full body. Not for the weak of heart. The last 2 inches tell the story. Check it out."
Crowned Heads Jericho Hill,4 out of 5,Strong,Taste of pepper good draw bit strong.
Crowned Heads Jericho Hill,5 out of 5,Never received package,So CI is not dependable ad won't help me out post order. CI just keeps saying that haven't receive the package back.
Crowned Heads Jericho Hill,2 out of 5,Just eat a spoonful of pepper instead.,"One note pepper bomb if you ask me. Got these on a friend's recommendation and almost didn't even want to smoke it. Tried again, same result. I actually ordered 10 of these from another website and now have 8 that I'm not sure I even want. I'm going to try to smoke one more hoping 3rd time's a charm."
Crowned Heads Jericho Hill,2 out of 5,Just ok,The cigars were a little dryed out. I was expecting better! I wll continue to buy local and fresh.
Crowned Heads Jericho Hill,4 out of 5,Cool Hand Luke Approved,"This is a flavor BOMB! It's almost a bit overwhelming. Didn't notice too much nicotine. Burns like a chimney. Whenever I smoke this cigar, I think of a tar truck, tarring the road. In your face smell and taste. Make yourself a big beverage if you are going to smoke this cigar."
Crowned Heads Jericho Hill,5 out of 5,Amazing!,I don’t know what the guy below was talking about but I had the pleasure of smoking one of these today after it was recommended by a friend who has been smoking for years. Very good cigar with great flavors coming through. They sell out quick at our local shop and I was lucky to get the last one.
Crowned Heads Jericho Hill,2 out of 5,Ehh...,The cigars were kind of one note throughout.There were also multiple construction issues that included tunneling and cracking even after resting in the humidor for a few weeks. I would not buy them again. There are many cigars of better quality and cheaper prices.
Crowned Heads Jericho Hill Juarez,5 out of 5,Nice,Nice cigar for everyday after dinner time.
Crowned Heads La Cosa Nica Seleccion,5 out of 5,Excellent,I bought this to try the Las Mareas and Jericho hill cigars. I've only had the La Imperiosa before and if that smoke is a prelude to the other two...then we have a serious winner of a sampler here. Everything I've had by Crowned Heads so far has been well worth the money!!!
Crowned Heads La Imperiosa,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,Excellent cigar from start to finish.
Crowned Heads La Imperiosa,4 out of 5,4.5 stars. Would recommend.,"Really great smokes, smooth and yet full bodied."
Crowned Heads La Imperiosa,5 out of 5,firecracker,"Only smoked 2 so far, however I was blown away by this cigar. I have been smoking cigars for 25 years and this is one of those cigars you don't forget. The construction was hands down as good as any cigar i have ever smoked. Can't explain it, you have to hold it in your hand. It's so dense and heavy in the hand it smokes longer than you would expect. It's rolled perfectly round like a lead pipe. I would like to shake the hand of the person who rolled this cigar. I gave one to my snob cuban only smoking buddy and he immediately said wow well made. Super complex with a very long finish, tons of sweet maduro flavors in play, never got harsh. Place this cigar right up on the top shelf, it will give any cigar a run for the money, it's that good."
Crowned Heads La Imperiosa,5 out of 5,Wonder Child,"If San Cristobal and Oliva V had a child together, it would be La Imperiosa. The last half of a S.C. is one of my favorite cigar smoking experiences. La Imperiosa starts off right away very similarly, but it also has that nice, sweet fruity flavor of the V added to it. Great cigar!"
Crowned Heads La Imperiosa,5 out of 5,This is what a great full cigar should be.,This smoke is one of my favorite full cigars. You can't go wrong with this baby but make sure you eat first or are a seasoned cigar smoker. Goes great with a nice single malt.
Crowned Heads La Imperiosa,4 out of 5,Intense and Smooth...,"Truly a full cigar! nice even burn, beautiful white smoke, and consistentl flavors of pepper and leather, with a slight sweetness throughout. heavy on the nicotene so prepare yourself fot the experience. great with Eagle Rare!"
Crowned Heads La Imperiosa,5 out of 5,Flawless,"A truly delicious smoke. La Imperiosa gives you that full, dark flavor but delivers it in the smoothest way possible. One of the smoothest sticks I've ever had."
Crowned Heads La Imperiosa,5 out of 5,Loved the blend in the,Loved the blend in the 2014 Calavaras! Love it in the Imperiosa!
Crowned Heads La Imperiosa,5 out of 5,Outstanding,"Bought one of these at a local B&M, hands down great stick. I would not go for the bigger sizes. It is a bold smoke, spicy, bouquet of flowers, and leather. I will buy a box soon."
Crowned Heads La Imperiosa,5 out of 5,Crown Heads turn.,"One of my favs, couldn't ask for more from a full body smoke."
Crowned Heads La Imperiosa,5 out of 5,Plugged.,I bought a 5 pack and tried one. The draw was so tight It couldn’t be smoked. Ive read great reviews and hoping for the best. Waiting a little longer to try the others
Crowned Heads La Imperiosa,4 out of 5,Not to be overlooked,"A favorite smoke, great flavor, nice oily wrapper with a great pre lit aroma, a treat"
Crowned Heads La Imperiosa,5 out of 5,Excellent,Cigars delivered in excellent condition and arrived sooner than expected. I highly recommend CI. Enjoy!
Crowned Heads La Imperiosa,5 out of 5,Very impressive!!!,"Being a My Father's cigars smoker, a guy from a cigar shop I go to said try this cigar because he ran out of the MF full body cigar. I immediately enjoyed this Crown Heads cigar. It's another cigar brand I added to my humidor. Very smooth cigar!!!!!! J Middleton"
Crowned Heads La Imperiosa,5 out of 5,Try It and Thank Me After,Everything I loved about the Las Calaveras 2014 was found again in the La Imperiosa. The red pepper in the beginning doesn't last very long (which is a good thing) and isn't overpowering as the flavor becomes more complex into a leathery earthiness offering full flavor. I personally taste hints of a chocolatey nuttiness and I love the aftertaste. Definitely one of my regular go-to cigars.
Crowned Heads La Imperiosa,4 out of 5,La Imperiosa Dukes,The entire La Imperiosa line is quite tasty. I will try any cigar from Crowned Heads since they are making top quality cigars. They are gamers.
Crowned Heads La Imperiosa,5 out of 5,Another Gem from Crowned Heads!,"Absolutely fantastic smoke from Crowned Heads. Nice cool smoke, with enough spice on the tongue to let you know its there. Great sticky wrapper and perfectly wrapped."
Crowned Heads La Imperiosa,4 out of 5,Great cigar,Excellent cigar. Great aroma & flavor. A must have.
Crowned Heads La Imperiosa,4 out of 5,Almost there,"The profile is good, but it could be great. This cigar has some real sweet notes, but it spotty from cigar to cigar. I have smoked a few sizes, and the Coronas are tight, and don't draw well. I even had to pitch a couple. But I really like the flavor, so I keep trying them. For the quality, I think they're a little pricey, but not so that I would pass on there."
Crowned Heads La Imperiosa,5 out of 5,Crown worthy,La Imperiosa Crowned Heads will beckon you to enjoy another because you will do just: enjoy. Now I want another one
Crowned Heads Las Calavares EL 2017,5 out of 5,Las Calaveras,One of my best
Crowned Heads Las Mareas,4 out of 5,smooth smoke,smooth smoke
Crowned Heads Las Mareas,4 out of 5,Great,Great
Crowned Heads Las Mareas,3 out of 5,Let it sit and humidify,Not bad could be great. A little to spicy and dry leathery for me. I would recommend letting it sit in your humidor for a week or more. I smoked mine as soon as it arrived and it cracked when I cut it and the smoke was dry and harsh in the beginning.
Crowned Heads Le Careme,5 out of 5,Tasty,"Loved this cigar from beginning to the end.
Has many layers of flavours really enjoyed it!"
Crowned Heads Le Careme,5 out of 5,A Delicious Cigar,"This is a mild delicious cigar. Pairs well with coffee. Great draw, wonderful aromatic notes of chocolate, cinnamon, leather and Cocoa. Nice burn time. I like mine in the morning. Get you a stick and enjoy. 😀"
Crowned Heads Le Careme,5 out of 5,Crowned Heads Le Careme,Exceptional cigar. Great flavors. Perfect burn.
Crowned Heads Le Careme,5 out of 5,Outstanding!,Flavor beyond description.
Crowned Heads Le Careme,5 out of 5,Best Ive had in a while!,"Id never heard of Le Carema but tried it and Im soo glad I did. The cap looked funky ona few but the costruction was otherwise flawless. From first taste I got dark chocolate and creamy nuttiness with some pepper. Perfect! It was complex but consistent. Not much change in flavors as it smoked, but right to the nub this is one of the best Ive had in a while. Nice long finish with sublime rich tobacco flavor. This is a cigar lovers cigar! 5 outta 5!"
Crowned Heads Le Careme,4 out of 5,Le Careme is an excellent,"Le Careme is an excellent cigar and I have never had a bad crowned heads cigar. I do prefer the robusto over the corona. The robust seems to provide smoother, richer experience."
Crowned Heads Le Careme,5 out of 5,Flavor bomb,"I have never experienced so many flavors in one cigar. By far my favorite. If you are a fan of the tabernacle, undercrown, Liga Privada no.9, you are gonna love this"
Crowned Heads Le Careme,3 out of 5,Coastal musings,I have smoked a larger size and thought it was an exceptional cigar. Using my rating system it was a 92 however this smaller size I chose out of curiosity simply is too small to exhibit the blend.
Crowned Heads Le Careme,4 out of 5,Fantastic,Crowned Heads did it again. This cigar is full of flavor with just enough spice to let you know it's there. This could easily be a everyday cigar for me
Cu-Avana Natural,5 out of 5,Wish they were still around,One of my favorites. Too bad they are no longer available. I thought they were a good seller?
Cu-Avana Natural,5 out of 5,Tasty,One of my favorite lite cigars. Sad that you are discounting them!!
Cu-Avana Natural,5 out of 5,GREAT CIGAR!,The Cu-Avana Natural Churchill's were excellent and at a very good price. CI RULES!!
Cu-Avana Natural,4 out of 5,Strictly Quality,"This is a very good smoke. Burns evenly, well constructed with a smooth draw and mellow without being boring. The price right too. I recommend it."
Cu-Avana Natural,5 out of 5,Cu-Avana,This Cu-Avana is well build & very mild cigar.I been enjoying it almost over 20 years.
Cu-Avana Natural,5 out of 5,My first choice for a mild smoke.,"Smooth, burns evenly, and is reasonably priced."
Cu-Avana Natural,4 out of 5,Good Cigar for the Price,"Nice smooth cigar, easy draw and mellow taste."
Cu-Avana Natural,4 out of 5,A nice mellow smoke,A nice mellow smoke
Cu-Avana Natural,4 out of 5,First time smoker,Enjoyed this one. Still learning the ins and outs of cigar smoking but it did have a pleasant aftertaste and a good draw. My son also liked this one. Will probably buy again in the future.
Cu-Avana Natural,1 out of 5,Not Good....,"I was not a fan of this cigar. Flavors tasted of cardboard and straw and hay...not pleasant at all. I couldn't get passed the first third of the cigar. I did not detect any creaminess or sweetness...the lemony flavor tasted bitter and fake, only to make the barnyard flavors even worst. Will not buy again."
Cu-Avana Punisher,5 out of 5,Outstanding!!!,The bite it gives before you light it has attracted quite a few cigar smokers. The full bodied flavor is consistent front to back.
Cu-Avana Punisher,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,The pepper on the wrapper is only the beginning of the flavors that are wrapped up in this cigar. Love it! It keeps the flavor the whole way through to the end.
Cu-Avana Punisher,5 out of 5,Amazing,Wow....y’all are right...not for the faint of heart.....what is in this that makes it hot at the start.?
Cu-Avana Punisher,4 out of 5,spicey,I loved the pepper in this cigar made my lip burn at first. I Love a strong cigar and I am not sure this is the strongest cigar around like some say but it is a solid smoke with lots of spice. I smoke strong cigars everyday so maybe thats why it did not seem as overpowering as some had said. I will smoke more of these in the future and would recommend them to anyone who enjoys spice . if you are not a fan of spice these are not for you
Cu-Avana Punisher,5 out of 5,Good smoke,"I'm on my third order. After you get used to the pepper, they're a good medium cigar."
Cu-Avana Punisher,5 out of 5,Great smoke with an amazing,Great smoke with an amazing spice all the way through the stick.If I had to smoke just one cigar this is the one I would choose.
Cu-Avana Punisher,4 out of 5,Feel The Burn,I have thoroughly enjoyed these since I stumbled upon them several years ago. Delicious flavor while leaving a nice spice to the lips and tongue. So happy that they decided to get rid of all the unnecessary packaging. Now I can get a full 20 count for what I used to pay for 13 sticks. Keep these coming and I'll keep smoking them.
Cu-Avana Punisher,5 out of 5,Great,My favorite cigar. More wraps the better.
Cu-Avana Punisher,5 out of 5,Good and spicy,"I read the reviews and decided that i needed to try these. I am glad that I did. They do have a bit of a peppery taste and they make the lips tingle, but it is not bad. That tingling sensation reminded me of eating hot wings, but the flavor of the cigar was very full and rich and it continues to improve as you smoke it. Definitely worth it."
Cu-Avana Punisher,3 out of 5,Punisher,Flavor has changed drastically. Not the same as when they first were marketed.
Cu-Avana Punisher,5 out of 5,Tasty,I love the Punisher. Leaves my lips numb. Add it to the monthly magazine
Cu-Avana Punisher,3 out of 5,Not the same,"Punishers used to be one of my favorite smokes. The last three batches I have ordered have been very mild compared to when they first came out years ago. They are still very smokeable but a far cry from ""punishing"". I will still keep ordering them, maybe cu-avana will kick it up a notch again!"
Cu-Avana Punisher,4 out of 5,Punisher,Good cigar smoked well thought it would be stronger
Cu-Avana Punisher,5 out of 5,Puisher,Great cigar
Cu-Avana Punisher,5 out of 5,Not For the Faint of Heart!,"The Punisher series provides a very strong, peppery experience that should only be undertaken if you are ready for some serious spice! I really like these smokes but I am careful to only light one up when I am prepared to deal with their intense strength."
Cu-Avana Punisher,5 out of 5,"If you haven't tried these, you're insane!","What a well constructed cigar! I don't have to worry about dropping the ash off this cigar on myself because it just doesn't fall off until you're almost done. Once your lips cool off get ready for a solid, bold, and insanely consistent smoke. This is my new favorite smoke. After tasing this, I just can't smoke anything else. It kinda ruined cigars for me because now nothing else compares.
If you want to enjoy various cigars, don't buy this because once you try it, you won't want to smoke anything else. (Assuming you can handle smoking this little nuclear bomb of a cigar)"
Cu-Avana Punisher,4 out of 5,Great cigar strong and tasty,Great cigar strong and tasty
Cu-Avana Punisher,5 out of 5,Cu-Avana Punisher,I like it a lot
Cu-Avana Punisher,5 out of 5,Best Stick,"These are by far my favorite stick, been smoking them for years now. Always try to keep a few on reserve. Nothing else I've found has such a full body along with that spicy kick."
Cu-Avana Punisher,5 out of 5,Love the PVNISHERS!!!!,EXCELLENT CIGAR AND SERVICE
Cu-Avana Punisher,4 out of 5,Very good has a bite,Very good has a bite to them
Cu-Avana Punisher,2 out of 5,unpunished,"Long time fan, but this last batch had none of the kick I am used to from past smokes. The peppery feeling when lighting up was there..
But faded fast, no staying power, so without that unique feature you are left with a boring ,quite mediocre smoke"
Cu-Avana Punisher,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Not an every day stick for me but great for change or as the second smoke of a longer evening. Love the bite of the initial spice as it then settles into slow full bodied smoke
Cu-Avana Punisher,3 out of 5,A little misleading...,"While the wrapper promises the spice , the blend is a little towards sweet and mild. Even after finishing it, you still feel the need for a smoke that’s a little more in the body department. Construction is good, but there just seems to be a disconnect between spice of wrapper and strength of filler. To be honest the original punishers were fuller bodied and these reproductions aren’t made with the same tobaccos. The Plasencia’s make good cigars, but these just fall short of there usual offerings."
Cu-Avana Punisher,4 out of 5,The punished,Don't let the name or reviews scare you away from this cigar. If you're a fan of full bodied cigars like I am you'll love this cigar. The wrapper does carry a mild burn on the first contact but don't let that fool you. Great flavor profile through out the burn from start to finish. Always a fave for me.
Cu-Avana Punisher,5 out of 5,I've Been Punished,"It took 10 minutes for my lips to stop tingling. After that, I settled into a very strong smoke with lots of spice. An excellent cigar for people who love a full body cigar."
Cu-Avana Punisher,4 out of 5,It's a punisher.,"The first 10 minutes is like smoking a jalapeno. After that, it settles down to a fairly mild cigar."
Cu-Avana Punisher,5 out of 5,Punch me in the mouth,fantastic cigar. wakes me right up at first few puffs with a smack of pepper then eases back into the Cu-Avana of old (Intenso anyone?)
Cu-Avana Punisher,5 out of 5,STRONG,Definitely not for beginners! My go-to hour and a half long-ash cigar. Buckle-up before you light it!
Cu-Avana Punisher,4 out of 5,Cu-Avana Punisher Toro,"I like these cigars, but they are not for everybody. Very strong, a nice smoke, if that's what you want. They taste as though they are dipped in cayenne. This spiciness can be an annoyance, if you're not ready for it. It dissipates in a few minutes, and the remainder of the smoke is quite rewarding."
Cu-Avana Punisher,5 out of 5,Hot and spicy. Definitely different.,Hot and spicy. Definitely different.
Cu-Avana Punisher,3 out of 5,"Punisher, for the first few minutes..","So much spice off the cold draw and first 10 or so minutes but after turns into a surprisingly good smoke. I actually enjoyed the spice but some may find it over powering, my friend asked me if it had been dipped in jalapenos! :)"
Cu-Avana Punisher,5 out of 5,Be ready for the heat!,I've had these many times before and again was not let down. The pepper almost overwhelms you but if you can last through the first half you'll be well rewarded.
Cu-Avana Punisher,4 out of 5,lip burner,"These burn your lips most of the stick due 2 being dipped in some hot substance,but overall it is still a good smoke if you can tolerate the small fire on your lips"
Cu-Avana Punisher,5 out of 5,"""That's a sum a speecy spicy ceegar""",I am a regular cigar smoker. I like stronger cigars. This one caught me by surprise.
Cu-Avana Punisher,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,This will spice up your day really good. You can smell the pepper before lighting up. Your lips will burn to the halfway point. Lol. The smoke is really pleasant. Good burn and keeps a nice long ash. Taste is very smooth. Will buy more
Cu-Avana Punisher,5 out of 5,Hot like fire . i Loved it .,I wish I had stoked up more! Punish your palate if you are not ready for it !!
Cu-Avana Punisher,4 out of 5,Spicy and Smooth,"great taste and spice, very smooth but a bad burn on most in the pack of 10."
Cu-Avana Punisher,1 out of 5,Disappointed...,I’ve had the punisher in the past and I loved it. It was spicey and flavorful. I haven’t bought any since 2013. I’ve been waiting the last three months for the punisher to be back in stock. This batch of punishers that I just ordered is like like fruit stripes gum. Good flavor for all of 30 seconds and then just bland and annoying afterwards. I am so disappointed.
Cu-Avana Punisher,5 out of 5,Absolutely love the punisher cigars.,"Absolutely love the punisher cigars. If you like to spice up your life, that's the way to do it!"
Cu-Avana Punisher,5 out of 5,Awesome is all i can say!!!!!,As always from CI top quality an shipping...the punisher is incredible from start to finish!!!
Cu-Avana Punisher,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,This cigar was a experience. I m new to the cigar world and was suggested this cigar by a friend when we got to discussing spicy food. The cigar has a great spicy taste with good burn to it. I would definitely suggest this to any level of cigar smoker new to experienced as long as you enjoy spicy or heavy flavor notes.
Cu-Avana Punisher,5 out of 5,The best,"Not just spicy, nothing short of awesome!"
Cuba Aliados Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Christmas in July,"I received my box of Cuba Aliados Cabinet Selection torpedoes just in time for the 4th of July. As I watched a legendary and memorable display of fireworks going off EVERYWHERE, I smoked my first one of theses delightful Honduran puros. To my pleasant surprise, they tasted great fresh out of the box. As in...no humidor time needed. I have had MANY Central American cigars that didn't taste right until they had been in my humidor for several months. None of that here.
The cigar starts out with some some lovely white pepper notes. I am a big fan of complex cigars, and pepper is one of my favorite elements in a cigar's flavor profile. This stick really delivers. The pepper blast doesnt last long...maybe 15 minutes or so. But, it definitely gets your attention. Then it fades into the background and a subtle baking spice starts to develop. Not cinnamon or ginger, but...star anise and a hint of cloves. Mmmm, very nice! After the first third, the baking spice faded away and I started getting a nice refined leather. Not like chewing on a baseball glove, mind you. More like the pleasant aroma of Italian leather. Like, when you buy your lady one of those overpriced handbags. Not Coach, or LV...oh no, she wants Prada! YIKES! Talk about sticker shock! THAT kind of leather. The really expensive stuff. But I digress...
The last third of the cigar reveals some rich coffee notes added to this happy parade of flavors. Then, what's this? A slowly rising strength...not enough to make me pace myself, or reach for something sweet to help me metabolize the nicotine. No crash helmet needed. Just a very pleasant cigar buzz. I am a happy boy!
The only thing wrong with this box of cigars is that there are not enough of them. Only 10 to a box. So, within a week or so, I got on the horn and gave the boys in Bethlehem, PA a jingle. Need another box of these...PRONTO! Like, priority shipping!
Seriously, guys...you can't go wrong here. A great cigar at a very reasonable price. It's a no brainer."
Cuba Aliados Cabinet Selection,4 out of 5,Good everyday smoke from start,Good everyday smoke from start to finish- inexpensive cigar but full bodied flavor of chocolate and spices.
Cuba Aliados Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Great little cigar,"Surprisingly good. Got them for free during a promo and expected them to be bottom of the barrel, but man was I wrong. These are some of my favorite smokes now. Definitely worth a shot"
Cuba Aliados Cabinet Selection,4 out of 5,Enjoyable,Nice cigar and waiting for a sale on this item. Enjoyed the samples.
Cuba Aliados Cabinet Selection,4 out of 5,Good cigar!,Good cigar!
Cuba Aliados Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
Cuba Aliados Cabinet Selection,4 out of 5,Aliases cabinet robusto,I got 5 of these on acid promo tried smoking one right out of the package it was rolled so tight it was like trying to drink a shake through a small straw even after poking a golf tee in it and it lost it's cap and started to unravel so I sweetened the caps of the rest of them and put them a humidor with a lot of distilled water for a day and a half. I tried one this morning and they are great smokes. Sweetness enhanced it and flavor poured out of it. I hope the rest of them are the same.
Cuba Aliados Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Suprise,"Very flavorful, but not harsh. Burns evenly,with an easy draw. Not much to dislike with this one. Recommend for every day smoke."
Cuba Aliados Cabinet Selection,4 out of 5,Great construction and taste.,Great construction and taste.
Cuba Aliados Cabinet Selection,4 out of 5,Solid smoke,"I thoroughly enjoyed the few I have tried. On a sale, I'd buy again."
Cuba Aliados Cabinet Selection,3 out of 5,"Good Flavor, Inconsistent Construction","Bought these on on of CI's great sales. Good flavor. Good draw. The construction is the wildcard. The wrapper likes to unravel, and the burn can be raggedy, so they can require some work while you are smoking them. I bought two bundles of 10 and one has a sweet cap and the other doesn't. I kinda like the sweet cap. Anyway, with some effort, you'll get an enjoyable cigar. IMHO these are great knockarounds. Pick some up on sale and give them a try."
Cuba Aliados Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Rolando Reyes Sr. Rocks,"These are excellent burning, eventful and tasty.
Rolando's blends never fail to please"
Cuba Aliados Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,I liked,"I am letting them age for even more flavor, but part is I am saving these as I really liked them. I have about 500 sticks, and these are in my top 10 at the moment."
Cuba Aliados Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Good medium body smoke enjoyed.,Good medium body smoke enjoyed.
Cuba Aliados Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Great cigar for the price,This is a good cigar clean even burn.
Cuba Aliados Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Fine cigar,Fine cigar
Cuba Aliados Cabinet Selection,4 out of 5,Good stick for the price,Good stick for the price
Cuba Aliados Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Cuba Aliados Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Good affordable smoke,For the price I paid for these sticks they smoked pretty great. Would recommend if you want to a buy a box of smokes.
Cuba Aliados Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Champeons,Nice smoke
Cuba Aliados Cabinet Selection,4 out of 5,Smooth full bodied cigar,Smooth full bodied cigar
Cuba Aliados Cabinet Selection,4 out of 5,"Excellent, but...","These cigars burn very well, they are a bit dark for me, that is why I am giving them a 3 star, not because of quality, they are 5 star quality, but I just don't like the dark-ness of these cigars, I am more in the middle with that type of cigar, would I recommend these? Yes I would, if that is what the person likes. Again, I am smoking them, and had a couple already, and maybe I will grow to like this type of cigar. Again, quality...5 Stars!"
Cuba Aliados Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke good price!
Cuba Aliados Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Cuba Aliados Cabinet Selection Torpedo,Great everyday smoke
Cuba Aliados Cabinet Selection,4 out of 5,Better than the original,Better and fuller flavor than the original. Very nice and good price.
Cuba Aliados Cabinet Selection,4 out of 5,Very good but Not the same as the 83rd Anniversary Edition,I have to age these a bit and let them dry out too. I received them and the first stick was a little tight on the roll and wouldn't draw correctly but I also think they were a little over humidified b/c I let a few sticks sit out for 2 weeks and and burned a lot better. I bought these b/c everyone recommended them as I was trying to hunt down a Cuba Aliados 83rd Anniversary Limited Edition which were 5 stars in my book. They're a good stick & you won't be disappointed but can't give a proper review until they age/dry out a bit properly.
Cuba Aliados Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,I need more of these.,"I am a Gurkha fan and I prefer dark cigars. I decided to give this different cigar a try. Well this was my first ""Cuban"" cigar. The best cigar I've had! I need more room in the humidor and then I will order many more of these. I got the little Robusto version. A truly clean smoke, even burn, and beautiful flavored masterpiece."
Cuba Aliados Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Great first experience,Love ur samplers great prices and has everything I was looking for.
Cuba Aliados Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Decadent Delight !!!,"This Rolando Reyes, Sr. Swan Song Has Everything You Would Expect From A Great Cigar."
Cuba Aliados Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,cigars,will buy more of these cigars in the future
Cuba Aliados Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,awsome cigars,awsome cigars will buy more
Cuba Aliados Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Exellent,Not for beginners!! great smoke!!!!
Cuba Aliados Cabinet Selection,4 out of 5,Let them rest for a week.,"Had one right on arrival was a decent smoke. Just finish having to in the last few days, EXCELLENT!!!. Just give 'em a week or 4 in the humi and they should be realdy to GO."
Cuba Aliados Maduro,5 out of 5,Quality service,Cigars international has top quality and prompt service .
Cuba Aliados Maduro,4 out of 5,Cuba Aliados Maduro,"They were okay, but they did keep going out. I probably wouldn’t order them again"
Cuba Aliados Maduro,5 out of 5,Awesome smoke,Great smoke. Loved these back in the day and very glad I found them again.
Cuba Aliados Maduro,5 out of 5,best smoke ever,"Very tasty full flavor
If there was an 11 that would be Its rating
Will deffenatly buy again"
Cuba Aliados Maduro,5 out of 5,A good smoke,A good cigar good draw good favor uniform construction good to the end.
Cuba Aliados Maduro,5 out of 5,best kept secret,These were a wonderful suprize
Cuba Libre,5 out of 5,Cuba Libre Indeed,"Both my Clients & Cuban Father love, love these Cigar Jewels!"
Cuba Libre,5 out of 5,One of my favorites,Pure awesomeness.
Cuba Libre,4 out of 5,Cuba Libre,It’s one of my favorite cigars.
Cuba Libre,3 out of 5,"Not a bad cigar, just","Not a bad cigar, just stronger than I usually prefer. They burned evenly and exceptionally well!"
Cuba Libre,4 out of 5,really good value for this,really good value for this smoke
Cuba Libre,5 out of 5,Nice and easy to smoke.,Nice and easy to smoke.
Cuba Libre,4 out of 5,Great cigar for afternoon leisure.,Great cigar for afternoon leisure.
Cuba Libre,5 out of 5,very satisfied,very satisfied
Cuba Libre,5 out of 5,Great short smoke,Not too big just right for a short satisfied smoke. Got a little of a sweet taste
Cuba Libre,4 out of 5,Smooth from the time you,"Smooth from the time you lite up , until it's time to put it out."
Cuba Libre,4 out of 5,One of my favorites look,One of my favorites look fo
Cuba Libre,5 out of 5,Very Good Smokes,I am enjoying these nice cigars they’re smooth and very good
Cuba Libre,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke ! Lots of,Excellent smoke ! Lots of flavor !
Cuba Libre,5 out of 5,The Brute,Nice mild flavor excellent even burn
Cuba Libre,5 out of 5,Smooth!,Nice smoke BBQing or just enjoying on patio with friends!
Cuba Libre,5 out of 5,Smooth and Tasty,I like Oliva Nub so I decided to try these Cuba Libre Brute bundles were on sale with free shipping and a nice lighter. I am very happy. They are ready to smoke after a week in the humidor and should get even better with age. It's a large ring so make sure to give it a proper lighting. The construction burn and draw all good. It is medium strength and very smooth. Tasty flavors of nut cocoa coffee and spice. Try these you will like them.
Cuba Libre,5 out of 5,"Good cigar, the silver label is better",Solid smoke
Cuba Libre,5 out of 5,Great smoke.,Very underrated cigar. This is always my go-to to keep stocked in my humidor. Fantastic smokes don't come at this price.
Cuba Libre,5 out of 5,Not bad at all. Interesting,"Magnum size cigar is good constructed, little bit soft on the touch. Burns even, very easy draw, and burns on the hot side, so make sure you rest cigar. Very nice tasty tabacco flavor, greenish taste, some pleasant earthiness, some nuts, medium body, nice long finish. Little bit tannins coming, kinda interesting dryness. Have some coffee ready( with milk) , or bourbon on rocks."
Cuba Libre,4 out of 5,as always a good smoke,as always a good smoke .
Cuba Libre,5 out of 5,Smooth,Best cigar for the money
Cuba Libre,5 out of 5,They are good,A lot more than I expected at that price. I smoked most of them and they all burned well. With a fat cigar that is not always the case. I will be buying them again
Cuba Libre,5 out of 5,Excellent,"I love these cigars. Smooth, medium bodied and priced Right. Great cigar for the money."
Cuba Libre,5 out of 5,Cuba libre,These cigars are pretty tasty and for the price well worth it!!
Cuba Libre,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Great Cigar
Cuba Libre,4 out of 5,Cuba Libre Epicure,"A delicious, satisfying smoke."
Cuba Libre,5 out of 5,Big sticks!,Can’t beat these to stick up the humidor. Well built and great for the price
Cuba Libre,4 out of 5,"Nice every day cigar, burns","Nice every day cigar, burns evenly"
Cuba Libre,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Cuba Libre,4 out of 5,"Great smoke, wish they would","Great smoke, wish they would not press them"
Cuba Libre,4 out of 5,Really good mild taste I,Really good mild taste I really enjoyed them
Cuba Libre,4 out of 5,Enjoyable,Enjoyable
Cuba Libre,5 out of 5,Beautiful Brute,"slow burn, long lasting, great flavor until the end"
Cuba Libre,5 out of 5,The Brute-Yes!,"Great draw,fabulous flavor. Medium,complex and well constructed. Always in my humidor and perfect for all times of day."
Cuba Libre,4 out of 5,"Good, basic stoge","Good, basic stoge"
Cuba Libre,5 out of 5,Awesome box press 60,once again CI does not fail..very nice 4 x60 box press..excellent burn and taste
Cuba Libre,5 out of 5,Great Cigars,Great cigar for the money.
Cuba Libre,4 out of 5,Nice short smoke,Perfect for a quick smoke. Smooth and tasty
Cuba Libre,5 out of 5,An absolute winner in my book!,"I do not normally give out 5/5 reviews but the quality of this cigar is remarkable considering it’s price point!
Has a constant unique sweetness to it that is dominant but underneath that, is a lot of other tasty notes that runs the gamut. And that’s just the flavor profile...
As for the construction? Awesome. The draw? Excellent! Have not had to use a draw poker on a single one yet.
Granted, this isn’t a high end cigar, it won’t win any awards, but what it is, is a SOLID, reliable price performer. Undoubtedly a new staple in my humidor."
Cuba Libre,3 out of 5,Review,It's a okay cigar
Cuba Libre,4 out of 5,Satisfying Smoke,Well balanced mellow smoke. The draw changed from stick to stick but never too light or too hard to pull.Good everyday cigar.
Cuba Libre,5 out of 5,Cuba Libre Carona,First time I've smoked these beauties. Very smooth and flavorful. To me i tasted a hint of chocolate. Excellent cigar with my coffee in the morning. Love these well crafted smokes.
Cuba Libre,5 out of 5,Short and stout,"Short, thick and beefy. Let these rest several weeks and they are wonderful."
Cuba Libre,4 out of 5,Great Smoke,I really enjoy my Cuba libre
Cuba Libre,5 out of 5,Good choice for a smaller cigar.,"Consistently good roll, box pressed, good size for cold weather when you can't be outside for 1 1/2 hours."
Cuba Libre,5 out of 5,Great cigar for anytime but,Great cigar for anytime but really great on the golf course!
Cuba Libre,5 out of 5,Outstanding stick,Burns and taste like a very expensive cigar. A definite favorite.
Cuba Libre,5 out of 5,a,very smooth
Cuba Libre,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,"Great taste, draw and well worth the money. I always keep these on hand."
Cuba Libre,4 out of 5,Will buy again and again,Well built....great flavor packed into a small package!
Cuba Libre One,5 out of 5,Great stick,Great for the price and would recommend to anyone.
Cuba Libre One,4 out of 5,Cubra Libre One Toro,"Decent cigar but not as firmly packed as their ""Brute"" model. This cigar is a bit spongy & burns faster."
Cuba Libre One,4 out of 5,Cuba libre,One of my favorite brands! Always a good smooth smoke!
Cuba Libre One,4 out of 5,Good Cigar,This is a very good cigar at a good price. I shall buy more.
Cuba Libre One,5 out of 5,Solid cigar,Solid cigar
Cuba Libre One,4 out of 5,Very good,Very good
Cuba Libre One,4 out of 5,Good,Good
Cuba Libre One,4 out of 5,Nice smoke,I have enjoyed these cigars
Cuba Libre One,5 out of 5,One of my favorites,I love these. Great taste. Great price.
Cuba Libre One,4 out of 5,Great choice for the $,Great stick....
Cuba Libre One,5 out of 5,Love them,Love them
Cuba Libre One,5 out of 5,Great cigar,I usually by Cuba Libre One Bruts. But I couldn’t buy them because they are 30+ days out. So I bought this cigar and it’s as good as the Bruts. Easy draw and an even burn. Great taste. Every time I go out in public and smoke one of these guys ask what I’m smoking because they smell so good. No matter what size you buy they are great.
Cuba Libre One,4 out of 5,Review Cuba Libre,Good Cigar for the money. Medium to mild with good draw.
Cuba Libre One,5 out of 5,Phenomenal Smoke at an Incredible Price!,"A low-cost stick that provides a high-end smoke! There's no better value to be found on CI PERIOD!! Great burn, great flavors and just a pleasurable cigar from beginning to end. Would highly recommend this over others cigars three times the price."
Cuba Libre One,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar! Not for the average smoker!,"A full-bodied stick, not for the average smoker! Tight with excellent draw and even burn. Starts spicy, progresses into a tobacco sweetness about 1/4 way down, smokes smooth and rich to the end with a heady finish. Take your time with this enjoyably potent cigar!
P.S. - this was a ""first time"" purchase experiment due to availability of my regular brand. Sometimes, you just have to dive in off of the high tower, right? :)"
Cuba Libre One,5 out of 5,good cigar. good price,This was a good deal and a nice smoke
Cuba Libre One,5 out of 5,“One”,"I love these cigars. They are big and bold and I like the ring size. I’ve ordered these many, many times and will always order again. When I can get them for 40 bucks a bundle, I’m beyond pleased. I also had an online order problem, so I called and the young woman who assisted me was wonderfully pleasant and very helpful in fixing the issue."
Cuba Libre One,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar for the price.,Excellent cigar for the price.
Cuba Libre One,5 out of 5,Cuba Libre One,"Any size or type, One of my favorite cigars, always burns nice and smooth tasting!"
Cuba Libre One,4 out of 5,go for it GREAT,as a 6x60 stick smoker .I got to say this little one is GREAT !
Cuba Libre One,5 out of 5,LuckyMan Approved,"Cuba Libre One - The Brute is my go-to cigar. I’ve been enjoying cigars for over 20 years, I’ve smoked everything from Cuban Cohibas to Swishers Sweets, and through all of my exploration this is my hands down favorite. I’d gladly pay 4 or 5 times the asking price if I had to, luckily these gems are priced for anyone’s budget. Not only are these some great tasting, mouth watering, smooth burning sticks, they are also apparently well taken by people around me. I always get compliments on good they’re aroma is. All in all, a great smoke. LuckyMan Approved"
Cuba Libre One,5 out of 5,Great Cigar!,"Rich, even burn, that stays cool down to the very end."
Cuba Libre One,5 out of 5,Nice cigars,Nice cigars
Cuba Libre One,5 out of 5,Good everyday smoke,Good everyday smoke
Cuba Libre One,4 out of 5,One of the best cigars,One of the best cigars you’ll ever find for the price.
Cuba Libre One,5 out of 5,Perfect,"This is one of the best cigars i have purchased. Burns even, long and stays together. Looking forward to the next sale."
Cuba Libre One,5 out of 5,The little Brute,"I really like this short fat guys, also perfect up here in mass. In the winter, for a short smoke when it's cold outside, 30--40 mins , taste is really decent, rolled great, smoked great ,excellent value, will purchase again, thanks CJ,"
Cuba Libre One,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,"Cruelly a Great Smoke. Rich flavor, tight wrap and long lasting."
Cuba Libre One,4 out of 5,Nice,I enjoy these. Good flavor.
Cuba Libre One,4 out of 5,Great cigar,Very smooth full cigar. I have shared it with others and all positive reviews.
Cuba Libre One,5 out of 5,Nice dark heavy flavor,Nice dark heavy flavor
Cuba Libre One,4 out of 5,GREAT LITTLE FATTIE,Great little fattie. Not faint at heart full bodied. Great construction.
Cuba Libre One,4 out of 5,Good cigars,"These cigars have a great flavor and burn very well, except for one of them. However they are good cigars👍"
Cuba Libre One,5 out of 5,Tasty lil stogies.,"A customer introduced me to this stogie. I love the flavor and draw of this cigar. Has become a favorite of mine. And I’m a Montecristo guy, so that’s saying something."
Cuba Libre One,5 out of 5,You will NOT be disappointed,Very good cigar. Burned even. Smoked it all the way through.
Cuba Libre One,5 out of 5,one of the best i tried so far,good smokes
Cuba Libre One,5 out of 5,Cuba Libre One,"These are the best cigars I have ever smoked! They burn well, have a consistent blend and are just my overall favorite cigar."
Cuba Libre One,5 out of 5,Good taste.,"Robusto, good constructed, easy draw, burns even. Medium to full body and medium finish, spices comes in first third , then get balanced with dark roasts ,oaky and nice taste of earthiness. Very descent cigar for money. Go ahead try one."
Cuba Libre One,5 out of 5,Super short smokes,Really enjoy this cigar. I’ve passed some to friends and they have given thumbs up.
Cuba Libre One,5 out of 5,Good—- very well worth the,Good—- very well worth the price
Cuba Libre One,5 out of 5,excellent,excellent and easily draw cigar!!!
Cuba Libre One,5 out of 5,#1 Every day cigar.,"When you want a great smoke, but don't have the time. This is the one for it's taste and price."
Cuba Libre One,4 out of 5,Cuba Libre One,"Definitely not my favorite, but can tolerate."
Cuba Libre One,5 out of 5,This cigar is the bomb,"This is amazing powerhouse of a cigar with very interesting smells and flavors. Right away I noticed herbal /floral notes something similar to rose. Coffee, wood a spicy and deep dark tobacco scents were also present and this was before lighting. Lighting this cigar produced the same scents but in a more concentrated ""toasted"" aroma and taste. My mouth and lips were tingling from the spiciness as well as coated in a wonderful oily feeling the smoke was thick , heavy and plentiful. My package came before I left for work so I naturally took it with me to open and have one on my lunch break to try. I barely got through the first quarter before people were sniffing the air around me and commenting on how awesome it smelled. I like to share with friends and ended up leaving that night with only 12 left! The next day they all were asking if they could but the rest from me!!! Great cigar."
Cuba Libre One,5 out of 5,Awesome,Awesome
Cuba Libre One,5 out of 5,Love it,Great priced stronger under appreciated cigar
Cuba Libre One,5 out of 5,Best shorty!,"Best shorty for the money, bar none. Smooth but tasty smoke waiting for grill to come to temp!"
Cuba Libre One,5 out of 5,Fat little beast and a great smoke,Amazing price on these as well. It does pack a punch but the out come is a really enjoyable smoke
Cuba Libre One,3 out of 5,Pretty average,"Bought it based on previous reviews. Unfortunately, the Robusto wasn't great. It burns OK but has a noticeable bitter taste. It's piled up in my humidor as I've been smoking others. Unlikely to order it again as there are much better smokes for the same cost."
Cuba Libre One,4 out of 5,Cuba libre,"A great smoke, great draw long lasting, great flavor"
Cuban Aristocrat Connecticut,5 out of 5,Very Nice,"Great cigar for the $. Smooth and burned evenly, always a good go-to cigar"
Cuban Aristocrat Connecticut,4 out of 5,Let them rest,"After resting in my humidor these burned well, had good smoke out put and a good flavor."
Cuban Aristocrat Connecticut,5 out of 5,Very good for the price!!,Very good for the price!!
Cuban Aristocrat Connecticut,5 out of 5,"If you like 'em mild, this should make you very happy!",A mild and creamy smoke. Perfect for early morning with a latte or late at night with a brandy. Inexpensive for such an impressive cigar.
Cuban Aristocrat Connecticut,4 out of 5,THE ARISTOCRAT,VERY NICE SMOOTH CIGAR SO GLAD I FOUND THEM
Cuban Aristocrat Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good affordable stick,"Got a decent price on the box so I ordered it. Wasn't disappointed. I use this as an out and about smoke golfing, yard work things li KI e that."
Cuban Aristocrat Connecticut,5 out of 5,I like it!,I like it!
Cuban Aristocrat Connecticut,5 out of 5,i will get me a nother one i get the money thanks,it is hard to find the filters here for the pipe but i do love it. thanks
Cuban Aristocrat Connecticut,5 out of 5,Recommended.,Smooth and flavorful. Burns evenly and emits a ton of smoke. I bought a 5 pack to try and I love them. Going for the box. Inexpensive enough to smoke every day.
Cuban Aristocrat Connecticut,5 out of 5,Mild and aromatic!,Nice cigar.
Cuban Aristocrat Connecticut,5 out of 5,A great anytime of the day cigar,"Love these Cuban Aristocrat cigars. I had been smoking the CA habanas and enjoying the smooth peppery finish in the evenings with some bourbon. These Connecticuts, however, are great anytime of the day. They've got a great, smooth taste and burn very nicely. I've always got them in my humidor."
Cuban Aristocrat Habano,5 out of 5,Great smoke,All I can say is delicious.
Cuban Aristocrat Habano,4 out of 5,Cuban Aristocrat Habano Churchill,This is a good cigar to sit down and relax with. The taste is satisfying and you definitely look forward to the next one! The burn is even and smooth. You can taste the earthy flavors that last all the way to the end. It won't burn your tongue if you smoke it down as far as you can. Give them a try for yourself. This is money well spent as this cigar is worth your time and attention. Have fun and enjoy your Cuban Aristocrat Habano Churchill! You'll be glad you did. 😎
Cuban Aristocrat Habano,5 out of 5,Very good smoke,"Mild smoke
I like the length-tried cutter 2 blade and hole cutter- like these with more flow using the the 2 blade"
Cuban Aristocrat Habano,4 out of 5,very smooth an light,very smooth an light
Cuban Aristocrat Habano,4 out of 5,Cuban habano aristocrat churchil,Good smoke but not the best
Cuban Aristocrat Habano,3 out of 5,Ok smoke,Taste is good but tough draw
Cuban Aristocrat Habano,5 out of 5,Aristocrati awesome,"I really enjoy this cigar, couldn't wait so I had one as soon as the arrived. The are getting even better now in the humi."
Cuban Aristocrat Habano,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Cuban Aristocrat Habano,2 out of 5,If you like putting a lot of effort into smoking your cigar !!! This one is for you,"Draw is horrible, burn is uneven, constantly relight (Flavor is ok). If you like putting a lot of work and effort into smoking your cigar this one is for you"
Cuban Aristocrat Habano,3 out of 5,Doesn't measure up,"Not sure where the undertones of cocoa were or the sweetness. There was some coffee notes, a bit of hay and not much else. On the retro-hale there was the cayenne pepper notes but not otherwise noticeable. A rather plain cigar for a habano. They need to tune the blend or aging.
Draw was fine, burn was even, not a horrible cigar just lackluster mostly."
Cuban Aristocrat Habano,3 out of 5,Cuban Aristocrat Habano Robusto,"I bought a five-pack. A couple of them had pretty tight draws. Nice tasting cigar, though."
Cuban Aristocrat Habano,3 out of 5,Maybe a problem batch?,"The taste is very nice, what you would expect from a Habano. Now, here's the problems I had: hard draw, uneven burn and constant relighting. I don't play that game. So, I won't be venturing their way again."
Cuban Aristocrat Habano,5 out of 5,My first Cuban Aristocrat Habano Churchill,"Great smoke, will buy again... Smooth taste and a slight peppery after taste."
Cuban Aristocrat Habano,5 out of 5,First time buyer,"Being as I am a beginner of handmade sticks, these are the smoothest cigar I have ever had. I may need to buy a box or 2......"
Cuban Aristocrat Habano,5 out of 5,Bought a 5 pack. Will be getting a 20 box next.,"Bought a 5 pack; will be getting a 20 box next. Very enjoyable. Slow and even burn, smooth medium body that stays consistent throughout. Faint, sweet undertones of chocolate and peppery spice. The robusto is the perfect size for me and the habano wrapper is delicious. This is a gem of a cigar. Going to turn my friends on to it. And the price, of course, is absolutely terrific!"
Cuban Aristocrat Maduro,4 out of 5,Smooth & well constructed,A bit to light for my tastes but overall a well built cigar
Cuban Aristocrat Maduro,5 out of 5,Cigar Lover,Cuban Aristocrat's Madura is one heck of a good cigar nice and tasty and the price is great for such a good cigar..
Cuban Aristocrat Maduro,4 out of 5,Quality,I appreciate your easy order and delivery.
Cuban Aristocrat Maduro,4 out of 5,Nice Smoke,Has a distinct cream taste on immediate inhale that I like and follows with a light spice that lingers. Quite pleasing for its price.
Cuban Aristocrat Maduro,5 out of 5,Cigar Lover,Love the taste and the burn is smooth. Been keeping these in my humidor full time. Love CI 's service and prices.
Cuban Aristocrat Maduro,5 out of 5,First time I tried these.,First time I tried these. They're pretty good.
Cuban Aristocrat Maduro,5 out of 5,Very smooth,Very smooth
Cuban Classics Maduro,4 out of 5,Great Cigar,I really loved these cigars and ya can’t beat the price. Wonderful flavor!
Cuban Classics Maduro,5 out of 5,Awesome Smoke,Really enjoyed this cigar
Cuban Classics Maduro,5 out of 5,Smooth and a good size,Really enjoyed these
Cuban Classics Maduro,5 out of 5,Good,Good flavor and burn for an inexpensive cigar.
Cuban Classics Maduro,4 out of 5,A good cigar.,"Had a nice smooth draw, the burn was smooth also. I did some checking far as I know they are authentic. Cigar International always sells top quality premium cigars. I'm such a loyal customer they gave me a good price to. Has some nut,pepper influence in the taste wrapped into Honduras and Nicaragua wrapper."
Cuban Classics Maduro,5 out of 5,A good cigar.,"Had a nice smooth draw, the burn was smooth also. I did some checking far as I know they are authentic. Cigar International always sells top quality premium cigars. I'm such a loyal customer they gave me a good price to. Has some nut,pepper influence in the taste wrapped into Honduras and Nicaragua wrapper."
Cuban Classics Maduro,2 out of 5,Cuban classics,"Not a fan, the draw is not smooth, they burn irregular and not tasty"
Cuban Classics Maduro,5 out of 5,Cuban classic,Very nice cigar and excellent smoke
Cuban Delights,4 out of 5,Great Cigar at Great Price,A smooth flavored cigar at a great price. Keep me informed when they are back in stock.
Cuban Delights,5 out of 5,New favorite cigar,"What an awesome cigar! Smooth, burns even, excellent taste."
Cuban Delights,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Great cigar for the price
Cuban Delights,4 out of 5,They’re good if they were,They’re good if they were wrapped tighter I would have given 5 stars
Cuban Delights,4 out of 5,good chewing cigars,"good chewing cigar , when they are not back ordered"
Cuban Delights,5 out of 5,Pleasantly Surprised,"Pleasantly surprised, I received them yesterday afternoon, smoked one up right away. I used a punch, good draw, great ash, taste was really good! I smoked a couple more throughout the afternoon and evening, you know; social distancing, BBQing and having some adult refreshments! They were so good that I came back today to order more but, much to my disappointment they are on ""back order"""
Cuban Delights,4 out of 5,Great value,"Great price, good taste"
Cuban Delights,5 out of 5,Cuban Delights Amarettp,Great cigar with a nice finish!
Cuban Delights,3 out of 5,CCNARC,"Not a bad back yard knock around smoke. You get a few unsmokeable per box as the roll is sketchy. Flavor is decent, sweat at first then a mild smoke after. But if your looking for a cheap smoke while working in the garage or yard, these will fit the need"
Cuban Delights,5 out of 5,Cuban Delights Cigars,A good smoke that wont break the bank. They're not the Cuban cigars I used to smoke in the 70's but then again there are no more cigars like that but they have a nice flavor and I enjoy them.
Cuban Delights,4 out of 5,Sweet and tasty,Sweet and tasty
Cuban Delights,3 out of 5,"Average cigar, not bad","Right off the bat I was a bit iffy about these. When I opened the box they were quite dry. The first one I had I couldn’t get a draw on and when I tried to loosen it a bit the wrapper cracked. The second one I had the entire thing cracked when I used my punch on it. I rehydrated the batch with a microfiber cloth dampened a bit with DI water and put in a ziplock for a few hours with the cigars still in the plastic wrappers for those that don’t have humidity packs. About an hour in I could hear one in the bag pop but I can’t figure out what one.
Since then, I’ve been able to enjoy them with no issues. Good clean draw, decent basic flavor, nice and relaxing. Despite my issues I do enjoy these as a cheap causal smoke in between my Banditos when I want a longer smoke.
Overall it is a decent cigar for the price, better than Swishers and Phillies, not quite as good of quality as Factory Throwouts. I’d recommend them as a cheap alternative if you want something to fill your humidor with a casual cigar, but not something I’d gift to anyone."
Cuban Delights,4 out of 5,Great cigar for the price,Great cigar for the price
Cuban Delights,5 out of 5,Cuban Delights,Great smoke and even better price.
Cuban Delights,5 out of 5,Excellent flavor for the price!,Excellent flavor for the price!
Cuban Delights,5 out of 5,Excellent bang for the buck,"Excellent cigar for the money. If you’re not looking to spend a bunch of money on cigars and need a good starter cigar, this is it. I like a sweeter, smooth cigar and this one does the job. The big box of 50 lasts quite awhile."
Cuban Delights,3 out of 5,Cuban Delights Corona Vanilla,"Overall I like these cigars and have tried almost all varieties. The only problem I have consistently encountered is that about a 1/3 to 1/2 of the cigars in any given box the filler does not burn while the tobacco wrapper does. In most cases, I have to cut the unburned part then relight the cigar."
Cuban Delights,5 out of 5,Delights,Nice smoke
Cuban Delights,5 out of 5,They are the best,i love everything about them!!!!!
Cuban Delights,4 out of 5,Perfect cigar for a quick smoke.,"I purchased a box(50) of these on a whim, as the reviews were good and the price right ($1.90 each), and I was pleasantly surprised. They burn well, and for the most part, evenly. An early concern was that they were dry and crumbling, even after a few days in my humidor, but I fixed that by leaving the cellophane wrapper on until I was ready to smoke it, and that cured that issue. My only complaint is that, while the taste was excellent at the start, it turns acrid about half way through, sometimes sooner, requiring me to toss it. But for the price, I'm willing to tolerate that. These cigars are perfect for any quick smoke, whether I'm walking the dog, running an errand, or simply just have a few minutes available to smoke. I will be ordering another box soon."
Cuban Delights,4 out of 5,Delicious Cigars,"good quality, nice and delicious cigars. thanks."
Cuban Delights,5 out of 5,Good cigar,For me I like Cuban Delights as well as any cigar that that I have ever smoked. I don't have a lot of money and I am pleased with this cigar.
Cuban Delights,5 out of 5,Great Bargin,Great price for a very good mellow cigar
Cuban Delights,5 out of 5,Everyday go to,Met all my expectations. First found this one in a DR bundle and it fit my everyday needs perfectly. It is my go to until I find a better value. That may not ever happen. 5 stars for it's intended purpose.
Cuban Delights,4 out of 5,Good cigars.,"I smoke two a day at work. For a cheap everyday at work cigar they are worth every penny. If your looking for an every day cheap smoke that has the taste of a Romeo your gonna be disappointed. But for the money, I’m satisfied. Oh and the cigars international store in The Colony Texas is the most awesome store I’ve been in to. Very friendly knowledgeable staff that have impeccable customer service. I never shop anywhere else."
Cuban Delights,4 out of 5,"Good flavor and descent smoke, draw, burn for the money.","Good flavor and descent smoke, draw, burn for the money."
Cuban Delights,5 out of 5,For a cheapie this is,For a cheapie this is a great cigar.
Cuban Delights,3 out of 5,good price,"great chery flovor, nice smoke for the price"
Cuban Delights,3 out of 5,good price,"good for the price, but a 50 pack is to much for me, i get board with the same flavor"
Cuban Delights,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,"These are great little cigars, slightly sweet, nice even burn, mild taste, great price! What's not to like....."
Cuban Delights,4 out of 5,Mid size cigar,"Very good, long lasting"
Cuban Delights,3 out of 5,I thought it included all,I thought it included all favors not just one.
Cuban Delights,5 out of 5,Good cigar!,I really enjoy these cigars. The price is right.🇺🇸
Cuban Delights,4 out of 5,Cuban Delight I,"Most are a delight, some are stronger and a hard draw."
Cuban Delights,5 out of 5,Ira,"They’re mild and have a excellent taste for me, also since I don’t smoke very often, they don’t give me a bad headache, in all they’re perfect to me!"
Cuban Delights,4 out of 5,Nice short smoke,"A slight sweetness, and a fairly good short smoke."
Cuban Delights,3 out of 5,Not bad for the price,Decent every day smoke for the budget minded smoker
Cuban Delights,4 out of 5,Great smoke,Still loving them
Cuban Delights,4 out of 5,My Corona,Really enjoyed
Cuban Delights,5 out of 5,"Good flavor, low cost","Good flavor, low cost"
Cuban Delights,3 out of 5,so-so,so-so
Cuban Delights,4 out of 5,Great everyday Smoke!,"Very Nice Stick! Easy Light, Stayed Lit! Good Flavor!"
Cuban Delights,4 out of 5,"Cuban Delights, Churchill","I didn't have high expectations for this smoke, however I have been pleasantly surprised at the aroma and the overall taste. This is a great little stick for the golf course or just wandering around the yard"
Cuban Delights,4 out of 5,good,good
Cuban Delights,4 out of 5,Unravelling...,"I don't know if it a freshness issue, or how they're wrapped, but for the third time buying a box of these cigars, they start unravelling while being smoked.
I may have to find a new cigar."
Cuban Delights,5 out of 5,Great flavor,Great flavor
Cuban Delights,4 out of 5,smooth light,smooth light
Cuban Delights,5 out of 5,great cigar for the price,great cigar for the price
Cuban Delights,3 out of 5,sale item,ok as a humidor filler!
Cuban Delights,4 out of 5,Cuban Delights Corona Vanilla,"some draw good some don't, same with the vanilla flavor, some are good some you can barely taste the flavor, over all they a good valve for the money and I keep ordering them"
Cuban Honeys,5 out of 5,"Fresh, smooth even burn, flavor","Fresh, smooth even burn, flavor profile was subtle"
Cuban Honeys,3 out of 5,Beth K,Tastes honey/cherry. Which is lovely. Was hard to keep lit. My husband and I both had trouble in this regard. Price wasn't bad.
Cuban Honeys,5 out of 5,Great taste,Great taste
Cuban Honeys,5 out of 5,Great everyday cigar,Great everyday cigar
Cuban Honeys,5 out of 5,Best flavored cigar evah!,"One of those rare cigars you take just a couple puffs and say, ""Wow, that's a great cigar!"" Highly recommended for anyone in search of a mild, flavored cigar that will keep you going back to your humidor for another."
Cuban Honeys,5 out of 5,Give me a Honey,"Good smoke, not overly sweet while holding a rich taste."
Cuban Honeys,5 out of 5,Great Flavor,A great smooth but strong cherry flavor!!!
Cuban Honeys,5 out of 5,Ladies Delight,My wife enjoys these at the end of a busy day. she say the flavor is mild but adds just the right amount of sweetness.
Cuban Honeys,5 out of 5,Great little cigar . Smooth,Great little cigar . Smooth . Even burning. Will buy again.
Cuban Honeys,5 out of 5,Pleasantly Surprised,"I ordered these as a cheap filler for my humidor. Now these little honeys have a permanent home with me. Great smoke,Great flavor."
Cuban Honeys,4 out of 5,Good mild smoke.,Good mild smoke.
Cuban Honeys,5 out of 5,honey,"If youre looking for a honey-you found one! Cuban Honeys are smooth, soft on the pallett. This honey is a great day to day easy draw smoke. Pick up your honey today!"
Cuban Honeys,4 out of 5,Good,Good
Cuban Honeys,5 out of 5,Great smoke ( Says my wife),Wife quit cigs. and this is a great substitute ! They are mild and quite tasty !! I kind of like em also!
Cuban Honeys,5 out of 5,Very fresh and robust,Great flavor and they burn perfect while sipping scotch.
Cuban Honeys,5 out of 5,Great flavor,Great flavor and fast shipment! Great cigars!
Cuban Honeys,5 out of 5,Cuban Honeys,Very good and I will definitely be buying more in the future.
Cuban Honeys,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar I have,This Cigar I have no other like this great flavor and I love it thanks for it
Cuban Honeys,5 out of 5,All your other Honeys were,"All your other Honeys were out of stock in the longer size.
Is the Lutz store in Fla. open?"
Cuban Honeys,5 out of 5,Honey if a Cigar,Mild and smaller than most of my other cigars. Perfect for a short smoke.
Cuban Honeys,4 out of 5,A very enjoyable smoke,A very enjoyable smoke
Cuban Honeys,3 out of 5,Hard draw,"Not all, but most Would not stay lit"
Cuban Honeys,5 out of 5,Great with beer,Great with beer
Cuban Honeys,5 out of 5,Great Smoke!!,Nice coffee flavored cigar mixture
Cuban Honeys,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"great cigar, good draw,nice even burn, great taste"
Cuban Honeys,3 out of 5,Cuban Honey's,"These aren't really bad but they aren't really good either. These are a good yard work, grilling, or just going for a ride in the country cigar. decent construction on the ones I have smoked but again nothing spectacular."
Cuban Honeys,4 out of 5,Padron cigar guy,"Great little dessert cigar, just a nice sweet cigar, burn was good and construction good, aroma was good my wife liked the smell. It reminded me of the great smell of Pipe tobacco. Just good once a a while sweet cigar, I'll be buying more."
Cuban Honeys,5 out of 5,Perfect cigar.. I need more..,Perfect cigar.. I need more..
Cuban Honeys,5 out of 5,A really great cigar..👍🏾,A really great cigar..👍🏾
Cuban Honeys,4 out of 5,my other review,"sweet touch of honey. burned straight, even and cool."
Cuban Honeys,4 out of 5,La Aurora s Cuba Honey,"Excellent flavored cigar, swear it tastes like a ole soda pop I used to like as A 12 year old, too sweet for my taste so only give a 4. I have tried 2 others I thought were La Aurora but they were just using closely associated names and they wouldnt make a 2 on my pallet."
Cuban Honeys,5 out of 5,A relaxing smoke,"I purchased these as an everyday commuting smoke. Nothing fancy. Great flavor , if you like that type of thing. Good pricing."
Cuban Honeys,5 out of 5,Taste is fantastic.,Taste of the cigar is one of the best.
Cuban Honeys,3 out of 5,Not Sure About This.....,Taste was there but the smoke was questionable. The flavor profile broke down way too early in the smoke and all of them burned unevenly until about 2/3 done.
Cuban Honeys,5 out of 5,Smooth and Easy,"I'm new to the cigar game, but this was exactly what I was looking for"
Cuban Honeys,5 out of 5,Take anywhere treat.,"Small, sweet and awesome!"
Cuban Honeys,5 out of 5,Great little cigar!,"I love the consistency of burn, the copious creamy smoke, and particularly the chocolate/ coconut nuance that lingers on the finish. My favorite of the CH line."
Cuban Honeys,5 out of 5,Cuban Honeys Corona-Honey,"I've been searching for a good Cuban Cigar and Honeys are the ones I
enjoy most. I'm very satisfied with the taste of these.
Thank you"
Cuban Honeys,5 out of 5,Cuban honeys sampler,Fantastic cigar I smoke them to my fingers now I'm going to try another flavor and try to deside what one I like the best to order a box I got it in a 5 pack sampler and I'm glad I bought them. Thanks ci.
Cuban Honeys,4 out of 5,5 pack sampler,I got these on a promo sampler now I'm trying to decide what one I want to buy a box of I usually smoke corona but these are great all the way to the nub sweet cap and wonderful flavor thanks ci for the 5 pack promo
Cuban Honeys,5 out of 5,It’s one of the better,It’s one of the better cigars I have smoked in quite a while
Cuban Honeys,4 out of 5,This company does have a great selection of cigars,"Not a bad cigar,love the flavor,I will definitely buy more in do time"
Cuban Honeys,4 out of 5,If it wasn't for the price...,If it wasn't for the price I don't think I've have ever tried these. It seemed like the cigars you get at a liquor store or convenience store. I was pleasantly surprised. They were sweet and delicious and burned very well.
Cuban Honeys,5 out of 5,great smoke,great smoke
Cuban Honeys,4 out of 5,"Good smoke, the right amount","Good smoke, the right amount of flavor; not over flavored"
Cuban Honeys,5 out of 5,Southern Gentleman indeed!!,"My husband, a southern gentleman himself, LOVES these cigars!!! They are his favorite!"
Cuban Honeys,5 out of 5,Smooth with a good taste.,Smooth with a good taste. Nice cigar
Cuban Honeys,5 out of 5,Very nice cigars,I absolutely love these ready to try some more of their products
Cuban Honeys,4 out of 5,The taste is perfect blend,The taste is perfect blend of spice and sweet but the smoke is a bit mild. Still a very enjoyable cigar. I’d buy these again!
Cuban Honeys,5 out of 5,Love these Cuban Honeys!,"These are one of my favorites...great taste, like honey and cream soda! I will definitely order these again, and you should too."
Cuban Rounds Connecticut,5 out of 5,Nice cigar,Nice cigar
Cuban Rounds Connecticut,5 out of 5,Nice daily smoke,Nice daily smoke
Cuban Rounds Connecticut,5 out of 5,CR,Very good smoke
Cuban Rounds Connecticut,5 out of 5,Good smoke,"My go to cigar. I bought my 1st couple at a cigar shop in AZ . Glad CI had them at a GREAT price , Been smoking them ever since. Thank you CI"
Cuban Rounds Connecticut,5 out of 5,Go to..,"Our new ""go to"" for excellent burn and even burn."
Cuban Rounds Connecticut,4 out of 5,Well worth the price,"Just purchased a box after trying my first one. Very mild smoke for those who don't like strong , harsh smokes. It had an even burn great draw and overall maintained its original taste from start to finish. Great every day smoke at a great price.."
Cuban Rounds Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good but poor constructed.,"Very good everyday smoke, but not constructed well. However, they are a good deal and will I continue to purchase them."
Cuban Rounds Connecticut,4 out of 5,WTV,"These cigars are a great everyday cigar! Thay are well constructed, have an even burn and are very flavorful and consistent."
Cuban Rounds Connecticut,4 out of 5,Great smokes,If find these sticks to be smooth. They also burn and draw great I’m ready to buy more
Cuban Rounds Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great cigars,"I'll be buying more, of these great sticks"
Cuban Rounds Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good and Mild,"This cigar is a very good smoke, smooth and mild. A great cigar at a really good price."
Cuban Rounds Connecticut,4 out of 5,Cuban rounds,Smooth cigar. Sometimes light goes out. Goals value for the money
Cuban Rounds Connecticut,4 out of 5,Cuban Rounds,Good tasting mild cigar for a great price. I will buy more!
Cuban Rounds Connecticut,5 out of 5,"Smooth, Mild, & Affordable",It's fast becoming my favorite smoke.
Cuban Rounds Maduro,5 out of 5,These are slow burning and,These are slow burning and not harsh. Good for a long smoke with some great Scotch.
Cuban Rounds Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke,I am really enjoying them and will purchase more in the future...great sticks and smooth
Cuban Rounds Maduro,3 out of 5,Cuban rounds,Good smoke for the price
Cuban Rounds Maduro,5 out of 5,Amazing...,Probably my favorite cigar has a great balance of flavor. It is well rolled and burns very even and smooth I highly recommend.
Cuban Rounds Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,Great everyday smoke! Would definitely buy again.
Cuban Rounds Maduro,4 out of 5,ok smoke,not bad
Cuban Rounds Maduro,4 out of 5,Good Smoke,B+. I really enjoy
Cuban Rounds Maduro,5 out of 5,Cuban Rounds,"Easy to smoke , yet flavorful. A bargain!"
Cuban Rounds Maduro,4 out of 5,Great value,Good cigar!
Cuban Rounds Maduro,5 out of 5,Good cigars,Okay flavor for price
Cuban Rounds Maduro,5 out of 5,Great EDC,"Very good for the price. NOTHING LIKE A MADURO CUBAN,but still a decent,affordable,tasty,well constructed Smoke."
Cuban Rounds Maduro,5 out of 5,Good quality and satisfying flavor,Satisfying flavor and structure.
Cuban Rounds Maduro,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke for a great price
Cuban Rounds Maduro,5 out of 5,A good smoke at a,A good smoke at a very affordable price a go to cigar for me
Cuban Rounds Maduro,4 out of 5,Good mild,Good mild
Cuban Rounds Maduro,5 out of 5,Good,Good
Cuban Rounds Maduro,5 out of 5,excellent,My wife and I enjoyed them
Cuban Rounds Natural,4 out of 5,Cheap and decent,One of the better more consistent cuban sandwich cigars. I smoke these because they're cheap and they dont break the bank
Cuban Rounds Natural,4 out of 5,Good value,Pretty good smoke for the price. I have ordered multiple times and will continue to order.
Cuban Rounds Natural,5 out of 5,Every Day Smokes,Nice clean draw and taste. Recommend
Cuban Rounds Natural,5 out of 5,Cuban Rounds smoke,Very nice cigar. One seems to last for nine holes on the golf course.
Cuban Rounds Natural,5 out of 5,Nice good cheap cigars,Nice good cheap cigars
Cuban Rounds Natural,5 out of 5,on the money,these guys are a real good cigar for the money. these are as good as it gets for cheap cigars IMHO.good smoke!
Cuban Rounds Natural,4 out of 5,LOOKING FORWARD TO MORE FLAVORFUL.,"THEY CAME! I got them from U.S. Mail, thought UPS.... Anyway, I opened the packaging and placed them in my new HUMIDOR, which after calibrating for 30 hours, add drops of DISTILL water to cover HYDROMETER...STAYS AT 62%....WEEK ! I OPENED one, it's an O.K. a bit ""dull"" - BUT, THEY'LL be a SECONDARY smoke, I ""HOPE"" to find a more FLAVORFUL SMOKES...JUST I'm tight on finances so will have to make do for now"
Cuban Rounds Natural,5 out of 5,Great cigar,One of my favorite smokes!
Cuban Twists,4 out of 5,JTH,Great everyday smoke!!!!
Cuban Twists,5 out of 5,Nice smooth cigars.,Nice smooth cigars.
Cuban Twists,5 out of 5,Very good!,Great cigar for the price.
Cuban Twists,4 out of 5,Good every day cigar,"Good flavor, light draw, and good construction. I wouldn't say its my favorite, but definitely worth the money."
Cuban Twists,5 out of 5,GREAT CIGAR,Burns very even. Great taste!!! For the price you can't go wrong!!!
Cuban Twists,5 out of 5,Best Smoke for Your Buck!,"I am not a verified buyer from CI, however a local tobacco store in my hometown has these and I purchased a roll of these today and enjoy them so much I felt a review was needed.
Here are my personal tasting notes:
Starts off smooth with a profound amount of smoke. Smoke is creamy, spicy subtleties with an aire of earthiness and perhaps a hint of leather. Not overly nutty.
Cigar quality:
Even burn in the several I have had both past and present (as in the one I am currently smoking) and draw is perfect for me. The smoke seems to effortlessly drawl and remains creamy even to the finish. ***one suggestion however would be to ""purge"" the cigar every year 1/4 to every 1/5 depending on what size you choose to get as this helps keep the smoke creamy, flowing, and cool***. I would not ordinarily purchase a roll or even a box as I don't smoke often enough nor can I afford premium cigars as a daily or even semi weekly.
Overall thoughts:
If you are someone looking for a mellow, good quality cigar that doesn't break the bank but will keep folks wondering what you're smoking, this is the cigar for you.
Enjoy!"
Cuban Twists,4 out of 5,Great bargin,These are a decent smoke and for this price its a fantastic deal
Cuban Twists,5 out of 5,Cuban twist,"Best cigars so far, but I can't afford them"
Cuban Twists,5 out of 5,"Nice draw, Mellow,stays lit. Has","Nice draw, Mellow,stays lit. Has solid ash."
Cuban Twists,5 out of 5,Smooth and aromatic,"I've smoked real expensive cigars and I've smoked some that smelled like manure, but for a good smooth great tasting cigar - you can't beat this robusto Cuban Twist ."
Cuban Twists,4 out of 5,perfect everyday cigar,"Best you can get for the money . It has good middle , fbut fair end."
Cuban Twists,3 out of 5,Good Smoke,Decent smoke for the price. 16 of the sticks smoked well the others were fair.
Cuban Twists,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Just love this cigar wish I could get it in boxpressed
Cuban Twists,5 out of 5,What a cigar!!!!!,"Casey says he just love this new cigar ,has great flavor burns slow and great toast puff after puff great cigar a must have!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
Cuban Twists,5 out of 5,Great for the money,"Gave these a shot ,the price was great .nice maduro flavor.A good everyday cigar,burn is good,draw is even better,the 50 ring is more like a 48 size.Smooth like a full flavor without the punch.Taste lingers a bit.Hard to believe it’s a sandwich..would buy again! Thanks CI for another homerun.Been buying for over 20 years now.."
Cubero Blend No. 7,4 out of 5,A decent quick smoke.,A decent quick smoke. Great for the price. I like the sealed packs of 2 as it doesn't take up space in my humidor.
Cubero Blend No. 7,5 out of 5,"Because of its price tag, I couldn't complain about it.",not bad
Cubero Blend No. 7,4 out of 5,Cubero cigariloos,"Really like these no. 7 blends. You guys have great clearance deals, prices,shipping and customer service. I also appreciate the discounts awarded to our veterans. I spread the word about your company at every opportunity"
Cubero Blend No. 7,5 out of 5,GREAT DEAL GREAT CIGAR,Nice little cigar for the price
Cubero Blend No. 7,3 out of 5,Cubero Blend,Nice little cigar. Thought I had ordered a flavored blend so am a little disappointed.
Cubero Blend No. 7,5 out of 5,Cheap and tasty cigarillos. Nothing,"Cheap and tasty cigarillos. Nothing fancy, nothing wrong. I enjoyed them."
Cubero Blend No. 7,5 out of 5,She'll love 'em!,Good smokes for dames.
Cubero Blend No. 7,5 out of 5,She'll love 'em!,Good cigars for dames.
Cubero Blend No. 7,4 out of 5,Quick cigar hit,Great 5 minute cigar fix. Tasty too. Careful as burns quickly so ash builds up fast.
Cubero Blend No. 7,5 out of 5,EARTHY-COCONUT FLAVOR!,"These lil things surprised me when I cracked a pack open...They don't taste like grape at all!...But they have a wonderful earthy-cocnut flavor to them. I don't know if some of the other reviews got bad boxes or what, but the flavor is strong and nobody mentions it....I'm sincerely diggin the flavor!
[box color shown on top is wrong, it's purple, not green]"
Cubero Blend No. 7,5 out of 5,Another order on the way!,"I like them. I find, I like having several different varieties around, so I can pick & choose. I alternate these with their No.35 flavor. Glad I started trying cigarillos, perfect when I don't feel like a larger cigar. Just bought some more."
Cubero Blend No. 7,4 out of 5,Cubero,Very nice quick smoke when you don’t have a lot if time. Nice flavor and good even burn
Cubero Blend No. 7,4 out of 5,"Good taste,good price","Good taste,good price"
Cubero Blend No. 7,5 out of 5,Inexpensive yet nice drag,"Taste isn't very strong, but the drag is. Nice pull if you want a strong inexpensive 15 minute smoke. No joke !!"
Cubero Blend No. 7,4 out of 5,It was ok,It was ok
Cubero Blend No. 7,5 out of 5,Love it,Love it
Cubero Blend No. 7,4 out of 5,Not bad for pouch cigars,Smooth light cigar burns good
Cubero Blend No. 7,3 out of 5,"Cubero ""grape""","They were OK. The sweet blend is my better choice, but I really like the Mocha. Nice mild flavor on all for a quick smoke."
Cubero Blend No. 7,5 out of 5,Howard,Great little 10 minute smoke taste is good
Cubero Blend No. 7,5 out of 5,Inexpensive With Good Draw,"If you're looking for inexpensive cigars with a 'kick' , look no further !"
Cubero Blend No. 7,5 out of 5,Great for the lady!,"This was for my wife,and she loved the 3 different flavors! Wonderful!"
Cubero Blend No. 7,3 out of 5,CUBERO cigarillos,Ok for quick smoke not much flavor
Cubero Blend No. 7,4 out of 5,Strong Little Stogie,Inexpensive smoke that has a kick other stogies don't
Cubero Blend No. 7,2 out of 5,Worth what you pay.,Not much flavor and fairly harsh.
Cubero Blend No. 7,1 out of 5,ok in a pinch.,"these cigars had no flavor. they were an ok quick smoke, but no flavor."
Cubero Blend No. 7,2 out of 5,Burned way to fast. Great,Burned way to fast. Great taste but didn’t last very long.
Cubero Blend No. 7,4 out of 5,Great Mini,love the thickness of this mini. Smoke when I do not have time for a regukar cigar or just want a quick fix
Cubero Blend No. 7,3 out of 5,Wine In-fused Cubero Np. 7,"A nice smoke for a small cigar. Nice notes of oak, and initially a little wine flavor. Not bad for the money."
Cubero Blend No. 7,5 out of 5,Cubero,"Not a bad little cigar.Just big enough to smoke and enjoy ,without the mess of lightning up a full size cigar..Would highly recommend this cigar to all..."
Cubero Blend No. 7,4 out of 5,A Decent Quick Smoke,"Not usually much for small or for flavored cigars, however I couldn't pass up the temptation, based on the clearance price. Glad I pulled the trigger on this one."
Cubero Blend No. 7,4 out of 5,Cubero,For a quick smoke it's great and the flavors are good to all around good little cigar.
Cubero Blend No. 7,4 out of 5,Good for the price,Good flavor and they stay fresh in the package. Good for a quick smoke.
Cubero Blend No. 7,5 out of 5,Great buy,Great buy
Cubero Blend No. 7,5 out of 5,Very good,I liked
Cubero Blend No. 7,5 out of 5,Nice little smoke,"I like these little cigars they have a good flavor,they burn good and are perfect for a quick smoke,nice little smokes."
Cubero Blend No. 7,1 out of 5,A TOTAL WASTE,"A TOTAL WASTE, TASTE LIKE I LICKED AN ASTRAY"
Cubero Blend No. 7,4 out of 5,"Flavored Cigars? You're kidding, right?","I buy these for my wife, who generally comes out to the man cave while I'm smoking to keep me company. She likes them so all is good with me. I'm a double ligero kind of guy. Flavored Cigars just don't do it for me."
Cubero Blend No. 7,5 out of 5,Cubero blendno.7,Good little smoke for those 10 minute stops .
Cubero Blend No. 7,5 out of 5,Not bad,Not bad for a short cigar
Cubero Blend No. 7,4 out of 5,Average cigar,"Standard foil pack cigar, basically what I expected decent flavor not bad for a quick smoke"
Cubero Blend No. 7,5 out of 5,Good little cigars,"Well worth the money. They smoke quick but cool with big smoke. They do get a little soft at the end but they are delicious up to that point. For the cost I can not complain. They are perfect for the ride to work and with the sealed packaging they go with me for my outdoor adventures. Try them, you’re in for a treat. Get them from CI if you want them fast!"
Cubero Blend No. 7,5 out of 5,Cubero Blend No. 7,Not bad but I'd try another before I purchased these again
Cubero Blend No. 7,4 out of 5,Cubero blend no 7,Not bad at all smooth blend different flavor then I thought I had ordered I reckon the color of package is what threw me off..but that's ok
Cubero Blend No. 7,5 out of 5,Cubero Blend,They were very good...a friend s fiancée really liked them
Cuesta-Rey Cabinet,4 out of 5,Same quality and great price for years!,Been smoking CR's for about 40 years now always reasonably priced with great quality and flavor.
Cuesta-Rey Cabinet,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Cuesta-Rey Cabinet,5 out of 5,Cuesta-Rey Cabinet No. 8-9-8 Natural,"This is one of my favorite mild-medium cigars. Construction is excellent, as is the draw. The burn is straight and slow, with a nice grey-black ash. I used to have a very refined ""Cigar Pallet"", able to detect earth, mineral, nuts, chocolate, coco, cedar, etc...but alas that is no longer the case. The 27 pills I take each day have destroyed my pallet. I can, however derive great enjoyment from cigar smoking. I enjoy trying cigars I haven't smoked before...after all, that's what it's all about...it's the only way one can find the cigars we just can't do without. cigarsinternational.com is my ""go-to"" source for cigars, and accessories. D.A. Wood"
Cuesta-Rey Cabinet,5 out of 5,Hard to Find,Have been smoking Cuesta-Rey's for years. Truly a great smoke for my taste.Mid-Mild with a good wrap and draw. But these puppies were hard to find until I became a Cigars International customer. Great pricing and quick deliveries.
Cuesta-Rey Centenario,5 out of 5,smooth,smooth
Cuesta-Rey Centenario,3 out of 5,Great daily smoke,"This is an old favorite of mine. This is a good daily smoke when you don't want something too heavy. It is a nice, plain light smoke. While many cigars have various flavors over their years, Cuesta Rey ALWAY remains constant. I have smoked them for over 20 years, and I always know what to expect. Always smokes well."
Cuesta-Rey Centenario,5 out of 5,Cuesta Rey pyramid #9 centennario maduro,"One of my favorites, outstanding cigar"
Cuesta-Rey Centenario,5 out of 5,Rediscovering an Old Favorite,This was my husband's favorite smoke for years when suddenly none of our local shops carried them anymore. Life goes on. I found your site and ordered him a box for Christmas and he was delighted. He and I shared one and they are as smooth and mellow as we remembered.
Cuesta-Rey Centenario,5 out of 5,best everyday cigar,"Smooth, even burning, never hot, holds the ash, not harsh, these are some of the reasons this is the best everyday smoke. Easy draw, good flavor, and rich taste are a few more reasons."
Cuesta-Rey Centenario,5 out of 5,Classic beauty,"I wanted to try this classic Rand for some time now and I wish I had done it sooner. These are a magnificent smoke, great flavor awesome burn, and at a fantastic price every one I've smoke so far has been perfect. Definitely going to have a permanent spot in my humidor!!"
Cuesta-Rey Centenario,5 out of 5,great TY,Have always enjoyed these
Cuesta-Rey Centenario,5 out of 5,One fine small cigar,"I smoke the cigarillo size 90% of the time and have tried them all. The Cuesta Rey is one of my favorites, always have them on hand. Consistent quality, fine flavor."
Cuesta-Rey Centenario,5 out of 5,Excellent. Great smoke,Excellent. Great smoke
Cuesta-Rey Centenario,5 out of 5,Best cigar I have ever smoked,"Goldilocks would smoke this cigar, it not to strong, not too weak, burns cool and doesn't go out, ash stays on until removed, taste is yummy, it not too big or too small, it is just right."
Cuesta-Rey Centenario,4 out of 5,3outta5 too sweet,Little too sweet on the head of the cigar for me. Seems like a maple syrup. Very good quality. Tried them out but won't reorder. So many other goodies for CI. Variety is the spice of life. Hope this helps
Cuesta-Rey Centenario,5 out of 5,Great smoke.,"Nice little smoke. Great flavor, great value."
Cuesta-Rey Centenario,4 out of 5,"Love the size and taste, but the construction was a let down!","Perfect small, quick smoke. Light, yet flavorful! The only issue is that it is loosely wrapped, and not well constructed in general. A shame, because otherwise I loved it!"
Cuesta-Rey Centenario,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"Smoked these in Iraq. Smooth, mild, great ash. Love them."
Cuesta-Rey Centenario,5 out of 5,Good mild smoke,"Great mild smoke, spot on for the price paid and the value received."
Cuesta-Rey Centenario,5 out of 5,best everyday cigar,"The Cuesta-Rey Centenario Toro #60 is the best tasting, best lighting, best burning cigar I have tried. It doesn't get hot, it is smooth and even throughout. The aroma and taste is mild-medium. Ash stays on and cigar stays lit. It lasts me about 45 minutes, and goes well with scotch or Irish whiskey"
Cuesta-Rey Centenario,5 out of 5,Little smokes,Fine tasting little smoke. Burns well good aroma
Cuesta-Rey Centenario,4 out of 5,Memorable in Great Ways,"I absolutely love these cigars because they have a uniqueness that I have never found elsewhere. Even thought ""unique"" can sometimes mean something bad, I implore you to give these a try. I hadn't had one in ten years, and after my first, memories of that time came roaring back to me. I find that incredibly impressive given the hundreds or thousands of cigars I have had over the years. I only reserve giving it 5 stars for the price, since I have found better deals (only by maybe a quarter or so more per gar though). Give these a go."
Cuesta-Rey Centenario,5 out of 5,great purchase,"The Cuesta-Rey #60's are always a great smoke, and CI always delivers them quickly, and at a fair price."
Cuesta-Rey Centro Fino,5 out of 5,this is the one i,this is the one i smoke most!
Cuesta-Rey Centro Fino,5 out of 5,cuesta rey centro fino of,cuesta rey centro fino of all sizes are my favorite smoke!
Cuesta-Rey Centro Fino,5 out of 5,cigars,"great,"
Cuesta-Rey Centro Fino,5 out of 5,no 1,top smoking cigar...
Cuesta-Rey Centro Fino,4 out of 5,Nice stick,Glad I tried these. This is a fine cigar.
Cuesta-Rey Centro Fino,4 out of 5,Quality Tobacco,"Diamond in the ruff. Nice cigar and quality tobacco. Wanted to try these, and was a bit surprised. Every now and then I come across a stick that doesn't have all the pretty packaging and glam, but a very fine cigar. The Cuesta-Rey Centro Fino is one them. Hangs in there with most popular cigars. Will be purchasing these again for sure."
Cuesta-Rey Centro Fino,5 out of 5,The best,My absolute favorite cigar out there.
Cuesta-Rey Centro Fino,5 out of 5,10/10,What a cigar! Nice spice that lingers.
Cult,4 out of 5,A pleasant surprise. Good morning stick.,"A great morning cigar! I picked up a box-pressed Cult as part of an in-store sampler pack and will definitely be picking up some more of these easy smoking beauties.
The draw seemed a bit light at first, but thickened up nicely after the first half inch or so. The product isn’t kidding about those upfront tea and spice notes. What at first starts out as a novel but light smoke rounds out nicely as the it burns. Great with a cup or two of coffee on the porch.
Some construction problems as you approach the band but nothing I would describe as a deal breaker."
Cult,5 out of 5,My Absolute Favorite Cigar!,"I was introduced to Cult cigars by CI's Cigar of the Month Club and was tremendously impressed! I utilize a wedge cutter to snip off the tip and find the draw smooth from beginning to end. This cigar burns even all the way through and affords the tastebuds something to really savor. I haven't had a single sour draw on any of these and this is the first cigar I can literally smoke down to the point that my lips can almost kiss the ash before allowing the cigar to cool and then enjoy the flavor of the wrapper as the nub rests between my lips until I'm ready to retreat back indoors. While my humidor always had a supply of JC Newman's Julius Caeser, Cohiba Red Dots, Rocky Patel Vintage, Macanudo Gold Label, and Mark Twain No 3 as my daily smoke, I will be keeping my humidor well stocked with Cult cigars for the foreseeable future. Furthermore, the box is the weightiest and most significant of any cigar box on the market bar none. Cult cigars have undoubtedly earned my ardent following and if they are searching for their biggest fan to grant them a lifetime supply of these fine cigars, place me first on that list!"
Curivari Buena Ventura,5 out of 5,Best Cigar I tried thus far,"Best cigar I had yet, I am a beginner but I have tried Plasencia Cigars, Rocky Petal, Padron 1964 and Oliva V series and a few others but when I was introduced to the Buena Ventura because I was seen buying Rock Petal all the time I had to just buy a box because it was the perfect cigar to my liking thus far. Smooth to the end burn evenly and stead lit the whole smoke."
Curivari Buena Ventura,5 out of 5,Best Cigar I tried thus far,"Best cigar I had yet, I am a beginner but I have tried Plasencia Cigars, Rocky Petal, Padron 1964 and Oliva V series and a few others but when I was introduced to the Buena Ventura because I was seen buying Rock Petal all the time I had to just buy a box because it was the perfect cigar to my liking thus far. Smooth to the end burn evenly and stead lit the whole smoke."
Curivari Buena Ventura,4 out of 5,I think for the money,I think for the money it's a really good cigar. I'm on my 4 th box and usually grow tired of the dame smoke
Curivari Buena Ventura,4 out of 5,A nice surprise !,I was buying my usual stack of Nat Sherman Timeless and Arturo Fuentes Don Carlos and a salesperson recommended these. A great medium smoke down to the last inch. The reason I mentioned some cigars is for comparison. It's an excellent cigar for the money. But if your daily smoke is a Padron Family Reserve or OpusX - its good to be you!
Curivari Buena Ventura,4 out of 5,"Boy, Boy, Boy!!!","AWESOME stick for the price point. It bellows with each draw and offers a Cuban-esque flavor profile: earthy, cedery, spicy but not overpowering."
Curivari Buena Ventura,4 out of 5,Good medium heavy cigar for the price,Good cigar a bit heavier on flavor doesn't burn as even and we'll as others but for the price a good cigar
Curivari Buena Ventura,5 out of 5,Truly a diamond that keep on shining!!!,This is one of my favorite cigars I go to when I want to enjoy and beautiful and creamy cigar! I love it in the morning and it also works well with a smokey whiskey as a nightcap! You will not be disappointed with this beauty. I really love the entire brand! Curivari is one of the most underrated cigars companies in the industry! BV 560 is you can find them are the best of the Buena Venturato me but all my buddies smoke the BV 600
Curivari Buena Ventura,5 out of 5,Great quality,"My favorite cigar. Always draws so nice and easy, smooth, great tobacco flavor. Haven't gotten a bad stick yet, and the flavor and quality is very consistent."
Curivari Buena Ventura,5 out of 5,Not an aficionado.,"First smoked this stick 6 or so months ago...instantly became my favorite. Always a good roll, easy draw. Would like to see the Buena Ventura line expanded."
Curivari Buena Ventura,4 out of 5,Old School,"A very good, classic Cuban style cigar. Nothing fancy, just good old fashioned tobacco taste. Thick smoke. Overall good construction, I had one that unraveled a bit but am willing to think I might have cut it a little further than usual. Wrapper is a little on the thin side. Certainly a worthwhile purchase. This is my second box. I prefer the 6x60 over the smaller size. Slower burn prevents it from becoming harsh."
Curivari Buena Ventura,5 out of 5,Very nice cigar.,"I discovered this cigar locally, and then realized it was a savings buying it from cigars international. This is one of my favorite cigars to smoke, very good draw good burn and a very nice taste. Must-try."
Curivari Buena Ventura,5 out of 5,Best @ That Price!!,Best @ That Price!!
Curivari Buena Ventura,5 out of 5,You Want Be Disappointed....,One Of My Top Ten Favorite Cigars...
Curivari Buena Ventura,5 out of 5,Another Winner!,"Again, even this new size reminds me of the Medal of Honor 1959 Havana cigars that I smoked in the early 70's. Medium strength but with great flavor that does not over power your senses."
Curivari Buena Ventura,5 out of 5,These are hidden gems,"These cigars are a overall pleasure to smoke. Great construction,toothy wrapper just the right amount of spring in the wrapper great pre draw there are no cons with this cigar. I can't get enough of them"
Curivari Gloria de Leon,5 out of 5,great smoke,"still flying under radar for many
which is fine by me! one of the best smokes out there"
Curivari Gloria de Leon,5 out of 5,Gloria De Leon,Excellent reasonably priced cigar!
Curivari Gloria de Leon,5 out of 5,Great cigar,These Curivari cigars are very consistently delicious with thick smoke and a great peppery sweetness. The only downside is they don't burn evenly and are not really well constructed. I deal with it because I love the flavors. In fact every Curivari I've tried has been fantastic.
Curivari Gloria de Leon,5 out of 5,Great morning cigar.,"Lots of smoke, lots of flavor, and great construction. Has a clean burn and stays lit. All 10 were good, no flops."
Curivari Gloria de Leon,4 out of 5,Nice cigar,Really nice cigar. Rich wrapper great draw/burn. Taste is right in my preferred range and price is right for these well made sticks. I really enjoy how well these are rolled.
Curivari Gloria de Leon,4 out of 5,Thoroughly enjoyed the Gloria de Leon,"I really enjoyed this cigar. The draw was excellent and the smoke was plentiful. I did not experience any problems with the construction of the Gloria de Leon. More often than not I agree fully with CI's strength assessments, in this case however, I would rate the strength somewhat milder than CI did. The Gloria de Leon was firmly in the medium range in my estimate. I am not very adept at identifying individual tastes or flavors but I will say that this cigar had a sweetness in its profile. I normally prefer more full-bodied smokes, but this was a great cigar and would make a wonderful first-smoke-of-the-day or even a great late-night smoke before bed."
Curivari Reserva Limitada 1000 Series,4 out of 5,"Good Cigar,All Around !","This Cigar Is Well Made,Taste Great & Very Nice Draw To It Especially For The Price."
Curivari Reserva Limitada 1000 Series,5 out of 5,Enjoyable stick!,"These are strikingly close to the Cuban Montecristo #2, in my opinion....although you know what they say about opinions, right?
Try 'em and see what you think!"
Curivari Reserva Limitada 1000 Series,5 out of 5,Mild and smooth.,Mild and smooth.
Curivari Reserva Limitada 1000 Series,5 out of 5,Smooooth,I love this cigar. Curivari is one of my favorite brands and choosing between this is like choosing between my kids. Well done!
Curivari Reserva Limitada 1000 Series,5 out of 5,"compared to anything, this is a really good cigar","I've been trying as many of the Curivari cigar lines as I can and I've yet to be disappointed. I have a couple of favorites and they're not the most expensive. In fact all the Curivaris I've purchased are amazingly affordable. I'm a sucker for a spicy peppery/sweet medium/full bodied cigar with big toothy smoke. I don't necessarily want to pay a higher end price for that experience, so I've honed in on decently priced well constructed flavorful smokes like the Sancho Panza Extra Fuerte, Oliva Serie O and now the very lovely Curivari brand. I really love these cigars even though at times they're a bit hard to come by. One of my favorites is the BuenaVentura Gordo 6x60. Really affordable and really delicious. Also the Gloria De Leon churchill and the Limitada 1000. All consistently perfect with the flavor profile that I particularly enjoy."
Curivari Reserva Limitada 1000 Series,5 out of 5,great cigar,Its well made and satisfying mild flavor. Great cigar for the price!
Curivari Reserva Limitada 1000 Series,5 out of 5,A great smoke!,"These boutique cigars are somewhat difficult to find. That's why when C.I. Posted them, I placed my order right away. There is a little kick out of the gates, then it mellows into a smooth gem w/a great draw."
Curivari Reserva Limitada 1000 Series,4 out of 5,Great flavor!,This cigar has great flavor and the construction is on point
Curivari Reserva Limitada 1000 Series,5 out of 5,A wonderful smoke,Curivari draw is open and easy. Taste is consistent and fine. Worth a try...
Curivari Reserva Limitada Cafe Noir,5 out of 5,Awesome,One of the best cigars I've ever had in 14 years of smoking... a go to almost daily
Curivari Reserva Limitada Cafe Noir,5 out of 5,One of the best,One of the best cigars I ever smoked. Lights nice Burns even And has it excellent draw. They taste so good I don't want to smoke anything else. These will always be in my humidor. Only problem is they are extremely hard to get because they are small cigar maker but lucky for me if CI doesn't have them then my local cigar shop does for a little bit extra on the price. The only thing I can say is you have to try then if you could find
Curivari Reserva Limitada Cafe Noir,3 out of 5,Curivari Cafe Noir 62,Too mild. 86
Curivari Reserva Limitada Cafe Noir,5 out of 5,Love this cigar,"Now this is a GREAT cigar! As stated in another review, the Cafe Noir is full of flavor from start to finish. The draw was perfect and it produced plenty of smoke. I did not experience any issues with the construction. This cigar will become a staple in my cool-a-dor. The only con I can think of is that the cigar eventually came to an end."
Curivari Reserva Limitada Cafe Noir,5 out of 5,A great cigar,"Wow!...This cigar is memorable. It is delicious from start to finish. The taste and aroma is unforgettable and I have to stock up my humidor with these babies. A great cigar, indeed. It keeps me going back for more. Excellent construction with a light ash. Too good with a cup of coffee."
Curivari Reserva Limitada Cafe Noir,5 out of 5,consistently the best,"Always the best online prices, and great customer service. Although in the past, I was not informed of being responsible to pay return fee on item mistakenly ordered, I understand how that get costly for a company.
Best cigar order company out there."
Curivari Reserva Limitada Classica,5 out of 5,"Full Bodied, smooth draw, good","Full Bodied, smooth draw, good smoke for evening after dinner with bourbon or wine."
Curivari Reserva Limitada Classica,5 out of 5,One of the best smokes out there!!......,I love this cigars! Georgetown tobacco turned me to these and I’ll love them forever!!!!!!
Curivari Reserva Limitada Classica,3 out of 5,"Good smoke, nothing outstanding.","Good smoke, nothing outstanding."
Curivari Reserva Limitada Classica,5 out of 5,Curivari,Great sticks at a good price.
Curivari Reserva Limitada Classica,5 out of 5,Curivari stacks up to the best,"I am still developing my palette but this is the first cigar I can actually say I tasted what others are reporting. What a nicely constructed stick. I got my first one at a local lounge here in Vegas, but I will be gettng a box or theee here asap! Amazing flavor, great burn (only needed one touch-up) aand smoke production is plaentiful. You will not be sorry!!"
Curivari Reserva Limitada Classica,5 out of 5,"Good Value, Good Quality, Great Taste.","Well constructed, no bad ones in the box, like the flavor; hard to beat for the price."
Curivari Reserva Limitada Classica,5 out of 5,Great smoke with an interesting hint of citrus.,"I just tried one of these off of the recommendation from a guy at one of the local B&M stores. This stogie was one of the best I've ever had. The smoke was plentiful with an easy draw. Flavors were leather, light pepper and a hint of citrus throughout. The flavor developed very nicely along the length of the smoke and it smoked until I risked burning my fingers. The flavor and aroma were excellent and I'd say the strength is just a hint above medium. It did require a couple touch ups early on and the smoke easily become a little heated with my enthusiastic puffing (hard to resist with the great flavors), but at no point did I even think to give it a purge as it never hinted at any bitterness. I paired it with a watermelon ale and it was an excellent match, but a stout would have paired nicely as well. I'll definitely buy again!"
Cusano 18 Natural and Maduro,4 out of 5,good,good
Cusano 18 Natural and Maduro,5 out of 5,Been enjoying these for years.,"Been enjoying these for years. Smooth even, ... love them. Always room in my humidor for a box or 2."
Cusano 18 Natural and Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,Great smoke!
Cusano 18 Natural and Maduro,4 out of 5,Really good Sunday evening cigar!,Stay lit burns clean enjoy with favorite libation.
Cusano 18 Natural and Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke at a great price.,"I have liked Cusano cigars since the first time I smoked one. These are a great mild smoke. However, I thought I ordered the Maduros. I did not. My bad. If you're looking for a great intro smoke, get these. Not too tough to draw on, mid smoke, not bad after taste. Most burn even so you shouldn't have any issues there."
Cusano 18 Natural and Maduro,5 out of 5,good cigar,very good cigar last one hour of pleasure!
Cusano 18 Natural and Maduro,5 out of 5,Really nice cigar,Really nice cigar
Cusano 18 Natural and Maduro,5 out of 5,Paul D,my favorite cigar...totally smooth and a joy to smoke...
Cusano Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great bang for the buck,Great bang for the buck if you like mild cigars!
Cusano Connecticut,4 out of 5,not bad,I belivue in your write up about the cigar you talked about the mild and smoothness to it. Which I found 100 percent on spot the hole way through the cigar. I will most likely purchase them again.
Cusano Connecticut,4 out of 5,Great except for TAR blowback,Would be fine EXCEPT for liquid tar drain towards end of about two out of ten of the ones I have smoked.I should not have to put a paper towel to the end of any cigar in this $ range.
Cusano Connecticut,5 out of 5,"Good and fresh, a better","Good and fresh, a better tasting cigar"
Cusano Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great price for a very,Great price for a very good smoke.
Cusano Connecticut,3 out of 5,Fair for the price!,Fair for the price!
Cusano Connecticut,5 out of 5,A great cigar.,A great cigar.
Cusano Connecticut,5 out of 5,Always a great quality smoke.,"I have tried several different kinds of cigars on this site over the past year two years or so trying to settle on a daily favorite and I am finally sure I have settled on one. If you get the Toro or the Robusto you simply can not go wrong. Yes you can spend more money and might want to for a special occasion, but why? I have ordered these several times and have more orders in the pipeline and will be ordering them again to have a steady supply. They are always of a consistent good quality, finely wrapped, a good draw, a great flavor and get good compliments from friends. What more could you ask for from a cigar?"
Cusano Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good Cigar,I liked these.
Cusano Connecticut,5 out of 5,Very smooth smoke at a great price,I have had Cusano cigars before and expected a good smoke. I was NOT disappointed!
Cusano Connecticut,3 out of 5,Not bad,Pretty good cigar
Cusano Connecticut,4 out of 5,Cusano,Good cigar but a bit too mild for my taste
Cusano Connecticut,1 out of 5,Cusano Connecticut Shade wrapper,Sold as a Connecticut Shade but more like an EMS (it’s no “blonde”). Found the few I’ve sampled so far to be bland and bitter - would never buy these again.
Cusano Connecticut,4 out of 5,Very enjoyable smoke,"I really enjoyed this cigar. It has a nice slow burn that gives you a few minuets to relax
I like a mild cigar, and this definitely fills the bill
The price is well worth the product."
Cusano Connecticut,4 out of 5,Cusano,"Good smoke, but inconsistently rollled, most very loose!"
Cusano Connecticut,4 out of 5,Mysterious,"I've had several boxes of this cigar and still can't figure out how I feel about them. Several sticks had a really unusual taste, others were very nice. My friends who only smoke occasionally called them the best cigar they ever had. They burn and draw evenly. Construction is really good. Just wish I was confident in the consistency of taste.
So I'll order them again when I need to fill the humidor with freebies for my friends."
Cusano Connecticut,3 out of 5,Cigars were smooth and mild,Cigars were smooth and mild taste but appeared to come a bit on the dry side. Some of the wrappers came undone rather easily
Cusano Maduro,5 out of 5,Cusano Maduro Churchill,A great smoke and smooth tasting.
Cusano Maduro,5 out of 5,"Like it, will smoke another","Like it, will smoke another box..."
Cusano Maduro,3 out of 5,Cussano Churchill,"Very pleasant, hope the Churchill develops a bigger band width"
Cusano Maduro,5 out of 5,Cusano Maduro,Good flavor and burn. Not as strong as other maduros. Perfect for golf...
Cusano Maduro,5 out of 5,The Best,"Nuf said, outstanding Cigar"
Cusano Maduro,5 out of 5,Nice & smooth. Really good cigar,Pleasantly surprised by the flavor. Really good burn. I will definitely be ordering more of these.
Cusano Maduro,4 out of 5,Dandy lower priced churchill,Great everyday cigar with a good burn and good flavor down to the nub.
Cusano Maduro,5 out of 5,Pleasant time cigar,A good cigar for sitting and reading or enjoying a friendly conversation
Cusano Maduro,3 out of 5,Smoth,They are smooth but they aren’t full flavored I miss read.
Cusano Maduro,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
Cusano Maduro,5 out of 5,A real cigar,"This is a very nice full bodied smoke, what a treat! My friend says A woman is a Woman, but a cigar, woah; ho, ho !!!"
Cusano Maduro,3 out of 5,satisfying,Really nice product I smoke and I received it well
Cusano Maduro,5 out of 5,A very good stick but,A very good stick but rolled to tight..!! Like sucking a Wendy’s milk shake with a straw.!
Cusano Maduro,5 out of 5,Perfect smoke,Perfect smoke
Cusano Maduro,4 out of 5,Great everyday smoke,"Pretty good stick. Great after meal smoke. Wood and some spice but not too. Draw can be a little tough, but overall a nice stick for the price."
Cusano Maduro,4 out of 5,Cusano a hit,"I started enjoying Cusano last year and have not been disappointed with any of their products. No matter which stage a cigar smoker you are at, this is a hit!"
Cusano Maduro,4 out of 5,Very good cigar a little,Very good cigar a little small for my taste but full of flavor
Cusano Maduro,5 out of 5,Good little cigar,My go to cigar is a Robusto. This
Cusano Maduro,4 out of 5,Very smooth with a bold,Very smooth with a bold flavor. A great cigar.
Cusano Maduro,4 out of 5,Cusano Maduro Churchill,The draw was a little too difficult otherwise a good smoke.
Cusano Maduro,5 out of 5,"Good, solid smoke","Good, solid smoke"
Cusano Maduro,5 out of 5,Nice and Mild,Nice and Mild
Cusano Maduro,4 out of 5,HIGHLY RECOMMENDED,excellent cigar but a bit too medium for me.
Cusano Maduro,4 out of 5,"Solid smoke, go to cigar","These bad boys have a nice flavor. Nothing fancy, but a solid go to cigar that does not taste cheap. It's just inexpensive."
Cusano Maduro,4 out of 5,Cusano Maduro Churchill,A very good smoke. Flavorful and burns evenly.
Cusano Maduro,5 out of 5,OUTSTANDING BUY,OUTSTANDING BUY
Cusano Maduro,4 out of 5,Price and quality,"For the price it is a good value cigar. Don’t expect Davidoff quality and taste, but still good."
Cusano Maduro,3 out of 5,Good smoke,"Too inconsistent on how they draw. However, when the draw was good so was the cigar."
Cusano Maduro,4 out of 5,good cigar for the price,good cigar for the price
Cusano Maduro,5 out of 5,Great for the price,Great for the price. Every day smoke for me when I am working
Cusano Maduro,3 out of 5,Still searching for the perfect Cusano,"Cusano Maduro was an Excellent value.
Construction was fair...uneven burn.
Flavor was smooth with a hint o pepper and aroma was inviting.
Both the Cusano Nicaraguan and Maduro left me wanting for a full flavored, more complex cigar."
Cusano Maduro,1 out of 5,Buy something that tastes like real cigar,Tastes like straw or burnt fly. Don’t buy
Cusano Maduro,4 out of 5,For the price,"Excellent cigar for the price, lots of flavor on par with some AVO, and Davidoff"
Cusano Maduro,3 out of 5,"Good tast, Good Value",I liked the cigar. It was flavorful and constructed well. It comes close to the best everyday smoke in terms of value and taste
Cusano Maduro,2 out of 5,A bit dissapointing,Cigar has decent flavor but think the sticks are wrapped a bit to loose and burn irregular.
Cusano Maduro,2 out of 5,Cusano Maduro Robusto,The Cusano Maduro Robust was not a very smooth cigar and also didn't burn well. I wouldn't recommend it.
Cusano Maduro,4 out of 5,Nice cigars,"These cigars arrived in good state despite traveling for 2 weeks. Light smoke, some canoeing but taste good overall. Will reorder for sure."
Cusano Maduro,4 out of 5,"Mild cigar, nice price","Took advantage of a sale and tried a box of these. Nice even draw, light taste, good long ash. While the wooden box is a nice touch, it isn't air tight enough to serve as a long time storage humidor. I had two Humi-Care Pillows in the box and could only maintain a 50% humidity. Anyway, the important take-away is this is a very reasonably priced, tasty cigar."
Cusano Maduro,5 out of 5,Quality cigar.,this is very smooth. Just a good flavor. No bite.
Cusano Maduro,1 out of 5,Trash,"Don't waste your money. Everything about these sticks was disappointing except their appearance. Even the bands are poorly done & refuse to come off as you would think they should. First one out the box burned so poorly I refused to keep fighting 2/3 in. Even after a week in humidor I find the taste to be, at best, a let down. Thin & almost acrid in flavor with absolutely no richness or character. Three out of first five were rolled way to tight. I expect more of the same as I go through the rest. I enjoyed them so little I won't even give them away. Don't be fooled into thinking that because they're made by Davidoff that you will be getting anything close to premium. That's the mistake I made. All I know is I won't ever buy the again."
Cusano Maduro,4 out of 5,Cusano Maduro,Great cigar and terrific price
Cusano Maduro,4 out of 5,A very enjoyable smoke,"These cigars were a very nice smoke for the price. I had no duds, as I have from other less expensive cigars in the past.
I look forward to trying some of their other cigars in the future"
Cusano Maduro,5 out of 5,"Excellent cigar, great value",Feels and smokes like a more expensive cigar. I will definitely order again!
Cusano Maduro,4 out of 5,Cusano Maduro Toro,"Very nice, smooth, not harsh. Medium in flavor. I like it. Construction, draw and the burn are good."
Cusano Maduro,2 out of 5,No big deal,"Had some friends over and passed out a few. Got several negative comments from others in the group about the aroma; ""smells like a cheap cigar"", smells like cigarette smoke but stronger"". I have to admit they have no real taste. Won't buy them again."
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Good daily smoke,"Even burn, economical, and nice flavored smokes"
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Good smokes,"Decently rolled; long filler; mild, pleasant to smoke. Great everyday smoke!"
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,3 out of 5,"Good smoke, but the draw","Good smoke, but the draw and the burn were inconsistent."
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Mild smoke,"Nice mild smoke, but could be better rolled and tightened."
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,4 out of 5,great deal,"delicious blend of tobacco with a well rolled stick. has a hearty taste of coffee, and a slight sweet chocolate. smooth smoke with no bite but a medium strength. my usual smokes are romeo et juliet and punch and these are a perfect alternate at a cheaper price."
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Good smooth smoke,"Enjoyed smoking these gems, excellent value for the price. Will be purchasing more."
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Cusano N1,I found this cigar to be a tasty morsel. started off smooth and remained to the end. It is one of those cigars I would classify as a good everyday cigar.
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,5 out of 5,First order,I really enjoyed these cigars. Good flavor burned smooth great with a glass of scotch
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Thank you,Thank you
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar for the money. Great deal.
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great Inexpensive everyday Smoke. Great,Great Inexpensive everyday Smoke. Great Flavors. Perfect for the drive to and from work.
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,3 out of 5,Not great,"Light on flavor, but well made, easy draw, even burn."
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Would buy again,Would buy again
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Good Robusto,Nice cigar
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,3 out of 5,Cusano,Pretty good.
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Really nice budget cigars.,I’ve long enjoyed the Cusano M-1 Connecticut as a mild smoke in the evenings when I didn’t want a stronger cigar to keep me up so I thought I would try these Nicaraguans and was pleasantly surprised. Nice light medium bodied smoke. Great value.
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Nice smoke but burned a,Nice smoke but burned a bit funny
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,5 out of 5,great items,very smooth and great price
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,4 out of 5,good cigar with a nice,good cigar with a nice aroma
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,1 out of 5,"Good flavor, horrible construction",Expected much more from Cusano. Just fell apart even after days in humidor
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,3 out of 5,Perfect everyday smoke,These sticks are an excellent choice for everyday smokes. Good amount of flavor and construction/burn are very consistent. Will buy again for sure.
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Very good for the price,"Lots of flavor, on the fuller side"
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,3 out of 5,3/5,3/5
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great smo,Great smo
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Tasty,"an affordable,tasty cigar. My only complaint is that about 50% of them are rolled quite tightly, and draw is almost impossible , unless you open them up a bit with a draw rod. But , overall a good cigar !"
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,3 out of 5,Very good cigar for the,Very good cigar for the price
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Cusano n1 gordo,Great smoke will definitely reorder last 9 holes so only need 2 cigars around true burn.
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,5 out of 5,👍👍👍👍👍👍👍,Great everyday smoke with a great price👍👍👍👍👍
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,3 out of 5,An OK Smoke,"This smoke was a bit mild for me. Good flavor, good burn."
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great everydsy,"Good value and great tasting cigar. Very smooth, would buy it again."
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Cusano,A good medium strength cigar.
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,4 out of 5,good smoke for the money,good smoke for the money
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Best Bargain,Excellent cigar for bargain prices. These are the quality I expect from Cigars International.
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Smooth smoke,"I enjoy my Cusano's while sitting on my porch with a glass of Scotch. Them burn evenly, a great smoke!"
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,1 out of 5,"Good flavor, poor construction","These cigars burned overly quickly, canoed like crazy and were diffinently a disappointment.
DON’T WASTE YOUR MONEY."
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,2 out of 5,great price but its not a keeper in the humidor for me,"Good price but not a keeper. A cigar for moocher friends that one can give out. Taste is very lacking, would not buy again unfortunately."
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,1 out of 5,Big disappointment,While the taste of this cigar is ok every time you take a puff you get a bunch of small pieces of tobacco in your mouth and it is a fast burning smoke. Will not buy again.
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Beautiful cigar with great flavor. Excellent construction and beautiful wrapper.
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Better than expected,Looking for a golf cigar for the bums who never bring a cigar but want mine...this is considerably better than that. Sorry I got them for the mooches...Ha. Quality with Economy.
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Cusano N1 Nicara,Some bitter after taste on 3-5% of cigars.
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Softies,"Good smoke but soft, construction is iffy as well. I had 7 out of 20 throw aways. I let them cook in the humidor but not much difference first to last."
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Decent Cigar at a Great Price,"The Cusano Nicaragua burns cool with an ample amount of smoke. It isn't very complex. The flavor profile is dominated by earthiness with a little leather, and hints of cashews and white pepper. The price makes this a good value for an everyday cigar."
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,2 out of 5,To mild and tasteless,To mild and tasteless
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,2 out of 5,"Mediocre burn, frayed at area","Mediocre burn, frayed at area under the labels."
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,5 out of 5,So far so good,"Just fired up the first one of these guys, and so far so good. Nice burn, draw and flavor. I like the volume of smoke and seems to be well constructed since there was no canoeing in the the first one. I smoke 'em on the golf course and since the weather has turned here in Cincinnati, these babies will mellow in the humie for a few months. I'm sure they will be even better by spring."
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,5 out of 5,satisfied,Great cigar. very happy.
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,3 out of 5,cusano N1,not a bad stick. bit light for my pallet..
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Very good stick for the $,These are really good cigars. If your looking for an inexpensive alternative to the big boys for 1/2 the price these are for you 😉
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,3 out of 5,Mediocre,"Pretty well constructed for the price (at least those that I've received), but a kind of flat taste wise. Overall, nothing special..."
Cusano N1 Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great service,Great service
Cusano Nicaragua,5 out of 5,A Great Buy!,"A nice, reasonbly priced,full-flavored, but not overpowering cigar!"
Cusano Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Good smokes,Liked these a lot
Cusano Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Good cigar will order again,Good cigar will order again
Cusano Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Good cigar for the price,Good cigar for the price
Cusano Nicaragua,3 out of 5,they were okay,they were okay
Cusano Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Fair taste,I have only had one Cusano so my evaluation is premature.
Cusano Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Cusano,"Good taste, good burn, flavorful from start to finish. Good quality for the price."
Cusano Nicaragua,4 out of 5,"Enjoyed it, a little dry","Enjoyed it, a little dry or earthy but I would buy again"
Cusano Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Very good,Very good
Cusano Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Not bad!,I took a chance on these. I was pleasantly surprised. A decent smoke for a reasonable price.
Cusano Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great smoke,This is a great smoke for the price.
Cusano Nicaragua,5 out of 5,EXCELLENT GIGAR,EXCELLENT GIGAR
Cusano Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Smooth character,"No runs, drips, or errors on this cigar. I would buy again. Smooth draw, great taste, don’t get heat at the very end, just more flavor"
Cusano Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great Flavor,"I love these so much I smoke them when mowing the yard. They don't dent the pocket book to hard, If you want to smoke a little bit, get Churchill and some cigar scissors. They will last a long time."
Cusano Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Churchill Nicaraguan,"I found the majority to be smokeable right away, those that were a little tight we left in humi and within a few week were perfectl. Nice draw. Tons of smoke, great flavor. These are not very complex till the last third. Sweet tobacco to begin and carried through most of second third that’s where the flavor really picks up adding hints of white pepper and that all to familiar toasted Carmel ... I would consider these more mild-medium growing to full medium at the last third. Overall great construction no runs or wrapper issues found in most at this price
This is a very good every day/ yard gar with an excellent finish
At a great price. Get em now before demand drives up the price
I just bought 6 more boxes"
Cusano Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Cusano Nicarauga Churchill,great every day smoke great flavor steady consistent burn excellent price
Cusano Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Cusano a pleasant surprise,"I was pleasantly surprised by the price and overall quality of these sticks! The first thing that I noticed as I unwrapped one was the silky smooth wrapper! It was nut brown and unblemished, felt solid in my hand and it gave me a good feeling of anticipation! The aroma was pleasing while toasting the foot and the light was effortless and tasty! A nice cloud of smoke resulted with a creamy infusion of cedar that I enjoyed! I am pleased by all that I have smoked about 9 sticks into the box, I will order these again! Thanks again CI, you know what I like!"
Cusano Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Cusano,Nice medium-bodied cigar. A great sitting on the patio in the afternoon cigar.
Cusano Nicaragua,4 out of 5,"Tight roll, but manageable, dry.","Tight roll, but manageable, dry. But even burn."
Cusano Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Good effort by Davidoff on,Good effort by Davidoff on these traditional sticks. They've got great balance and a nice finish.
Cusano Nicaragua,4 out of 5,good flavor.,"I like the flavor of this cigar, but mine seem quiet tight on the draw with not much smoke output, nice cigar though."
Cusano Nicaragua,3 out of 5,Cusano Nicarauga Toro,"Not as smooth in its taste compared to Perdomo cigars.
It burned well and well constructed, also."
Cusano Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Love this cigar great value,Love this cigar great value
Cusano Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Mr. Incredible sez;,"What I like - not overwhelmingly bold but good body in a Gordo size. I won't knock you on your fanny! At a reasonable price. Oh, and the wrap is tight."
Cusano Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Overall nice.,Very much enjoy the flavor and nice even burn smoke. Some are a little hard draw but overall I am enjoying them.
Cusano Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great Nic,This stick was a pleasant surprise and an outstanding stick for the price
Cusano Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Very good smoke,The Churchill's are great.
Cusano Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Cusano Nicaragua,Great taste throughout. Even burn.
Cusano Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Cusano Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Fantastic,I will re-order.
Cusano Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Cusano Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Very good stick with abundant,Very good stick with abundant flavor!
Cusano Nicaragua,4 out of 5,good flavor,good flavor
Cusano Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Good cigar for the price.,Good cigar for the price.
Cusano Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Above Average!!!,"These are definitely a great buy for the price, and far above average in which I most certainly will keep these babies in rotation!!"
Cusano Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great Cigar for the Money,A splendid full-flavored cigar!
Cusano Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Very good,Would buy again
Cusano Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Pleasantly surprised,Good draw and even burn! Well balanced flavor and very well constructed. I will buy again!
Cusano Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Surprisingly Good Smoke,Smooth cigar with a good draw. Flavor is subtle with a warm cedar taste and slight peppery feel that transitions into a well balanced smoke.
Cusano Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Cusano Nicarauga Toro,"Cusano never disappoints. I typically buy Dominican versus Nicaraguan, however, these are terrific."
Cusano Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Lucky!,"Rolled a 7, good taste and burn. Don't buy them out I'll want more."
Cusano Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Great construction,This is a well made stick that burns evenly with no soft spots or tunnels. Tasty too.
Cusano P1 Maduro,3 out of 5,Cusano,Pretty good smoke until you got to about 3/4 down and then the head of the cigar got loose.. But still a good cigar for the money..
Cusano P1 Maduro,3 out of 5,Good golf course cigar,"This one works well on the golf course.
Fill is slightly loose and seems to have more short cut filler than long cut filler"
Cusano P1 Maduro,4 out of 5,Good taste,Good taste; A bit soft; Good every day cigar
Cusano P1 Maduro,3 out of 5,La Floridita,Pretty good smoke. Nice and dark maduro wrapper. Good for the price. Would only buy when on sale or free shipping.
Cusano P1 Maduro,3 out of 5,Tasty but...,"Very tasty although it seems to be put together from scraps of tobacco. No matter how you cut, punch or slice into the cap you end up spitting out bits and pieces while trying to enjoy the nice flavor"
Cusano P1 Maduro,1 out of 5,Not one burned evenly,Not one burned evenly
Cusano P1 Maduro,5 out of 5,Enjoyable..,Enjoyable..
Cusano P1 Maduro,2 out of 5,Honest opinion,I ordered the special 16 pack maduro's. I have now smoked every one of them. I'm very disappointed though it has an okay taste it burns very uneven and is sometimes difficult to draw.
Cusano P1 Maduro,5 out of 5,Great taste,I received the package in a matter of days. These cigars are very smooth and have a great taste. I've shared them with friends and family. Everyone says this is a great cigar.
Cusano P1 Maduro,3 out of 5,Not so,Not so great they don't burn evenly and they drop ash all the time as in they flake off. The taste is ok though. I just don't like having to relight uneven burns
Cusano P1 Maduro,1 out of 5,no,Burns so uneven never buy again
Cusano P1 Maduro,3 out of 5,Weird Cigar,"I have been smoking cigars for over 50 years. Before my retirement, I smoked only Cubans. This is the first cigar that I ever had that was better the second day than when I first lit it up. It has a tendency to burn uneven. It is a quick smoke. I truly expected more from a Davidoff product."
Cusano P1 Maduro,4 out of 5,Cusano P1 Maduro Churchill,For the price it is a very nice smoke.
Cusano P1 Maduro,4 out of 5,Nice,Nice smoke but not real long smoke.
Cusano P1 Maduro,1 out of 5,Disappointing Cigar,"This used to be my favorite bundle cigar. Then Davidoff bought Cusano and began the long slow slide to irrelevance. First they forgot to make them, so for years we could only get the P1 occasionally. Now it seams that they’ve brought them back to market with a new label and amateur rollers. I sampled the P1 and N1 and both were very poorly rolled every cigar in two bundles canoed badly. They were also so loosely rolled that a 6 x 60 smoked for less then an hour. Save your memories - pass on this cigar."
Cusano P1 Maduro,5 out of 5,cusano p1 maduro,a little harsh but good every day cigar.
Cusano P1 Maduro,3 out of 5,"Solid, but wouldn't purchase again","Not bad for the price, but wouldn't buy them again. Easy draw and certainly the solid taste of a handmade cigar, but the flavor is thin and reminiscent of some machined cigars. Smell of the smoke isn't bad but thin and without much aroma."
Cusano P1 Maduro,5 out of 5,tar leakage,great tasting but had tar leakage on about 5 of them.
Cusano P1 Maduro,2 out of 5,"Great Service, Bad Cigar Choice","CI's service is great and always is but this particular cigar is awful. Burns uneven, wrapper comes apart, and is just bad all around."
Cusano P1 Maduro,3 out of 5,Cusan Madura Churchill,Bought these on a wim. Price was great - smokes don't match up quality and taste wise.
Cusano P1 Maduro,3 out of 5,not the best I've had,So far each cigar burns unevenly. Not rolled very tight. Taste is very good but the uneven burn causes less enjoyment and an early quit.
Cusano P1 Maduro,2 out of 5,Probably wouldn't buy again,"Probably wouldn't buy again; lighter construction and binder is loose during the smoke. Flavor, however is solid for the price range."
Cusano P1 Maduro,3 out of 5,Nice cigar for the money,Had never had one before. There was a deal so I gave it a shot. Nice
Cusano P1 Maduro,5 out of 5,CP1Maduro,AAA bit skinny . . .
Cusano P1 Maduro,3 out of 5,Poor Quality,Decent smoke for the money but the quality is poor. Very uneven burn. The cap is so small that when cutting the cigar the entire cap is often removed resulting in some unraveling of the wrapper.
Cusano P1 Maduro,4 out of 5,Cusano,Good buy...a bit hollow on the draugh....
Cusano P1 Maduro,5 out of 5,Cusano P1 Maduro Gordo,A good smoke at a very good price.
Cusano P1 Maduro,5 out of 5,Cusano,Could not believe the quality for the price....very good out in the yard smoke to hunting camp. You could even give them away on the golf course to those people that are always mooching from you and not be embarrassed. 7/10 rating in my book.
Cusano P1 Maduro,1 out of 5,Returned Cigars,Very moist didn’t burn well and had to light several times
Cusano P1 Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Great Cigar
Cusano P1 Maduro,3 out of 5,Good for the price,They taste is great but the burn poorly
Daniel Marshall Gold Torpedo 2012,5 out of 5,Gold retirement cigar,I bought this for retirement. It will be in my humidor until that time. Arrived in great shape in a cool coffin box.
Dark Shark,4 out of 5,Dark shark,"nice little smoke throughout the day, good price good quality."
Dark Shark,4 out of 5,"Good anytime,","These are good anytime you want a good cigar, nice slow consistent burn, nice draw and a mellow smoke."
Dark Shark,5 out of 5,That Shark Cigar,A highly recommended cigar for a reasonable price I will purchase again.
Dark Shark,4 out of 5,good day to day gar,good day to day gar
Dark Shark,4 out of 5,Just a smaller version of,Just a smaller version of the church I'll excellent cigar for the price smooth smoking !
Dark Shark,4 out of 5,Dark Sharks,A good fairly mild smoke for a fair price.
Dark Shark,5 out of 5,Great with a bourbon,Great with a bourbon
Dark Shark,5 out of 5,Great cigar,This is my daily smoke. Great cigar for the price.
Dark Shark,4 out of 5,Have patience good cigars will come?,"Good gar for the small price, but don’t be in a hurry to smoke out of the shipping box. I’ve been ordering these for awhile, the longer they sleep on your humidor the better. I have a few stashed that I ordered well over 2 years ago."
Dark Shark,5 out of 5,His favorite,His favorite
Dark Shark,4 out of 5,pretty good smoke,good taste. a little hard on the draw but not too bad. worth it for the price.
Dark Shark,5 out of 5,Good,Good smoke till the end!!
Dark Shark,5 out of 5,Great flavor for a low,Great flavor for a low cost cigar.
Dark Shark,4 out of 5,Great value,Good rich flavor for a very economical price.
Dark Shark,4 out of 5,Like them. Wish they didn’t,Like them. Wish they didn’t cost $50. So you have something similar that costs less?
Dark Shark,4 out of 5,Great value for quality product,Great value for quality product
Dark Shark,5 out of 5,Inexpensive everyday smoke,"Good value for the money. Nice everyday smoke, great for unwinding after a long day."
Dark Shark,4 out of 5,Solid cigar,"Solid cigar, burns even, long ash, my standard for the golf course."
Dark Shark,5 out of 5,Smooth smoke even with the,Smooth smoke even with the dark wrapper. Great value.
Dark Shark,5 out of 5,Good from light to the,Good from light to the last puff
Dark Shark,5 out of 5,Good cigar.,"When I smoke Dark Shark cigars, everyone says “that cigar smells good.” I like the flavor and so do non smokers."
Dark Shark,5 out of 5,Great cigar,This cigar can compete with any premium cigar
Dark Shark,4 out of 5,Dark shark,Smooth smoke for the money
Dark Shark,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
Dark Shark,4 out of 5,Hidden gem,Great flavor and well built. Will purchase again and again.
Dark Shark,4 out of 5,Pleasantly surprized!,I gave these babes a try on a whim and was I stunned! I may have just found my new daily stick. I lit up my 2nd stick today and was pleasantly surprized. Nice construction and draw. Smooth until the foot when it lends towards a bit harsh but still enjoyable. I will report back on these when I have smoked another 10 or so. Not a bad smoke for the price!
Dark Shark,4 out of 5,Better than most,Always good !👍🏻 for an everyday cigar these are better than most. I’ve ordered these 4 times and will order again😀😀
Dark Shark,5 out of 5,Maduro bargain!!!,If you like maduros and bargains then this is the cigar for you. Long filler and tasty. A little rough looking but dont let that fool you. The cigar smoking shark logo would make a cool tatoo!!!!
Dark Shark,5 out of 5,Excellent bargain daily smoke!,"These sticks are an easy daily smoke. Rich, thick plume of smoke, but mild flavor and a hint of sweetness. Not too much pepper flavor, but enough spice to be interesting. Smoked past the label, still smooth on the mouth. Definitely will purchase again, a BARGAIN at this price."
Dark Shark,3 out of 5,Nice price......,"Only smoked a couple, bought for a cheap golf cigar,one had trouble staying lit. For the price it's ok but will spend a bit more for some flavor."
Dark Shark,4 out of 5,They had a nice roll,They had a nice roll on them. Nice full flavor. Clean burn all the way down
Dark Shark,3 out of 5,solid but nothing exciting.,"Burned a little hot for me, the flavor wasn't very complex. A solid cigar all around though, if you can get it cheap."
Dark Shark,4 out of 5,Dark Shark,Decent smoke for the price!
Dark Shark,4 out of 5,Top notch smoke,"One of my “go to” cigars, always in the humi..,goes great with a dark beer!"
Dark Shark,5 out of 5,Great cheap long filler,"I think this is a great stick, it's a amazing deal for a long filler Maduro. Has a hint of black pepper and coffee. But neither is overwhelming. Great Smoke!!"
Dark Shark,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Dark Shark,5 out of 5,A good everyday cigar!,A good everyday cigar!
Dark Shark,5 out of 5,cheaper,fine
Dark Shark,4 out of 5,Living on time for a,"Living on time for a good price. Looking forward to doing business with you again… In the very near future. Thanks, Warren"
Dark Shark,4 out of 5,Your options,Mine have a mixture of long leaf and sandwich. I'm new to cigars so I would like another view from you
Dark Shark,4 out of 5,Sharky,Good smoke
Dark Shark,4 out of 5,Pull the trigger. Sit back enjoy how much you saved.,For a daily smoke this is it. Even burn great start great ending. Cannot beat the price period. I'm am ordering second pack today.
Dark Shark,4 out of 5,Very good for the price.,Very good for the price.
Dark Shark,5 out of 5,My go to,"Too good for the price to buy much else...sure I’ll take a cao pilon if offered, but...."
Dark Shark,5 out of 5,Good cigars for the price.,Good cigars for the price.
Dark Shark,5 out of 5,The dark shark that's my two thumbs up!,For one of the cheaper bundles this is a gem absolutely fantastic burns like a razor highly enjoyable with a unique flavor to them it's hard to explain but here I'll give it a shot they taste not in a bad way but like you know when you're fishing and you open up a new package of lures has a little of that type of flavor and aroma to them not in a bad way if you need a humidor filler these babies are a clear shot to cigar happiness for the price but don't take my word for it you just going to have to go one-on-one with the dark shark.
Dark Shark,4 out of 5,good cigar for price,"Nice and smooth, good draft"
Dark Shark,4 out of 5,Good smoke,"Enjoyed them, should have bought more!"
Dark Shark,4 out of 5,Excellent,"Good smoke, unbeatable price."
Dark Shark,4 out of 5,Good cigar,"These cigars ain't very pretty,but have a mild flavor. They aren't packed too tight, but have an easy draw."
Davidoff 702 Series,5 out of 5,Awesome,Awesome
Davidoff 702 Series,5 out of 5,Amazing,This is one amazing cigar would recommend to anyone will buy again once im out of them
Davidoff Aniversario Series,5 out of 5,"very smooth, enjoyable","very smooth, enjoyable"
Davidoff Aniversario Series,5 out of 5,Such a pleasant experience that it haunted me for a week!,"I received a Davidoff Small Perfecto in my first month's Cigar of the Month order. Great construction, even burn throughout and mild flavor from initial light to final little nub. I was actually surprised by how mild it was, in fact my initial reaction was that it was too mild. But, after a couple of days I found that I was still haunted by how pleasant the experience was . . . the most pleasant experience I've ever had smoking a cigar. Luckily I have the Double Cigar of the Month club order, so I've got another one of these babies waiting around for the right moment!"
Davidoff Aniversario Series,5 out of 5,Great tasting cigar,Davidoff’s double R is a great tasting cigar that also burns very evenly.
Davidoff Aniversario Series,5 out of 5,Best,This is the best cigar you can buy
Davidoff Aniversario Series,5 out of 5,Very good.,Good short smoke. Wish they were cheaper.
Davidoff Aniversario Series,5 out of 5,Davidoffs,Very good cigars
Davidoff Aniversario Series,5 out of 5,Absolutely the best,"Everything about this cigar is awesome. From the start to finish, it is worth every penny. Had bought a pack for a Christmas party. They went and everyone loved them. Can't wait to buy more."
Davidoff Aniversario Series,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Fantastic smooth creamy smoke. Really nice tobacco
Davidoff Aniversario Series,4 out of 5,"Good tasting, clean burning.",The cigar is good tasting and burns cleanly (doesn’t run).
Davidoff Aniversario Series,5 out of 5,Just the right size,"The perfect size cigar for an occasional smoker, mild but flavorful, burn perfectly"
Davidoff Aniversario Series,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Davidoff Aniversario Series,5 out of 5,its good time for anitime,its good time for anitime. will be good for you. smooth and creamy.
Davidoff Aniversario Series,4 out of 5,Not as great as I remember or as the costs suggest.,did not smoke clear flavor throughout. $$ should be as good from lighting to the point of knuckle burn. These were on your shelf too long!
Davidoff Aniversario Series,5 out of 5,A great balanced cigar to have in your humidor,"Pricey but worth it, I got this in the short perfecto, it is full of flavors from the beginning, starts off with a little vanilla coffee but it develops as it burns to a much richer cigar, the draw is easy and the construction is next to flawless. Will buy more for sure."
Davidoff Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Perfect,Perfect
Davidoff Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Always a Great Cigarillo!,Always a Great Cigarillo!
Davidoff Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Best I’ve found in a,Best I’ve found in a mini cigar
Davidoff Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Good buy,This is one of my favorite quick/short smokes. Solid good quick smoke.
Davidoff Cigarillos,5 out of 5,The Perfect quick smoke!!!,The Perfect quick smoke!!!
Davidoff Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Quality,Davidoff quality in a small package. I was impressed by the construction quality. Delicate and small but pack a large volume of smoke without burning down too quickly. Great for when time is short.
Davidoff Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Good taste and size,Good taste and size
Davidoff Cigarillos,5 out of 5,ich full body in a 20 minute smoke! Awesome deal-Davidoff for less!,rich full body in a 20 minute smoke! Awesome deal-Davidoff for less!
Davidoff Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Little cigars,These are my go to short smokes they are the best.
Davidoff Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Great little cigar,Great to have on a short break. Packs a lot of flavor and high quality throughout the smoke.
Davidoff Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Good little smoke,Good little smoke
Davidoff Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Fantastic little smokes,Fantastic little smokes
Davidoff Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Davidoff cigarillos,Excellent cigars. Perfect for 10 to 15 min smoke.
Davidoff Cigarillos,3 out of 5,They can carry more flavor,They can carry more flavor
Davidoff Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great mini cigar,Amazing flavor good for short smoke breaks
Davidoff Cigarillos,2 out of 5,Disappointed in Quality and Taste,"I was somewhat disappointed in this product from whom I consider one of the premier cigar makers. I realize these cigarillos are probably produced from left over trims and cuttings but there certainly was nothing remarkable in the taste. And unfortunately, although not attributable to Davidoff, when I opened the package and carefully removed my first cigarillo, it broke in my fingers due to extreme dryness from not being stored properly. They did revive after a few days in my humidor.
Overall, I was expecting more from the Davidoff brand."
Davidoff Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Nice,These little cigars are the best if you are out for a five minute smoke love them would buy over and over
Davidoff Cigarillos,5 out of 5,davidoff mini cigarillos silver,"nice for a quick smoke, 10-15 min; burns smooth and even, easy draw."
Davidoff Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great cigarillos,Great cigarillos
Davidoff Cigarillos,1 out of 5,Too harsh!!!!!,Too harsh!!!!!
Davidoff Cigarillos,3 out of 5,OK Everday,"They're a solid casual smoke, but a little harsh."
Davidoff Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Davidoff mini,Good flavor but too price
Davidoff Cigarillos,4 out of 5,A decent smoke. Ready for winter!,"Admit it, smoking cigars during the winter months can be drag. Luckily, this Davidoff mini cigarillo fits the bill. A quick 5-15 minute smoke that tastes great without wasting your time, tobacco, or your hard-earned cash. Just slightly stronger and more flavorful than their 'Gold' series. Recommended."
Davidoff Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great product,Great product
Davidoff Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Mild and enjoyable,"When the Davidoff Silver isn't available, this is next best choice. Good for that during the day cigar, but don't have enough time for a full one."
Davidoff Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Davidoff Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great mini cigars.,"Hard to beat the quality and the price of these, this is a great smoke when you dont want to smoke a full size."
Davidoff Cigarillos,5 out of 5,great little smoke,great little smoke
Davidoff Cigarillos,3 out of 5,I was expecting a little,"I was expecting a little bigger smoke,,, meaning Ring size.... Could Be just ny fault."
Davidoff Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Excellent,"Great Cigar, love the flavor..."
Davidoff Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Davidoff cigsrillos,Excellent
Davidoff Cigarillos,4 out of 5,The flavor is smooth and,"The flavor is smooth and rich. However, I find that they dry out quite quickly if not stored in a humidor"
Davidoff Cigarillos,5 out of 5,cigarillos,very good
Davidoff Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Very good,Very good
Davidoff Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Nice and Flavorful!!,When you don't have time for a stick but you want one...this is your go to!!!
Davidoff Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great for the wife!!,Great for the wife!!
Davidoff Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Nice size and a good,Nice size and a good taste
Davidoff Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Very good cigarillo,Very good cigarillo
Davidoff Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great smokes,Great smokes
Davidoff Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Tasty little mothers,So smooth like all Davidoff products.
Davidoff Cigarillos,5 out of 5,very nice,very nice
Davidoff Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great winter smoke!,"Honestly surprising! I got some really interesting flavors of cherry, in addition to some Earth and leather. Fantastic for the cold weather!"
Davidoff Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Best mini out there,Most flavor I have gotten from a mini. Almost as good as a full sized stick
Davidoff Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great flavor cigarillio!,Great flavor cigarillio!
Davidoff Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Best little cigar out there!,"For,all those who love med to full and full cigars but don't have time to enjoy one when your out this is the solution."
Davidoff Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Just right!,Superb! Really enjoyed these beauties!
Davidoff Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Awesome.,"These guys cancelled my order before my wedding because they were unable to verify my credit card account. I had missed an email from CI because it was not sent through their same email address, and did not see an email looking to make sure I was the one using my credit card. My order was cancelled days before my wedding where I was planning a full cigar bar. I called CI immediately, and they helped to make sure that I was able to get my order back up and going. They provided immediate and great service with dead-on delivery results. Products were excellent and so well received by all of my guests. CI was doing their job in protecting my identity, and still did a great job in making sure that I was happy! Definitely will be ordering more and more from them again! Thank you!"
Davidoff Cigarillos,5 out of 5,excellent short smokes,"these Davidoff mini Cigarillos Silver are absolutely delicious short smokes. About 3 minutes each. So much flavor!
I have smoked them for about 20 years. Wouldn't want to miss them ever."
Davidoff Cigarillos,3 out of 5,"Davidoff minis, silver, eh","Love the size of these lil guys. Perfect for smoke break at work. Flavor is ok, but the Gold minis are far better. Really wish CI would stock the Davidoff Nicaraguan Minis in the black box, they cost more but totally worth it"
Davidoff Cigarillos,5 out of 5,David off cigarillos,Small package-awesome full body flavor!
Davidoff Escurio,5 out of 5,Always perfect,Always perfect
Davidoff Escurio,5 out of 5,"Excellent, a touch lighter than Late Hour","This was my last Davidoff to check off my list, it is excellent. My favorite cigar is the Davidoff Late Hour but this Escurio was just EXCELLENT! I would say it is a TINY bit lighter than the Late Hour. Either of these two cigars are just wonderful."
Davidoff Escurio,4 out of 5,Awesome!,"Really tasty stick! Velvety mouthfeel and taste with hints of spice, leather. Wrapper smells of cocoa. Great draw and even almost razor sharp burn with long ash!"
Davidoff Escurio,5 out of 5,Very good stick,"Absolutely exquisite smooth all the way down to the stub
Highley recommend
But very expensive
Have never smoked a smother stick!"
Davidoff Escurio,1 out of 5,Burns hot.,Burns hot.
Davidoff Escurio,5 out of 5,"Excellent ""Shorty""","Fantastic ""shorty"" with the full Davidoff Flavor and excellence."
Davidoff Escurio,5 out of 5,I Love This Cigar.,This cigar is great. I'm always on the hunt for something like it but half the cost but it doesn't exist. You'll just have to eat the cost and buy it. If you like a maduro fan this is a must try. I give a 9.5/10. Bought 5 they where gone in a week.
Davidoff Escurio,5 out of 5,ALLRIGHT ALLRIGHT ALLLLRIGHT,These things are going to cost me alot of money. That is all.
Davidoff Escurio,5 out of 5,Davidoff Escurio Primeros,This was a really good smoke. Especially for such a small cigar
Davidoff Escurio,5 out of 5,Awesome!,"Great cigar, new to Davidoff but so far I haven't smoked a bad one! I had this cigar a few nights ago and loved its flavor profile."
Davidoff Escurio,5 out of 5,Smooth Escurio,"Picture a clear autumn night out by the fire pit...and smoking the perfect cigar. The Escurio from start to finish is that smooth, flavorful smoke that makes you feel like not wanting to leave."
Davidoff Escurio,3 out of 5,Not a big fan,Wasn't what I expected I'll stick with my cohibas
Davidoff Escurio,4 out of 5,Great cigar. Obviously the price,Great cigar. Obviously the price is a little hard to swallow so would not be an every day stick for me. But the taste and construction are flawless so this will definitely be a special occasion cigar
Davidoff Escurio,5 out of 5,EXCELLENT SMOKE,EXCELLENT SMOKE
Davidoff Escurio,5 out of 5,Great short smoke!,Great short smoke!
Davidoff Escurio,3 out of 5,davidoff escurio robusto,not a bad smoke but not totally to my preference.
Davidoff Escurio,3 out of 5,THe last order of 50 was bad [not Davidoff].,Two cigars I could not draw. Half [so far] will not stay lighted or burned irregularily.
Davidoff Escurio,5 out of 5,I liked they are good,Good cigars
Davidoff Escurio,5 out of 5,Love this smoke,"the Brazilian wrapper makes this a nice spicy smoke
I highly recommend this new item from Davidoff"
Davidoff Escurio,5 out of 5,Excellent Short smoke.,Excellent Short smoke. perfect when I don’t have much time.
Davidoff Escurio,5 out of 5,Delicious!!,This cigar was absolutely fantastic!!
Davidoff Escurio,5 out of 5,Quality tabacos,They aré aléjate fresh
Davidoff Escurio,5 out of 5,Fantastic from Davidoff,A great new cigar from Davidoff. This size is perfect for a quick relaxing smoke.
Davidoff Escurio,5 out of 5,These are great suckers!!!!!,"To put it short, these are fantastic for a short yet relaxing smoke in the cold. If you need something in the winter the petit ones do the trick."
Davidoff Escurio,5 out of 5,cigars,this cigars is well made. yes iwill buy more in the future
Davidoff Escurio,5 out of 5,Nice Cigar,Excellent construction and smooth taste.
Davidoff Escurio,5 out of 5,awsome cigars,david off petit robustos iwill buy again
Davidoff Escurio,4 out of 5,FULL Flavor Davidoff,"Normally the FULL flavor rating on the Davidoff line of cigars doesn't come close. The Escurio Gran Toro changes that. It's by far the fullest flavor cigar in my opinion from the Davidoff line. Full and true all the way to the nub. Excellent smoke!! If it had the pepper, spicy finish that the Short Perfecto has it would get 5-stars and be my Favorite smoke. None the less, finally a true full smoke, with the always awesome Davidoff flavor."
Davidoff Escurio,4 out of 5,lovely cigar!,"it deserves 5 stars for construction and burn! from a craftmanship perspective it is a work of art. i have smoked three now and this has been really consistent. however from a flavor perspective, the cigar lacks the depth and richness i would have expected… i was looking for more really deep notes of earth and chocolate that weren’t really there. mind you it was not at all unpleasant (i enjoyed them, it’s just not my favorite cigar. in the davidoff label i prefer the black label nicaraguans."
Davidoff Escurio,5 out of 5,petit robusto cigars,a relaxing smoke
Davidoff Escurio,5 out of 5,"Perfect, just what I needed....","First class service, outstanding cigars. You can't go wrong here folks...."
Davidoff Escurio,5 out of 5,Review of Escurio,"I am very impressed with the flavor of this beautiful cigar. Multiple changes throughout the cigar from spice to sweet with some earth and nuts. The burn is fairly good, I have seen a little uneven burn but the cigar self corrected.
CTappan,
McClellanville SC"
Davidoff Escurio,5 out of 5,You can't go wrong with CI...,"Quick service, excellent selection, decent prices...what's not to like!!!!"
Davidoff Escurio,4 out of 5,Great stick,"Good stick. I didn't enjoy it as much as the Millenium blend. hard a hard time keeping it lit. The draw was perfect, smoke output was great. Worth the price."
Davidoff Escurio,5 out of 5,Outstanding,"In a word, OUTSTANDING!"
Davidoff Escurio,5 out of 5,Excellent,Complex smoke
Davidoff Escurio,5 out of 5,robusto short,awsome short robusto will buy more
Davidoff Escurio,5 out of 5,cigar to try,awsome cigar will buy more
Davidoff Escurio,4 out of 5,Another satisfying Experience!,"Having smoke time limited to weekends I look for a great experience every time.
This lived up to my expectations!"
Davidoff Escurio,5 out of 5,yes iwould recomend these cigars if you are short on time,awsome cigars
Davidoff Escurio,5 out of 5,yes iwould recomend these cigars if you are short on time,summer is almost over this cigar is perfct for watching any sports event or going to casinos
Davidoff Escurio,5 out of 5,WOW!,"The wait is finally over. It was worth the wait & the price. Unfortunately anticipation forced me to smoke 2 immediately. I'll try to let the other 2 sit in the humidor. Like I said, I'll try? If they were great from the gate, I'm imagining what will they taste like with a little time in the humidor? All I can say is WOW!"
Davidoff Escurio,5 out of 5,WOW!,"The wait is finally over. It was worth the wait & the price. Unfortunately anticipation forced me to smoke 2 immediately. I'll try to let the other 2 sit in the humidor. Like I said, I'll try? If they were great from the gate, I'm imagining what will they taste like with a little time in the humidor? All I can say is WOW!"
Davidoff Grand Cru,5 out of 5,Davidoffs,Very good cigars
Davidoff Grand Cru,5 out of 5,Smooth Smokers,"If you are looking for an easy draw and a smooth cigar, this is for you.
It's a little too pricey for the amount of time you have to smoke it, but it is truly a wonderful cigar.
Upside; Great taste, easy draw, good for a quick smoke.
Downside; Pricey, smokes too fast to truly know you've enjoyed it fully.
I still give it a high rating."
Davidoff Grand Cru,5 out of 5,Davidoff Grand Cru,"Excellent in every way, no need to say more."
Davidoff Maduro Series,5 out of 5,My go to Stick,Love these great every day smoke for me.
Davidoff Millennium Blend,4 out of 5,Quick Response,Good cigar to smoke with a good bourbon.
Davidoff Millennium Blend,5 out of 5,Few match this Davidoff,"Few sticks excite the way this one does. The construction, draw, flavor and consistency are rarely topped in the stogie world. Expensive? Maybe....but well worth it. Told my youngest daughter how much I adored these...I received a box of 10 for Christmas. First I pulled from my new box and I want to save for special occasions. The occasion today? I wanted a great cigar."
Davidoff Millennium Blend,5 out of 5,Davidoff Millennium,"Excellent-smooth, great taste and aroma."
Davidoff Millennium Blend,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Don’t be afraid of the price. Nice even draw with a good blend to match
Davidoff Millennium Blend,4 out of 5,Average at Best,"At twenty-three dollars per stick, these Davidoffs certainly don't live up to the hype. Well built but disappointing aroma."
Davidoff Millennium Blend,5 out of 5,Exquisite,"Exquisite construction, burn and layers of complex flavor throughout the smoke. Met all ver high expectations."
Davidoff Millennium Blend,4 out of 5,Davidoff Millenium,"Davidoff never, ever disappoints"
Davidoff Millennium Blend,5 out of 5,My opinion,"This cigar in this blend & size is the best thing that ever happened to fire& smoke, very unique & can sit right next to the Padron 1964 anniversary in natural size principe! Nothing else needed."
Davidoff Millennium Blend,3 out of 5,Gino F,"Inconsistent ,
Some are rolled hollow which they burn extremely fast ,
When is right it’s excellent !
I expected better from davidoff for the price ."
Davidoff Millennium Blend,5 out of 5,Awesome smoke,Awesome smoke
Davidoff Millennium Blend,5 out of 5,Amazing!,Davidoffs are my absolute favorite!
Davidoff Millennium Blend,4 out of 5,Ok for Davidoff I expected,Ok for Davidoff I expected better
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Davidoff,The best cigar I’ve had.
Davidoff Nicaragua,3 out of 5,Good cigar,Over-priced in my opinion.
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,One of the best night,One of the best night smokes.
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great cigar!!,Two thumbs up
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Davidoff,"My package was lost, it was worth the wait and money"
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Ultra Premium,"It seems that mediocre with a nice cigar band is what passes for premium these days.. Fortunately, Davidoff Nicaragua breaks that mold. A true premium cigar that is worth spending the extra money on. Looks great, smells great, tastes great--and just as important...burns great. Truly an Ultra premium."
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,A nice smooth and even,A nice smooth and even smoke. A great tasting cigar. A very good cigar...
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Perfect,Diadema with buffalo trace what could go wrong. Absolutely nothing. Perfect!!!
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,A friend raved about this cigar so I had to give it a try. I will admit I'm a novice but this is one of the best smokes I've had so far. I will definitely keep a supply iny humidor.
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Awesome smoke,One of the best cigar I've smoked!
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,One of the finest cigars on the market!,Nicaraguan tobacco at its finest! Thick smoke and slow burn and a taste supreme. Elegance and style all wrapped up in this beautiful stick.
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Just Wait..,These are so good but so expensive. Very impressive smoke! Give these some time in your humidor they need to be properly humified to really shine.
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Davidoff Nicaragua,Always a great cigar !!
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Davidoff Nicaragua Toro,"When they arrived in the mail they felt quite firm and I became nervous. However, I enjoyed the first one on the golf course today. It was excellent and not dried out. Thank you for inquiring."
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great cigars,Order cake quickly. Everything was good.
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,AWSOME SMOKE!!,Will buy it again! Can’t go wrong
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Love CI,Super fast delivery and the best deals in the nation
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Davidoff,Mellow from start to finish. Even burn and fine ash. Worth the try!
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Davidoff Nicaragua Robusto Tubos,"I was very excited to receive my Davidoff Nicaraguas, one of my favorite treats. They arrived in excellent condition and were pleasantly fresh. Will be re-ordering more shortly!"
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Davidoff nicarague,Great cigar to enjoy after a long day
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Top of the line,"One of my favorites. Very smooth, consistent, great flavor. Can definitely tell this is a premium cigar."
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Great draw with full flavor and staying power Worth the premium.
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Davidoff Toro Box Press,Excellent - I consider these the best. Cigars came in great condition. Highly recommend.
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great cigar !! Medium Body,Great cigar !! Medium Body by some nodes of pepper and almond.
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,"Excellent cigar. Smooth taste, great","Excellent cigar. Smooth taste, great burn with fulsome smoke. Most enoyable. Sorry I didn't buy more"
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Davidoff Nicaragua Diadema,Consistently outstanding cigar
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,What a good choice to compliment a shot of scotch!
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Perfect Cigar,Great taste. Very well built. Need almost 2hours to finish. Always in my Humidor
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Top Shelf Stuff,Amazing Cigar! One of the best I have ever had. A little pricey but worth every penny. Great flavor and not too strong.
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Excellent,Great ! Cigars were shipped promptly and were very fresh. Thank you!
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,A great balanced cigar to have in your humidor,Love it. Will buy more for sure.
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Too strong,It's a beautiful cigar but not for medium strength lovers
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,My Favorite,"The Davidoff were great, great taste, great timing, and pleasant shopping! Overall great experience!"
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Tubo for Lunch,"The Davidoff Nicaragua is a confident man's cigar. The robusto in particular is hearty and rich. It's like smoking a hot cup of special reserve coffee next to your favorite fire in the middle of the woods, on a crisp January day. No need to eat lunch. This stick is more than enough to satisfy."
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,"Davidoff nicaragua, robustos","Sent a box of these robustos to my sons father-in-law, an avite cigar smoker and gave it a strong 97% both in taste and slow burn. Great hit with the in-laws! Ordering another box as we speak! Excellent choice....."
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Well worth the price,I have mostly smoked Cubans over the past 5 years. These Davidoffs are similarly priced and well worth it.
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Davidoffs!,Best cigars I've ever had! Great customer service!
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,dav nic.,"Best draw,great finish"
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,pointrick,Well Done!!
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,My new favorite,The dark wrapper makes this a great slow smoke
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Availability of fine cigars,"There aren't many places selling some of the best cigar brands, and that's why I like CI!"
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,excellent smoke,excellent smoke
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Davidoff nicaragua,Very nice stick
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Thumbs Up!,Superb smoke! Best I personally have had the pleasure to enjoy.
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Davidoff Box Press,Flawless cigar-great smoke as expected. Would buy more if not so expensive.
Davidoff Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Davidoff,Just swell
Davidoff Nicaragua,2 out of 5,Davidoff nicaragua robus to tubos,I couldn't wait to smoke one but when I did I was very disappointed. It actually tasted terrible. I had my friend try one and they said same thing.no more Davidoffs for me
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"One of the best cigars you can buy, worth the price."
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Super Bowl,"Hope it's good,will not smoke the first one until the Bengals win the Super Bowm!"
Davidoff Nicaragua,5 out of 5,simply the best,You can't go wrong with the Davidoff Nicaragua Toro whether it's for a special occasion or a regular smoke. This is cigar is of the highest quality.
Davidoff Primeros,5 out of 5,rich but smooth,rich but smooth
Davidoff Primeros,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,"What can you say about Davidoff, it is an excellent cigar.
The Primeros are good if you don't have the time for a full size cigar. I love them."
Davidoff Primeros,5 out of 5,Great lil' smoke!,They may be small but they pack a big punch! Full flavor in little package. The only problem for me was that you have to smoke quickly so it stays lit.
Davidoff Primeros,5 out of 5,Tasty little smoke.,I've been looking for a smaller smoke to pas the time during the week and found it with this tasty little number. The only problem is when finished I want another.
Davidoff Primeros,5 out of 5,Tasty smoke!,Very smooth and a delight to smoke anytime of day. Thoroughly enjoyed and will order again!
Davidoff Primeros,5 out of 5,"Davidoff cigar brands, especially Winston","Davidoff cigar brands, especially Winston Churchill in my opinion are exceptional, and fully relax me.
your prices and service also are very good.."
Davidoff Primeros,5 out of 5,Great quick smoke,Great quick smoke
Davidoff Primeros,5 out of 5,Wonderful cigars,"These cigars are very nice smoke, draw well, smell and taste wonderful. CI shipped the my total order timely, CI has exceeded my expectations."
Davidoff Primeros,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Perfect size for winter.
Davidoff Primeros,5 out of 5,Small in size Large in flavor.,I loved the Primeros it had a nice smooth taste with a nice oily finish and woodsy finish. Tons of flavor in a small Primero.
Davidoff Primeros,5 out of 5,Smooth,"If your looking for a smooth little smoke , when time is short these Dominicans will do it. It’s a Davidoff so you know the draw and burn are perfect. Definitely will be buying again. CI has impeccable service they got to me fast and fresh!!!"
Davidoff Primeros,5 out of 5,best priced Davidoff,This is the best deal on Davidoff.
Davidoff Primeros,5 out of 5,Davidoff Primeros,"Good smoke for the winter, quick and really smooth."
Davidoff Primeros,5 out of 5,Great cigar.,Really great cigar in every way. Smooth. Great flavor. Couldn't ask for more. I now see why the full size are so pricey.
Davidoff Primeros,5 out of 5,Great quality,Cigars arrived nicely and great quality
Davidoff Primeros,5 out of 5,Always a pleasure,Of course with Davidoff you expect a lot and they usually always deliver. The small size is perfect when I want a great taste but don’t have the hour sit down time.
Davidoff Primeros,5 out of 5,You Get What You Pay For!,"Exceptional quality, rich thick smoke for those times when you just can’t manage to get an hour away. I enjoy this product from Davidoff quite often during the work week. As always, Davidoff provides top shelf tobacco products that deliver what you expect. You will not be disappointed."
Davidoff Primeros,5 out of 5,Excellent prices and quick delievry,Excellent prices and quick delievry
Davidoff Primeros,3 out of 5,blah,"not a bad little smoke, but not as flavourful as i though it would be. it is difficult for a cigar this this to have any complexity."
Davidoff Primeros,5 out of 5,Davidoff Primeros Dominican Primeros,Great product. My friends love them!
Davidoff Primeros,5 out of 5,Smooth,"I'm new to smoking, these were suggested to me as an introduction to cigarillo smoking. I found them to be smooth,mild and easy to smoke."
Davidoff Primeros,5 out of 5,Davidoff,You want the best order Davidoff !!!!
Davidoff Primeros,5 out of 5,Davidoff,Does it get any better ????
Davidoff Primeros,5 out of 5,Davidoff,Fantastic stick for your money. Will purchase again !!!!
Davidoff Primeros,5 out of 5,Hole in one,Excellent smoke for the price. Great smoke on the links to share with special friends whom appreciate fantastic flavor and a smooth draw boys !!!! Hole in one !!!!!!!!!!
Davidoff Primeros,5 out of 5,Tasty as expected,Can't get enough of these to enjoy and share with friends and the links guys. Well worth the price allowing a great flavor and tasty draw as you would expect from this great cigar maker. Buy these !!!!
Davidoff Primeros,5 out of 5,Davidoff who else ?????,Top of the line cigars to enjoy on the links boys !!!!
Davidoff Primeros,5 out of 5,Real treat,"Pricey but a real treat. Well constructed,easy draw and delicious."
Davidoff Primeros,5 out of 5,My friends loved these ! Great Christmas gifts.,My friends loved these ! Great Christmas gifts.
Davidoff Royal,5 out of 5,Ilgar,Nice cigars for the present )
Davidoff Signature Series,5 out of 5,Excellent quality and taste.,Excellent quality and taste.
Davidoff Signature Series,5 out of 5,Smooth,Great great great smoke
Davidoff Signature Series,5 out of 5,Bests,Bests
Davidoff Signature Series,5 out of 5,Great cigar,One of my favorite mild cigars.
Davidoff Signature Series,4 out of 5,Floral and light,Very nice floral notes from the davidoff #2. Even burn. Thats pretty much it
Davidoff Signature Series,5 out of 5,Smooth as silk,"Great taste, Great drawand perfect size"
Davidoff Signature Series,5 out of 5,Top Quality,"A very smooth, well constructed stick worth its price. Delicious and will buy again."
Davidoff Signature Series,5 out of 5,great gift,SON IN LAW LOVES THESE CIGARS AND ASKED FOR THEM FOR CHRISTMAS
Davidoff Signature Series,3 out of 5,Ok but not great,A good cigar but not worth the super premium price
Davidoff Winston Churchill,5 out of 5,Good cigar,Very good cigar. Perfect chill cigar while still packing a lot of punch while not being overwhelming.
Davidoff Winston Churchill,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Great cigar. Another winner from Davidoff
Davidoff Winston Churchill,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great draw and the smell is essential Dominican. Good!
Davidoff Winston Churchill,5 out of 5,Awesome,Awesome
Davidoff Winston Churchill,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,"The Churchills follow a long line of excellent Davidoff offerings. Smooth, consistent burn and a nice not-too-strong flavor. One of my favorites."
Davidoff Winston Churchill,5 out of 5,Davidoff Wintson Churchill,"Very good brand, excellent aroma, very relaxing cigar."
Davidoff Winston Churchill,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Davidoff Winston Churchill,5 out of 5,OMG,"Words just cant do this one justice. Perfect everything, construction, draw, burn...and that wonderful, smooth flavor or superbly blended and aged tobacco. I think I'm going to order more just to be sure though..."
Davidoff Winston Churchill,5 out of 5,Davidoff Winston Churchill Aristocrat,outstanding!!!!
Davidoff Winston Churchill,5 out of 5,Davidoff Rocked It!,"Recent fan of Churchill sizes in general so naturally needed to try one of the best and was not disappointed. Absolutely perfect in every facet. From appearance, pre-light draw, smoke volumes, smooth as ever flavor, and a perfect burn. I'm guaranteed to order more!"
Davidoff Winston Churchill,4 out of 5,Very Smooth Smoke,"A very smooth/creamy smoke. I tasted no bitterness or ammonia, just cream/earthiness/sweetness. For the price I expected more, but this was still a pleasant smoke and something I would recommend to anyone looking for a cigar that has the same type of flavor profile as a good Cuban cigar."
Davidoff Winston Churchill,5 out of 5,Smooth and delicious,Smooth and delicious
Davidoff Winston Churchill,5 out of 5,Buy these.,"Just an amazing smoke. When you pickup a Davidoff you expect a quality smoke, these delivered beyond my best expectations."
Davidoff Winston Churchill,5 out of 5,Winston Churchill aristocrat.,Nice smooth consistent smoke.
Davidoff Winston Churchill,4 out of 5,"Nice cigar, great price on","Nice cigar, great price on a Davidoff"
Davidoff Winston Churchill,5 out of 5,Davidoff Winston Churchill PetitbCorona,Davidoff Winston Churchill is my favorite cigar and the Petit Corona didn't disappoint. I got this size to smoke in my outdoor man cave.. I bought a 5 pack and was pleased with quality.
Davidoff Winston Churchill,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,One of the best I have ever had.
Davidoff Winston Churchill,5 out of 5,great smoke,"full bodied, rich creamy smoke"
Davidoff Winston Churchill,3 out of 5,Davidoff Cigars,Not impress on this premium cigar....
Davidoff Winston Churchill,5 out of 5,Run More Specials on Davidoff's,"you need to put these on special more often
I friend who also buys from CI said he too would buy them if they were on special"
Davidoff Winston Churchill,3 out of 5,Not a long filler Davidoff...,"It tastes great, smooth, even burn. However, I needed to use the wrapper for something and after I took it off, I took the binder off and lo and behold this is a mixed filler cigar! Lots of little scraps and a few long pieces. How disappointing."
Davidoff Winston Churchill,5 out of 5,A Great smooth smoke,"Creamy smooth deliciousness!! Davidoff may be a little pricey, but they are worth every cent!"
Davidoff Winston Churchill,5 out of 5,The Davidoff Winston Churchill Raconteur Petit Panetela is a perfect smoke,This pint size version of the much bigger sizes is the perfect 15 minute smoke with a wonderful aroma and taste. I have now made these my favored smoke of all.
Davidoff Winston Churchill,5 out of 5,great,great
Davidoff Winston Churchill,4 out of 5,Davidoff review,"I found the Davidoff to be remarkably smooth, with no bit from beginning to end. Pleasant tight wrapper, clean crisp ash. Excellent treat for my son who just completed his fellowship in allergy."
Davidoff Winston Churchill,1 out of 5,Davidoff winstons,Some cigars damaged but packaging was 100% intact. Not impressed.
Davidoff Winston Churchill,5 out of 5,Davidoff Winston Churchill,These Churchill's are on of the best cigars I have ever smoked. Could not be much better. I'am going to get some more as soon as these are gone.
Davidoff Winston Churchill,3 out of 5,Davidoff Winston Churchill,It was ok. A little light but I guess expected more.
Davidoff Winston Churchill,5 out of 5,Flawless,Great cigar Great Smoke Will Never Let You Down
Davidoff Winston Churchill,5 out of 5,I'm relaxed :-))),"OMG... A great cigar just enough for a quick, relaxing, great tasting smoke"
Davidoff Winston Churchill,5 out of 5,Davidoff Churchill Toro,Excellent product delivered in excellent condition
Davidoff Winston Churchill,5 out of 5,Service review,Was impressed that I ordered cigars on Dec 23 and got them the day after Christmas! Good condition too!
Davidoff Winston Churchill,5 out of 5,awsome david off cigars,awsome cigars will buy more
Davidoff Winston Churchill,5 out of 5,winston churchill cigars,awsome cigat will buy more
Davidoff Winston Churchill,5 out of 5,cigar to try,will buy more awsome cigar
Davidoff Winston Churchill,5 out of 5,Davidoff,"My cousin loved his present, a small order or Davidoff Winston Churchill Traveller Belicoso. Thanks Cigars Int'l!"
Davidoff Winston Churchill,5 out of 5,Davidoff Winston Churchill,This was a very good smoke.
Davidoff Winston Churchill,5 out of 5,Davidoff Winston Churchill,Awesome cigar with great flavor!
Davidoff Winston Churchill,5 out of 5,david off winston churchill traveler cigars,awsome cigars will buy more
Davidoff Winston Churchill,5 out of 5,Very Happy With CI,CI had the item at a good fair price. The order process was easy with fast delivery. THANKU T.O.
Davidoff Winston Churchill,5 out of 5,david off winston churchill traveler cigars,very good quick smokeyes iwill order more of these cigars.yes folks you should try these.for a quick smoke
Davidoff Winston Churchill,5 out of 5,Excellent!,"Read about this blend before it hit the B & M's. I anticipated it being good. Good was an understatement. Before I knew it I smoked 1 four days in a row. I thought I was exaggerating, so gave 1 to a friend. His initial puff was the same as mine. Wow. Medium smoke, but the flavors progressed with stick. Slow and steady change. After smoking this.... Who needs pre-embargo? Move over Cohiba Beheke?!"
Davidoff Winston Churchill,5 out of 5,Davidoff Statesman,More money than I usually spend but tough to resist at this price. Excellent construction and a smooth finish. Special occasion treat.
Davidoff Winston Churchill,4 out of 5,DWCS,"the DWCS was a very good stick not a very great stick.I like the taste and the build,however,after smoking the Olive V its hard to compare.I would give the stick an 89 rating."
Davidoff Winston Churchill,5 out of 5,Davidoff Winston Churchill Statesman,"This is one unbelievable cigar! While one must pay Davidoff's premium price for their fine cigars, the Churchill line of cigars is outstanding. Well crafted, with a medium to medium-full flavor, there are hints of subtle flavors through each stage of smoking this stick. Reward yourself and order a five pack, share one with a friend and keep the rest for yourself!"
Davidoff Winston Churchill The Late Hour,5 out of 5,My favorite cigar,My favorite cigar. If you love this definitely check out the Davidoff Escurio which is marginally lighter and my top 2 favorite Davidoffs
Davidoff Winston Churchill The Late Hour,5 out of 5,they are GREAT!! I wish,"they are GREAT!! I wish they would make a 60ring. however, i still will buy them again for special times, cause they are very expensive"
Davidoff Winston Churchill The Late Hour,5 out of 5,"Fantastically hard to describe, while being fantastic.","Wow, a sublime experience. Not an every day smoke, but what you would buy your father for a special father's day if he smoked sticks. Absolutely stellar, starts pretty pedestrian with a hint of scotch oakiness, then really gets with it, but never too peppery. I was told the note to non-participants nearby was remarkably pleasant. I almost want to be around someone else smoking one while I didn't to experience it. Has an essence so delicious we could not put our finger on. Just opulent and fantastic on every level. Splurge and throw a few in your humidor for really special occasions. cheers-"
Davidoff Winston Churchill The Late Hour,5 out of 5,A superb stogie!,A great smoke. One of my favorites to finish a night with. I wish they weren’t so pricey and scarce. Just got to wait for the right deal to come along.
Davidoff Winston Churchill The Late Hour,5 out of 5,Davidoff After Hours,"If I could only have one cigar, this would be it!"
Davidoff Winston Churchill The Late Hour,5 out of 5,Treat yourself to a real gem,"The Late Hour is a great cigar. A little expensive but but if you want to treat yourself to a great cigar, buy it."
Davidoff Winston Churchill The Late Hour,5 out of 5,Very good cigar. Especially with,"Very good cigar. Especially with scotch.
I enjoyed it very much. I had it at a late evening hour. And will recommend it to my friends who also enjoy cigars."
Davidoff Winston Churchill The Late Hour,5 out of 5,Very good cigar,One of the best i have in my collection now..
Davidoff Winston Churchill The Late Hour,5 out of 5,The Late Hour,"A delightful cigar, most enjoyable and relaxing cigar I ever had. Well worth the price."
Davidoff Winston Churchill The Late Hour,5 out of 5,Worthy of Mr. Churchill himself,"A smooth, yet flavorful smoke."
Davidoff Winston Churchill The Late Hour,5 out of 5,A True Work of Art!,"I had the good fortune to try one of these at the Davidoff Lounge in Las Vegas. What is it about this cigar? For starters, it's absolutely beautiful. The dark foil stamped band, the Churchill logo treatment and the gorgeous wrapper... it's a work of art! It exudes quality and refinement. I loved it before I ever lit it. And, the cigar lived up to all of that once lit. IMO, this is a top drawer treat. I know there are better cigars, more expensive cigars, etc. But this is the one I hope my kids get me for Father's Day... hands down!"
Davidoff Winston Churchill The Late Hour,4 out of 5,Just awesome,Just awesome
Davidoff Winston Churchill The Late Hour,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,"Bold,Good burn,will definently buy again,"
Davidoff Winston Churchill The Late Hour,5 out of 5,Worth the splurge,"Beautiful sheen on the wrapper. Perfect draw which created lots of smoke. Not overpowering but full of flavor. Too bad they are rich in price but if you're in the mood to splurge, you won't be disappointed."
Davidoff Winston Churchill The Late Hour,5 out of 5,The late hour,Bold but very smooth !
Davidoff Winston Churchill The Late Hour,4 out of 5,GREAT SMOKE,"Very nice cigar . Full body yet very smooth. Had one at CI's in Hamburg and another while in London at Davidoff Store.
Going buy a box once they are back in stock. Well worth the money"
Davidoff Yamasa,5 out of 5,"A+ cigar, a little lighter than Late Hour/Escurio","Wonderful cigar I would rate this as the third heaviest in the Davidoff line, but was more like a heavier medium bodied cigar. I prefer heavier cigars so Late Hour is my choice followed really closely by Escurio and Yamasa. Excellent flavor and thoroughly enjoyed it"
Davidoff Yamasa,5 out of 5,Fantastic,Fantastic
Davidoff Yamasa,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"Davidoff is a great cigar and whenever one can get them a little cheaper, that is a plus! Arrived well within the stated time"
Davidoff Yamasa,5 out of 5,Yamasa Petit Churchill...,"Another great smoke from Davidoff. Not as full as most but a great draw and even burn. I like the fact that it doesn't hit me with pepper first then flavor. Earthy, woodsy taste with a touch of chocolate thrown in... Lasts about 20 minutes so its a little pricey for a short smoke, but hey, its a Davidoff!"
Davidoff Yamasa,5 out of 5,Davidof Yamasa Piramid,"Very big smoke, excellent flavor"
Davidoff Yamasa,5 out of 5,One of the best!!,This is my favorite Davidoff so far! It's even better than the Year of the Rooster for about half the price. Well aged tobacco and balanced flavors.
Davidoff Yamasa,3 out of 5,Not worth the money,Expected more from this cigar. Lots of less expensive cigars are better than this. Only smoked one. Hope the rest are better
De Nobili by Avanti,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
De Nobili by Avanti,4 out of 5,DE NOBILI CIGARS,NOT A BAD LITTLE CIGAR!
De Nobili by Avanti,4 out of 5,excellent,excellent
De Nobili by Avanti,5 out of 5,If you smoke these,"If you smoke these you have achieved the best
This earth has"
De Nobili by Avanti,5 out of 5,Best there is,"It’s the American cigar, pairs well with bourbon."
De Nobili by Avanti,5 out of 5,denobil economy,smoke for shorter smoke in lieu of john bull etc! they are very tasty
De Nobili by Avanti,5 out of 5,De Nobili,wonderful
De Nobili by Avanti,5 out of 5,toscani longs,"good little smoke, a bit tightly rapped."
De Nobili by Avanti,3 out of 5,Italian shorties,Good for a short smoke
De Nobili by Avanti,3 out of 5,Meh,They're alright. Draw is kind of tight.
De Nobili by Avanti,3 out of 5,short smoke,they are just fine when you only time for short smoke
De Nobili by Avanti,5 out of 5,traditional smoke salud... slow burn,traditional smoke salud... slow burn great with friends
De Nobili by Avanti,5 out of 5,A great smoke,I love these cigars. They are mu go-to daily smoke. They last about an hour and a half and have a decent flavor.
De Nobili by Avanti,5 out of 5,Parodi means good cigars,I have been smoking DeNobili & Parodi cigars since they came 2 in a pack for 15 cents.
De Nobili by Avanti,5 out of 5,It is a great cigar,It is a great cigar
De Nobili by Avanti,5 out of 5,Little Italy,These are great little smokes just as good as when Gramps used to puff on them
De Nobili by Avanti,5 out of 5,Good cigars,Good cigars
De Nobili by Avanti,3 out of 5,Not as good as the,Not as good as the real Italian ones. Price a lot better though. I still like their parodi kings better from avanti offerings. though still not as good as the Classico/anticos toscano dry cures
De Nobili by Avanti,5 out of 5,A ton,my Dad loved these!......He smoked a ton of them!
De Nobili by Avanti,5 out of 5,Great,My Dad smoked a ton of these!!
De Nobili by Avanti,5 out of 5,Cigars,Great company an best deal
De Nobili by Avanti,4 out of 5,Good value for the price,Not the best but good enough
De Nobili by Avanti,5 out of 5,DeNobili Longs,my old favorite go to for a slow satisfying smoke
De Nobili by Avanti,5 out of 5,DeNobili CIgars,"If your looking for a quick smoke, look no further. A medium blend full of flavor smoke."
De Nobili by Avanti,5 out of 5,Dinobili sticks.,Good in between other famous smokes! John
De Nobili by Avanti,5 out of 5,Good smoke,I remember seeing the old timers smoking these when I was growing up. Now I’m the old timer. A good quick smoke when time is short. Leave a pack in your golf bag or tackle box.
De Nobili by Avanti,5 out of 5,I like The cigars But,I like The cigars But Sometimes The cigars Are Broken Inside But Other Then that Cigars Are Good
De Nobili by Avanti,5 out of 5,I love them and smoke,I love them and smoke only these for years
De Nobili by Avanti,5 out of 5,Anyday cigar,"I've had these before and not bad for the price, but the one drawback to this cigar is that they are very had to draw on."
De Nobili by Avanti,5 out of 5,Not a humidor queen!,"The take anywhere cigar! These are the best to take along on rugged adventures. No need to carry a portable humidor, just throw them in the backpack or glove box and head out to parts unknown. A great evening smoke around the campfire or after a the evening meal with a cup of cowboy coffee. I take these with me when I travel to the wild west prospecting and exploring. Offer one of these with a cup of black coffee from your campfire to the most hardened rancher or stoic Native American and you have a new friend and essentially the ""keys to the kingdom"". Because of this simple gift of a good cigar, I've been taken and shown deposits of copper for hunting turquoise, malachite and azurite, I've been taken to creeks with gold and to volcanic areas with diamonds, peridot and garnet by folks that generally don't want anyone anywhere near their ranch or property and in places it would have taken a lifetime to explore and find. These are great ice breakers in a world where men are still men and they look badass like ole Clint Eastwood in those spaghetti westerns and the price doesn't create a burden on the budget."
De Nobili by Avanti,4 out of 5,DeNobili,Same as in the 50's.
De Nobili by Avanti,5 out of 5,Always enjoyable,"It’s the only cigar that I buy regularly. Yes, I have other brands that I like but I don’t buy them consistently. These I do."
De Nobili by Avanti,5 out of 5,The only cigar to smoke only a very hot day,I consider these to be the only cigar to smoke only a very hot day. You do not have to worry about them drying out and they have a unique flavor. They also make great cigars for traveling because they are not as delicate as a humidified cigar and they are inexpensive enough to only smoke part of. They also make a great and unique give-away cigar when meeting people on vacation.
De Nobili by Avanti,3 out of 5,"Different, but not bad","The product is different, the tobacco used is similar to tobacco used in cigarettes and tastes in my mind closer to a cigarette than a cigar. Not a bad smoke, just not really my thing"
De Nobili by Avanti,5 out of 5,Top notch,"Great service, great selection and quick delivery. Can not go wrong"
De Nobili by Avanti,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,I been a De Nobli smoker for some time now it's a very flavorful smoke at a good price.
De Nobili by Avanti,4 out of 5,"Very pleasant ""informal"" smoke","These are the same tobaccos as Parodi and Petri, both also by Avanti. They are a great change of pace from more conventional, humidified cigars. Woody in flavor (and texture!), they have a very pleasant fire cured taste, excellent with coffee. Though my humidors contain some of the finest sticks on the market, I will continue to occasionally turn to one of these for something different. They hold together even while riding a motorcycle, and also make a great yard 'gar."
De Nobili by Avanti,5 out of 5,I Like The Cigar,I Like The Cigar
De Nobili by Avanti,4 out of 5,De Nobili,I love these De Nobili cigars. They are strong and extremely satisfying. They are a nice change up to the premium big cigars. I cut these De Nobili's in half to provide a quick smoke.
De Nobili by Avanti,2 out of 5,Not my favorite,"At best there great while cleaning out the garage. Construction is pretty rough even for being dry cured and machine made, the draw varries with each stick and the flavor is that of a smoke filled cigarette."
De Nobili by Avanti,5 out of 5,Good prices. Fast shipping. Awesome,Good prices. Fast shipping. Awesome customer service.
De Nobili by Avanti,5 out of 5,Sampler - 40CT - Pefect Gift,I bought the mystery sample pack of 40 cigars as a gift for my husband. He was very happy with it!
De Nobili by Avanti,4 out of 5,Nice smoke,was introduced to these by father in law. Like them as a change from high priced sticks.
Devil's Weed Connecticut,5 out of 5,Devils Weed Connecticut Churchill,"This is one of my husband's favorite, smooth and burns evenly."
Devil's Weed Connecticut,5 out of 5,Very good smoke,Very good smoke
Devil's Weed Connecticut,4 out of 5,Great taste..,Great taste..
Devil's Weed Connecticut,5 out of 5,My review,They are a good cigar
Devil's Weed Connecticut,3 out of 5,Quick burn,Burns really quickly. There are better cheap cigars.
Devil's Weed Connecticut,5 out of 5,Devil's Weed,"Great taste, smooth not harsh!"
Devil's Weed Connecticut,4 out of 5,A good cheap cigar,A good cheap cigar
Devil's Weed Connecticut,4 out of 5,Very good tasting cigar Medium,"Very good tasting cigar Medium bodied,easy to light and easy draw! I still like the dark brew cigars better,but the conneticut wrapped stogies are well worth the money!"
Devil's Weed Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good Everyday Smoke.,Good Everyday Smoke.
Devil's Weed Connecticut,4 out of 5,Devil's Weed,Good cigar and pretty good flavor. Did notice several sticks did have hard stems but overall good cigar.
Devil's Weed Connecticut,4 out of 5,it a good cigar at,it a good cigar at first but at the end it burn your lip. I mean the tobacco do
Devil's Weed Connecticut,5 out of 5,Devil's Weed CT Churchill,Very good smoke.
Devil's Weed Connecticut,4 out of 5,Great cigar for the price,Great draw
Devil's Weed Connecticut,5 out of 5,Devil's Weed,"I finally, after much procrastination, I finally bought the Devil's Weed. It is now my ""Go To"" smoke when I get home."
Devil's Weed Connecticut,4 out of 5,"Good, intense tobacco flavor",Excellent for its price-quality ratio
Devil's Weed Connecticut,4 out of 5,DEVIL'S WEED,"A great cigar at a great price. Burns a little fast for a cigar. But, the aroma and texture make up for it."
Devil's Weed Connecticut,4 out of 5,Devil's Weed Connecticut Robusto,"Nice smooth, mild smoke and good burn. Only problem is that it easily comes apart in the mouth."
Devil's Weed Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good taste,Taste is smooth.
Devil's Weed Connecticut,4 out of 5,Devily Smooth!,"A really great smoke, especially for the price! Smooth draw, good taste1 I really enjoyed each stick."
Devil's Weed Connecticut,4 out of 5,A bit rough,"These were a bit rough around edges. The wrappers were not the best matured, some spots.... they tasted good enough though."
Devil's Weed Connecticut,3 out of 5,What is to be entered here?,Bad construction
Devil's Weed Connecticut,4 out of 5,Devil's weed,These are good smoking and at a fair price.
Devil's Weed Connecticut,5 out of 5,Devil’s Weed,Even burning and smooth
Devil's Weed Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good knock around cigar.,Good knock around cigar.
Devil's Weed Connecticut,4 out of 5,Love this cigar,Love this cigar
Devil's Weed Connecticut,4 out of 5,Smooth Burns to fast,"Smooth
Burns to fast"
Devil's Weed Connecticut,5 out of 5,"Smooth, rich smoke","Smooth, rich smoke"
Devil's Weed Connecticut,5 out of 5,Devil's Wees Robusto,Great.smoke!
Devil's Weed Connecticut,4 out of 5,Way excellent for the price,"Smooth cigar for an extremely reasonable price. These do burn quickly and somewhat unevenly. However, for the price, the quality is better than I expected."
Devil's Weed Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great smoke at a very,Great smoke at a very good price
Devil's Weed Connecticut,3 out of 5,Decent for the price,This cigar is a decent smoke for the price.
Devil's Weed Connecticut,3 out of 5,"Ordered this for my husband,","Ordered this for my husband, he said they were ok for a cheaper cigar"
Devil's Weed Connecticut,5 out of 5,Extremely Mild,"A very mild cigar. Perfect for someone just starting into cigars. Not over powering, but has descent flavor."
Devil's Weed Connecticut,5 out of 5,Mellow,"Nice mellow taste, easy draw and the price is on point. My new favorite."
Devil's Weed Connecticut,1 out of 5,TooTightly packed. Hard to draw.,TooTightly packed. Hard to draw. uneven burn
Devil's Weed Connecticut,5 out of 5,A good smoke,"Very pleasant smoke with mild flavor
A good smoke any time of the day
I’ll be buying more of these"
Devil's Weed Connecticut,2 out of 5,There ok,Even thou there nice and mild they don’t burn evenly!
Devil's Weed Connecticut,3 out of 5,"Ok, but not for you.","This is a fine, affordable cigar, but you probably should not buy it as supplies are limited and I would rather have them as a back-up than let someone like you enjoy them."
Devil's Weed Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good quality,Good quality
Devil's Weed Connecticut,5 out of 5,Very smooth cigars,Very smooth cigars
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,5 out of 5,Sweetness on the tip of,Sweetness on the tip of the cigar doesn't last like other brands but this cigars taste is surprisingly really good.
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,5 out of 5,GREAT ROCKY!!!,"Great taste... Great burn.
Just a greatRocky!!!"
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,4 out of 5,love these sticks.,"Very nice smoke for the price. Subtle coffee and chocolate notes. Not overly sweet, which makes for a feeling of higher quality. So far all have burned nicely. Smoked all down to the nub. I would say starts medium full and ends mild to medium. Band is high quality as well. Will definitely keep a plentiful supply."
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,4 out of 5,Devils weed madoro,"Ordered a bundle a month ago nice va
Flavor chocolate and coffee good cigar nice draw firm to touch enjoyed every one good and cheap burn as many as you want liked to order more waiting for restock definitely want these in my humidor"
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Value,Good everyday stick...
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,5 out of 5,👍🏿👍🏿👍🏿👍🏿👍🏿👍🏿,👍🏿👍🏿👍🏿👍🏿👍🏿👍🏿
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,4 out of 5,Great smoke for money,Great smoke for money
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,5 out of 5,great smokes,well flavored cigars
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,5 out of 5,Nice Flavor,Excellent for the price. Flavor and taste are nice.
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,1 out of 5,I wasn't expecting a Swisher sweet.,I wasn't expecting a Swisher sweet.
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,5 out of 5,Devil's Weed,"Nice smoke. Has a smooth flavor and nice even burn. Not too strong. A nice addition to any humidor, especially if you're into herbals and/or flavors."
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,5 out of 5,Love them....,Great flavor with a clean smooth burn. A great value too....
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,5 out of 5,Great taste!,"I usually don't smoke flavored cigars, but like Maduro, not bad at all!"
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,4 out of 5,nice smoke,"I enjoyed after trying for the first time. My on problem with this cigar is that some are rolled really lose and burn very quick. Has a great aroma, good every day cigar."
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,3 out of 5,Its Okay,"I purchased these sticks to try them out and they were okay. Decent construction and aroma but the taste reminded me of some bitter dark chocolate that a coffee infusion. Very blandish aftertaste. If you are on a tight budget, and want a somewhat infused cigar, this would do fine. Just ain't feeling this stick."
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,2 out of 5,Okay for everday,Not a memorable smoke but okay for the price.
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,4 out of 5,great,great
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,5 out of 5,dark brew,I thought they were great. iwas so sadden when i went to reorder theem they were all gone. The word Backorder was there.
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,4 out of 5,It's a good cigar,It's a good cigar
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,2 out of 5,Strong coffee flavor,"Decent flavor, but most burn badly. One wrapper just fell off!"
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,5 out of 5,Absolutely awesome!,Full bodied easy draw and beautiful coffee and chocolate notes! Must have in stock in your humidor!
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,5 out of 5,Better than expected,Got these on sale. Was pleasantly surprised by the flavor. Good everyday smoke. Will definitely buy them again.
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,4 out of 5,"Great start, meh finish","Nice, tasty cigar! Until the last quarter then it became just a gas station cigar. Great smoke when you want a cigar but don't have 2 hours."
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,5 out of 5,nice everyday cigar. really enjoy them.,"smooth smoke, easy draw, great coffee/chocolate taste. an extremely enjoyable cigar. definitely five stars."
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,4 out of 5,Nice,Hate to say it but it’s NICE. Hope that it doesn’t go on the back ordered list.
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke!!,"This is my daily smoke, so if you like flavored cigars like i do and like the coffee ones, then this your smoke!, this is a slightly sweet big bold cup of black coffee! I havent tried the other wrapper yet but i'm sure its great also, but i'm keeping this one and ya can't beat it for the price!!!"
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,5 out of 5,CIGARS,"OUTSTANDING,PLEASE KEEP THEM ON STOCK LOVE TJUS COMPANY"
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,3 out of 5,Not bad smoke decent nice,Not bad smoke decent nice draw a little to sweet for me
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,5 out of 5,very injoyable,very injoyable
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,4 out of 5,Great name even better smoke,A great relaxing smoke cool and tasty
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,1 out of 5,Overly infused,"Didn't realize this was an infused cigar. Guess I didn't read it right. However, the infusion is so overpowering. Will say the one I did try was well made and smoked well."
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,3 out of 5,"Sweet smoke and flavor, but not necessarily coffee...","I love coffee with my cigars, the graphics on the bundle are so much fun, so I had to try a bundle. First of al, this is my first ""coffee flavored"" cigar, but I really doubt these are coffee bean infused. Half way through my bundle of these cigars, this is my impression: 1) sweet smelling smoke...almost like incense. 2) Draw and construction is smooth and easy. 3) The taste is also sweet, but i don't get an impression of coffee from it. Conclusion: similar to other artificially flavored cigars. But it's not bad, especially for the price."
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,5 out of 5,Fantastic cigar,"Very sweet lot of coffee flavor not as much as a Java
Does burn a little too quick"
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,4 out of 5,Ok cigar,Good cigar for the price burns even had a few bad ones. Got alot of chocolate take very tastey. Keep separate from you none flavor smokes.
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,5 out of 5,Great tasting easy to draw,Great tasting easy to draw cigar
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,4 out of 5,"Coffee,chocolate","Great cigar wonderful flavor and aroma my wife enjoys . I can't afford javas except 1 or 2 here and there, these are darn my new cigar to my rotation will definitely by again"
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,4 out of 5,Good smokes,Good smokes
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,5 out of 5,Everyone enjoyed these! Great buy.,Everyone enjoyed these! Great buy. Easy smoke.
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,5 out of 5,Flavor and More!,"I was really impresses with these cigars, they have a nice smell and subtle flavor before lighting. So are I have smoked about 8 of them with no issues, smooth and even draw to the end. They are a nice change from my other cigars and would buy them again."
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,4 out of 5,cigars,Good cigar for the price.
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,4 out of 5,great for price.,"Nice flavor, burns decently, not very tightly rolled but not overly loose either. Good smoke for the price."
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,5 out of 5,Flavor,Great Taste for price
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,1 out of 5,Didn't like them,"Smelled like coffee and tasted like a flavored cigar i did not enjoy them so i gave most of them away...
No more yukk"
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,4 out of 5,a good knockaround smoke,a good knockaround smoke
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,4 out of 5,Decent smoke,"I was not aware that these are flavored tipped cigars, which I normally do not like. That being said, the flavor does not last for the entire smoke and the coffee infusion is actually really good."
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,4 out of 5,Really smooth smoke. A great,Really smooth smoke. A great after dinner cigar.
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,4 out of 5,Good tome,"Perfect cigar for golf or after dinner, I enjoyed as much ss s java ! good draw ,flavor and price"
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,1 out of 5,Awful,No coffee all chocolate
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,4 out of 5,Quite the pleasant surprise.,"Would not have known about these w/o CI's special emails and am very glad they sent it out pertaining to this smoke. Opening the package was a pleasant surprise with a rich aroma with a slight sweetness. Lighting my first one had me sold. It's smooth, smokes well and even and the taste is good along the entire length. Drew Estate watch out for this one. As said on the staff review, it's a loose rolled cigar and is a bit squishy but will buy again."
Devil's Weed Dark Brew Coffee Maduro,4 out of 5,Great Cafe Cigar,"Just received these and what a great cafe cigar. The wrapper smells of rich chocolate and the taste is coffee, chocolate and spices.
This is great in the morning and with coffee.
The only negitive is the construction is not the best. Iv had 2 now and both fall apart at the head about the last 3rd."
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,3 out of 5,where's the coffee,"not as good as the red, no coffee flavor or smell. hope the maduro is better."
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,4 out of 5,Good ieda to keep them in a seprate humidor...,Upon opening the pack I immediately felt like I wasted 50 bucks. These things stink! Sat in my humidor for a few weeks before I had the courage to try them. Sweet on the tip with a pretty good tobacco taste. Fine smoke output. Had to touch up the burn a few times and a little bitter here and there. A quick 45 minute smoke.
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,5 out of 5,Devils weed,"Really love the flavor, taste, and burns evenly. The only down side is that this is the second cigar I've ordered that there are issues of getting them regularly. I do understand that many times it's due to instability within that country but having the ability to enjoy what you like still remains. AS FOR THE CIGAR I GIVE IT 100"
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,5 out of 5,Good Smoke for a Great Price,When my buddies stop by this is what they get...great smoke for an believable price. I'm starting to smoke more of them myself as well.
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,4 out of 5,Light on the Coffee Flavor but good smoke!,"I was expecting like the CI Coffee Knockoffs which are a FABULOUS deal when they are in stock. These Devils Weed have a small coffee flavor and aroma in the very beginning, but lack the continued coffee effect of the CI Coffee Knockoffs. Overall for the price, these Devils Weeds do have great draw and burn well. I will order again!
Bill H.
NMB, SC"
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,3 out of 5,Just ok,Just ok
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,5 out of 5,devils weed!!!,"great value, good coffee flavor , but fades quickly"
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,4 out of 5,A stick of coffee,"Very good smoke, goes well in the morning"
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,5 out of 5,The devil made me do it,Taste and smells great
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,5 out of 5,Mark Twain,Great cigars! Great body and burn. Nice mild robust flavor.
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,5 out of 5,devil weed natura brew coffeel robusto,"smooth, enjoyed so far.."
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,4 out of 5,mor man,"Niece cigar. Good taste, smooth smoke."
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,3 out of 5,Devils weed habano,Since you were out of stock on the Maduro I order the habano little on mild side for my palate but still good smoke rold nice firm not to tight nice aroma
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,4 out of 5,Devil's weed coffee.,"Love the flavor and burn, could be a tighter roll."
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,5 out of 5,Great smoke very tasty,I noticed these gave them a try I have enjoyed them
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,5 out of 5,Good Friday evening cigar.,Goes great with coffee or some dr pepper mixed with wiskey!
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Good draw and good burn. I will try the dark brew next time as I wanted a bolder coffee flavor
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,3 out of 5,Not Bad....,Not Bad....
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,5 out of 5,First time buyer,"Thank you so much
Great quality and shipping"
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,4 out of 5,Good,Good
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,5 out of 5,Devil Weed,Excellent very smooth and great burn
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,4 out of 5,Good,Very nice
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,3 out of 5,Wha,Poor construction
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,5 out of 5,I received the torpedo (,"I received the torpedo ( I'm not a fan of torpedos ). It is a bit flimsy and loose, yet I enjoy it with my cup of Joe in the morning."
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,4 out of 5,Very good smokes!,Very good smokes!
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,2 out of 5,Toro,Not too impressed- burn fast and hot. Got bitter by the last third. Don't get much of a coffee flavor. Liked the CI coffee knock-offs better.
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,4 out of 5,Good,Good
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,5 out of 5,excellent taste a good smoke,excellent taste a good smoke
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,5 out of 5,good and inexpensive,perfect for a quick smoke.
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,4 out of 5,Flavotd cigars,I usually don't care for a flavored cigar. This one isn't bad. It's not overpowering
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,4 out of 5,Great buy for the money,Great buy for the money
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,5 out of 5,"Easy smoke, just won over several newbies with this smoke","Sweet, easy, great price, it will be my go to if price doesn’t shoot up"
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,5 out of 5,great smokes,very nice flavor. price was great. cant wait for my son to try
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,2 out of 5,Poorly made cigar (loosely packed).,Poorly made cigar (loosely packed). Burns very uneven and burns to fast
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,4 out of 5,Not bad but not an,Not bad but not an Olivia or Nub
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,3 out of 5,Just Average,Tthat's the most that can be said for these...
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,5 out of 5,Pete's retirement treat,I have smoked many cigars but this is my favorite. The mild taste of coffee with a hint of chocolate was superb.The first cigar I could totally inhale.
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,4 out of 5,"The Devil's Weed, Natural Brew Coffee","Name is catchy but I think if it were I the name would get changed to something more cigars. A tasty cigar nevertheless, smooth draw and nice and mild the way I like them. I would definitely recommend them"
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,5 out of 5,Very good early day cigar,Very good early day cigar or anytime of day can’t beat price
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,4 out of 5,Tasty,Tasty
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,2 out of 5,"Not Trash, But Not My Prime Choice Either","I’m big on coffee infused sticks so thought I’ve give these a go. Starting profile is decent then it breaks down mid stick due to the quick burn. The wrappers are a little too loose a then start to break as you get to the sweet spot. The major turn off are the leaf stems that are rolled into the caps of the cigars. I thought that was an odd move considering the cigar build was already sub-par. If you are looking for a nice knockaround infused smoke on a budget, this is a decent buy. If you are looking for an infused to lounge with for an hour or so, you might want to venture somewhere else."
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,4 out of 5,"Smells great, taste a bit lacking","As the aroma is great, and the overall perforceance of the stick is good, its lacking that coffee flavor."
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,4 out of 5,Very good. Awesome for the,Very good. Awesome for the price.
Devil's Weed Natural Brew Coffee Habano,3 out of 5,Okay cigar but nothing exceptional,"I bought these as a daily deal. The few I've smoked so far seem to be loosely wrapped and consequently they tend to burn a little hot and fast. I wasn't expecting the slightly sweet taste on the wrapper, but it isn't unpleasant. For the good price I got them for, they are a decent everyday cigar. I probably will buy a different cigar next time."
Devil's Weed Red Devil,5 out of 5,Give it a try.,Great tasting cigar would recommend a try!
Devil's Weed Red Devil,3 out of 5,Poorly wrapped,"Taste was pretty good and consistent throughout the stick but out of a pack of 25, I had roughly 10 of them either start unraveling when cut or the wrapper would burst mid smoke."
Devil's Weed Red Devil,4 out of 5,Great flavor for a pleasant,Great flavor for a pleasant one hour smoke for a great price
Devil's Weed Red Devil,5 out of 5,GREAT SMOKE,GREAT SMOKE
Devil's Weed Red Devil,5 out of 5,Easy draw and subtle flavoring.,"I love these, the cherry flavor is subtle but sticks around till the end. Construction was consistent and the draw was perfect on every one. I will order again."
Devil's Weed Red Devil,4 out of 5,Easy smoke,Burns well but i didn't taste the cherry. Very mild. Would probably buy again
Devil's Weed Red Devil,5 out of 5,Great taste,"I really enjoyed smoking these. If you like infused cigars, you will probably love these. I would say they taste like chocolate and cherries."
Devil's Weed Red Devil,5 out of 5,tasty smoke,Tasty smoke.. nice size.. fresh.. good all-around flavored cigar.. great price.. given a couple away.. girlfriend likes it everyone approves
Devil's Weed Red Devil,4 out of 5,Nice Every Day Cigar,"They have a good appearance, most have a good draw (a couple were a little hard to draw but smokeable), wrapper leaf has a little sweetness (not as sweet as an Isla Del Sol which is good), they produce a good thick white smoke, a few have burned unevenly but most have shown an even burn. A little on the mild side for me, but that’s a personal preference. A good morning cigar. They’re a good value for the price."
Devil's Weed Red Devil,5 out of 5,Nice,Nice
Devil's Weed Red Devil,5 out of 5,The Best cigar,Very Nice!
Diamond Crown,5 out of 5,"For me, THE BEST SMOKE!","I am a long time pipe smoker and just three months ago tried my first cigar. I have tried over 25 blends, most in the mild to medium range. I rate them from ""5 to 10"" on my chart I created in Photoshop. I went to my favorite ""cigar cave"", and a fellow cigar lover introduced me to the Diamond Crown. From the first puff to very last, was pure joy. I purchased The Doctor's Orapik Traveler Interdental Pick, stuck it on the end of the side of the cigar and was able to smoke it almost to the very end. It is a bit expensive, however, less than the Cohiba Connecticut that I also enjoy as well. I rated this cigar a ""10""! No other cigar I have tried received this rating."
Diamond Crown,5 out of 5,Great!!!,Great!!!
Diamond Crown,5 out of 5,Diamond Crown,"A perfect cigar for that special occasion....quality construction, sure! Smooth smoke and even burn, just doesn't get any better."
Diamond Crown,3 out of 5,It was a descent smoke.,It was a descent smoke. Medium with a good flavor. I would purchase them again
Diamond Crown,5 out of 5,Worth the price,"Somethings cost more because they are just better. Diamond Crown is my favorite to smoke when I have an hour to just sit and enjoy. Not my everyday, but Mt reward cigar. Usually every other day. For me, the best I’ve ever smoked and I’ve tried them all."
Diamond Crown,4 out of 5,It is a good cigar.,It is a good cigar. Not too heavy. Not too light
Diamond Crown,5 out of 5,A True Diamond,Great great smoke. Ever approach someone to see what they were smoking because it smelled so good? It was this cigar.
Diamond Crown,4 out of 5,Very good cigar,I enjoy the quality and consistency of the Diamond Crown #3 Maduro. The taste is very good and it has quickly become one of my mainstays.
Diamond Crown,4 out of 5,Very good but overpriced,"Very good cigar but way over hyped and priced. I have been smoking cigars for 25 years and smoke about 3 a day. I like all kinds and I do like CT wrappers but I don't see anything outstanding about this cigar to justify the price. There are others just as good at half the price. Example My Father CT, RP Vintage 99 and others. Don't get me wrong I like them and always have a couple in my humidor. But unless you just have the money spend I would look to others. Try one and see if you agree."
Diamond Crown,5 out of 5,Finest smoke out there.,"Diamond Crown has long been one of my absolutely favorite smokes. The #1 Robusto takes an absolutely fantastic smoke and extends it. Make sure you have time to fully enjoy this cigar, because you will be there for an hour. The light wrapper has a slightly ""sweet"" flavor that is incredibly subtle. The filler is about as smooth as it gets. This is definitely a mild cigar that you can enjoy without worrying about tasting it for the rest of the evening. With long cigars, you worry about draw and even burn. Not an issue with these. There have been a couple occasions where I have gotten an uneven burn, but that can easily be corrected with the lighter. I have never had a tight draw. Smooth and clean is the best way to describe it. My dad lives on the water. Every time I visit, I bring a couple of these and we sit in the back yard, overlooking the bay, and catch up with smoking these and sipping fine whiskey. Truly a wonderful experience."
Diamond Crown,5 out of 5,Well Worth It,"These are all they're hyped up to be and more. The #4 has to be the smoothest and tastiest Connecticut cigar I've ever had (been enjoying cigars for the past 18 years). Try these, you will NOT be disappointed."
Diamond Crown,5 out of 5,"Great wrapper, flavorful tobaccos, and slow burning as always","One of my top 3 favorite cigars. Buy the biggest size available, you'll wish you did when it starts to come to an end."
Diamond Crown,5 out of 5,DIAMOND CROWN THE BEST!,"If you have been smoking a few years, and willing to spend a few dollar for a great cigar Diamond Crown is the brand you must try. I smoke #4 and think it's a notch above most other brands. It's smooth, creamy, & great draw every time. I always keep them in my humidor."
Diamond Crown,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Diamond Crown,4 out of 5,Diamond Crown,The diamond crown is a great cigar. I have one at work and one at the track at the beginning of the final race to celebrate my sons victory.
Diamond Crown Julius Caeser,5 out of 5,one of my favorites,always well balanced a great smoke mid-day
Diamond Crown Julius Caeser,5 out of 5,great cigar,beautiful cigar! and a great smoke
Diamond Crown Julius Caeser,5 out of 5,Julius Ceasar Daimond Crown Cigars,"Excellent cigars, very well constructed with a suberb taste"
Diamond Crown Julius Caeser,4 out of 5,Good Cigar,Great flavor and aroma but burned too fast and unevenly..
Diamond Crown Julius Caeser,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Smooth
Diamond Crown Julius Caeser,5 out of 5,JC Newman!,"An outstanding everday smoke that always delivers, just like the Newman Family!"
Diamond Crown Julius Caeser,5 out of 5,Top notch,Top notch
Diamond Crown Julius Caeser,5 out of 5,Opinion,Have to have them in my rotation.
Diamond Crown Julius Caeser,5 out of 5,Great stick,Great stick
Diamond Crown Julius Caeser,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,Excellent cigar
Diamond Crown Julius Caeser,5 out of 5,Great cigars. Arrived in perfect,Great cigars. Arrived in perfect smoking condition.
Diamond Crown Julius Caeser,5 out of 5,Diamond crown Julius Caeser,Great cigar would recommend this to any med/full smoker.
Diamond Crown Julius Caeser,5 out of 5,Not your everyday smoke,Worth every penny.
Diamond Crown Julius Caeser,5 out of 5,every cigar should taste this good,"No matter your strength preference, every cigar should taste this good."
Diamond Crown Julius Caeser,5 out of 5,Exquisite cigar!,"Exquisite cigar! Beautifully balanced in all areas of flavor. Price? Well, that's the unfortunate part...
Still, worth a try for any cigar smoker."
Diamond Crown Julius Caeser,5 out of 5,Best in a very long time!!! and I've smoked some deusies,A fricken awesome cigar! I rate this higher than anything I've smoked in a long time. lots' of good ones out there but this excels.. People raved about Camacho's PE but it doesn't compare to this one. I don't care how much cuban tobacco it has. Julius rocks!
Diamond Crown Julius Caeser,5 out of 5,A real gem!,"A little pricey but, MAN, what a cigar! Absolutely delicious, medium bodied cigar. Just creamy goodness throughout. Look for a deal if you can't justify the sticker price. But if you are a medium bodied smoker, you must try this gem!"
Diamond Crown Julius Caeser,4 out of 5,Deliciou$!,"REALLY REALLY GOOD CIGAR! Among my favorite medium bodied sticks, for sure, but they are just too expensive."
Diamond Crown Julius Caeser,5 out of 5,Pricey but delicious!,"The Julius Caeser has great flavors and nuances that are just a pleasure for those times when I don't want to be knocked on me arse. As a med-full to full strength & flavor cigar lover, I find this stick to be perfect for early in the day with coffee or ginger ale - a solid medium in my book. I have had a wonky burn or two, but for the most part these deliver everything I could ask for in a medium bodied cigar. They are just plain DELICIOUS! If you work at it, you might find a deal here on C.I., but I do wish they were a couple bucks cheaper per stick. At a better price point, I'd smoke this several times a week for the rest of my life..."
Diamond Crown Julius Caeser,5 out of 5,One of my favorites!,Nice medium-full body sweat and creamy with a touch of pepper. Definitely gets better with a little age under its band.
Diamond Crown Julius Caeser,4 out of 5,Very good smoke,Very good smoke
Diamond Crown Julius Caeser,5 out of 5,Diamond Crown Julius Caeser Fabulous,"I would be smoking Diamond Crown Julius Caeser in lieu of any other cigar if my budget could agree. As it is I hold these for special occasions. These are consistent in burn, taste and draw. It provides a smooth, pleasing complex smoke complimented by it medium strength. I enjoy its Habano wrapper that provides great taste and no bite. It is my number 1 choice."
Diamond Crown Julius Caeser,5 out of 5,Definitely a 5 star smoke,"These are amazing smokes. I've smoked the toro many times. My wife purchased church hill for my bday from CI. They were just as good. You will smoke these down to the nub every time. Very consistent, very good amazing flavor, burn, and draw.
Definitely a 5 star smoke"
Diamond Crown Julius Caeser,5 out of 5,D. J.,I love the Diamond Crown Julious Caesar. The smoke always seems very even and the flavors ate perfect every time.
Diamond Crown Julius Caeser,5 out of 5,Awesome smoke!,Awesome smoke!
Diamond Crown Julius Caeser,5 out of 5,Julius Caesar Pyramid.,Love this cigar. Hail Caesar!
Diamond Crown Julius Caeser,5 out of 5,Very good cigar. Outstanding!,Very good cigar. Outstanding!
Diamond Crown Julius Caeser,3 out of 5,Meh,"Nice gentle taste of cedar, fruit, and oakwood. Good smoke output. Good construction for the pyramid. Unfortunately, this cigar is overrated for me personally. Never gets out of a mild-medium body. Very pricey for what you get."
Diamond Crown Julius Caeser,5 out of 5,Caeser wears the Crown well.,"You can always expect high quality artisan craftsmanship from Fuente and Diamond Crowns Julius Caeser is no exception. Beautifully constructed and brimming with flavor throughout, the Caeser is an exquisite smoke that warrants it's price. Perfect in any climate, with a cocktail or a stand alone stick. If you've been curious but hesitant rest assured you will not be disappointed."
Diamond Crown Julius Caeser,4 out of 5,Smooth but far from bland,"Surprisingly smooth for a moderately full flavored cigar. Very even burn. No funky aftertaste at all, just a nice spicey earthy easy smoke. One of my favorite evening cigars."
Diamond Crown Maximus,5 out of 5,Hellofa Cigar!,"Great flavor, strength, and draw. Can't go wrong if you like robust!"
Diamond Crown Maximus,5 out of 5,Impressive,Impressive
Diamond Crown Maximus,5 out of 5,Hearty and balanced smoke,Hearty and balanced smoke
Diamond Crown Maximus,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke. I don’t find it hot spicy at all. More allspice y like and coco. Great burn too.
Diamond Crown Maximus,5 out of 5,Great collection at a reasonable,Great collection at a reasonable price
Diamond Crown Maximus,5 out of 5,One of my all time,One of my all time favorites!!
Diamond Crown Maximus,5 out of 5,Wonderful cigar,"Well made, tasty and consistently good. These are really great cigars."
Diamond Crown Maximus,5 out of 5,Diamond Crown Maximus,Great...!
Diamond Crown Maximus,2 out of 5,did not like hard draw,did not like hard draw taste bad wont buy again!!!
Diamond Crown Maximus,2 out of 5,Not for me.,Do not like the flavor.
Diamond Crown Maximus,5 out of 5,Can't go wrong,Really good smoke at a terrific price
Diamond Crown Maximus,5 out of 5,Maximus,A very nice cigar that has good flavor and is smooth
Diamond Crown Maximus,5 out of 5,FAIR,Too strong for my taste and poor draw
Diamond Crown Maximus,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"Smooth, and flavorful."
Diamond Crown Maximus,5 out of 5,What a deal!!!,So many great cigars for a great discount! Extreamly happy with this deal
Diamond Crown Maximus,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Burns nice and even great taste will buy more
Diamond Crown Maximus,5 out of 5,Good Cigar,"A good flavor, burn and well built cigar."
Diamond Crown Maximus,5 out of 5,Diamond Crown,Very well satisfied
Diamond Crown Maximus,5 out of 5,Exceptional but pricey smoke,"The Maximus is quite a fine smoke in the Diamond Crown Line, which tearrly are a bargain. I guess you get what you pay for unlesss, like me, you score them as part of a weekend special sampler. Wish I had doubled or tripled my order. Oh well — nothing is more expensive than regret."
Diamond Crown Maximus,4 out of 5,Good cigar for the price,It was a good cigar for the price
Diamond Crown Maximus,5 out of 5,Wow great cigar!,I had not had any Diamond Crown Cigars in about 6 months and all I can say is what a delight. Quality burn and flavors from start to finish.
Diamond Crown Maximus,5 out of 5,Diamond Crown Maximus #4 Toro Purchase,"I actually purchased 2 orders (40) sticks! All cigars were fresh and delicious. Great value. I've had great success with purchasing from CI and know from past experience that the Customer Service Department will provide the service you deserve!
Lester R. LaGatta Chesterland, Ohio"
Diamond Crown Maximus,4 out of 5,Diamond crown maximus,Great cigar with an even burn.
Diamond Crown Maximus,3 out of 5,A little strong 💪 for,A little strong 💪 for my taste.
Diamond Crown Maximus,5 out of 5,Diamond Crown Maximus,Great Cigar!
Diamond Crown Maximus,5 out of 5,Great stick,I would recommend
Diamond Crown Maximus,4 out of 5,good smoke,Good burn and drawl. I prefer a bigger ring but couldn’t pass up this deal.
Diamond Crown Maximus,5 out of 5,Solidccigsr,"Excellent flavor, well-rolled and great for nine holes of golf"
Diamond Crown Maximus,5 out of 5,DOUBLE UPS!,DOUBLE ANYTHING IS GOOD. DOUBLE DIAMOND CROWN IS GREAT!
Diamond Crown Maximus,5 out of 5,"""The Find"" is the goal.","In wine tasting or cigars its the same; Its not about most famous or most expensive, rather purists seek the best of the unfound, before the market demand forces a higher price. Ive smoked Opus, La Boheme, Special Edition Cohibas, Davidoff, and others, there is hardly a comparison even with cigars 5 times the cost. This cigar, Diamond Crown Maximus has become my favorite from the first time I tried it. Truly an underrated cigar, perhaps just not well known as of yet. Let me say, I smoke these down to burring my fingers, where I can only hold it by my lips with the last puff of a savory smoke. Pair this equally with a rich coffee or a smokey scotch. Get yourself a box, I did and Ill have ordered another by the time you read my thoughts. I don't get perks for reviews people, I only want others to enjoy something and stop searching around for the perfect smoke, this one will fit the bill and the budget. Its an anytime smoke, not to heavy or strong…listed as full flavor I have also smoked the Julius Caesar and find this an easier smoke only more complexity and richer flavor."
Diamond Crown Maximus,5 out of 5,Fantastic service and smoke,Once again CI comes through with a quality cigar and very fast shipping. My cigars were fresh and the Diamond Crown is a very nice tasting cigar with a quality burn. Always like purchasing my cigars from CI.
Diamond Crown Maximus,5 out of 5,Worth the money,"These are my #2 cigar and my brother's #1, so we split a box. Very smooth,earthy,smoke. Smokes better than alot of 'lighter' cigars. Quite a savings over buying individual sticks at the local cigar shop. Very good smoke at a savings vs buying local."
Diamond Crown Maximus,2 out of 5,Diamond Crown Maximus #2 Churchill,"One o my favorite ""spend a little more"" smokes. Disappointed that they were a bit dried out and cracking."
Diamond Crown Maximus,5 out of 5,His pick,A livelong friend of mine always went to the bargain basket every time we visited the cigar bar to find the most inexpensive cigar there. l bought him a Maximus. Told him if he could not tell any difference between this cigar and the junk he had been smoking that I would leave him along and not harp about him buying junk cigars. This happen around five years ago. This is the only cigar he buys now.
Diamond Crown Maximus,5 out of 5,Gift,It was a gift and he seemed very pleased.
Diamond Crown Maximus,5 out of 5,Diamond Crown Maximus #4 Toro.,"Absolutely Beautiful, Always a Pleasure and a Favorite for the Ages"
Dias de Gloria by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Super Smooth,A CIGAR MANY WOULD ENJOY
Dias de Gloria by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Currently 3/‘20 At the TOP of the heap of Excellence! 😎,"One can read ALL the “Tasting (flavors) Notes” they wish... Simply the SMOOTHEST puro [Estelli Nicaragua!] or ANYwhere Smooth on the retrohale. EZ on the draw, construction, & Eyes. Gordo, BP, Toro - ALL Excellent.
Decent $$ price @ my B&M in Mich. Worth every penny. 😋"
Diesel,5 out of 5,Excellent,Perfect every time
Diesel,5 out of 5,Strong and Flavorfull,My go to everyday cigar.
Diesel,5 out of 5,Awesome,Very much enjoyed this.
Diesel,5 out of 5,The Diesel is a strong,The Diesel is a strong well balanced earthy smoke. At $4 to $5 per stick it’s a good option If your looking for a bold cigar.
Diesel,5 out of 5,House cigar,Best cigar ever
Diesel,4 out of 5,shorty,"great smoke, last longer than expected as well as nice flavor"
Diesel,5 out of 5,Punch,"great flavor, nice draw"
Diesel,4 out of 5,Flavor Bomb,Lots of smoke and full peppery enjoyment. Will buy again.
Diesel,5 out of 5,good,best price
Diesel,5 out of 5,Love the shorties. Nice flavor,Love the shorties. Nice flavor
Diesel,5 out of 5,Diesel cigars are my favorite,"Diesel cigars are my favorite cigar. The unholy cocktail and the shorty being my favorite. Try one, you will never be disappointed!"
Diesel,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Nice and smooth cigar. Great for relaxing with a drink.
Diesel,4 out of 5,Enjoy the quick smoke,Enjoy the quick smoke
Diesel,5 out of 5,Great Manduro fir a short smoke,"This cigar is top shelf in its build, tabacco, burn, and flavor. I use this one for the times I don't have time for a ling smoke."
Diesel,3 out of 5,Good smoke a little too,Good smoke a little too earthy for me
Diesel,5 out of 5,Enjoyed both cigars very much!!,Enjoyed both cigars very much!! Thank you for offering a good price.
Diesel,5 out of 5,Diesel Shorty,Excellent cigars! Burns even and smooth.
Diesel,4 out of 5,Great stick,Great stick
Diesel,5 out of 5,Simply the Best,"By far, this is one of the best cigars I have ever smoked. It is my Saturday and Sunday morning cigar with my coffee. It is bold, but so flavorful. Nice and spicy, but smooth like a dark beer or dark coffee. I plan to buy so many more in the future."
Diesel,5 out of 5,Snappy well-built cigar. Makes everything,"Snappy well-built cigar. Makes everything feel good- smoke, ash, taste, burn, and draw."
Diesel,5 out of 5,Good quality,Good quality
Diesel,4 out of 5,Great smoke,This is a very good cigar with great smoke and an easy draw. Had one unravel on me which is unusual as most are made very well.
Diesel,4 out of 5,Shortys,Great smoky great price great blend all you can Ask for
Diesel,4 out of 5,Great burn,More robust than I normally like but a very good flavor
Diesel,5 out of 5,My everyday cigar!,"Good size, taste, burn, price!"
Diesel,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"This was my 1st time trying these. I’m not disappointed. Good, smooth smoke from start to finish. Good flavor and it will last a while."
Diesel,5 out of 5,Shorty’s,Excellent cigar for those how enjoy a nice heavy cigar
Diesel,5 out of 5,A fantastic cigar,"At first I was concerned they would be too strong, but was wrong in my concern. Once again I find that Diesel can take a strong flavorfull cigar and bring out flavor without a harsh bitterness that many seem to have. Fantastic!"
Diesel,5 out of 5,Very nice!,Very nice!
Diesel,5 out of 5,AWESOME!,Great smokes and held together nicely. I've had some Diesels lately that did not seem to be worth the price. these were great!
Diesel,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Awesome smoke with great draw every time.
Diesel,5 out of 5,Craig C.,Fantastic taste
Diesel,4 out of 5,The shorty,Good smoke burns fast so enjoy it
Diesel,5 out of 5,I love it. I'll be,I love it. I'll be back
Diesel,4 out of 5,diesal shorty ltd.,the draw was very good. the cigar burned evenly(no canoeing). a good cigar.
Diesel,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,The shorty is my favorite cigar.
Diesel,4 out of 5,Diesel,Smooth full flavored cigar I liked it
Diesel,5 out of 5,Good full flavor,It’s diesel. They don’t make a bad cigar.
Diesel,4 out of 5,Shorty,Very tasty and almost all of them have a good draw
Diesel,5 out of 5,Best cigar AJ makes,"From the very first Diesel Shorty I smoked 10 years ago to today. NEVER a disappointment.
Dave H."
Diesel,4 out of 5,Diesel,"Tasty cigar. A little stuff to draw, but good. I'm a big fan of Diesels!"
Diesel,5 out of 5,Nice stick,Great draw and bold flavor
Diesel,5 out of 5,flathead,Great burning and tasting smoke
Diesel,5 out of 5,Amazing,Amazing
Diesel,5 out of 5,Nice,Knowing now what I should have known then. A steal of a deal. Would have taken out a small loan. That good.
Diesel,5 out of 5,AWESOME SMOKE,AWESOME SMOKE
Diesel,5 out of 5,All time best cigar can't,All time best cigar can't go wrong with this one 5☆
Diesel,5 out of 5,This one Rocks!,Gave it to some friends after I had some samples and everyone is absolutely amazed with the great taste and quality this cigar provided!
Diesel,5 out of 5,One of the best cigars,One of the best cigars out there .
Diesel,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,Great smoke!
Diesel d.10th,5 out of 5,Great! Love them!,Great! Love them!
Diesel d.10th,5 out of 5,Big gauge shorty.,Tops in my book
Diesel d.10th,3 out of 5,Not bad,Not bad
Diesel d.10th,5 out of 5,Good bold flavors,Good bold flavors
Diesel d.10th,3 out of 5,So So,Did not excite my palate. Good draw though.
Diesel d.10th,4 out of 5,Better than I thought,Better than I thought
Diesel d.10th,5 out of 5,"excellent cigar ,will continue to","excellent cigar ,will continue to order them"
Diesel d.10th,5 out of 5,This one is out of,This one is out of the ballpark ladies and gentlemen
Diesel d.10th,5 out of 5,Nice,Nice
Diesel d.10th,5 out of 5,Love it,Great smoke
Diesel d.10th,4 out of 5,decent cigar,decent cigar
Diesel d.10th,5 out of 5,Diesel 10th anniversary,"Great smoke. Full bodied, well made"
Diesel d.10th,5 out of 5,A powerfully flavored cigar!,A powerfully flavored cigar!
Diesel d.10th,4 out of 5,nice production,nice production
Diesel d.10th,4 out of 5,Decent Smoke,"Decent Smoke. I got a 5 pack of these in a sampler, and they're pretty good. Not the best, but not bad."
Diesel d.10th,5 out of 5,Trashman Diesel Smoke,"This is the best smoke out of my last order, I will buy more"
Diesel d.10th,4 out of 5,Excellent cigar. Wee bit harsh,"Excellent cigar.
Wee bit harsh but good."
Diesel d.10th,5 out of 5,Great tasting,Great tasting
Diesel d.10th,5 out of 5,Happy 10th...,"What a cigar! This is the 10th year of this smoke with an Ecuadorian Oscuro Habano wrapper. The cigar itself is made from intense Nicaraguan tobacco. This is A.J.'s style of making cigars! The man is a cigar-making powerhouse... The wrapper is almost black from the extra fermenting time. Deep, dark, sweet with a chocolate taste an, a rich fig like taste. Burns slowly, but stays lit for quite a while... If you want a powerhouse of a smoke, give this one a try after dinner for dessert, and relax, and most of all enjoy!"
Diesel d.10th,4 out of 5,Diesel 10th Anniversary d.654T,Excellent choice for Maduro lovers.
Diesel d.10th,4 out of 5,Awesome cigars,"Great tasting cigars some smooth and others delicious blends of medium to full body.
Over all Awesome Diesel Samplers"
Diesel d.10th,5 out of 5,Delish!,"Great smoke, great flavor and lasts. Will be buying again."
Diesel d.10th,5 out of 5,Great cigar will buy again,Great cigar will buy again
Diesel d.10th,5 out of 5,Good one.,Good one.
Diesel d.10th,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"Great, heavy body and willing to burn my fingertips over this baby!"
Diesel d.10th,4 out of 5,"Very, very nice",Great smoke! I may need this one to rest a little longer for it to be an excellent smoke. Other than that no complaints about this one.
Diesel d.10th,5 out of 5,Power punch,"I appreciate a full flavor cigar. I have been on a quest to find cigars that make my short list of quality sticks I don't hesitate to smoke. I have tried other Diesel cigars but the 10th Anniversary cigar has made my list. Strong aromatic flavor, consistent slow burn and a smooth draw. I highly recommend this cigar."
Diesel d.10th,5 out of 5,good stogie,The ones I smoke were pretty fresh but they did have a good chocolate core and nice construction
Diesel d.10th,4 out of 5,Review,Nice cigar
Diesel d.10th,5 out of 5,10th Anniversary,If you like diesel. You'll love these.
Diesel d.10th,5 out of 5,I would order them again,"I ordered the Diesels for my husband as a gift. He loves them. He wasn't sure how he would like the hand rolled over the machine rolled, but he doesn't think he will ever go back! I even like the smell and that is a plus."
Diesel d.10th,5 out of 5,What a celebration,Diesel does it again. Buy these and enjoy a superb smoke.
Diesel d.10th,5 out of 5,Good smoke!!,"Really liked it. Thanks for the great cigar. Nicely wrapped, draws really well, great finish... You're going to like this smoke,!!!"
Diesel d.10th,4 out of 5,Good stick,Good stick
Diesel d.10th,4 out of 5,DIESEL,A Nice smoke!
Diesel d.10th,5 out of 5,Another fine Smoke from Diesel.,Another fine Smoke from Diesel.
Diesel d.10th,5 out of 5,Diesel 10 Aniversary,"These are awesome! Excellent construction, great flavors and aromas. Will be getting more."
Diesel d.10th,5 out of 5,Very smooth and rich in taste.,"Excellent, superlative best descibe this smooth cigar."
Diesel d.10th,5 out of 5,Fantastic as always.,Fantastic as always.
Diesel d.10th,3 out of 5,Average cigar,Just ok
Diesel d.10th,5 out of 5,DEISEL 10th,Love almost all of the diesel line but the 10th anniversary is my new abxsolute favorite. Rich and Delicious!!!
Diesel d.10th,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke. One ofm the,Excellent smoke. One ofm the best I had lately.
Diesel d.10th,5 out of 5,Diesel 10th Anniversary,"Full bodied with a ton of flavor!! Diesel 10th could literally be Diesel Wicked's little brother. Like the Wicked, Diesel 10th is a cut above the rest of the Diesel line."
Diesel d.10th,5 out of 5,Diesel 10 Anniversary,These are one of the best Diesel I have had. It is a full flavor and I would highly recommend it to any Diesel fan.
Diesel d.10th,5 out of 5,As expected AJ Fernandez didn’t,As expected AJ Fernandez didn’t disappoint. Maybe the strongest of his diesel line. Maintained its boldness from start to finish
Diesel d.10th,5 out of 5,Cant wait for the 20th!,Another quality cigar! End to end.
Diesel d.10th,4 out of 5,Smooth diesel,"Nice flavor, good ash."
Diesel d.10th,5 out of 5,Diesel 10,Great smoke good flavor from beginning to end.
Diesel d.10th,5 out of 5,"Great!,",Love this smoke. Draw and taste exquisite
Diesel d.10th,3 out of 5,Dissent stick.,I should’ve gotten that just a little bit longer but that’s my fault. It’s a decent smokes deliver me satisfied. Awesome for the price.
Diesel Delirium L.E.,5 out of 5,Great smoke with lots of flavor,"Holly Cow, this is a great smoke all the way through from the first draw until the last. Has a nutty oak flavor with hints of leather. Will buy again."
Diesel Hair of the Dog L.E.,5 out of 5,excellent cigar,"Beautiful construction, easy draw, and flavorful"
Diesel Hair of the Dog L.E.,5 out of 5,Great summer pair,"Wonderful stick, to bad it’s a limited edition. Pepper leather and some subtle citrus. Goes great with reeds extra ginger beer."
Diesel Hair of the Dog L.E.,5 out of 5,All flavor with no bite,"This stick is a welcomed change in pace for Diesel, which is known for strong and brash cigars. The flavor profile is full and smooth with a core of aged musty tobacco. The experience is luxurious and satisfying."
Diesel Heart of Darkness,5 out of 5,Best maduro,"lots of flavor,well balanced smoke with no bite .."
Diesel Heart of Darkness,5 out of 5,Amazing Cigar,This is one of AJ's great cigars once again.
Diesel Heart of Darkness,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,"I had purchased a five pack of these some time ago. I tried my second today. They have been resting in the humidor for quite a while. The second was by far better than the first. This was my first Diesel experience, and now I know why the Diesel fans are so crazy for them. Excellent cigar, strong, peppery at mid way point on, and burn was great. I just got a five pack of Wicked today, and will try one of those tomorrow. Looking forward to that...(if I can wait). If you like full cigars, you need to try Diesel if you haven’t yet..."
Diesel Heart of Darkness,5 out of 5,Awesome,It's a great smoke with a smooth draw on it.
Diesel Heart of Darkness,5 out of 5,great,grear
Diesel Heart of Darkness,5 out of 5,Fantastic cigar,My number one at this time.
Diesel Heart of Darkness,5 out of 5,Another great offering!,Love the Diesel line; this is another good cigar I'm adding to my regular monthly purchase.
Diesel Heart of Darkness,5 out of 5,My Favorite Diesel,"The Heart of Darkness is without a doubt my favorite Diesel cigar. I enjoy all the Diesel lines for what they are great quality, full body cigars that perform well every time. Compared to the other Diesels The Heart of Darkness is more complex. It would be a shame if The Heart of Darkness remains a limited production and doesn’t become a regular production cigar."
Diesel Heart of Darkness,5 out of 5,Fabulous smoke,Heart of Darkness Gordo is a great smoke. Full bodied and great draw. Love the smoke from beginning to end
Diesel Heart of Darkness,5 out of 5,Diesel,What a great stick. Great flavor throughout!
Diesel Heart of Darkness,5 out of 5,Dark and Dreamy,"Love this cigar. Always trying to find the best deal on them as they are not cheap. Even so, they are worth the asking price. This may seem odd, but during this holiday season, pair a Heart of Darkness with some egg nog and enjoy."
Diesel Heart of Darkness,5 out of 5,excellent,excellent
Diesel Heart of Darkness,5 out of 5,Diesel Heart of Darkness Gordo,I love this cigar it's one of my favorites!!! It's got a nice full body flavor and it burns real well. It's definitely one of my go to smokes
Diesel Heart of Darkness,5 out of 5,Do NOT pass this one up!!!,"I am grateful I took advantage of CI's offering of these beauties. They are a powerful and flavorful treat. A bold stick with complex, and well balanced, flavors of earthy leather and a hint of herbs. I found a hint of deep wintergreen. A Diesel experience that a cigar aficionado should not pass up!!!"
Diesel Heart of Darkness,5 out of 5,Diesel-Doesn't get any better than this.,I enjoy Diesel more than all the brands I've ordered from C I. This is followed by NUB brand. I would love to have a special on one or both of these as I have a coupon from C I that is about to expire.
Diesel Heart of Darkness,5 out of 5,Dark & Deep!,GR8 robust cigar! It's a long smoke too!!
Diesel Heart of Darkness,4 out of 5,Impressive!,"Love Diesel. Love AJ Fernandez blends. This was a big cigar: big size; big flavor. Although it wasn’t my favorite AJ flavor profile, this earthy treat was still very enjoyable and the burn was excellent even with the larger ring gauge. There is a pleasant amount of pepper and spice—nothing overwhelming."
Diesel Heart of Darkness,5 out of 5,Diesel HOD,"Great smoke, one of the best Diesel's which are now the only brand I buy. Consistently well made product."
Diesel Heart of Darkness,5 out of 5,HOD Greatness,Great full bodied cigars with enough complexity to stay interesting all the way down to where it burns your fingers. NOT FOR THE FAINT OF HEART.
Diesel Heart of Darkness,5 out of 5,Good,Good
Diesel Heart of Darkness,4 out of 5,Nice smoke,Pleasantly enjoyed this smoke - from the beginning to the end this cigar gave me joy
Diesel Heart of Darkness,5 out of 5,Very nice cigar,I have been wanting to purchase this cigar for some time now. It was worth the wait.
Diesel Heart of Darkness,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar. Nice burn. Nice,Excellent cigar. Nice burn. Nice flavor. Bought these for a tail gate party. Everyone enjoyed.
Diesel Heart of Darkness,4 out of 5,diesel,It my 2nd favorite diesel Cigar my #1 favorite is the wicked I cant wait to try diesel whiskey that looks good too. I never had a problem with a diesel cigar they burn well the breath well also and they have a great flavor
Diesel Heart of Darkness,5 out of 5,Very nice and smooth cigar.,Very nice and smooth cigar. I definitely recommend it .
Diesel Heart of Darkness,5 out of 5,Diesel,I found them to be both satisfying slow burning.Good cigars.
Diesel Heart of Darkness,5 out of 5,Great smoke,My new everyday cigar!!! Medium to full body smoke yet smooth with great flavor
Diesel Heart of Darkness,5 out of 5,No disappointment here!,"These are great smokes from the start to finish, even burn, tasty with a scotch!! Will buy again"
Diesel Heart of Darkness,5 out of 5,diesel darkness,wow a great smoke.can i get another deal.
Diesel Heart of Darkness,5 out of 5,Diesel Heart of Darkness,"This cigar ticks all the boxes. Full flavored, full bodied, even burn, holds its ash, excellent construction so it always has a good draw."
Diesel Heart of Darkness,5 out of 5,Darkness,These are my absolute favorites.
Diesel Heart of Darkness,4 out of 5,Deep and delicious,"Aside from some rolling inconsistency (some are rolled WAY too tight), a very satisfying, long, deep smoke. One of Diesel's best blends that is not for the timid."
Diesel Heart of Darkness,3 out of 5,Diesel,To rough
Diesel Heart of Darkness,5 out of 5,DIESEL'S VERY BEST,"Outstanding blend from AJ Fernandez, the Diesel Heart of Darkness is everything you could want in a full-bodied cigar and more. From the beautiful box, to the rich and complex flavors, this cigar is a must for lovers of strong coffee and dark chocolate. A huge Diesel fan already, I do believe I have found my very favorite of Diesel's impressive catalogue of blends."
Diesel Heart of Darkness,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Diesel Heart of Darkness,3 out of 5,Average,Wasn't as smooth as I was hoping. Had kind of a cigarette feel with a burn on the draw. Will smoke another maybe was just a bad cigar.
Diesel Heart of Darkness,4 out of 5,Good cigar,"Overall good, only had one so far, would have been a five if not for uneven burn. Great leather, wood, pepper but balanced. Will have to see if others burn better."
Diesel Heart of Darkness,5 out of 5,Great smoke ...,This cigar is a go to for me. I will continue purchasing it in the future.
Diesel Heart of Darkness,5 out of 5,Awesome!,Awesome!
Diesel Heart of Darkness,5 out of 5,Prince of Darkness,"A bold, dark smoke full of flavor and boasting a steady flavor throughout the slow burn!"
Diesel Heart of Darkness,5 out of 5,Sinfully Dark,Another great smile from Diesel. The full body hits the pallet just right. Pair it off with a good bourbon and I am in heaven. I need more before they are gone.
Diesel Heart of Darkness,4 out of 5,Not as good as I'd hoped,"They're good! Let's face it they're diesel's. I typically smoke unholy cocktails, when I tried the wicked's they blew the unholy cocktails out of the water. I was expecting the same surprise of these, they fell short. They were on the same level of the unholy cocktails which made them good, they just didn't meet the price and expectations that price brought."
Diesel Heart of Darkness,4 out of 5,Great stick!!,"Awesome!! Just finished this Gem, Nice hints of expresso with a touch pepper. Can't go wrong with these. Will definitely keep in my rotation."
Diesel Heart of Darkness,5 out of 5,Heart of Darkness,"I am a huge fan of AJ and once again he didn't disappoint. The cigar is perfect from start to finish. Great roll, construction and full, just the way I enjoy my cigars. Thanks!"
Diesel Heart of Darkness,5 out of 5,Very good Cigars!!,My husband was very pleased with the cigars I had purchased for him. He said they were very good and it would be something he would get again.
Diesel Heart of Darkness,4 out of 5,Great cigar with a good,Great cigar with a good draw. Tastes a bit awful at the end.
Diesel Heart of Darkness,4 out of 5,"Nice punch, bold enough to bite Mike Tyson Back.","The start was peppery, smooth with full many complex flavors. Most I could not identify. The middle was very smooth and gave a toast flavor. Last part was like strong Italian espresso which became slightly bitter."
Diesel Heart of Darkness,2 out of 5,Big dissapointment.,"I am a big fan of the Diesel brand name, but this cigar was not even close to the same caliber as I would have expected. It burned ok, but really tasted like a $1.00 cigar. This cigar is not worth buying at all."
Diesel Heart of Darkness,5 out of 5,New Favorite,"I have a few favorite cigars I save for special occasions. This is now one of them. I like the flavor, the way it smokes and the way it looks. If you have occasion to take the time to relax and really enjoy a great cigar. This is a very good choice."
Diesel Heart of Darkness,5 out of 5,Nice,Very good cigar.
Diesel Rage,4 out of 5,Great short smoke,I love diesels they always deliver a rich flavorful smoke. I give this cigar a 4 star rating because my absolute favorite is the diesel whiskey row and that is a 5
Diesel Rage,4 out of 5,Great Smoke,"Overall great smoke two or three on the sticks came unraveled towards the middle, but nothing that I wasn’t able to finish. All in all a great smoke."
Diesel Rage,5 out of 5,Great Pick Up!,Awesome flavor. True to its profile. Medium to full body and a really great smoke!
Diesel Rage,5 out of 5,Great cigar,My new favorite.
Diesel Rage,4 out of 5,Decent Cigar,"Very Smokeable Cigar, burns evenly, Mild to medium strength."
Diesel Rage,4 out of 5,Very smooth and fantastic flavor,Very smooth and fantastic flavor
Diesel Rage,4 out of 5,Always in my humidor,Always in my humidor
Diesel Rage,5 out of 5,Great,Love these box pressed beauties. Great amount of smoke and taste.
Diesel Rage,4 out of 5,Diesel Cigars,Very nice cigars will get them again
Diesel Rage,5 out of 5,Always a great smoke,Always a great smoke
Diesel Rage,5 out of 5,Diesel toro,A great full body and flavor cigar
Diesel Rage,5 out of 5,Great,"Really impressed with this guy. If you like bold cigars, you will enjoy the Rage."
Diesel Rage,5 out of 5,Favorite Cigar,"This cigar is great from first draw to last draw. Full of flavors, burns perfectly and not too strong. This is now my favorite cigar."
Diesel Rage,3 out of 5,It’s size and taste is,It’s size and taste is right for the price.
Diesel Rage,3 out of 5,Weakly wrapped. Not dense enough.,Weakly wrapped. Not dense enough.
Diesel Rage,5 out of 5,10/10 Recommend for a fast smoke!,"Really good cigar with a nice flavor profile, and good for a fast smoke they would last me approx 45 mins. Nice and small, but not giving any flavor up. They really did burn and smoke nicely!"
Diesel Rage,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Diesel Rage,5 out of 5,Diesel,Good even smoke
Diesel Rage,5 out of 5,Another AJ winner!,Just a fantastic cigar all around. Everything from appearance to the construction to the bold and complex flavors. Currently pairing with red wine and really loving the combination. What stands out the most to me is the silky smooth wrapper on this. Definitely a stand out cigar. But I haven't found and AJ stick I haven't enjoyed!
Diesel Rage,4 out of 5,Great cigar!,"Great AJ Fernandez cigar! Love the wrapper! Even burn, lots of smoke with an easy draw. Full flavor but not too strong. Diesel Wicked is my favorite, but this one is very nice!"
Diesel Rage,5 out of 5,All The Rage,"Box press beauty has a good, smooth burn and as the smoke wears on, doesn’t get stronger like most Diesels. Great price when on sale."
Diesel Rage,5 out of 5,Loved em,Loved em
Diesel Rage,5 out of 5,Diesel Rage Toro,My favorite is nub habano 5by 60. Diesel rage is my number 2.I love the black Diesel cap.
Diesel Rage,4 out of 5,Smooth,"The adjectives smooth and creamy get tossed around a lot in cigar reviews a lot, but that's the best way to describe the consistency of this smoke. The taste is a mellow sweetness, like a smooth brandy. Use your cutting at the shoulder for a cool draw. I nipped one too tight and it burned my tongue with a stream of hot smoke."
Diesel Rage,5 out of 5,A big boy smoke,Not A cigar for the faint of heart. Real flavor and spice. Off the hook great!
Diesel Rage,5 out of 5,Worth the money!,Fantastic full flavored smokes that burn even and are well constructed! Highly recommend!
Diesel Rage,5 out of 5,A OK,Great deal for the price!
Diesel Rage,5 out of 5,Simple but satisfying,The draw is nice with a smooth finish. Strong flavors of mild vanilla and deep earthy tones. Lasts 45-50 minutes and burns even. A great smoke to be accompanied by a simple scotch or even a margarita.
Diesel Rage,5 out of 5,Diesel Rage Toro,Great smoke. Smooth even burning cigar.
Diesel Rage,5 out of 5,Super rage,This cigar has it all. Not sure of what to say other than it’s glorious. Try them or don’t and leave them for me.
Diesel Rage,5 out of 5,Very nice,Very nice
Diesel Rage,5 out of 5,Smooth smoke,Awesome. Would also like to see you sell the Grind
Diesel Rage,5 out of 5,You guys have the best,You guys have the best selection of cigars in the U.S.
Diesel Rage,4 out of 5,Good all around smoke. Diesel,Good all around smoke. Diesel makes a good cigar well built rolled tight. Makes a slow and nice burn. Nice taste to it
Diesel Rage,5 out of 5,Great long smoke!! I prefer,Great long smoke!! I prefer the box pressed cigar. It can't roll away in stormy waters.
Diesel Rage,5 out of 5,All the way down,"Nice smoke, burns evenly, tasty all the way down."
Diesel Rage,5 out of 5,All the Rage,"Top notch smoke can’t go wrong with this one.
My daily go too!"
Diesel Rage,4 out of 5,"Good smoke, consistent burn, good","Good smoke, consistent burn, good flavor"
Diesel Rage,5 out of 5,A Consistent Favorite,"One of Diesels best blends. Rich, full, well-rolled with an easy draw."
Diesel Rage,5 out of 5,Diesel,Awesome smoke. Always smooth and easy draw.. earthy and taste good!
Diesel Rage,5 out of 5,"Love these, one of my","Love these, one of my favorites"
Diesel Rage,5 out of 5,Diesel Rage.,"The diesel rage toro has become one of my go to cigars. I enjoy the rich full bodied flavor and excellent, consistent burn quality . I enjoy smoking a full bodied, flavorful cigar that is not so strong as to leave you light headed. The diesel rage is that cigar."
Diesel Rage,5 out of 5,Best Diesel Gigars,"By far these are my favorite Diesels. Great smoke, excellent burn, Awsome flavor. Must try!!"
Diesel Rage,5 out of 5,AJ,Another great Cigar from AJ the only cigar's I buy anymore
Diesel Rage,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent smoke for the $
Diesel Rage,5 out of 5,Life Changing,"As soon as I put this stick to my lips and lit it, my hair grew back and my wife grilled me a steak. That's how good these are."
Diesel Rage,5 out of 5,the Rage is a great cigar,"great value full flavor,Burns very nice, great value"
Diesel Rage,5 out of 5,D-Boy,Excellent cigar
Diesel Rage,5 out of 5,Great flavor,Great flavor
Diesel Rage,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Rage is my go to cigar love diesel cigars‼️
Diesel Uncut,5 out of 5,Great smoke for the $$,Great smoke for the $$
Diesel Uncut,3 out of 5,Ok,I need a few more to really grasp the taste
Diesel Uncut,5 out of 5,Love it!,I have been a big fan of the Unholy Cocktail and this one is just as good! If you like a good full flavored cigar this will not disappoint.
Diesel Uncut,3 out of 5,Fair,Fair value for the price.
Diesel Uncut,4 out of 5,Not a bad choice!,"Overall good smoke. Smooth draw to the finish. I recommend a punch instead of cut.
Only downside to this cigar that I've recently had, is the condition of the wrapper. Multiple in my last 10-pack were cracked or split upon opening, with no damage to packaging. So I figure it's a matter of how well it was kept prior to packaging. And as others have written, toward the label the wrapper tends to peel.
Still a tasty stick though!"
Diesel Uncut,5 out of 5,Hard to beat these,I absolutely love these. Great flavor. Burn evenly. Not ashy. I will order these again.
Diesel Uncut,5 out of 5,Surprisingly flavorful,"Nice peppery spice and leather plus I got way more cocoa than I was expecting. Great construction, good burn time, good amount of vitamin N."
Diesel Uncut,5 out of 5,Best every day smoke,A must try.....
Diesel Uncut,4 out of 5,Good taste,Nice medium smoke from beginning to end. Great every day smoke.
Diesel Uncut,5 out of 5,👍,👍
Diesel Uncut,3 out of 5,A good cigar with issues,"This is a good tasting cigar. Seems to be a little loosely rolled but has decent burn until you get to the label. Once the label is removed, the wrapper falls apart. I like to smoke a cigar to the end so this is my reason for 3 stars."
Diesel Uncut,3 out of 5,"Good smoke, but wrapper comes","Good smoke, but wrapper comes apart."
Diesel Uncut,5 out of 5,"excellent construction, draw and flavor","excellent construction, draw and flavor throughout"
Diesel Uncut,5 out of 5,Diesel Uncut Toro,"WOW! What a gem. Ive bought hundreds of cigars trying to find something I can smoke other than Oliva V that gives me the same. This product is without a doubt the best Ive found when comparing to my daily Oliva V and cheaper, much cheaper!!"
Diesel Uncut,3 out of 5,Diesel uncut Toro,"Everything Ive had from these guys has been pretty good. You really need to lay them down in the humi for a few months to take the edge off. They are strong, strong, strong!"
Diesel Uncut,3 out of 5,Well made. Clean smoke right,Well made. Clean smoke right down to the end.
Diesel Uncut,5 out of 5,Punch gran puro step in,"Awesome, probably my favorite diesel and it's the cheapest! You really hone in on the earthy Nicaraguan fillers. Tastes like a punch gran puro for a fraction of the price."
Diesel Uncut,5 out of 5,Great smoke,My fovorite diesel
Diesel Uncut,5 out of 5,Great smoke,love them
Diesel Uncut,5 out of 5,Pepper laced milk chocolate,"Enjoy milk chocolate and that familiar AJ spice throughout, some leather and cedar come in after the first third but that peppery spice is there for the whole ride. Good burn even with the closed foot start. I have 2 of 10 left and didn’t have any construction issues at all."
Diesel Uncut,4 out of 5,Good Quality Cigar,Have had continued success with these tasty sticks. They burn a bit fast but worth the smoke.
Diesel Uncut,5 out of 5,Great cigars great value,My go to cigar for a everyday smoke
Diesel Uncut,5 out of 5,Great smoke for the $,"So this my best cigar for the money. Everyone I have shared one with enjoys it, and when I tell them the price per stick their jaw drops. You can't go wrong trying these and keeping them in your humidor"
Diesel Uncut,4 out of 5,Good cigar,I love the Diesel line. These were unfortunately a little dry and the wrapper is peeling while I smoke.
Diesel Uncut,4 out of 5,The Uncut (thank god we're talking about cigars),"The Uncut (thank god we're talking about cigars)
All I have to say about this one is that it reminds me of smoking a fresh, authentic Cuban cigar. The flavor is very medium + and sweet to the palette."
Diesel Uncut,5 out of 5,Great smoks,"Great cigars. I let them sit in my humidor for about a month before I lit the first one up but once I did I went through all 25 SO QUICKLY. They're great tasting smokes and as Diesels are known for, they pull spectacularly. Will absolutely buy the 25 cigar bundle again."
Diesel Uncut,4 out of 5,Tasty,"Uneven burn, but good smoke and pleasant taste. Might be too strong for some, but I enjoy a tasty cigar! I would recommend, if you enjoy stronger cigars."
Diesel Uncut,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"Starts off peppery, but settles in with rich, kinka sweet tobacco flavor. Definitely full bodied, but smooth and tasty."
Diesel Uncut,4 out of 5,Diesel uncuts,"Nice even burn, easy draw with plenty of smoke."
Diesel Uncut,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"Great everyday cigar. They burn and draw very evenly. Great taste, great experience! Another AJ win."
Diesel Uncut,4 out of 5,"Good cigar, but could be better......","I usually don't complain much about construction problems of cigars, but these could use some improvements. The wrappers on these are thin and unravel and the tight band sticks to the wrapper when removed and tears the wrappers even more. The taste and aroma of these in my opinion are very good, I was outdoors the other day working in my yard and the wrapper had fallen off of one of these and just the binder was left . To say the least, the cigar had very little taste and aroma with the wrapper gone. I will buy these again. I would have rated this cigar five stars if the construction problems were resolved."
Diesel Uncut,5 out of 5,Kentucky love!,Great cigar! One of my favorites. Smoky flavor great finish. Give him a try.
Diesel Uncut,4 out of 5,Diesel Uncut,"Flavor is wonderful but doesn't burn evenly, have to relight often to get an even burn!"
Diesel Uncut,5 out of 5,Diesel UnCut,"This was the first time I have had the Diesel UNCUT and I have to say I loved it. I have had Diesel cigars before and they were good but the UNCUT was really unexpected. Good flavor, lots of smoke and excellent burn. Getting them on a great deal makes them even better. I highly recommend the UNCUT."
Diesel Uncut,5 out of 5,Uncut,Full body smooth from light up the nub
Diesel Uncut,5 out of 5,An Ongoing Favorite,"Nice strong flavor, well constructed. Sorry, I don't taste toast or vanilla flowers - it's just a good cigar."
Diesel Uncut,5 out of 5,Under rated great smoke,"Diesel uncut cigars come in unassuming bundles but will smoke better than many cigars from boxes. They light evenly, burn consistently and taste amazing. Just on the side of medium these cigars are great for the aficionado that wants to broaden his or her horizons past mild mannered sticks. Diesel uncut deserves a spot in every humidor."
Diesel Uncut,5 out of 5,Flavorful!,Is there a 99 rating? This stick deserves it!
Diesel Uncut,5 out of 5,Good stoggie,Good stoggie
Diesel Uncut,5 out of 5,Diesel fans and AJ Fans unite!,"If you are a AJ Fernandez fan, you're in for a nice helping of peppery spice with a leathery cocoa undertone.
I've smoked 6 of 10 and they have been very consistent in burn, flavor, and strength."
Diesel Uncut,4 out of 5,Nice Stick,"Very well constructed, god cold draw, hints of hay. Lights up really nice and even, really good draw, medium strength, taste of little coffee and milk, ""latte"" . Burn and combustion, pretty good all the way thru... The last third a bit stringer... The aroma, not as good as the rest of the cigar. Nevertheless, recommended."
Diesel Uncut,5 out of 5,Terrific full body stogie,Terrific full body stogie
Diesel Uncut,4 out of 5,Very good,Very good
Diesel Uncut,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great overall smoke
Diesel Uncut,5 out of 5,Consistant,Never disappoints
Diesel Uncut,5 out of 5,Change Of Pace,"CI OUT MY REGULAR SMOKE
DARK SHARK
DIESAL UNCUT ON SPECIAL
SLOW SMOKE WITH EVEN BURN
GOOD CHANGE OF PACE CIGAR"
Diesel Uncut,5 out of 5,Good Smoke,"Smooth smoke, easy draw, Mild. Great cigar for the price!"
Diesel Uncut,5 out of 5,Diesel Uncut,Very good smoke
Diesel Uncut,4 out of 5,Good all around smoke but,Good all around smoke but not that strong
Diesel Uncut,4 out of 5,diesel uncut,very smooth
Diesel Uncut d.CT,4 out of 5,Great Cigar!,"Great cigar! The CT wrapper really tames the Nica filler well. The only beef I've had so far is they burn kinda fast, but I smoked 2 ROTT so that maybe the problem. Into the humi for at least a month!"
Diesel Uncut d.CT,4 out of 5,Holy Smokes,"This cigar will not disappoint you. Great draw, lots of smoke and satisfying. You'll know you've been smoking a real cigar when you finish it."
Diesel Uncut d.CT,5 out of 5,"Good burning , great smoke","Good burning , great smoke"
Diesel Uncut d.CT,5 out of 5,Perfect cigar at a great price.,Won these in the sister website. Perfect construction and razor sharp burn. Very earthy medium bodied cigar. I would definitely buy them again without a doubt. Ive not tried the uncut Maduro’s yet but they are on the list. Great cigar bottom line
Diesel Uncut d.CT,3 out of 5,A little uneven burn,I am fairly new to cigars but it seemed these didn’t burn as evenly as others I have smoked.
Diesel Uncut d.CT,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"This uncut Diesel is one fine cigar. My go to cigar for a round of golf, or doing yard work."
Diesel Uncut d.CT,5 out of 5,Smooth,"This cigar is a good solid smooth smoke, not wimpy, not too strong, just right."
Diesel Uncut d.CT,5 out of 5,uncut,"just ok, would not buy again."
Diesel Uncut d.CT,4 out of 5,Diesel Uncut Robusto,"Good looking wrapper, toothy. Preflight draw cocoa. Double V cut really opened up a fantastic draw. Notes of pepper, leather, and spices throughout. Retrohale smooth. Great ash with little to no maintenance to foot. Great everyday stick. Aromatic but not overpowering."
Diesel Uncut d.CT,5 out of 5,Good price good smoke,Good price good smoke
Diesel Uncut d.CT,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,"Awesome cigar to have. Diesel is amazing. Great burn, draw, and flavor. Very well made!"
Diesel Uncut d.CT,4 out of 5,Diesel Uncut Ct.,"Good smoke, well constructed, smooth steady burn. As a Connecticut fan, I can say, get with this stick."
Diesel Uncut d.CT,5 out of 5,Great smoke burn nice and,Great smoke burn nice and even
Diesel Uncut d.CT,4 out of 5,"nicely finished, semi-mild cigar","for the price, I'd order them again...decent taste and burns
a clean grayash"
Diesel Uncut d.CT,5 out of 5,Great cigar,One of my favorite cigars. Wish they made them in a box.
Diesel Uncut d.CT,4 out of 5,Nice Mild Everyday Smoke,Reasonable price for a smooth smoke.
Diesel Uncut d.CT,5 out of 5,👍🏻,👍🏻
Diesel Uncut d.CT,5 out of 5,Like these a lot. Great,Like these a lot. Great burn.
Diesel Uncut d.CT,3 out of 5,Diesel uncut torro,Burned very hot. Arrived very dry. I will let the of them set ony humidor for at least a week or so. This has been going on on with all of my cigar orders lately.
Diesel Uncut d.CT,5 out of 5,Uncut,One of my personal favorites ! 😎💰
Diesel Uncut d.CT,4 out of 5,Would buy again,"Very smooth, good draw, nice mellow smoke"
Diesel Uncut d.CT,4 out of 5,Good smoke and the price,Good smoke and the price is right.
Diesel Uncut d.CT,4 out of 5,Smoke,Nice smoke
Diesel Uncut d.CT,5 out of 5,"Excellent smoke, great price!","Excellent smoke, great price!"
Diesel Uncut d.CT,5 out of 5,Amazing Draw / Great Flavor,Great Mild Smoke with an amazing draw... I will order more :)
Diesel Uncut d.CT,5 out of 5,Great stick,Great smoke for the price
Diesel Uncut d.CT,5 out of 5,Fantastic Smoke,Fantastic Smoke
Diesel Uncut d.CT,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"I have enjoyed several of these babies since they arrived. Nice rich flavor, even burn and a wonderful draw. Cigars don’t fall apart riding my motorcycle so I enjoy them on my ride home from work. Find only well made cigar can hold up to wind at freeway speed."
Diesel Uncut d.CT,5 out of 5,Great!,"Really great products, I enjoyed it very much. Thank you."
Diesel Uncut d.CT,5 out of 5,An excellent cigar.,I lit up a Diesel Toro today while playing golf on a breezy day. Usually a breezy day requires a couple of re-lights on a cigar.. Not today. The Diesel lit evenly and smoked smoothly and cool with a pleasant flavor until the end.. I even commented on how good the Diesel was to my non-smoking cartmate. I might have to safe my Diesels for just windy days when most of my other brands of cigars are almost too much work. Diesel is highly recommended by me.
Diesel Uncut d.CT,4 out of 5,Economical,"Decent smoke for the price. Smooth taste, and easy draw."
Diesel Uncut d.CT,5 out of 5,Fantastic,One of my favorites!
Diesel Uncut d.CT,4 out of 5,Pretty danged good,Pretty danged good
Diesel Uncut d.CT,5 out of 5,Good,Good
Diesel Uncut d.CT,5 out of 5,ct cigars,"taste of nuts mild, burns great very good"
Diesel Uncut d.CT,5 out of 5,Outstanding value. Great smoke.,Outstanding value. Great smoke.
Diesel Uncut d.CT,5 out of 5,Great job,Great job
Diesel Uncut d.CT,5 out of 5,diesel uncut CT,great tasteing even smooth burns perfect
Diesel Uncut d.CT,5 out of 5,Consistently good,"This cigar tastes great, burns great and satisfies every time. Can't say that for much anymore. Get it on sale and you will never lose."
Diesel Uncut d.CT,4 out of 5,It's a Diesel,A slightly tamed down Diesel cigar. Holds true to the Diesel line in flavor but non full flavored cigar smokers might enjoy this one.
Diesel Uncut d.CT,1 out of 5,Tossed!!!!,I smoked a few. Like draw through a pencil. There the rest away. Sorry not a good buy! Very cheaply made.
Diesel Uncut d.CT,5 out of 5,Diesel Uncut,"A very good mild cigar which is well
constructed . Took a 10 pack up deer
hunting and they were everyone's favorite.
Definitely on my buy again list ."
Diesel Uncut d.CT,5 out of 5,Great smo,"Great smoke, smooth, consistent, steady even burn.... a great stick for the price. 4th time I’ve ordered. Will again."
Diesel Uncut d.CT,5 out of 5,Diesel is it!,A very enjoyable smoke! Will be buying more of these!
Diesel Uncut d.CT,5 out of 5,All came as expected.... Great,All came as expected.... Great products
Diesel Uncut d.CT,5 out of 5,d. CT pride!!!!!!,"Living most of my life in the nutmeg state. Diesel uncut CT. Makes me proud of where l live... CT. Wrapper are usually associated with mild or mellow cigars, but diesel uncut CT smashes that belief.... The strong taste of maduro, with a touch of spice. All the held together with the world famous CT. wrapper....."
Diesel Uncut d.CT,5 out of 5,Great Cigar!,"This cigar has excellent taste, construction, and draw. They are perfect with a morning cup of coffee or as an evening smoke after dinner."
Diesel Uncut d.CT,5 out of 5,A go to mild,A great cigar for sharing with a friend and hitting the links.
Diesel Uncut d.CT,2 out of 5,nothing to write home about,Should be rated as mild to medium. Very mild flavors of wheat and tobacco. A bit on the dry side. A pretty bland smoke. Would not recommend to friends.
Diesel Uncut d.CT,3 out of 5,Fair to Good,"Cigar wrapper a bit dry, overall good smoke with medium to mild tase of oak and coffee under tones."
Diesel Unlimited,5 out of 5,Diesel cigars,Bought for my fiancé ! His favorite cigars!!
Diesel Unlimited,5 out of 5,Awesome,Awesome
Diesel Unlimited,5 out of 5,DIESEL ....Love it!,"Diesel has become my ""Go To"" cigar! Always great quality!"
Diesel Unlimited,4 out of 5,Nice smoking cigar once you,Nice smoking cigar once you get it lit.
Diesel Unlimited,5 out of 5,one of my favs,one of my favs
Diesel Unlimited,5 out of 5,great cigar,"One of the best tasting cigars I’ve ever had. Wish I could afford to smoke them exclusively, but when they come on I buy all I can afford at the time."
Diesel Unlimited,4 out of 5,Very smooth.,Solid cigars all around.
Diesel Unlimited,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke.,Well balanced start to finish.
Diesel Unlimited,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Diesel Unlimited,5 out of 5,THe Best!!!,"On of my favorite blends and sizes from Diesel!!!
A good long medium smoke with great construction throughout!"
Diesel Unlimited,5 out of 5,Great consistency,"Been a long time RP fan but they quality has declined recently. Diesel was one of the first brands I had smoked and nothing has changed since then. Laser line burn, great draw, and most important to me....the same experience from stick to stick."
Diesel Unlimited,5 out of 5,AWESOME BUY 👌,AWESOME BUY 👌
Diesel Unlimited,5 out of 5,My favorite,My favorite
Diesel Unlimited,4 out of 5,Diesel is my go to,"Diesel is my go to cigar and these are my 'with morning coffee' favorites. Even flavorful smoke, a great way to sort out the days chores."
Diesel Unlimited,5 out of 5,great cigars,great cigars
Diesel Unlimited,5 out of 5,D 7,Is long burning and strong.
Diesel Unlimited,5 out of 5,I was looking for a,I was looking for a solid mild cigar for Golf . I hit the jackpot with a full great tasting cigar which lasted 10 holes
Diesel Unlimited,4 out of 5,nice deal,nice deal
Diesel Unlimited,5 out of 5,"Excellent Cigars, GreT Service 😎","Excellent Cigars, GreT Service 😎"
Diesel Unlimited,5 out of 5,Excellent. Should have bought more.,Excellent. Should have bought more.
Diesel Unlimited,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Even burn and frankly it is the best cigars I’ve ever smoked For my taste
Diesel Unlimited,5 out of 5,"Great cigar, even better price!","My First diesel smoke. Not sure what I was expecting, but I wasn’t expecting this smoke to be this good. Full flavor, easy draw, and even burn. Even though it’s a full bodied smoke, it’s not over powering. Enjoying my d.6 with a nice stout beer. The creaminess of the stout compliments the diesel d.6. For the price of this cigar you can’t go wrong!"
Diesel Unlimited,4 out of 5,OK Smoke,"When I punched out he end, instead out cutting it, it slip on a few of them, however they were alright smokes."
Diesel Unlimited,4 out of 5,Consistency,Consistency I have Been smoking diesel for sometime it is a full body cigar with same flavors and burn box after box
Diesel Unlimited,5 out of 5,Go to Cigar,"What can you say, it is one of the most flavorful sticks on the market. The price insures I can enjoy as often as I feel like."
Diesel Unlimited,5 out of 5,My second wife.,"True love right here, been smoking these for so long wish they weren't so much but well worth it"
Diesel Unlimited,4 out of 5,Diesel Unlimited d.5 is a good cigar,A good go-to stick.
Diesel Unlimited,5 out of 5,The go to Cigar,Pairs great with top shelf single malt whiskey.
Diesel Unlimited,4 out of 5,good smoke,"compact, smooth burning,tasty"
Diesel Unlimited,5 out of 5,Fantastic cigar,"The Diesel Unlimited (Habano) is a great cigar. The d.5 is one of my favorites. Perfect size, great taste, even burn... Everytime. Exceptional value."
Diesel Unlimited,4 out of 5,Purchased another Box--Solid but...,"I love the D6 Gordo as my everyday smoke. Love the spice bomb and 1.5 hour lasting cigar. The last deal was crazy good, $4 per. This last box did have some BIG ole stems and was touching them up more than past boxes. It happens but hope it was just an off batch. I have 100+ more expensive smokes in my humi but I tend to keep pulling out this smoke, works for my palate. Just ordered another"
Diesel Unlimited,4 out of 5,OK,good burn and flavor. but when you remove the Diesel log paper on the foot the wrapper comes undone. maybe deisel should put the log at the top good burn flavor
Diesel Unlimited,5 out of 5,Nice smoke,Very good cigar lots of white smoke
Diesel Unlimited,5 out of 5,Diesel cigars top notch.,One of my everyday go to cigars
Diesel Unlimited,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"Nice even burn, had to punch one out of the ten I bought. Great flavors. Definitely will buy more."
Diesel Unlimited,4 out of 5,I just love Diesel cigars,I just love Diesel cigars
Diesel Unlimited,5 out of 5,Great enjoyable cigar.,I have bought these in the past. I love the spice and oak taste these cigars offer. When you want something more them mild this is a great choice. You won't be disappointed.
Diesel Unlimited,4 out of 5,Robust for sure,"Heavy, full bodied. Enjoyable to the end"
Diesel Unlimited,4 out of 5,very fresh smooth,very fresh smooth
Diesel Unlimited,5 out of 5,I like him,I like him
Diesel Unlimited,3 out of 5,Jeckl & Hyde,"Bought a 5 pack because I love all things Diesel. First 3 smokes were incredible. Great Smoke for when you have sometime to smoke. Last 2 smokes were so dry the just fell apart. Couldn't even get thru them. Absolutely horrible. All 5 cigars were treated the same, in the same humidor, and smoked within 8 or 10 days. I was totally disappointed after enjoying the first couple."
Diesel Unlimited,4 out of 5,Good snoke.,Good snoke.
Diesel Unlimited,4 out of 5,"Great cigar, Diesel does a","Great cigar, Diesel does a fine job. Still looking for the ""perfect one""."
Diesel Unlimited,4 out of 5,Tha best,Ordering these all quarantine. Livin my best life.
Diesel Unlimited,5 out of 5,Great smoke and great value.,Great smoke and great value.
Diesel Unlimited,5 out of 5,Perfect Panatela,"This cigar looks a little different with it's pigtail and match lite tip but the draw, construction and that bold 
smooth flavor are spot on. No doubt it's a Diesel."
Diesel Unlimited,5 out of 5,Diesel,Great cigar with awesome taste. Very smooth and no after taste.
Diesel Unlimited,5 out of 5,Diesel speaker,Great speaker
Diesel Unlimited,5 out of 5,Amazing Cigar,These are my go to cigars. Love them. Excellent flavor and smell. Good hour burn cigar.
Diesel Unlimited,5 out of 5,Wonderful!!,Wonderful!!
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,4 out of 5,Great,Really like this cigar. Will buy again
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar!,One of the most perfect cigars I have ever had.
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,Very good cigar,This is a great cigar.
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke...,Excellent smoke...
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,4 out of 5,Diesel unlimited,Good price for this cigar
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,The best cigar in this,The best cigar in this price range.
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,4 out of 5,All AJ cigars are great!,Would have given 5 stars but 2 of the cigars were split.
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,good tight smoke.,good tight smoke.
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,This is my sit back and relax smoke. Great smoke.
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,Consistent and strong,Best full flavored Maduro I’ve purchased yet. Highly recommended
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,easy to smoke and burns,easy to smoke and burns nice
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,Diesel maduro,Excellent cigar my #1 go to cigar
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Stick!! My Favorate,Great Stick!! My Favorate
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,4 out of 5,Good value,Good value
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,Fantastic cigar for the price.,Fantastic cigar for the price. I would do it again.
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,Excellent construction and taste.
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,4 out of 5,Excellent,Great stick. Burns hot and a little mushy (at the end nearest to the foot.
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,Yum,I smoke these everyday
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,Diesel,"Awesome cigar, smooth, great flavor and clean burn."
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,Great daily!,Great daily!
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,love this cigar forever,"Im diesels big fan, and i really love this cigar. perfect draw, sweet and spicy, well constructed, good flavor. i will purchase this again and again, god bless aj!"
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,4 out of 5,Big Smooth Body!,It's a very smooth full body smoke. I'll definitely be ordering more!
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,"I smoke three cigars primarily,","I smoke three cigars primarily, for forty years,and this is one of them, with reason."
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,"Slow burning cigar, great construction, and good flavor...one of my favorites in my humidor"
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,4 out of 5,great,great
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,Diesel cigars are great,They are my everyday smoke.
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,4 out of 5,good cigar for the money,good cigar for the money
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,4 out of 5,Life of the Party!,"very smooth, good flavor. I've ordered these several times and all the fellas and some ladies have really enjoyed them."
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,Diesel,Great cigars!!
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,Expectations met,Exceptionally powerful
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,BRICK HOUSE PARTY,"Close your eyes, take a puff and it's Party Time!"
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,Great flavor,Diesel doesn’t fail at all. Very good cigar. Great taste. Great burn. I enjoyed smoking this cigar. A+++. Will be ordering more.
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,After dinner stick,Nothing is more relaxing after a great steak
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,A good 6x60 smoke,"Great Gordo, tastes great too."
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,My favorite smoke,Outstanding cigar.
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,MY FAVORITE,"My favorite Diesel....love the Maduro, love the burn rate, love the draw, love the flavor, love the full body."
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,Tried for the first time.,Tried for the first time. Great smoke
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,Love Em!,Love Em!
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,4 out of 5,Tasty. Good burn. Earthy,Tasty. Good burn. Earthy
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke.,Great smoke.
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,Full body delight,Fantastic smoke. Full of flavor.
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,Amazing!,Amazing!
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,Great quality Maduro,"If you like a strong, quality smoke, the Diesel Maduro is perfect. Really a great smoke with a reasonable price point."
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,My favorite cigar,My favorite cigar
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,Worth the $,"Great burn, excellent flavor, but shipping time is atrocious."
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,4 out of 5,Great value,Great smoke at a great price.
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,diesel,Great smoke
Diesel Unlimited Maduro,5 out of 5,Gets great mileage...,"No fancy talk, just my opinion on this cigar. When my bronchitis goes away. I'll get to smoke my third one. The first two were super and I made 'em last. Got reeeal good mileage and excellent taste."
Diesel Whiskey Row,5 out of 5,great cigars. pretty much a,great cigars. pretty much a daily smoker
Diesel Whiskey Row,5 out of 5,Diesel whiskey row,Diesel whiskey row is a nice cigar with a good draw and a decent taste something you can enjoy often without breaking the bank
Diesel Whiskey Row,5 out of 5,Excellent cigars,Excellent cigars
Diesel Whiskey Row,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Some of the best cigars for the money
Diesel Whiskey Row,5 out of 5,Great Cigar!,"I'm a huge Diesel fan to begin with. These cigars really hit the spot! Good flavor, aroma and construction. These will be a regular in my humidor!
Highly recommend for those who like medium-full cigars with a hint of Bourbon in the mix!"
Diesel Whiskey Row,5 out of 5,Robust and hearty,Diesel top of the food chain absolutely great smoke!!!
Diesel Whiskey Row,4 out of 5,"Not quite the same as infused, but very nice indeed.","I typically purchase flavored or infused cigars that lean toward the lighter end, so this was a bit of a departure for me.
These are smooth for being darker than my normal cigar and burn well with a bold, full flavored draw. The aroma is pleasant as well.
Overall I think these will be a great smoke for when I have company that prefer a non-infused cigar. I however will stick to Drew Estate varieties, which are more mild and flavorful. I’m pleased with my purchase."
Diesel Whiskey Row,5 out of 5,great cigar,great cigar
Diesel Whiskey Row,5 out of 5,Enjoy!,All I can say is I really like this medium cigar. I ordered a box after I order a five pack on deal of the day.
Diesel Whiskey Row,5 out of 5,Smooth smoke,Nice ash great flavor not harsh but bold i like this cigar
Diesel Whiskey Row,4 out of 5,Good Smoke,Wouldn’t stay on to long other than that it was fine
Diesel Whiskey Row,5 out of 5,Great stick,Great medium plus smoke
Diesel Whiskey Row,5 out of 5,Great smoke.,"Best dam smoke I've had, putting in order on a full box as I write this."
Diesel Whiskey Row,5 out of 5,Best of Diesel,"Holy Smokes!!! These amazing flavor bombs are the cream of the Diesel Crop !!! They just need a short 30 day nap in your humidor and BOOM, flavor bomb supreme, well worth every penny so don’t hesitate on buying a box of these!!!"
Diesel Whiskey Row,5 out of 5,Worth investment if you like the first diesel looks you will like this one.,This cigar right here is a fine well put together cigar that is enjoyable. The diesel Whiskey Row cigar is worth the investment.
Diesel Whiskey Row,5 out of 5,good cigar,good cigar
Diesel Whiskey Row,3 out of 5,it had good flavor but,it had good flavor but the two I've smoked both unwrapped.
Diesel Whiskey Row,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Smooth and tasty from start to finish
Diesel Whiskey Row,4 out of 5,Needs more infusion time,"I truly enjoyed this cigar, burned well and. burned even, I was looking for a bit more flavor so I infused them myself and got a richer smother flavor."
Diesel Whiskey Row,4 out of 5,Cigar and a bourbon !,"Silky smooth wrapper , even burn and a nice draw , found it solid medium to full , great blend."
Diesel Whiskey Row,3 out of 5,Below expectation,Uneven burn
Diesel Whiskey Row,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,Very impressed! Awesome flavor! Changes through out the smoke. Highly recommend!!
Diesel Whiskey Row,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Diesel has been My favorite for along time. slow burn great taste will buy again
Diesel Whiskey Row,5 out of 5,Smooth,Very smooth smoke.
Diesel Whiskey Row,5 out of 5,Solid smoke,Good flavor great draw and a reliable burn at a very reasonable price. Relatively neutral but with enough body for it to be satisfying.
Diesel Whiskey Row,3 out of 5,I think they was an,I think they was an ok cigar for the money
Diesel Whiskey Row,5 out of 5,"excellent medium to mild smoke,","excellent medium to mild smoke, git one!"
Diesel Whiskey Row,4 out of 5,Great stick really smooth with,Great stick really smooth with just enough spice to keep it interesting
Diesel Whiskey Row,5 out of 5,Smooth for the price,"Nice cigar for the price, definitely medium bodied and mild. Paired with a bourbon then a port, and both times the taste balanced well!"
Diesel Whiskey Row,5 out of 5,One to Try!!!!,"A well balanced medium/mild smoke. The whiskey aging added a very light pleasant hint of buttery oak, and bourbon. A unique and elegant experience characteristic of Diesel."
Diesel Whiskey Row,5 out of 5,Diesel Whiskey Row,"Wow, what a nice surprise! Box pressed with a nice draw and plenty of smooth creamy smoke. Another AJ winner!"
Diesel Whiskey Row,4 out of 5,Pleasant,Pleasant
Diesel Whiskey Row,3 out of 5,Pretty good but expecting more,"First half of this stick is always terrific. Full of flavor, lots of smoke. Somewhere between half and 2/3 it turns to a harsher, less enjoyable flavor. Worth a try."
Diesel Whiskey Row,4 out of 5,Nice,Nice
Diesel Whiskey Row,4 out of 5,good,Early mild does not leave a bad taste in my mouth.
Diesel Whiskey Row,5 out of 5,Great service,Love CI. Always good service. Good prices with a great variety of cigars. Keep up the good work.
Diesel Whiskey Row,4 out of 5,Very pleasant smoke..,Very pleasant smoke..
Diesel Whiskey Row,5 out of 5,DIESEL BOURBON ROW,Best cigars I have had in years for the price. Excellent slow burn tastiness. Highly recommended.
Diesel Whiskey Row,4 out of 5,Good stick,Good stick
Diesel Whiskey Row,4 out of 5,Fussy one.,"Found the strength to be a little more stout than advertised, but overall a great smoke."
Diesel Whiskey Row,4 out of 5,Diesel Whiskey Row Robusto,Only a 4 rating because I save 5's for Davidoffs and such. But a 4 from me is a pretty good endorsement.
Diesel Whiskey Row,3 out of 5,Just okay,Just okay
Diesel Whiskey Row,4 out of 5,Pleasantly surprised,"It’s a decent smoke. No complaints. Good burn, nice ash, easy drawl with a punch cutter. Stayed tasty all the way to the end. I would by again"
Diesel Whiskey Row,5 out of 5,Whiskey Wow,I’ve tried other “whiskey” infused cigars and they all underwhelm. Diesel has surprised me. Give it a try.
Diesel Whiskey Row,3 out of 5,Nice Taste,Good flavor
Diesel Whiskey Row,5 out of 5,Tasty treat,I maybe consider a novice but I enjoyed it a lot.
Diesel Whiskey Row,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
Diesel Whiskey Row,5 out of 5,Not bad for the price,Nice consistent smoke after work... will definitely restock! 👊🏾
Diesel Whiskey Row,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"Medium to full bodied. Not overpowering. Great smell, burn, taste and ash."
Diesel Whiskey Row,5 out of 5,Good smoke.,"I’m not able to discerne notes of this, hints of that, etc. This stick shows good construction, stays lit all the way through and has a nice balanced flavor. I like it and will be ordering more."
Diesel Whiskey Row Sherry Cask,5 out of 5,Diesel Whiskey Row Sherry Cask,Excellent full-bodied cigar that goes well with Bourbon
Diesel Whiskey Row Sherry Cask,5 out of 5,Another Excellent Diesel,"I tried the Whiskey Row Sherry Cask and was not disappointed, they were very enjoyable and even one of my good friends liked them alot. Great cigar!"
Diesel Whiskey Row Sherry Cask,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"Very nice cigar, I like Diesels and this one did not disappoint. Shared with a good buddy of mine and he thought they were well worth the money. I definitely recommend them."
Diesel Whiskey Row Sherry Cask,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,I enjoy this stick in the early mornings with my morning coffee. Consistent from start to finish.
Diesel Whiskey Row Sherry Cask,5 out of 5,Another great Diesel,"Fantastic cigar. Nice tight roll. Burns dimes on the ash. Construction is great. Flavor profile is heavy espresso, earthiness, balanced by some tang from the sherry casks. Remarkable cigar."
Diesel Whiskey Row Sherry Cask,4 out of 5,Decent Cigar,"I'm a HUGE Diesel fan. One of my top cigar brands. Out of the hundreds I've smoked, I think I had one or two that failed me. This cigar wasn't bad at all. Just not really what I was expecting. A little underwhelming, if you will. I'll probably opt for other Diesels."
Diesel Whiskey Row Sherry Cask,5 out of 5,An Excellent Smoke!,There are not enough words to describe the goodness of this cigar. So good you hate to finish it. But there's always the next one to enjoy.
Diesel Whiskey Row Sherry Cask,5 out of 5,Excellent cigars,Excellent cigars
Diesel Whiskey Row Sherry Cask,5 out of 5,Better than expected!,"Fantastic experience! Rich, full body throughout. Even received a compliment from my pipe only friend who has never been able to finish a cigar before, he finished this one!"
Diesel Whiskey Row Sherry Cask,5 out of 5,A Great Cigar... I will buy more!,"Great cigar.. Even my girlfriend was like, ""Ooo, what's that you're smoking... I like it!"""
Diesel Whiskey Row Sherry Cask,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke!!!,This was a much better smoke than I anticipated!!!
Diesel Whiskey Row Sherry Cask,4 out of 5,Good cigar worth the try,Good cigar worth the try
Diesel Whiskey Row Sherry Cask,5 out of 5,Impeccable,"The most delicious stick I've ever had, this may have replaced the Fuente Anejo as my all time favorite."
Diesel Whiskey Row Sherry Cask,1 out of 5,Diesel Whiskey Row Sherry Cask,Not as pleasant tasting draw as I expected. I’ve had infused cigars before and this is by far the worse. I wouldn’t recommend this cigar to any of my friends or family cigar smokers.
Diesel Whiskey Row Sherry Cask,4 out of 5,Diesel Whisky Row Sherry Cask,"Got these robustos in sampler which was an excellent deal. Always have enjoyed Diesel,in wherever form,and this was no exception. Smooth and balanced with touches of pepper and fruit,and a sweet earthiness. Definitely will buy these again."
Diesel Whiskey Row Sherry Cask,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Loved it gave it to a smoking pal he enjoyed it also will order again
Diesel Whiskey Row Sherry Cask,4 out of 5,Good smoke,"These smoke well but don’t burn evenly, which is a pet peeve of mine. They do stay lit and taste great!"
Diesel Whiskey Row Sherry Cask,5 out of 5,#1 Diesel,"This cigar is number #1 for me right now. I’ve tried all three
Vitolas and they’re all good. The Toro is my favorite. The longer you smoke one the better they get. When you get into these aways they become a complex flavor bomb you just don’t want to end. All have had an excellent draw and burn. But the flavor is what keeps me wanting to light up another one."
Diesel Whiskey Row Sherry Cask,5 out of 5,Great stick.,"Really enjoy smoking these, bought a box of toros about a month ago. Definitely a medium+ stick, with a touch of spice. I definitely don’t have the most refined palette, but upon lighting I pick up leather, chocolate and a touch of black pepper in the retro-hale. As the cigar burns into the second third the sherry notes appears very faintly on the finish, while the original flavor intensity slightly. That continues into the final third.
I find myself smoking them to the nub each time, as I enjoy the flavors so much from beginning to end."
Diesel Whiskey Row Sherry Cask,5 out of 5,Great stick,"I am currently smoking one, yet I couldn't wait to let them sit in my humidor. My 1st is possibly going to be different from my 2nd due to the time it was in the humidor (1d), and so far on the first 1/3 I got black pepper flavors with small hints of sweetness. Shortly after, sweet dried druits, dark chocolate and cedar, the hints of pepper were just at the beginning on this one. Surely a good cigar that worth a try"
Diesel Whiskey Row Sherry Cask,5 out of 5,AJ does it again,"I picked one of these up at my local B&M and let it acclimate to my humidor for one month. First light, it is very smooth with a slightly sweet chocolate taste, almost no pepper. It goes away very quickly on the tongue. On the retrohale is a woody slightly sweet earth with a feint hit of chocolate. No doubt the sweetness is coming from the sherry cask. No burn issues except i nicked the wrapper trying to get the foot cover off, mine was really stuck on there so be careful removing it. I paired it with a sweet sports drink that complented it well. All in all it was an enjoyable stick."
Diesel Wicked,5 out of 5,Wicked smoke,"Another one of my favorites. Smooth, thick ash, and just an enjoyable smoke."
Diesel Wicked,5 out of 5,My Favorite Diesel - And That Says Something,"I'm a Diesel fan. Of their offerings, this one is my favorite, followed by the stardard Diesel in the Unholy Cocktail vitolla.
The Wicked has a dark, dusky badass looking wrapper that pairs wonderfully with the label. It's rich in flavor, in smoke, and feel in the hand. I enjoy them so much I'm sometimes reluctant to torch one up except for the better occasions.
Boxes of these are not always available, so when they are, I mash the ""add to cart"" button hard and fast."
Diesel Wicked,5 out of 5,My favorite Diesel!,Great cigar! Great wrapper! Easy draw with lots of smoke! Earthy with cherry kick throughout. Well worth the money!
Diesel Wicked,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Diesel Wicked,5 out of 5,Diesel wicked,It is a very very good stick earthy peppery at the end and all around very good smoke would highly recommend it.
Diesel Wicked,4 out of 5,Strong smoke,Love the diesel brand this smoke is there strongest. Hot on the tongue at the beginning then smooths out. Over all good smoke. Would buy again
Diesel Wicked,5 out of 5,Like it sounds!,"Full flavor, start your engine, smoke blowing dandy!"
Diesel Wicked,5 out of 5,Amazing,Amazing
Diesel Wicked,5 out of 5,Dark And Wonderful,"I could tell in the first few draws that this was something special. It's a complex beast. Bold, strong, featuring a complex palate of dark and wonderful notes. Wicked, sinister, and one of the most enjoyable maduros I've ever come across. If these aren't on backorder, do yourself a favor and pull the trigger. They're fantastic."
Diesel Wicked,5 out of 5,"Love the dark wrapper, very well constructed!","PHENOMENAL! Received these as part of a Diesel 35 pack. Absolutely delicious. All Diesels, as far as I'm concerned are great smokes, but this one stands out!"
Diesel Wicked,5 out of 5,Wicked,"Good draw after cutting. Great flavor,nice salt and pepper ash. Try one. Well worth it."
Diesel Wicked,5 out of 5,Waterproof!!!,"5 stars seems like an understatement to the quality of this cigar. I will get to the amazing flavor in a moment, but I had this cigar while tailgating in the pouring rain and it never lost flavor, lost its flame, or became water logged. The wrapper was so tight it kept burning.
The flavor was amazing, a slight spice and hint of expresso to compliment a bold but smooth draw. I would recommend this cigar to anyone."
Diesel Wicked,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,"These are wicked...wicked good! For my taste it doesn't get better than this. Good full body and deep, rich flavor. Burns slow and even and builds a good ash. Great smoke volume. Starts out calm and tasty and then hits the crescendo of flavor at the halfway point. My only regret is that I didn't triple my order when they were on special sale."
Diesel Wicked,4 out of 5,I got a deal on,"I got a deal on these. Good stick, right in the AJ wheelhouse as to be expected! I do feel at regular asking prices that cigars like Diesel Unholy Cocktail and Diesel Maduro along with Man O War original are better bargains. This cigar is a nice full bodied blend though. Iwould look to buy on sale again!"
Diesel Wicked,5 out of 5,Best from Diesel,Taste good Burn good
Diesel Wicked,5 out of 5,Awesome cigar,Awesome cigar
Diesel Wicked,3 out of 5,Smooth and creamy.,"I enjoyed this cigar, and it was clean all the way through for a full body cigar."
Diesel Wicked,4 out of 5,Haymaker to the head; not overly complex,"Got these with the AJ Chosen One sampler. Let me start this off by saying I was really excited about this stick. I love diesel and mostly anything AJ. I also prefer medium and full bodied peppery blends. That said, this was a little disappointing. The cigar is beautiful and the construction looked amazing. That said, it’s a bit of a one-trick pony for the first half and the draw was tight. About halfway through some earth and dark roasted coffee come in and the pepper starts to subside. It’s a definite powerhouse as advertised, and only grows in body and power. I was just searching for more and it was more-or-less consistent. Only had to correct the burn once. I’ll still enjoy them in the future, but I over-hyped this going into it."
Diesel Wicked,4 out of 5,Satisfying smoke.,Pleasantly surprised by construction and taste. Will buy more
Diesel Wicked,3 out of 5,Wicked Diesel,"Not the usual, good taste but very hard draw."
Diesel Wicked,3 out of 5,Only OK. Confused,"My least favorite of the Diesel blends. Also thought I was purchasing Delirum, then Wicked arrived."
Diesel Wicked,5 out of 5,Wicked Good Smoke!,Great flavors and construction.
Diesel Wicked,5 out of 5,So good,"I ordered these thinking they were the cigars that I had recently received in some deal that I liked. As soon as these arrived I realized I ordered the wrong cigars. Best mistake I have made in a long time. Sit down and get ready for an amazing stick. Excellent flavor, draw, and a perfect burn made this a very enjoyable smoke."
Diesel Wicked,4 out of 5,Solid smoke,Go easy on this one......lot of flavor
Diesel Wicked,5 out of 5,Wicked Good,Just plain love this cigar.
Diesel Wicked,5 out of 5,Great everyday cigar,"Wow, I got a few of these in a sampler. I think I smoked the first one too soon. I decided to smoke one today because I bought better quality humidor that was a little smaller, so I didn't have room for it. It has been a great experience and pretty complex. It is strong but not overpowering. Excellent construction. Three quarters of the way through and still very consistent. This cigar will not disappoint."
Diesel Wicked,5 out of 5,Wicked good!,"Diesel has been a staple in my humidor. Since the Diesel came out, it's no different. I always have them and can rely on AJ's consistent production for an enjoyable experience every time! This blend takes his game to a whole new level. Enjoy, all!"
Diesel Wicked,5 out of 5,Not a beginners stick...,"I'm a fan of the diesel line and this is no exception. This is a strong cigar with a lot of flavor. This is a great cigar for when you have time to enjoy it. It can sneak up on you though, so be careful."
Diesel Wicked,5 out of 5,Great cigars,Great cigars would buy them again
Diesel Wicked,5 out of 5,Consistent winner,"Diesel has always delivered across their labels. The wicked line has a deeper, darker flavor to it. As with other diesel products, it has a richness to the smoke and is well-made."
Diesel Wicked,5 out of 5,👍🏼👍🏼,Enjoyed this cigar!!
Diesel Wicked,4 out of 5,"Good cigar, not mild.","Burns well, good flavor, and there is nothing wrong with it.
Also: good price."
Diesel Wicked,5 out of 5,Good stick,Good stick
Diesel Wicked,5 out of 5,I LOVE DIESEL!,If could this would be the one I would smoke all the time . consistent quality I have never had a bad DIESEL.
Diesel Wicked,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar. A little tight on the draw for my liking. Would buy again for that price
Diesel Wicked,5 out of 5,Diesel fuels me!,"I’ve tried most all of the various Diesel cigars, and love them all Great flavor and smooth even burn. I would only recommend them only to people who enjoy good cigars!"
Diesel Wicked,5 out of 5,Anything AJ Fernandez is awesome,Anything AJ Fernandez is awesome
Diesel Wicked,5 out of 5,"Very tasty, very potent. Not for the beginner.","Awesome cigar, but put on your man pants. I recommend you take your time on this one."
Diesel Wicked,5 out of 5,Wicked is the best! Period,"Fabulous full bodied smoke
Perfect draw every stick
Best tasting cigar I have ever smoked
Well done!!"
Diesel Wicked,5 out of 5,cigar smokers,I ask you to try the diesel wicked if you're looking for a satisfying smoke from the beginning to the end a sassy smoke
Diesel Wicked,5 out of 5,I enjoy Diesels,Diesel Wickeds are great. Great taste and value.
Diesel Wicked,5 out of 5,Outstanding!,Outstanding!
Diesel Wicked,5 out of 5,Another fabulous creation from AJ!,Another fabulous creation from AJ!
Diesel Wicked,4 out of 5,Really nice cigar!,"I've never been a big Diesel fan, but I got a Diesel Wicked at cigar fest 2017. I have to say really nice cigar from start to finish. Definitely the best Diesel cigar I've ever had. Great flavor, easy draw!"
Diesel Wicked,5 out of 5,Love the fast and cheap shipping,Great site to order cigars only takes a few days to get them and he shipping cost is cheap
Diesel Wicked,5 out of 5,Diesel wicked,I'm a huge diesel fan and I must say this is there best cigar in my opinion. A very smooth rich cigar. 10 out of 10 in my book.
Diesel Wicked,5 out of 5,Awesome Smoke.,"What a great Smoke.
Long and smooth"
Diesel Wicked,4 out of 5,great smoke,"Awesome smoke. I would compare to partegas black pyramids, but a bit lower cost"
Diesel Wicked,2 out of 5,I'll stay with unholy cocktail.,"Not nearly as good as unholy cocktail, even if they were priced the same."
Djarum Black Ivory,5 out of 5,perfect,perfect service great product fast shipping
Djarum Black Ruby,5 out of 5,Perfect,Perfect
Djarum Black Ruby,5 out of 5,"Awesome, delivery was slow...","Awesome, delivery was slow..."
Djarum Black Ruby,5 out of 5,Great buy,They was very fresh and tasty
Djarum Black Sapphire,5 out of 5,Crystal Blue Persuasion,"If you are wistful for the taste of the now-outlawed Clove cigarettes of old with a touch of menthol, Djarum has what you need. I smoke both the Emerald and the Sapphire cigarillos, and both varieties have great flavor and an alluring aroma that will get you noticed (particularly by the ladies) in a good way. Both are satisfying (especially with coffee or a cold brew) but the difference between the two is the amount of menthol flavor added to the mix. My personal preference is for Sapphire since taste-wise Emerald reminds me of a Kool mild while the Sapphire taste makes me think ""Crystal Blue Persuasion."" Either way, both are winners in my view."
Dominican Cream,3 out of 5,dominican cream,A decent smoke but I wouldn't tout them to a friend. A fair price for a fair smoke
Dominican Cream,5 out of 5,A gem !!,"very mild and smooth smoke , grate buy for the money!!"
Dominican Cream,4 out of 5,Good smoke,"Mild, good taste. If you want a decent even smoke, with little aftertaste. Then I highly recommend."
Dominican Cream,4 out of 5,Not Bad,"Overall not a bad stick. It is on the smooth mild side with a very slight sweet tip early in the smoke. The draw is not easy initially. after it burns a 1/4 then it gets better. What I found odd was the filler. The filler does not burn well and stays for a long while. However, it is smooth and nice. After the initial 1/4 stick burns it is a good smoke."
Dominican Cream,4 out of 5,Don't order these... they're mine.,Best smoke I've found so far but don't order these becasue last time I went to order them you guys had ordered them all. Go find yourself something else to smoke and leave me and these creamy dreamies alone. A great buy for the money.
Dominican Cream,5 out of 5,Like very much consistently good,Like very much consistently good
Dominican Cream,4 out of 5,4 stars,some veriblity in structure but overall good.
Dominican Cream,3 out of 5,Average filler sometimes with wood,Average filler sometimes with wood sticks in them not bad for a cheap smoke
Dominican Cream,4 out of 5,Well worth a try,"Solid smoke. Mild. Taste profile and construction consistent from stick to stick. Don’t love the sweet cap, but it fades away soon after lighting."
Dominican Cream,4 out of 5,exceent mid cigar,"Has a bit of bitter taste at end , but this mid cigar stays it ti the end and is a great buy, even a surprising buy."
Dominican Cream,5 out of 5,Love em,Love em
Dominican Cream,5 out of 5,Dominican Cream Robusto,These are very smooth cigars at a good price.
Dominican Cream,5 out of 5,"Great taste, mild, burns even,","Great taste, mild, burns even, really great price."
Dominican Cream,4 out of 5,Enjoyed the toro very much.,"Just had my second Dominican. Won’t lie, I pretty much bought them as handouts, and no one has complained about them, rather the recipients have been complimentary. Tonight I was ate in getting around to lighting up after a late dinner. I mostly smoke stronger cigars, but after awhile they start to taste the same, so I poured a couple fingers of scotch on the rocks (neat if I’m smoking a stronger stick) and lit up an expected milder Dominican Cream toro. It was relaxing and I enjoyed the pairing very much. I was curious as to who makes them and after reading through the reviews, the consensus is that Erik Espinosa is the culprit, which doesn’t surprise me as I tend to like his cigars. I have to say I agree with all of the positive reviews - mild to medium, good flavor, smoke volume, easy draw and even burning. Now, I hope that they will restock these at the same low price. I favor punching mixed filler cigars, that way I avoid getting bits of tobacco on my tongue. I will still pass these out but I think I’ll be a little more selective when I do. Very good cigar in my limited experience with them."
Dominican Cream,3 out of 5,Everyday,great everyday smoke.
Dominican Cream,5 out of 5,Smooth cigar,decent cigar and for the price it's a good cigar
Dominican Cream,4 out of 5,Flavorful,Decent everyday kick around
Dominican Cream,3 out of 5,A decent cigar for the price but I don't think I'll buy the again.,"A pretty decent cigar with a fairly smooth taste. A few burned unevenly but overall good construction. I think the ""Cream"" in the description is a little misleading - I wouldn't describe them as creamy."
Dominican Cream,4 out of 5,Smooth and mellow,Smooth and mellow
Dominican Cream,4 out of 5,dominican cream topedo,for the price it's a good backyard or golf course cigar
Dominican Cream,5 out of 5,Cream,Good smoke.
Dominican Cream,4 out of 5,pretty good el cheap-o,"for an inexpensive ""just gotta have one stickin' outa my face"" cigar these are actually pretty good !"
Dominican Cream,5 out of 5,Great every day work cigar. I,I enjoy the sweet taste you get at first light. Then a smooth smoke. Will order again
Dominican Cream,4 out of 5,Perfect work smoke,"This is my everyday ""go to"" cigar. It's better than most cigars 3X the price. Consistent burn, and I don't feel bad if I have to ditch it early."
Dominican Cream,4 out of 5,Dominican Cream,Decent inexpensive cigar....I will purchase again.
Dominican Cream,4 out of 5,Great anytime smoke that’s easy on the budget,Despite the occasional inconsistency in draw (perhaps one in 25 is too tightly packed) I find Dominican Creams to match or exceed many higher priced smokes
Dominican Cream,5 out of 5,Great Taste at a great pice.,"Great smoke for the price. I wasn't expecting much, but I am really surprised. I was looking for a nice everyday smoke and I found it."
Dominican Cream,2 out of 5,Creams,They do not burn even. Besides that they taste great.Cream
Dominican Cream,4 out of 5,A cut above everyday,A smooth easy draw that meets and beats the everyday smoke category. For the money you cannot go wrong. Smoking 2 - 3 cigars a day these have become a lager part of the rotation.
Dominican Cream,4 out of 5,domincan cream,"some times difficult to obtain a easy draw, but an enjoyable smoke. still not a victor Sinclair premerios"
Dominican Cream,4 out of 5,Nice surprise!,"I bought the Dominican Creams looking for an inexpensive, but decent everyday cigar to smoke on the tractor. I kinda expected a mildly bland smoke at this price point, but was honestly surprised by the amount of nice lightly sweet flavor packed into these sticks! They are not what I would call ""rich"", but they deliver good, satisfying flavor at a bargain price. Will buy again!"
Dominican Cream,5 out of 5,smooth good everyday cigar,smooth good everyday cigar
Dominican Cream,4 out of 5,Mild Smoke,Good everyday/other smoke for the price. I like that this cigar is on the mild side. L
Dominican Cream,4 out of 5,"Decent cigar, as an ordinary smoke","Not a bad cigar. Very smooth - ""creamy"" is not an understatement. Slight cedar/bread notes. Very light taste. Price makes it perfect for a quick smoke if you don't mind ""light"" taste. If your looking for mild, this is a good try. My first ""Cuban sandwich"" I think, but holds together well for cigar with some non-long fillers."
Dominican Cream,4 out of 5,A nice well rolled medium,A nice well rolled medium strength cigar.
Dominican Cream,4 out of 5,Good mellow smoke,Nice cigar for the price
Dominican Cream,4 out of 5,Tastee,One of the best smokes I have ever had.
Dominican Cream,3 out of 5,DECENT,a well made decent tasting cheap smoke
Dominican Cream,4 out of 5,new cigar,"great cigar for the$ , just don't let it go out relight not the same!"
Dominican Cream,5 out of 5,Best Smoke for the price. Good draw and taste.,Best smoke for the price. Good draw and taste. Go for it.
Dominican Cream,5 out of 5,Good cheap smoke,Put these in a sealed jar with some good bourbon. Tasty smoke for cheap price.
Dominican Cream,3 out of 5,Dominican cream,Not a bad cigar
Dominican Cream,4 out of 5,Pretty good cigar,"Pretty well balanced flavor, smooth and even burn all at a reasonable price."
Dominican Cream,4 out of 5,Good cigar for the price,Good cigar for the price
Dominican Cream,3 out of 5,Good everyday inexpensive smoke!,Good everyday inexpensive smoke!
Dominican Cream,5 out of 5,Good Cigar - Tops for Low Price!,"Good cigar, with mellow flavor. Great for the price!"
Dominican Cream,5 out of 5,Smooth smoke,Smooth smoke
Dominican Cream,5 out of 5,Smooth,Burns slow and even. Nice creamy taste
Dominican Cream,4 out of 5,Nice smoke,Nice smooth lower end mild smoke. Worth the money. Burns even. No bite.
Dominican Cream,3 out of 5,Ok smoke for the price!,Ok smoke for the price!
Don Carlos Edicion de Aniversario,5 out of 5,Ridiculously smooth.... great cigar,Ridiculously smooth.... great cigar
Don Carlos Edicion de Aniversario,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Don Carlos Edicion de Aniversario,5 out of 5,Boom!,Unreal how amazing it was! This is one you can smoke until there is nothing left.
Don Carlos Edicion de Aniversario,5 out of 5,The robusto,⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️🌟⭐️⭐️⭐️+
Don Carlos Edicion de Aniversario,5 out of 5,great cigar,great
Don Carlos Edicion de Aniversario,5 out of 5,Fuente is BEST!,"One of the best Cigars I have had, I love all the Fuente Cigars and will be purchasing more in the near future! Really looking to try the Angel Share next but will be buying more of all the Fuente Cigars including more Don Carlos Edicion de Aniversario Robusto's."
Don Carlos Edicion de Aniversario,5 out of 5,30th anniversary bliss,"This another fantastic offering by the Fuente Family, wonderful right the box and excellent after settling in my humidor for a few days. But, don't take my word get a couple and try for yourself hopefully they well be a few left by the time you realized what a hit you've just discovered. Well, good luck to ya, I already have mine, peace."
Don Carlos Edicion de Aniversario,5 out of 5,Great cigar! Keep them close.,"Consistent smooth smoke
Perfect draw.
Rests well.
Great flavor profile and consistent through."
Don Carlos Edicion de Aniversario,2 out of 5,Improperly aged?,"This cigar was a true let down, as I would have to describe it as stale due to improper storage. I hate to say this - as CI certainly knows what they are doing in the cigar market! It was a very unpleasant smoke, nothing like the wonders I read of in every single review, and this certainly isn't my first rodeo."
Don Diego,5 out of 5,My favorite cigar,My favorite cigar
Don Diego,5 out of 5,Good cigar for the price!,"Good cigar for the price! Mild, nice burn"
Don Diego,4 out of 5,Enjoyable mild smoke,Enjoyable mild smoke
Don Diego,3 out of 5,Good smoke would like to,Good smoke would like to have ordered the larger cigar.
Don Diego,4 out of 5,mild smoke,good cigar mild
Don Diego,5 out of 5,Smooth to the last inch,"""Mellow from start to finish with an even burn. Great for walking the dog on a nice summer day."""
Don Diego,5 out of 5,Super flavor and to my,Super flavor and to my liking-mild.
Don Diego,5 out of 5,An outstanding cigar at a,An outstanding cigar at a reasonable price for those who prefer a smooth mild cigar.
Don Diego,4 out of 5,Breakfast Smoke,"One of my longtime favorite cigars! Perfect for the golf course.
It is extremely well made, has consistent flavors throughout the smoke and hasn't disappointed in over 30 years"
Don Diego,5 out of 5,"Don Diego Lonsdale,",Excellent...Thank you
Don Diego,5 out of 5,Don Diego Corona Major Tubo,"Mild flavor, easy, consistent draw, lots of lush smoke. A calming pleasure."
Don Diego,5 out of 5,Best Mild Smoke,"I’ve been smoking these for years, previously as Playboy brand. Always a dependable and predictable flavor and quality"
Don Diego,5 out of 5,Don Diego Churchill,"My favorite cigar on the golf course. Smooth, burns well, and stays lit."
Don Diego,5 out of 5,Great smoke highly recommend,Great smoke highly recommend
Don Diego,1 out of 5,Don't Buy,"I received one of these in a promotional pack and it was great. I ordered a box and I have had 5 so far and all 5 are terrible, hard draw, bitter tasting...."
Don Diego,1 out of 5,DON't Buy,Harsh hard draw with bitter flavours
Don Diego,4 out of 5,Don Diego Babies,"I smoke Don Diego Lonsdale at home, but when out and about always have a couple babies that fit nicely in my shirt pocket. If weather humid or dry always burns well."
Don Diego,5 out of 5,quick delivery,Cigars arrived in a timely manner
Don Diego,4 out of 5,Don Diego Lonsdale,"Mild, good burn and great with morning coffee,"
Don Diego,5 out of 5,I can’t smoke nothing else,I can’t smoke nothing else don diago is the best
Don Diego,5 out of 5,Great mild cigar,"Well constructed, good burn, great taste."
Don Diego,5 out of 5,Don Diago Robusto,Great Cigar. Try IT
Don Diego,5 out of 5,Don Diego Lonsdale,"A great, mild cigar with an excellent room note."
Don Diego,5 out of 5,Smoke 'em if you got 'em!,"Don Diego Babies are mild and tasty. They are a perfect size for accompanying a glass of George Dickel #8 Tennessee whiskey. They are generally well made, although I did find a couple were loose and smoked poorly. Overall, I would recommend them for a quick mild smoke."
Don Diego,5 out of 5,Great Taste,Middle and smooth. A good long smoke
Don Diego,5 out of 5,Great little cigar,Used to order these alot till Obama raised the cigar tax..Guess I will order once in a while If I get extra overtime pay.
Don Diego,5 out of 5,"My Favorite, can go wrong.","My Favorite, can go wrong. ."
Don Diego,4 out of 5,very good and fresh,Cigars are always fresh nicely hand made and always enjoyable
Don Diego,4 out of 5,Laggy60,"Mild to medium smoke, well constructed with a even burn and nice white ash. Great cigar during and after a round of golf. Would recommend to friends."
Don Diego,5 out of 5,Don Diego Ciagrs,"Awesome cigar, will recommend Don Diego. Lots of smooth smoke mild to the taste. Nice.."
Don Diego,4 out of 5,Don Ds,Very good cigar for the price. Not a favorite and won't order again but OK for what I paid.
Don Diego,5 out of 5,The Don,Smooth mellow any time of the day type of fellow. Simply a mild and pleasant smoke.
Don Diego,5 out of 5,don diego babies,I was most pleased with not only the product but also with the speedy delivery.
Don Diego,5 out of 5,Very nice mild cigar,"Just got the shipment in today, bought a five pack to try out. For novice cigar smokers like myself who really cannot hang with the full bodied cigars and need an everyday mild smoke at a good price, these are for you. Just smoked my first one and was very pleased. The outer wrapper was a bit flaky but a few weeks in humidor will solve that. These will be a staple in my humidor from now on."
Don Diego,5 out of 5,DD Babies,"A great smoke , great blend . It is my old stand by daily stick. Love it"
Don Diego,5 out of 5,Delicious,"Smooth, Creamy, Delicious. One of my favorite cigars."
Don Diego,3 out of 5,Disappointed,I’ve been a long time smoker of the Don Diego Babies & was expecting the same medium color and flavor. Way too mold for me.
Don Diego,4 out of 5,Very Mild,This a very mild cigar. Almost to mild for my taste. It's good for the money. I'd still order again though.
Don Diego,2 out of 5,poorly constructed,"recent experience: uneven burn; plugs; unwrapping.
Used to be a decent small cigar, now it’s a crapshoot."
Don Diego,5 out of 5,Great cigar for the low,"Great cigar for the low price , loved it , would recommend it"
Don Diego,5 out of 5,Mild and Smooth,Mild and smooth. no after taste. good everyday cigar
Don Diego,1 out of 5,Harfie44,I was disappointed with the Don Diego Churchill cigars. Had a funny taste and hard to draw.
Don Felix,5 out of 5,Don Felix Toro,"Good mild smoke, problem is the shipping that CI uses. You'll wait a month before you get your order and they are dried out and stale."
Don Felix,5 out of 5,don felix toro,nice smoke
Don Felix,5 out of 5,Love it,Great Cigar Very happy amazing for the price
Don Felix,5 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth
Don Felix,5 out of 5,Good tasting cigars,Good tasting cigars
Don Felix,5 out of 5,Nice,Nice
Don Felix,3 out of 5,Ok smoke,Ok smoke.
Don Felix,4 out of 5,Good for the price,Good for the price
Don Felix,4 out of 5,Great Price - Good flavor,Shockingly good for a very inexpensive cigar! Nice mild to medium flavor. Could be a daily smoke!
Don Felix,3 out of 5,All were okay for the,All were okay for the price point
Don Felix,5 out of 5,very good,good
Don Felix,5 out of 5,Don Felix Toro,"Pleasant, mild smoke, very satisfying"
Don Felix,5 out of 5,Excellent Garage/Lawn Cigar,"They aren't billed as such but are right up my alley. Couldn't ask for a better Garage/Lawn cigar. I enjoy the quality, flavor, construction, and price."
Don Felix,5 out of 5,My Cigars,"I’ve enjoyed the Don Felix Toro ,they burn evenly and stay Smooth not harsh all the way to the end. Perfect way to end a round of golf."
Don Felix,4 out of 5,Excellent for the price,Excellent for the price
Don Felix,4 out of 5,Good Cigar,An OK smoke for the golf course or yard work. Would probably buy it again.
Don Felix,3 out of 5,Don Felix Toro,Definately not the best I had but it's smokeable. For the price I would rather try the ci knock offs.
Don Felix,4 out of 5,a good decent smoke,a good decent smoke
Don Felix,4 out of 5,Good cigar for the price,Good cigar for the price
Don Felix,5 out of 5,Most excellent,"There was a problem with my order, they called me immediately and gave me an upgrade. They are great."
Don Felix,4 out of 5,"For the price, can’t go wrong","For a very affordable stick, it’s an excellent smoke. Not top-shelf price, so don’t expect exceptional flavor. Easy-going, quick-burning, but all around pleasant. Definite earth notes, smooth finish. Good fishing stick."
Don Felix,4 out of 5,Harry,Good smoke mellow and burns evenly. Good buy.
Don Felix,4 out of 5,"Really nice, mellow smoke.","Really nice, mellow smoke. Good price and value. As good or better than similar type, higher priced cigars."
Don Felix,4 out of 5,good cigar,"good taste, burns well. some wrapper issues but nothing to bad."
Don Felix,4 out of 5,New flavors to savor.,Very smooth easy going cigar. On the end of each draw it taste chewy and sweet. Very different stick and great to relax with.
Don Felix,5 out of 5,Not great but they were,Not great but they were ok..Yes I would buy them again..
Don Felix,5 out of 5,Very good,"very smooth, nice burn, very enjoyable"
Don Felix,3 out of 5,Not bad for the price.,Not bad for the price. You get what you pay for.
Don Felix,3 out of 5,Don Felix Toro,Not a bad cigar for the price.
Don Felix,5 out of 5,Don Felix Toro,best light mild cigar I have had
Don Felix,4 out of 5,Good smoke equal to flor,Good smoke equal to flor de oliva
Don Felix,5 out of 5,Good smoke. Delivered faster than,Good smoke. Delivered faster than expected.
Don Felix,2 out of 5,Strong,Strong and not much flavor. I like a bold cigar with flavor. This one does not.
Don Felix,3 out of 5,Ok cigar,Well constructed but just left me wanting more. I had a feeling this cigar would be simply OK
Don Felix,4 out of 5,Smooth taste,So smooth tasting
Don Felix,5 out of 5,good Cigars at a great,good Cigars at a great price!
Don Felix,5 out of 5,Nice smoke for the price,I purchased these cigars to enjoy over the holidays. I'm glad I did. They are mild and burn is of nice quality. I enjoy them while kicked back relaxing with a bourbon and ginger ale. If you want a really good cigar that won't bust your budget this a good choice.
Don Felix,4 out of 5,Impressed,"Pleasantly surprised and impressed. For the price that was paid, I didn't expect much more that an ""everyday"", ""yard cigar""...what I got was much more!"
Don Felix,3 out of 5,The wrap is too fragile.,"The wrap is too fragile. The burn is inconsistent.
The flavor and aroma are good."
Don Felix,3 out of 5,Ok,It's a stick that like all others does improve with a few months at the proper humidity and temputure. This being a very basic plain flavor it turns into your everyday light wrapper cigar. It's main selling point to me is the price.
Don Felix,5 out of 5,DFC,"Very good draw, excellent flavor, a very good mild smoke overall."
Don Felix,5 out of 5,Great value and great taste,I’ve really enjoyed these Don Felix Toros - they have a great taste and easy draw. Very nice for a week day evening after work. And as usual quick and hassle free shipping. I appreciate the great price price for a nice size bundle.
Don Felix,4 out of 5,Not to bad,Were a little dry had to leave them in humidor for a week just to moisten them up but wasn't to bad
Don Felix,4 out of 5,Taste: Quite good. Burn: Fair.,Taste: Quite good. Burn: Fair. Overall value: Very good
Don Felix,4 out of 5,The cigars have a great,The cigars have a great full taste with a body that holds together for a while
Don Felix,5 out of 5,very good,very good
Don Felix,4 out of 5,GOOD,MILD
Don Felix,3 out of 5,Smokable,These are worth more than a buck apiece. Not a lot more but a smokable yard gar for the money.
Don Felix,5 out of 5,Smooth and good burn,Very smooth cigar with a good burn. Very enjoyable for sitting around and enjoying a cigar that tasted more expensive.
Don Felix,3 out of 5,Don Felix Toro,"Average smoke, after a few weeks in the humidor seemed to burn better."
Don Jesus,3 out of 5,Not bad,Not bad
Don Jesus,5 out of 5,Anytime cigar,"For the price ya can't pass on them,,,,, great service fast service"
Don Jesus,5 out of 5,Good cigars,Good cigars and fast delivery.
Don Jesus,4 out of 5,Good cigar!,For the price. Excellent cigar. Best bundle economy cigar I've found.
Don Jesus,5 out of 5,USEFULWHEN NEED IT,very good in deed
Don Jesus,4 out of 5,Pleasant taste.,Easy draw with a pleasant taste.
Don Jesus,4 out of 5,Pleasant taste.,Easy draw with a pleasant taste.
Don Jesus,5 out of 5,Teacher,"Nice cigar, easy smoke"
Don Jesus,5 out of 5,"Great for the price,good smoke","This is my 3rd purchase,soft yes,but a good smoke,i have found out if you leave them in the humidor for a couple of days and V cut them they turn out alot better. I will purchase again"
Don Jesus,5 out of 5,Smoke...good!,"Not bad. Can't beat the price, either."
Don Jesus,3 out of 5,cool,to soft but great cigar.
Don Jesus,4 out of 5,Great smoke for the the money,There not bad at all . Good for a quick smoke and at a great price. Second time buyer
Don Jesus,3 out of 5,Good cheap cigar,"End cap has much to be desired, learned new cut. Mild, good flavor. I will buy again."
Don Jesus,3 out of 5,Ugly to look at,Ugly as neck but not bad taste wise!! Very surprised
Don Jesus,4 out of 5,You get what you pay for,You get what you pay for. Not a complicated smoke but tolerable. Perfect for groups on deep sea fishing trips
Don Jesus,5 out of 5,Don Jesus?,I smoke Don Jesus. I guess they’re slim coronas. But I always enjoy them. They are just so rich. I enjoy economy cigars because there is no prevention there.
Don Jesus,5 out of 5,Great Garage smokes!!!,"I was really surprised, they are affordable,taste good, light up easy,burns even! I will buy 2 or 3 bundles next time, these are awesome for the garage or yard work, even the casino!"
Don Jesus,4 out of 5,OK for inexpensive cigar. Wish,OK for inexpensive cigar. Wish they'd go on sale and I'd buy again
Don Jesus,4 out of 5,Bang for your buck,These are good sticks but every once in awhile you get one that just unwraps and you can't smoke. But that's expected at the price you pay.
Don Jesus,3 out of 5,ok,ok
Don Jesus,5 out of 5,Don Jesus,Basic Cheap o Cigar-However has a good taste and aroma for the price this is the perfect yardwork cigar.
Don Jesus,4 out of 5,good stick at a incredible,"good stick at a incredible low price, will buy again"
Don Jesus,5 out of 5,"I was impressed, a nice mild smoke...","This is a good smoke for the price. Burns even and has a nice mild taste. I like these for working around the yard and cutting the lawn. They almost taste as good as a Ghurka Warpig but, the Warpig stays solid wright down to the Dog End."
Don Jesus,1 out of 5,About half way thru the,About half way thru the bundle and so far every one has had the wrapper come loose and it goes downhill from there!
Don Jesus,5 out of 5,A Great Cigar!,This is probably my fourth bundle. Don Jesus are very inexpensive but they are a great cigar for the price. If you’ve been on the fence about these cigars give’em a try you’ll enjoy them!
Don Jesus,5 out of 5,"Good taste, good draw, for the price a good buy","The cigars are inexpensive, but the taste and draw are good. They seem to be fresh and moist."
Don Jesus,3 out of 5,Not bad for the price,Not bad for the price
Don Jesus,5 out of 5,This Cigar tastes and burns as good as Bahia Blu sampler I got!!,"Just rec'd these cigars today. I had to cook one up because being from Simsbury,CT (Tobacco Valley) and working one summer threading Connecticut wrapper leaves. Tobacco fields and sheds are all vacant now but, What A Great Tasting Cigar!!! Don't knock these cigars! The wrapper was tight and this cigar burned evenly, a nice mild smoke no harsh bitterness right down to the dog-end!. ..."
Don Jesus,3 out of 5,Worth the price. Ok smoke,"Purchased these for those late nights when having a couple of drinks. Decent smoke, a little bit sweet and absolutely cant beat the price."
Don Jesus,5 out of 5,Cheep but not bad,I’m not a cigar expert in fact Just your average Joe for the money you can’t beat these even better when you get free shipping nothing fancy nothing pretty but a good cheap smoke
Don Jesus,4 out of 5,Review,Big bang for the everyday cigar
Don Jesus,4 out of 5,Pretty good cigar,"I got a pack of these and they weren't bad
Give them a shot"
Don Jesus,4 out of 5,Don Jesus’s maduro,Great cigar I bought this to try and was surprised by the freshness and flavor.
Don Jesus,4 out of 5,Likeable smoke,This is a nice everyday mild cigar. Had no problems with the burn and the flavor is consistent.
Don Jesus,2 out of 5,Very loose. Tobacco comes out,Very loose. Tobacco comes out of cigar into mouth. Taste ok
Don Jesus,4 out of 5,"Inexpensive, not cheap.","A surprise. Inexpensive cigars with a great taste. They burn well, are rolled well, and the consistency is great."
Don Jesus,4 out of 5,Nice cigar for the shop,Nice cigar for the shop
Don Jesus,1 out of 5,cheap,"wrapped to loose, burns to quickly"
Don Jesus,5 out of 5,great value,This purchase was a great value. not a 90+ rated cigar but very nice and easy to smoke
Don Jesus,3 out of 5,good for price,good for price
Don Jesus,4 out of 5,Don Jesus good for the price,"Nice, mellow easy to smoke :)"
Don Jesus,1 out of 5,Don Jesus,Very poor quality of tobacco used. Loosely wrapped and a very bad burner. The taste was very harsh
Don Jesus,5 out of 5,"Smooth smoke, great value!","These were offered as a special promotion. I took a chance based on the reviews of others. They arrived in 3 days - so I fired one up! Fresh, smooth taste, easy burn, great value. I prefer a larger cigar so the size is a bit small - but perfect for a quick smoke!"
Don Jesus,3 out of 5,Don Jesus,The taste is fine. The problem I had was they were very loosely packed.
Don Jesus,5 out of 5,decent smoke,not pricey good for a quick smoke fairly mild good burner
Don Jesus,5 out of 5,Don Jesus Coronas,"Very mild, my husband said. He likes them a lot."
Don Jesus,4 out of 5,Don Jesus Corona,Good for the price!
Don Jesus,5 out of 5,Cigars,My husband really likes them
Don Jesus,5 out of 5,Cigar review,Nice cigar pleasant flavor and a very good draw!
Don Jesus,4 out of 5,Bargain cigar,Golf course or yard work cigar. Keep in bag for borrowers. A hand roll tat costs less than machine is always a bargain.
Don Lino Africa,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar. Great combination.,"The Cameroon binder paired with the Caribbean tobacco, always a win for me."
Don Lino Africa,5 out of 5,Deja vu,"Very close to the original Pepin made Don Lino Africa. I'm very happy A.J. decided to remake this blend. It doesn't taste like anything else out there IMO. Medium bodied, full flavored. An excellent cigar."
Don Lino Africa,5 out of 5,Spectacular cigar!!,"Wonderfuk cigar. Rich, full, yet smooth taste. Got this in a Staff Sampler at the Hamburg, PA retail store. This is my favorite of the 13 cigar sampler so far. In fact, upon consideration, it has leapt into my top 10 favorite cigars. You truly deserve to at least try a 5 pack if not a box. Another AJ masterpiece."
Don Lino Habanitos,5 out of 5,.,My husband loves these little cigars
Don Lino Habanitos,4 out of 5,not bad for a quick cheap smoke,"great quick smoke, a little dry but would purchase again... the box looks nothing like the picture."
Don Lino Habanitos,5 out of 5,Great teast for short smoke,Great teast for short smoke
Don Lino Habanitos,5 out of 5,Great quick smoke,Purchased this cigar for years. A great cigar for a quick smoke.
Don Lino Habanitos,5 out of 5,Quick smoke,I’ve loved them from the first day I tried them
Don Lino Habanitos,5 out of 5,Very nice,Very good
Don Lino Habanitos,5 out of 5,Good little smoke,Great for a quick little smoke. Great flavor
Don Lino Habanitos,5 out of 5,Mini cigars,I love these cigars. They have a smooth taste and the price is great!
Don Lino Habanitos,5 out of 5,elcellent value,elcellent value
Don Lino Habanitos,5 out of 5,Nice Break,Perfect For a Short Smoke Great Price And Individually Wrapped
Don Lino Habanitos,5 out of 5,Awesome little cigar,Good for a quick smoke.They are smooth and I like the flavor . I will buy them again
Don Lino Habanitos,5 out of 5,Great smile,I really enjoy these for a quick smoke. Even with coffee
Don Lino Habanitos,3 out of 5,so-so,not good not bad so-so
Don Lino Habanitos,4 out of 5,Decent quick smoke,"I buy these because they fit perfectly in my S.T, Dupont cigarillo case, which I leave in my car for a quick smoke. Nice medium body. Not boring and not overly peppery. Better than most small smokes I’ve tried."
Don Lino Habanitos,5 out of 5,small smokes,"great smokes,taste great , smoke'm all the time."
Don Lino Habanitos,5 out of 5,Nice and Smooth,"Good burn, good taste & very smooth, 1 tgibg I wish is that they would make these in like a 30 gauge and this would be really a score."
Don Lino Habanitos,5 out of 5,Great short smokes,if you're looking for a short smoke these are the ones you want. Very mellow and individually rapped also. Have been smoking them for years.
Don Lino Habanitos,3 out of 5,Habanitos mini,"Good to start but, about half way starts to taste bad and harsh"
Don Lino Habanitos,4 out of 5,Nice Choice For A Short Smoke,Great taste for a very small cigar. Great for when you want a smoke but don't have time for a larger cigar.
Don Lino Habanitos,5 out of 5,great,enjoyed them thoroughly. hard to keep my co-workers out of them.
Don Lino Habanitos,4 out of 5,Nicotine Backlog,"For sone reason, either my fault or not, some of the cigarillos leek nicotine onto lips, tissues, etc. while others smoke very nice."
Don Lino Habanitos,5 out of 5,They are a great value.,They are a great value. I'll buy more
Don Lino Habanitos,5 out of 5,Quickie,Great little smoke to calm the nerves. Perfect for when you don't want a full smoke but you want a smoke. I smoke mine while I drive to the store or on short errands. My doesn't want me to smoke large cigars all the time so this is a compromise.
Don Lino Habanitos,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Great for a quick smoke. Good for drive to and from work
Don Lino Habanitos,5 out of 5,"Great smoke in every way,have","Great smoke in every way,have to reorder more!"
Don Lino Habanitos,5 out of 5,Don Lino Habanitos Minis,Enjoyable five minutes.
Don Lino Habanitos,5 out of 5,"My ""go to"" little guy","Most little cigars, even ones that purport to be full bodied don't actually deliver. Not these. When I don't have time for a regular, leisurely smoke, Habanitos fit the bill."
Don Lino Habanitos,4 out of 5,Dave,Purchased my second tin of these little guys. The flavor is great and they are perfect for going between fishing spots. I don't have to deal with the big stogie rolling around in the boat.
Don Lino Habanitos,5 out of 5,Mini Cigarillo,Very good taste and mild!
Don Lino Habanitos,5 out of 5,Bold quick smoke,Great smoke if time is limited and you just got to have that smoke
Don Lino Habanitos,5 out of 5,Great smoke,I love this little cigar. Smokes good to and from work
Don Lino Habanitos,4 out of 5,Great little smoke,Great in between or short break smoke.
Don Lino Habanitos,5 out of 5,I like,What's not to like about these little cigars
Don Lino Habanitos,5 out of 5,Great!!,Best prices around!!
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,5 out of 5,The Don in Don Pepin,"Another winner by the master himself, always satisfying with rich aromas"
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,3 out of 5,This cigar is above average,"This cigar is above average with a pleasant taste and burn , I have smoked two in a evening and it was a nice by the pool type smoke - just enough."
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,5 out of 5,A Work of Art in Every Stick.,"Absolutely love it. Ordered a triple 5-pack sampler of Jose Pepin's line. To be fair, I am slightly biased on his brand. Bold and oily, this stick resonates with art. The wrapper is slick and tasty. The binder and fillers are strong in pepper, coffee, and has a wonderful chewiness to it. Fantastic draw of voluminous smoke. If you're like me and read the reviews before you buy: don't be on-the-fence with this one. Go for it. You'll want to add a few of these babies to your collection and share at social gatherings. From the foot to the stub, you'll never get tired of the plethora of compounding flavors that you'll find all the way to the end."
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,5 out of 5,Don Pepin Garcia Blue Generosos,"I've had these before. They are one of my all time favorites! I smoke just one cigar a week so it has to be good and these, as well as the various ""Mr Fathers"" brand, always offers a tremendous full flavor smoke."
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,5 out of 5,Built to Last,"I occasionally put a few sticks away for extensive additional aging just to see how they will fare. Today I fired up a DPG Blue I have been holding since 2011. The smoke was magnificent. All of the strength and spice were still there, but with a balance and smoothness that only time can produce. I usually don't have that much patience, but in this case it really paid off."
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,5 out of 5,Don Pepin Blue,One of my favorites
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,5 out of 5,good for the price,great cigar. the price made it a no brainer. i should have bought more.
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,5 out of 5,Excellent daily smoke!,"Not too strong, not too week,
just right! An Excellent daily smoke!"
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,4 out of 5,Good for the price,Cigar Joe deal.
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,Excellent cigar
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,4 out of 5,Don Pepin Blue,These were ok but not as good as I expected. Not for me at least.
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,4 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,5 out of 5,I love them absolutely marvelous!,I love them absolutely marvelous!
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,3 out of 5,Cigar,A little too full body for my taste but a well made cigar
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,5 out of 5,Don Pepin Garcia Blue,"Has been one of my favorites for many years. Well made, good flavor and an easy draw."
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,5 out of 5,A classic Nicaraguan cigar at a great price.,Deals abound on this cigar if you’re patient. It leaves nothing to be desired if you’re looking for a solidly full cigar.
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,4 out of 5,Will buy again,"Tasty smoke. Lights easy, burns even, good flavor"
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,5 out of 5,Cigar,Very good
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,5 out of 5,Great cigar,This cigar is a great smoke
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,4 out of 5,Enjoyable,Not my favorite but a nice fuller flavored cigar.
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,5 out of 5,A wonderful smoke from a,A wonderful smoke from a great company distributed by my favorite online store. A perfect combo
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,3 out of 5,Good smoke,Very enjoyable with any cocktail.
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,5 out of 5,Pepin García Figars,Exelent
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,4 out of 5,Don Pepin Blue Generosa,"This was a really nice surprise. I love My Father cigars, and didn't realize that this particular cigar was in my sampler pack. It is smooth but hearty, with lots of spicy flavors! The draw on these was a bit tight, though, which is my only criticism. Other than that, this is a wonderful cigar."
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,4 out of 5,Everyday,Great everyday smoke nice even burn good flavor and just enough kick
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,4 out of 5,Don Pepin Garcia,Very fine cigar. Smooth draw. Great taste.
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,5 out of 5,Don Pepin's,My husband loved those cigars
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,4 out of 5,Smooth very good flavor,Smooth very good flavor
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,4 out of 5,Good quality at a good,Good quality at a good price
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,4 out of 5,Tasty to the end!,"As advertised , Don Pepin makes a fine cigar here. Maybe not in it's sister "" My Father''class but still a good smoke."
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,5 out of 5,7 stars!!!,7 stars!!!
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,4 out of 5,My first time trying these.,My first time trying these. They were a good smoke.
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,5 out of 5,Excellent,Love these cigars. . Little pricey but delicious
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,4 out of 5,Great,Great
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,5 out of 5,Poor service,Always out of stock on what I want found a new supplier
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,5 out of 5,Good stick,Good stick
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,5 out of 5,Good cigar,How ever some are a little old and dryer out
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,4 out of 5,One of Torano’s Treasures,A medium to full body cigar. Enjoyable consistent flavor from start to finish.The cigar has a good smoke time length. Well worth purchasing. One of my go to favorites right now
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,5 out of 5,Gaz,"Great cigars, fast delivery"
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,5 out of 5,Don Pepin Blue,"Beautiful dark Corojo wrapper;perfect construction. All the hallmarks of Don Pepin. Full bodied,with spice leather and earth,it’s one of his best. I’ll buy whenever I can afford them. Great cigar."
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,2 out of 5,Don Pepin Garcia Blue Generosos (toro),"Smoked these for years - since they first came out. Doesn't taste anything like I remember them - has a harsh, unrefined bundle cigar quality to it. Disappointed. Explains the deal I got."
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,5 out of 5,excellent stick,great cigar for the price and someone fairly new (2-3 years) to smoking
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,5 out of 5,Don Pepin Blue,Great cigar it is long lasting and great taste one of my favorites!
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,5 out of 5,One of Don Pepin’s finest!,"These are one of my favorites! And to get them at such a discount, you can’t beat them! No disappointment here."
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,5 out of 5,Don Pepin blue,Very good cigar never have been let down on any Don Pepin cigars they make them very good
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,4 out of 5,Pepin Garcia sticks never disappoint.,Pepin Garcia sticks never disappoint.
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,5 out of 5,My go to stick!,"I have been a fan a Don Pepin Garcia for many years. This is one of the cigars I continue to revisit year after year. A very solid cigar, blended nicely. Always delivers."
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,5 out of 5,Great Cigar!!,"This never disappoints. Always a solid stick, burns well & all around great Cigar. Don Pepin is a master!"
Don Pepin Garcia Blue,4 out of 5,solid but not top-tier,solid but not top-tier
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,3 out of 5,Not what I as hoping it to be.,"Decent medium to full smoke. Not as complex as I was hoping for.
The 2nd one I tried to smoke was completely plugged. I understand that happens on occasion, but it’s generally more rare at this price point"
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,5 STAR STICK IMHO,"This was one of the first cigars I purchased from CI being totally ignorant and just experimenting. Pulled one out of my humidor last night & WOW!!!! Perfect draw, delicious rich taste & good down to the nub. This is going to be my go to every day cigar. Couldn't recommend more."
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,4 out of 5,Don Pepin Cuban Classic,Nice smoke.
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,Don pepin garcia,Great daily smoke!
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,Good stuff,They are just great
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,4 out of 5,I wish I could afford this cigar more often,"Great medium to full flavor. I would buy more of these, but my budget will only allow for a five pack once in a while."
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,Don Pepin Cuban Classic,Wow what can I say these are very tasty sticks
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,Great cigars,Great cigars
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,Very good cigar.. nice roll...excellent,Very good cigar.. nice roll...excellent packaging and great taste....
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,4 out of 5,Enjoyed the robust flavor and,Enjoyed the robust flavor and would buy again
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,Powerhouse,"Wow, these things are like M-80 firecrackers. If you like full flavored, full bodied smokes, then please take my advice and try these. Beautifully constructed, the draw is perfect. A must have for me."
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,Great flavor and very smooth,Great flavor and very smooth
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,Very nice,Very enjoyable smoke. Would definitely order them again
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,Don Pepin Garcia Blue,Loved it. One of my favorite choices.
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,4 out of 5,Cuban Classic Don Pepin,"A fine cigar, however not up to the standards of other Pepins. Not as flavorful, but the quality is very good."
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,Consistency,Another delicious Don Pepin gem!!
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,FULL FLAVOR BUT NOT HARSH,"This cigar is a regular in my humidor, if you like a full body smoke that doesn't overpower your taste buds this is the smoke."
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,Beautiful,Beautiful
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,Beautiful smoke,Well done. Lots of depth for a robust. Recommend
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,Always a consistant go to smoke!,These little gems are perfect when you have only 30-45 minutes for a great cigar! You can't go wrong with this classic!
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,4 out of 5,Pepin,Great blend. Good burn. Hint of good spice.
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,It's a Pepin,It's a Pepin
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,Tasty,Very smooth with a nice even burn
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,Super Cigar,Very Rich And strong the ultimate full body City
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,Cuban Classic by Pepin Garcia,One of my all time personal favorites. Everything is excellent from construction to taste. Just excellent!
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,A literal bomb of taste every time I light one!!!
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,Sold performer,"Full, rich flavor, burns evenly, consistent."
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,BIG T FROM HTOWN,"Love this cigar! Great burn all the way through. A strong cigar, with a mild taste. And its goes great with my shine."
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,4 out of 5,Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic 1950 (toro),"The cigar itself was great…. Most burned even, with a delightfully smooth flavor. The first smoke out of the box started to unravel due to dryness, but so far the rest have been fine."
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,3 out of 5,Not bad,Not a good as expected
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,One of my favorites!!
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,Service was fast and product,Service was fast and product was good.
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,dynamite,"My staple, always have these in my humidor, I can never think of a time that this is not the cigar I would reach for, just good all around smoke."
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Excellent!!!
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,Wow! What a pleasant surprise,"I've enjoyed a couple of My Father varieties and figured based on that I might enjoy other Don Pepin products. Through past experiences with other manufacturers though, I'd learned that's not always true. Anyway, with this one I'm glad I pulled the trigger. Very pleasant smoke that instantly reminded me of the Arturo Fuente Hemmingway line. Not over-powering, not too mild. It just struck me as perfect. Construction was flawless, burnt great, and based on the 10-pack I have enjoyed, I'm sure a box will be living in my wineador soon!"
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,These are the cigars you have been looking for.,"I ordered a 5-pack, smoked 2, and knew I needed a box. If you like corojo wrappers and rich flavor without being overwhelmed, this is your perfect match."
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,4 out of 5,Awesome,Awesome
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,Very enjoyable,Very enjoyable
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,Some of the best that,Some of the best that we've had.
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,3 out of 5,Not great,Very ho hum cigar
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,Great sticks,Bought these before and they were fantastic. When another deal came over the wire I didn't hesitate. Really great smoke. Buy them.
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,Jose Garcia truly a Don,Amazing consistency year in and year out.
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic 1979 Robusto,This is by far my favorite cigar of all the different ones I may smoke there is no better satisfaction.
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,excelante,"great build quality, silky-smooth smoke and leaving you desiring another and another and another....."
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Enjoying this little stick at the moment. Great from start to finish.
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,4 out of 5,solid cigar.,Strong but not overbearing. Well balanced. Well made. Would have preferred a Churchill for this blend and a touch easier draw but minor points.
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,Don Pepin Garcia,"Whatever Don Pepin seems to touch is worth smokin. Great taste, burn, smoke, everything. This was a nice deal."
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,Excellent Smoke,"I have yet to taste a Pepin Garcia cigar that I did not like. The flavor, construction and draw is so top notch. Even better than some Cubans that I tried."
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,Jay,Great!!!!
Don Pepin Garcia Cuban Classic,5 out of 5,Outstanding,"This is a tasty gem, ful of rich flavor and satisfying."
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,5 out of 5,JJ,Very nice smoke....one of my top 5
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,5 out of 5,JJ,"One of my favorites, very smooth, good to the end"
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,5 out of 5,Happy,Happy
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,5 out of 5,"Excellent cigar smooth , flavorful","Excellent cigar smooth , flavorful to the end"
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,4 out of 5,Good not great,"The first time I smoked the Serie JJ it was excellent. This batch may need more humidor time. However the further down I smoked it the better and richer the flavors. I'll buy it again but not at list price !"""
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,5 out of 5,Old Reliable,This one is smooth and with a little peppery kick. It never disappoints.
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,3 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,5 out of 5,Jay,Really nice
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,5 out of 5,"cool , long smoke","cool , long smoke"
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,3 out of 5,Ok nothing special,"Burn was uneven and first one smoked had filler/binder issues near mouth of cigar where it protruded into the wrapper. Taste was actually good, just hate the constant relighting issues"
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,5 out of 5,excellent cigar,great deal. great cigar
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,5 out of 5,One of the best,One of my go to's. Can't beat it. Pepin is the man.
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,5 out of 5,Enjoy this one,Never had these before but wanted to get some cigars I never had before to take on vacation with me. This was an excellent smoke from every aspect from construction to taste. A bit strong which I like. This is definitely going to be in my rotation from now on.
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,4 out of 5,Just what you would expect.,Just what you would expect. Peppery goodness
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,4 out of 5,Good but not strong enough,I like the creamy flavor and the burn but wish that the blend will have more complexity. Still a great cigar
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,5 out of 5,Great Stick!,"I'd tried the Serie JJ a while ago at my local cigar shop. I enjoyed it so much that I had to get more, and this pack fit the bill. It starts off with some spice and pepper, but mellows out to leather, earth, and just a hint of chocolate. You won't be sorry you picked these up!"
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,5 out of 5,Smoothest Draw ever,This Cigar is the highest quality. The smoothest draw ever. The first third starts off kinda plain(for a Pepin) then the flavor kicks in all the way to the end. Fantastic Cigar
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,4 out of 5,Good smoke with a slow,Good smoke with a slow burn and great draw. Flavor hits with a lot of spice. Would recommend for more full bodied cigar smokers
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,3 out of 5,Don Pepin Garcia,Have only smoked one so far. Easy draw. Little hot.
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,5 out of 5,Yup!!,Simply put....as advertised. #JJ 😎
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,4 out of 5,Classic!,DPG is da man! His blends are off the chart and this one is no different. A true classic!
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,5 out of 5,Bob,Very good consistent flavor throughout slowly enjoyed smoke. Nice burn made for a very relaxing easy draw with full bodied flavor.
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"Very impressive smooth smoke plenty of flavor. Hard to beat, especially for the price."
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,4 out of 5,Quality smoke,"Only gave 4star because flavor is not what I expected from pepin. Well constructed, good burn, good draw, lacks flavor! The Blacks and Blues are much better. Overall though good smoke!"
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,4 out of 5,Another solid Pepin showing,"The Serie JJ is a bit different from the other Pepin sticks. It has some of the classic attributes - the great construction, copious amounts of smoke, but where it differentiates itself is in the flavor. This tastes a bit different than the other DPG's, and it does so in a really great way. I loved the flavor and the spicy taste left me licking my lips for more. An easy 45-60 minute smoke that won't disappoint. I'd buy it again and happily hand them out to full powered cigar smokers anytime."
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,5 out of 5,They are as stunning as May West wit!,"I enjoyed the light and it is a smooth draw, with light tease of flavor that just dances upon your tongue!"
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,4 out of 5,One of the best!,Serie JJ Belicoso has been one of the best and most consistent cigars for years. Tops my list of Don Pepin favorites.
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,5 out of 5,Great blend of flavor,"This stick never fails to produce an interesting array of flavors--mellow tobacco, caramel, bread and then punctuated with spice, baking spices and then mellowing back to caramel and chocolate. A real treat!"
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,5 out of 5,Great blend,"Beautiful craftsmanship, with a smooth and flawless corojo wrapper. Starts off with a blast of pepper, but settles down nicely to a flavorful smoke with an even burn. Moderate complexity and a medium-full strength stick. Very well crafted Nicaraugan puro from Don Pepin Garcia."
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,5 out of 5,Puffin Pepin,Slightly strong until you get used to it. Kinda like sippin' whiskey. I would like to order more but it's Christmas.
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,5 out of 5,Fantastic!,"I had never had the pleasure of the Serie JJ... what a fantastic smoke.
I think I'll go have one right now, in fact!"
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,4 out of 5,"Great flavor, good stick!","Peppery flavor at the beginning, nice even burn, enjoyable to the end."
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,3 out of 5,"They weren't bad, a little","They weren't bad, a little stronger/harsher than I like."
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,4 out of 5,Awesome Smoke,A great cigar. I have no idea about any more recent 'releases' but I've had these in Humidor for many years.
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,5 out of 5,Excellent as usual!,Excellent as usual!
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,5 out of 5,A great cigar,One of the best cigars on the planet. Nutty caramel and great aroma.
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,5 out of 5,Good cigar,"Good flavor, not too strong"
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,5 out of 5,Excellent stogie,"This cigar is the one of my personal favorites. Perfect construction, excellent complexity. One of my favorites in the DPG line. Highly recommend this cigar to any Don pepin fan."
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,5 out of 5,Esquisite cigar,This cigar has the wow factor!... It has a wonderful blend of flavors. Don Pepin does it again. Excellent cigar to keep in the humidor.
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,5 out of 5,"Mmm, good!","This cigar is so good that you want to eat it!....Hints of caramel and coffee, with a delicious finish on the palate. These are a must for my humidor. A great cigar indeed. It will make you go past the nub. I couldn't put it down. Very tasty. I hurried to order more."
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,5 out of 5,"Great cigar, one of the best.","Absolutely great taste with a sweet tobacco finish. It is delicious! This cigar is one of the best in the DPG lineup. Good throughout. I must get a box of these goodies. Very enjoyable, indeed."
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,5 out of 5,A great cigar,This is one of my favorite cigars. A hint of sweetness and all the right balance in flavor. DPG never disappoints me. I love the whole line. This excellent cigar is great tasting and it has a great presentation. I have to get a box of these babies.
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,5 out of 5,Don Pepin series J,"My Favorite cigar, especially at this price. Beats the more expensive competition hands down."
Don Pepin Garcia Series JJ,5 out of 5,Don Pepin Garcia rocks,"Serie JJ Sublime Belicoso is an all time favorite that is sure to please. Quality construction - consistent burn and a satisfying flavor is assured. From the first light to the last inch, I savor every puff. Very deserving of the 90+ ratings and it remains a favorite even when stacked up against the Padron Anniversary, Tatuaje Miami, and the the many varieties of the high end My Father cigars."
Don Rafael Brasil #57 Robusto,5 out of 5,Good cigar slow burn great,Good cigar slow burn great price.
Don Rafael Brasil #57 Robusto,4 out of 5,Not bad,Not a bad little smoke the aroma of the stick its self smells like hay takes about 1 hour to smoke nice mild flavors not to harsh. Good little stick for the price
Don Rafael Brasil #57 Robusto,4 out of 5,"Good, but not great..","Nice little cigar, nice aroma and flavor, but burn way too fast. Wish these come in a larger ring size and length. A Gordo size (6X60) would be a perfect size for these."
Don Rafael Connecticut,4 out of 5,Great while Golfing,"Very smooth, easy smoke!"
Don Rafael Connecticut,5 out of 5,Worth it,"Great every day cigar. Smooth, well made, great with a coffee."
Don Rafael Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good cigar for any time.,Good cigar for any time.
Don Rafael Connecticut,5 out of 5,EXCELLENT CIGAR,EXCELLENT CIGAR
Don Rafael Connecticut,5 out of 5,Best for the price.,Worth every penny. Hands down the best cigar for the price.
Don Rafael Connecticut,4 out of 5,Don Rafael Connecticut Toros,A very pleasant and affordable mild cigar. I enjoy evey one.
Don Rafael Connecticut,5 out of 5,Don Rafael CT goodness,This is my favorite all-around cigar. They are Perfect out of the box and they keep for a long time with a humidor. Light smooth good taste.
Don Rafael Connecticut,5 out of 5,Awesome Deal,"Ever since I first ordered these cigars which is close to 20 years now, I can honestly say that each smoke was a great smoke. Good consistent burn with hardly any re-lights, always a long solid ash and easy on the wallet. I highly recommend."
Don Rafael Connecticut,4 out of 5,Nice cigar for the,Nice cigar for the
Don Rafael Connecticut,5 out of 5,Excellent inexpensive cigar.,Excellent inexpensive cigar.
Don Rafael Connecticut,4 out of 5,One of the best values,One of the best values around
Don Rafael Connecticut,4 out of 5,average,average
Don Rafael Connecticut,4 out of 5,Don Rafael,Churchill's burn nicely. Good value for an everyday cigar.
Don Rafael Connecticut,5 out of 5,Good,"I enjoyed them very much.
For the price cant beat it"
Don Rafael Connecticut,4 out of 5,Not perfect but pretty darn good.,I liked the way they smoked. Good on taste and finish with a mild to medium body. The price was right and CI's delivery has picked back up since the shutdown. I'll order them again.
Don Rafael Connecticut,5 out of 5,awsome,awsome
Don Rafael Connecticut,4 out of 5,👍,👍
Don Rafael Connecticut,4 out of 5,Don Rafael Connecticut,Good cigar for those who favor Connecticuts. Gets you through when you want a change of pace from Maduros and you're just barbequeing or mowing the lawn.
Don Rafael Connecticut,5 out of 5,Best cigar for the money,Best cigar for the money
Don Rafael Connecticut,5 out of 5,Smooth smoke,Great smoke for the price. Even burn. Mild with a good smooth finish.
Don Rafael Connecticut,4 out of 5,Please take Price Point,"I really enjoyed the cigar. Everyone of them smoked really well with little effort to get a good pull. They also burn evenly. Smooth and mild, very pleasant aftertaste. I did not detect any bitterness when the cigar was burned down to 2”. Yes I would buy them again"
Don Rafael Connecticut,4 out of 5,Almost all are what you,"Almost all are what you would expect, a few don't burn well."
Don Rafael Connecticut,3 out of 5,Decent cigar for the money,Decent cigar for the money
Don Rafael Connecticut,5 out of 5,The Don,Excellent cigar. Usually it's my preferred smoke when I'm out golfing.
Don Rafael Connecticut,5 out of 5,Chris hunger,Chris hunger
Don Rafael Connecticut,5 out of 5,Smooth,nice smoke
Don Rafael Connecticut,5 out of 5,Good everyday smoke.,Good everyday smoke.
Don Rafael Connecticut,5 out of 5,Very good for the price,"Very good for the price , i would buy them again"
Don Rafael Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great value for daily smoke,Great value for daily smoke
Don Rafael Connecticut,3 out of 5,Nice wrap. I fill the,Nice wrap. I fill the tobacco could be a little tighter. Hard to get a nice draw regardless of cut
Don Rafael Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great Everyday Cigar,"My every day cigar. Nice burn, good draw, consistent. Smoked 'em for many years. Great value."
Don Rafael Connecticut,4 out of 5,No pretenses,"Solid everyday smoke. In my regular rotation. Good burn, decent price."
Don Rafael Connecticut,5 out of 5,Good Cigar,"t
The Cigar burned evenly until the end. It was the first time I smoked these cigars."
Don Rafael Connecticut,4 out of 5,#97 Gordo,"Lesser quality than anticipated. Tightly, but poorly, packed. Burned very unevenly, even though evenly lit. Not sure i would purchase again."
Don Rafael Connecticut,5 out of 5,Scotch or Champagne its a PERFECT smoke!,Fantastic cigar for the afternoon glass of Moet. Pairs really well with the Glenlivet 14 as well. Only smoked two of them but ordered another box just in case!
Don Rafael Connecticut,4 out of 5,Don Rafael's a good choice,This cigar is mild with a good taste and smell. Lasts long and is not heavy to take in.
Don Rafael Connecticut,4 out of 5,Terrific Mild Cigar,"The Connecticut #57 Robusto has been my preferred casual daily smoke for more than 10 years - mild, easy draw, affordable and enjoyed by friends."
Don Rafael Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great cigar,The right price and delivered quickly.
Don Rafael Connecticut,4 out of 5,A fine cigar,A fine cigar
Don Rafael Connecticut,5 out of 5,Rating,Easy to work with
Don Rafael Connecticut,5 out of 5,Affordable cigar,Affordable cigar
Don Rafael Connecticut,5 out of 5,Smoking good deal!!,I enjoy a long lasting cigar on the golf course. This is a great one for the price !!
Don Rafael Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good affordable cigar,Good affordable cigar
Don Rafael Connecticut,4 out of 5,Enjoyable - Inexpensive,This is a good smoke that does not require a second mortgage.
Don Rafael Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great value,"The #87 Don Rafael is a good, even smoke"
Don Rafael Connecticut,4 out of 5,They are ok but not,They are ok but not worth the money
Don Rafael Connecticut,5 out of 5,5 star,5 star
Don Rafael Connecticut,4 out of 5,Quite Good,Quite good.
Don Rafael Connecticut,5 out of 5,Everyday Smoke,Fantastic everyday smoke. Sometimes the roll is a little too tight; but this is very easy to fix by poking a paperclip down the center to loosen it up.
Don Rafael Connecticut,5 out of 5,Excellent Light Cigar,Great smoke with smooth cream flavor
Don Rafael Ecuador,5 out of 5,Agood smoke for the money,Agood smoke for the money
Don Rafael Ecuador,5 out of 5,DR- Ecuador,These sticks are exceptional for the amount you pay for them. At times a little more spice/pepper comes thru but over all they are perfect for great conversation and killing some time on the front porch!
Don Rafael Ecuador,5 out of 5,"Don Rafael, a Great daily smoker!!","Great value, burns even, mild flavor. Lots of smoke. An every day cigar!!"
Don Rafael Ecuador,3 out of 5,I DIDN'T ENJOY IT AS,I DIDN'T ENJOY IT AS OTHER CIGARS TO MILD
Don Rafael Ecuador,5 out of 5,Don Rafael Ecuador,"Just took another stick from my humidor, it´s even better now!"
Don Rafael Ecuador,5 out of 5,Candy,I will definitely buy these bad boys again!
Don Rafael Gold,5 out of 5,Nice!,great shorty!
Don Rafael Gold,5 out of 5,the best value,the best value
Don Rafael Gold,5 out of 5,Don Rafael Gold,Very good tasting cigar
Don Rafael Gold,4 out of 5,value,For the money it is hard to beat
Don Rafael Gold,4 out of 5,good smoke,For the price they are a great smoke. Not harsh or bitter. My new regular
Don Rafael Gold,4 out of 5,Ok....,"Really like the Don Rafael Connecticut so I figured I would give these a try since they were ""flavored"". Not bad something different."
Don Rafael Gold,4 out of 5,Value with Taste,"This cigar was a surprise for me. I thought it might be bolder considering the dark wrapper. But, I was pleasantly surprised with the medium body on first draw and the sweet aftertaste! I would certainly recommend this cigar to anyone looking for an everyday smoke at a very nice price point."
Don Rafael Gold,4 out of 5,Very nice for a low,Very nice for a low cost cigar
Don Rafael Gold,5 out of 5,Great flavor,Continued flavor from the tip throughout the smoke. Mild flavor. Correct gauge
Don Rafael Gold,5 out of 5,an excellent cigar for the,an excellent cigar for the price! good flavor and most importantly: easy draw
Don Rafael Gold,5 out of 5,Very good Ciger,Very good Ciger
Don Rafael Gold,4 out of 5,Nice cigar for the money,"Great cigar for a daily smoke. Smooth, nice burn and draw....can't complain!"
Don Rafael Gold,5 out of 5,Smooth not bitter,Smooth not bitter
Don Rafael Gold,4 out of 5,Don,And smoking these for a little while. Very good but I am getting tired of the sweet stuff. Will be ordering different
Don Rafael Gold,4 out of 5,A good backyard cigar,A good backyard cigar
Don Rafael Gold,5 out of 5,Nice Smoke,Starts off with a sweet taste and then turns to a mild flavor after that.
Don Rafael Gold,4 out of 5,Not too bad,"Good value for an inexpensive smoke- consistent draw, a little canoeing here and there but overall not bad"
Don Rafael Gold,5 out of 5,All I can say its,All I can say its the best 👌
Don Rafael Gold,5 out of 5,My preferred smoke.,Great mild cigar.
Don Rafael Gold,5 out of 5,Great Price and Smoke!!,Great cigar! Burns nicely and good aroma!!
Don Rafael Gold,4 out of 5,"Good smoking cigar, mild, burns","Good smoking cigar, mild, burns through the entire smoke, good aroma"
Don Rafael Gold,5 out of 5,Gold Churchill by Don Rfael,These cigars are mild and relaxing. They leave no after taste. The wife likes the aroma.
Don Rafael Gold,4 out of 5,Don Rafeal Gold,First time I've had a Don Rafael. I was duly impressed!! Nice flavor with an even draw. I really liked the sweetened tip. Good price too. Will be ordering more.
Don Rafael Gold,5 out of 5,good everyday smooth cigar,good everyday smooth cigar
Don Rafael Gold,5 out of 5,Special and Everyday,This little baby here is a joy for everyday and on special occassions. Smooth tastey and nice burning. That says it all.
Don Rafael Gold,4 out of 5,Enjoy them,Enjoy them
Don Rafael Gold,4 out of 5,fair cigar,nice mild taste but doesn't burn well. Wont buy again
Don Rafael Gold,5 out of 5,Sleeper Cigar,"Great medium bodied cigar- plenty of flavor but no bite.
What a deal!"
Don Rafael Gold,5 out of 5,Great!,Very smooth smoke.
Don Rafael Gold,5 out of 5,whats with the tax on,whats with the tax on order?
Don Rafael Gold,5 out of 5,Reasonable Price - Good Taste,I love the Don Rafael Gold’s sweet wrapper and light taste. Good cigar for a reasonable price.
Don Rafael Gold,4 out of 5,"Mild, every day cigar","Decent cigar for everyday smoking. Mild, with a sweet tip. For the money pretty good."
Don Rafael Gold,4 out of 5,Very Nice Good Value,I enjoyed the DR Gold robusto. Fuller in body than most Don Rafael yet keeps the smoothness I expect. The cap is sugary and wears off quickly. It is not a flavored cigar. Toasty nutty spice with a nice peppery feel but not overwhelming. Draw and burn were fine. A nice chestnut brown wrapper. I bought a box here at CI that came with a promo 12 toro sampler. They are aging well. I will smoke the rest and buy more. Try them ... they're good.
Don Rafael Gold,4 out of 5,Good for a sweet cigar.,"I don't usually like sweetened cigars, but these are good. Unlike other sweets, these utilize decent tobacco, and don't rely on the sweetener to mask inferior qualities."
Don Rafael Gold,5 out of 5,"Don Rafael Gold Toro,",Good Cigar
Don Rafael Gold,5 out of 5,Love these,For price. My favorite smoke. Never disappoint
Don Rafael Gold,5 out of 5,Don Rafael Gold,Good cigars at a fair price
Don Rafael Gold,5 out of 5,A favored everyday cigar.,A favored everyday cigar.
Don Rafael Gold,5 out of 5,Great taste..really smooth,I bought them for my husband and he loves them. Will order more.
Don Rafael Gold,5 out of 5,Exelent,My every day cigar
Don Rafael Gold,4 out of 5,Great everyday cigar,Regis is a sweet mild smoke that you can afford to smoke every day
Don Rafael Gold,5 out of 5,First time ordering the Don,"First time ordering the Don Raf’s gold Churchill’s - wow, wow, wow!! Great smoke - didn’t want to stop!! Great cigar - great buy!!"
Don Rafael Gold,4 out of 5,Pure Gold,Very good smoke for a little bit of money. Will buy them again.
Don Rafael Gold,5 out of 5,Sweetened cap,"Intense initial sweetness fades quickly . Good burn, draw."
Don Rafael Gold,5 out of 5,Smooth smoke.,Smooth smoke.
Don Rafael Gold,5 out of 5,Good smoke,A grey stood and tasty cigar.I like it and enjoying.
Don Rafael Gold,5 out of 5,Cigar,"The cigar is great the draw is perfect and the tast is also great
I will order more in future"
Don Rafael Gold,5 out of 5,Don Rafael,I like them but that's not the one I order I always get nickarcasnum77 if your back order I get the Connecticut num77
Don Rafael Gold,5 out of 5,good smoke,great stick with good flavor. put together very well and burns consistently for the full smoke. also the freebees were excellent. I'm not a full flavor smoker but they were very tasty and not too harsh.
Don Rafael Gold,4 out of 5,Joe,A decent smoke.
Don Rafael Italia,5 out of 5,Italia,Medium - Full body: don't be fooled. A wonder smoke on the course.
Don Rafael Italia,4 out of 5,Karl G.,This has a pleasant leathery taste. This is my top choice from the Don Rafael international selections. Well worth trying.
Don Rafael Italia,5 out of 5,Dark Chocolate and Coffee,This is stop number 5 exploring the free Don Rafael international sampler I received with a box purchase here at CI. So far so good. The wrapper is golden. It is well rolled with a good draw. Burns slow cool and even. It has a medium body but still is very smooth. Tastes of coffee and dark chocolate. Worth a try.
Don Rafael Italia,4 out of 5,Italia,"Not bad, in fact they got better as the aged in my humidor. Wish they had 6x60’s"
Don Rafael Italia,5 out of 5,"Try it, you will like it!","Great cigar for the price...if you like Italian tobacco, which I do, these Cigars will do you right!"
Don Rafael Italia,5 out of 5,Il cigarro è stato eccellente,Tried one from the sample pack and HAD to order the whole box!
Don Rafael Italia,3 out of 5,Decent,I expexted darker wrapper (to match foto) and more flavor.
Don Rafael Italia,5 out of 5,Italia,Awesome...great smoke.
Don Rafael Italia,3 out of 5,Don Rafael Italia 57 Robusto,"It’s ok ,but nothing that really excites I will say they burn well & hold a nice ash. not too strong, but again nothing that stands out."
Don Rafael Maduro,4 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Don Rafael Maduro,4 out of 5,Don Rafael Maduro #97,It wasn't a bad cigar but it wasn't a good cigar. It was worth the price I paid.
Don Rafael Maduro,5 out of 5,I’ll buy it again,Fine cigar. Surprising value
Don Rafael Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,Great cigar!
Don Rafael Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Buy,I enjoy these a lot. Great smoke for sitting out by the pool. I have had sticks that cost more and are not as good as these. I have bought these multiple times and never disappointed.
Don Rafael Maduro,3 out of 5,"Meh, it's something to smoke..",This stick is as unremarkable as its price indicates. Frankly I expected more of a Victor Sinclair product even in the affordable line. Glad I only ordered on box.
Don Rafael Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke for any occasion,Great smoke for any occasion
Don Rafael Maduro,5 out of 5,Waiting for del,Excellent smoke
Don Rafael Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent Smoke,"Nicely packed, smokes tight and burns evenly for the entire time. Will definitely purchase again!!!"
Don Rafael Maduro,3 out of 5,ok cigar,pretty good
Don Rafael Maduro,5 out of 5,Don Rafael,Treat every day cigar.
Don Rafael Maduro,5 out of 5,They where very good,They where very good
Don Rafael Maduro,5 out of 5,Well worth the current price for a box,"This has become one of my favorites. Great smoke, burns very even and long."
Don Rafael Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Mild Flavor!,"Nicely packed, easy draw, smooth mild flavor. If you like Dark Sharks, you will like these."
Don Rafael Maduro,3 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth
Don Rafael Maduro,5 out of 5,Well worth the current price for a box,"These were a pleasant surprise. Very nice cigar, easy draw, good flavor and aroma. I recommended to a friend for purchase."
Don Rafael Maduro,4 out of 5,Solid cigar,"Definitely a main stay in the humidor, good solid smoke"
Don Rafael Maduro,3 out of 5,Don Rafael maduro,"Good stick for the golf course, especially for the price."
Don Rafael Maduro,4 out of 5,"Good every day cigar, good","Good every day cigar, good draw, good mild flavor."
Don Rafael Maduro,5 out of 5,Dandy!,good smoke
Don Rafael Maduro,5 out of 5,Great!,This is exactly what I was looking for in taste. Easy on the palate.
Don Rafael Maduro,4 out of 5,Don Rafael,"This is a very good smoke. I like to smoke a cigar while playing golf and this one lasts burns evenly, stays lit and lasts 9 holes."
Don Rafael Maduro,4 out of 5,Don Rafael Maduro #67 Churchill,"Great taste, nice draw and stays lit!"
Don Rafael Maduro,5 out of 5,smooth,smooth great cigar very affordable taste great
Don Rafael Maduro,4 out of 5,the don,"for a budget smoke, these are great. they have earned a permanent home in my humidor. not 1 problem with any of them. by far my best everyday smoke."
Don Rafael Maduro,5 out of 5,enjoyable,enjoyable
Don Rafael Maduro,5 out of 5,waneswld,Love this a smooth and tasty cigar for a great price. I am hooked.
Don Rafael Maduro,3 out of 5,Don Rafael,"It’s not a bad cigar for the price. It’s not as heavy and dense as the premium brands, but for the price it’s a good daily smoker."
Don Rafael Maduro,4 out of 5,my review;,"not my favorite , but still a good smoke"
Don Rafael Maduro,5 out of 5,Don Rafael,My favorite cigar for the price....
Don Rafael Maduro,3 out of 5,Good stogie for the price,Good stogie for the price but the butt end tends to come apart half way through
Don Rafael Maduro,4 out of 5,John Ash,Very enjoyable
Don Rafael Maduro,4 out of 5,Don Rafeal,I didn't get the freebies with my order. The sampler.
Don Rafael Maduro,5 out of 5,Good Cigar,Good quality and great value for the money!
Don Rafael Maduro,4 out of 5,Smooth smoke,This was a very good smoke but I would have preferred a stronger cigar. Great for the money.
Don Rafael Maduro,3 out of 5,Average.,Average.
Don Rafael Maduro,5 out of 5,Good smoke at a good price,Very smooth smoke. Mild. Very enjoyable.
Don Rafael Maduro,4 out of 5,Don Rafael,Don Rafael
Don Rafael Maduro,4 out of 5,smooth,smooth
Don Rafael Maduro,5 out of 5,Enjoying this cigar. Tried Don,"Enjoying this cigar. Tried Don Rafael first time, not disapointed."
Don Rafael Maduro,5 out of 5,Don Rafael Maduro,Always an excellent cigar.
Don Rafael Maduro,4 out of 5,Very good smoke for the,Very good smoke for the price!!!!
Don Rafael Maduro,4 out of 5,Good cigar,"These don Raphaels are a nice addition to my humidor. Medium full flavor and very smooth. For the price, they can't be beat."
Don Rafael Maduro,5 out of 5,Respect the Don,These are a really good smoke! A great everyday cigar at a value price!
Don Rafael Maduro,4 out of 5,I like them very much,I like them very much and if the price is coming down I will order them again
Don Rafael Maduro,5 out of 5,Good smoke.,Great everyday cigar. Light it up burn is straight as an arrow. Satisfying
Don Rafael Maduro,2 out of 5,Don Rafael,They are too small. May enjoy more if they were bigger.
Don Rafael Maduro,5 out of 5,I was very pleased with,I was very pleased with the purchase..For the price it's a good smoke..
Don Rafael Maduro,2 out of 5,Don't stay lite or burn,Don't stay lite or burn evenly. Not enjoying them at all. I guess one gets what they pay for.
Don Rafael Maduro,5 out of 5,Great burn,Great burn
Don Rafael Nicaragua,4 out of 5,great,The best this Don has to offer. Great smoke for the money. Flavorful but never harsh. Construction is almost always on. Great for around the yard or on the course.
Don Rafael Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Good burn,Good burn
Don Rafael Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great Smole,Burns well smooth smoke great draw excellent burn.This stick is a great cigar and for the price I’m stoking my humidor . Don’t hesitate stock up.
Don Rafael Nicaragua,3 out of 5,Larrys,This is not a champagne cigar. It’s just a cigar that works and at this price I would keep buying.
Don Rafael Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Don Rafael Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Great every day smoke!,Great every day smoke!
Don Rafael Nicaragua,4 out of 5,3 1/2 *,"More like 3 1/2 stars. Pretty tasty but not overly flavorful, Very earthy, if dry, straw like taste."
Don Rafael Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great cigar would buy again.,Great cigar would buy again.
Don Rafael Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Great smoke,Smooth
Don Rafael Nicaragua,4 out of 5,"Good cigars , nice price","Good cigars , nice price"
Don Rafael Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Mild And Tasty For 2 Bucks,"A good smoke for around 2 dollars. Has a golden wrapper. Mild and smooth. Well rolled good draw. Burned slow cool and even. Nice flavors of coffee, nuts and toasty bread. CI runs great deals and I got a beautiful 12 cigar international Churchill sampler as a promo along with my box. I shop around and they have some of the best deals right here at CI."
Don Rafael Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great stick,I smoke about 25 cigars a week. It’s had to smoke a good quality cigar without going broke. So I buy supplement my quality cigars with bundles. The Don Rafael Nicaragua is a 5 star smoke at a bundle price. Excellent stick! 👍⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
Don Rafael Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Overall satisfaction,Nice firm cigar with a pleasing taste and aroma. Will certainly buy again when they become available.
Don Rafael Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Good smoke for the money,Good smoke for the money
Don Rafael Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Fairly Consistent smoke,Good flavor and a consistent draw. Not my favorite but better than a lot I've had at this price range.
Don Rafael Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Don Rafael Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Don Rafael,"I like them, I was surprised at the flavor, toasty, hint of coffee, pretty good.
Worth the money to get these"
Don Rafael Nicaragua,4 out of 5,The Don,"D R was a mild smoke good tasting cigar , I plan on buying again ."
Don Rafael Nicaragua,3 out of 5,Enjoyable,Enjoyable
Don Rafael Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Gotta love the Don!,I enjoy anything Don Rafael makes. For the money it's hard to beat these cigars. Taste great. Burns even. Easy draw. Love them.
Don Rafael Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Great cigar for price,"Mild smoke, same throughout except for a little harsh at the end. Hard to beat the flavor for that price."
Don Rafael Nicaragua,5 out of 5,this is a very fine,this is a very fine cigar at a budget price-- flavorful and smooth
Don Rafael Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Salmones well,The only comentarios is that the comer sedas a bit Dr y and tus italianos pelas easily
Don Rafael Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Didn’t get the ones I,Didn’t get the ones I ordered they were returned without any explanation
Don Rafael Nicaragua,4 out of 5,They are quite variable (inconsistent),Overall I like these. I would buy again. I have had better boxes than this one but considering the price I am still good with these.
Don Rafael Nicaragua,3 out of 5,Don Rafael Nicaragua #87 Torpedo,"Much better than cornsilk rolled in newspaper. Still, not sure why it was represented as Medium-Full flavor, as it didn't have very much. Sorta disappointing."
Don Rafael Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Don Rafel Nicaragua,"Hate to rate a cigar I like. Others try it and then I either can't afford it or its backordered. So with that being said this cigar is really ""terrible""."
Don Rafael Nicaragua,1 out of 5,looks are deceiving,my size for cigars. look good. good packaging. but find them dry. outer wrap keeps peeling away so very disappointed at this purchase.
Don Rafael Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Don Rafael,"Good smoke burns evenly, not strong but a good medium taste. Very likeable as I smoke one or two a day."
Don Rafael Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Some cigars burned uneven and,Some cigars burned uneven and some went out halfway down.
Don Rafael Nicaragua,3 out of 5,Cigar of the month,I thought the draw was a bit hard and flavor lacking but my friends like them . They thought the cigar had good flavor.They actually want to order more. I guess it is me.My friends recommend them.
Don Rafael Nicaragua,2 out of 5,You get what you pay for,It burns
Don Rafael Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Don Rafael Nicarguans,"Fantastic cigar, well made, long ash, burns smoothly and evenly. CI is a great company, prompt, always in stock (not like another on line cigar site), great ""diversity""of choices, good prices, rapid delivery. Highly recco. and that from a long time loyal consumer. Keep up the great work."
Don Rafael Nicaragua,3 out of 5,The DonRaphel cigar,Good smoke light crisp okay taste nice cigar would like a stronger leather taste then this would be a great cigar
Don Rafael Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Great cigar for the price!,Great cigar for the price!
Don Rafael Nicaragua,5 out of 5,JW in Georgia,"Good every day smoke. Burns well, holds a good ash, medium body flavor
all the way to the end."
Don Rafael Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Nice mild,Nice mild
Don Rafael Nicaragua,4 out of 5,The Don with the smoothest taste,"The Don is a Excellent cigar a very smooth taste to the pallet, I would recommend all to experience the Don Raphael 👌🏾"
Don Rafael Nicaragua,5 out of 5,A solid effort from Don Rafael,"These are a decent smoke, price point be darned. As a fan of Nicaraguan cigars, the low cost brought me in to see if I could use them as a ""daily"". They more than fill the bill! Zesty and subtle at the same time, spice is undeniable with loads of flavor. The construction is on point, burning evenly, and really billows clouds of smoke. Quite the charmer! Top shelf to impress your friends? Nah. Sit back after a day at work with your feet up? Yeah."
Don Rafael Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great Everyday Smoke,"I have now ordered three boxes of Don Raphael because, for me, they are a great everyday smoke. They meet my budget and they are a good smooth smoke!"
Don Rafael Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great everyday smoke!,"I've been buying the Don Rafael Maduro for years, so I decided to try the Nicaragua #97. It's fantastic, and the Gordo size is perfect !"
Don Rafael Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Arganese Corona,"A quality robusto, which you would expect to pay much more for, this corona offers a wholesome wrapper that is semi-oily and slightly veiny. Cap and wrapper are of good construction and do not unravel when cut or while smoking; the somewhat large label comes off easily as well. The cigar is just right to the touch, not too hard nor soft, and the ash indicates it to be a quality smoke.
The burn is neither too fast nor slow and happily, the cigar never requires re-lighting, but rather it provides a steady draw all the way through, with light and even smoke. It is definitely a full-bodied cigar, very peppery, which someone may construe as somewhat harsh. It has nuances of leather and cocoa and I would recommend it to those who enjoy a stronger smoke. Definitely a good bargain."
Don Rafael Nicaragua,2 out of 5,Not the best from an otherwise solid lineup of low-cost smokes,"I bought two 20-pack samplers of Don Rafael smokes earlier this year. While the Gold churchills are my favorite of the bunch. (Love the sweetened tip - which is a style used in Western Cuba, in the Pinar del Rio area.) and the Connecticuts are a straight down the middle mild and tasty smoke, these black label Nicaraguan were bitter. I gave up after smoking several of them half way thru. Construction is fine: All of these offer a loose construction, and fast draw to compliments their consistent taste. Two stars for price and consistency, but I'd never buy the black label Nicaraguans by themselves."
Don Rafael Nicaragua,5 out of 5,They are good,They are good
Don Rafael Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Don Rafael Nicaragua,Good smoke for everyday. I usually smoke 2 or 3 during work. I guess that's the benefit for working outside.
Don Rafael Nicaragua,5 out of 5,don rafael nicaraqua,excellent cigar for the money
Don Rafael Nicaragua,5 out of 5,They were a little stronger,They were a little stronger than I thought they would be
Don Rafael Nicaragua,1 out of 5,Bad Cigars.,"Most horrible smoke, they go out all the time."
Don Rafael Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Great great great smoke
Don Rafael Nicaragua,3 out of 5,Bonus cigars were dry and,Bonus cigars were dry and peeling
Don Rafael Signature,5 out of 5,Excellent,"Outstanding 10, Light, Soft, Good Presentation.Excellent Price Quality"
Don Rafael Turquia,4 out of 5,Good daily smoke,Good daily smoke
Don Rafael Turquia,4 out of 5,Well constructed mild cigar,"Burned well and had decent flavor for a mild cigar. Don't expect it to have a lot of fire cured flavor from the pipe tobacco, but it does remind me of a mildly peated scotch. No burn problems at all."
Don Rafael Turquia,3 out of 5,loose,"Enjoyed the flavor, but feel that some were rolled too loose."
Don Rafael Turquia,4 out of 5,Good deal. Good cigar.,"Bought a box on a whim Joe Cigar deal and the first impression is it's not bad. Well-made for sure and the draw is nice, even burn as well. But I was expecting a slightly darker wrapper from the picture and description. I figured Habano but it tastes and looks like Connecticut Shade once I had my first one. Not that I hate CT wrapped cigars but they're not my go-to. I'll smoke them and enjoy them but I probably won't buy them again. Nothing against this fine cigar, it's just not my preference."
Don Rafael Turquia,4 out of 5,Good Cigar,Very good cigar. Very fairly priced. Will buy more
Don Rafael Turquia,5 out of 5,Turquia For Thanksgiving,This is stop number 3 touring my free Don Rafael international sampler I got with a box purchase here at CI. The Brasil and USA were both good. They call it a robusto but it is more like a toro. A pretty golden wrapper. Well rolled and good draw. Slow cool and even burn. The smoothness of Don Rafael with a nice kick from the Turkish tobacco. A tangy espresso on the roof of my mouth accompanied by toasty naturally sweet tobacco flavor. Another winner from Don Rafael and CI.
Don Rafael Turquia,5 out of 5,Good for the everyday smoke.,Good for the everyday smoke.
Don Rafael Turquia,5 out of 5,Excellent,"Just smoked one of these from the sampler pack and I was blown away. I am more of a fine of fuller bodied cigars but this one just has such amazing flavors. As a former pipe smoker you can really taste the Latakia that is mixed in the filler, something I was skeptical of at first. I will be ordering a box of these next time."
Don Rafael Turquia,5 out of 5,Nice Cigar,Very enjoyable Cigar. Fairly priced. Have reordered
Don Rafael Turquia,5 out of 5,Good Stuff!,"After tasting the Turquia, I will absolutely try the other ones like Brazil, Italia, USA, Ecuador and Mexico. Interesting blends."
Don Rafael USA,4 out of 5,Must buy,Great tasting
Don Rafael USA,5 out of 5,"Smooth, looooong smoke!!","Smooth, looooong smoke!!"
Don Rafael USA,5 out of 5,DON'T RAISE THE PRICE,EXCELLENT MEDIUM BODY CIGAR. WELL CONSTRUCTED WITH GOOD DRAW.....
Don Rafael USA,4 out of 5,Good Flavor right to the end,A good cigar at a very good price
Don Rafael USA,3 out of 5,"it is a ""middle of","it is a ""middle of the road"" smoke. good value for the price if the freebie's are included."
Don Rafael USA,4 out of 5,"Great Smoke for the Price, But.","Its a great smoke.. However, its not my first choice. If I’m out mowing the grass I smoke this every time. Its honestly a great smoke for the price, but not my favorite."
Don Rafael USA,5 out of 5,A pleasantly satisfied palate,"I couldn't believe this cigar! Smooth and VERY satisfying. The Don Rafaeil line of sticks has to be some of the best deals around! I'll be coming back soon.
Bob"
Don Smith,5 out of 5,My favorite cigars,My favorite cigars
Don Smith,3 out of 5,"Great price , average cigar",Good daily cigar. Burns decent
Don Smith,4 out of 5,Not the best quality but,Not the best quality but worth the price.
Don Smith,5 out of 5,Great for cost,"I really enjoy these cigars as a everyday cigar. They are cost effective, good flavor and burn evenly. Great in between cigar before breaking out your favorites for special occasions."
Don Smith,4 out of 5,Very good,Very good
Don Smith,5 out of 5,Good cigars,Very good and smooth
Don Smith,4 out of 5,Amazing,A smooth even burning smoke. Bargain of a lifetime.
Don Smith,5 out of 5,Mild and excellent cigar,Mild and excellent cigar
Don Smith,4 out of 5,Dependable Favorite,I like ordering these cigars - An old favorite! 4.5 Stars!
Don Smith,4 out of 5,Review,Excellent for the price
Don Smith,5 out of 5,is a good smoking cigar,is a good smoking cigar and i will buy them again
Don Smith,3 out of 5,no taste.,good for a every day cheap smoke.
Don Smith,4 out of 5,Delicious Cigars,"good quality, nice and delicious cigars. thanks."
Don Smith,5 out of 5,Comfort Smoke,I received one in a sampler pack from cigar international and was pleasantly pleased with the smoothness of the smoke. Burns well and enjoyed the taste and a mild aftertaste of the cigar. Very enjoyable and relaxing smoke
Don Smith,3 out of 5,Don SmithChurchill,Don Smith is an adequate smoke for the price.
Don Smith,5 out of 5,always looking for a good,"always looking for a good tasting inexpensive cigar, and this is good one."
Don Smith,5 out of 5,They're for my son-in-law. He,They're for my son-in-law. He loves them because they burn evenly and are mild
Don Smith,5 out of 5,Dee,Great for sitting around and having good everyday smoke. I purchase them on a regular when available
Don Smith,4 out of 5,entry level cigar,The price is reasonable. entry level cigar.
Don Smith,5 out of 5,Great taste,Great long lasting great complex cigar. Found it in the poboy sampler
Don Smith,4 out of 5,Don Smith,Leave it in the Humidor for a few weeks. I had one that was awesome and another that tasted moldy.
Don Smith,4 out of 5,Good Value.,Do not expect a Padron. Fills the bill for a good knock-around at a good price.
Don Smith,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Tried it.. liked it..great smoke for the money
Don Smith,5 out of 5,Not too bad burns a,Not too bad burns a little uneven
Don Smith,5 out of 5,Don smist,Good cigar
Don Smith,5 out of 5,Best bang for the buck in a Churchill.,Nice draw too!
Don Smith,5 out of 5,Nice mild cigar !!,I found these in a sampler pack several years ago. Not being a fan of harsh cigars I enjoyed this one and have given numerous to friends who also enjoyed them. Quick Ship
Don Smith,5 out of 5,Good smoke,For an inexpensive stick they are great for an everyday smoke great for work if you can’t keep them going you are not out a lot but they have a great taste mild and good to relaxe with too
Don Smith,5 out of 5,customer service,Great sales people!
Don Smith,4 out of 5,Don Smith,Good inexpensive cigar~
Don Smith,5 out of 5,Don Smith Churshill,Very good & long burning cigar
Don Smith,3 out of 5,UNEVEN BURN,"This cigar is a good inexpensive choice; however, it's hard to keep lit evenly...almost 70% of the 80 cigars I purchased burned cockeyed...that percentage steered my position on this review"
Don Smith,1 out of 5,don smith,"I did not like them, too apt to fall apart."
Don Smith,3 out of 5,Review,Cigar are not bad for the price but can leave a long after taste in your mouth even after rinsing.
Don Smith,3 out of 5,Not a long filler. Somewhat uneven burn,"Not a long filler. Somewhat uneven burn. For the price, I can not complain."
Don Smith,5 out of 5,Excellent everyday mild smoke!,Excellent everyday mild smoke!
Don Smith,4 out of 5,Pretty good smoke I enjoyed,Pretty good smoke I enjoyed a cigarette at a time.
Don Smith,5 out of 5,rate don smith,Very good. Mild and burns great. Have given to friends and they really like them
Don Smith,4 out of 5,A nice cigar for a po' boy.,"Quite a tasty cheap-o. Inconsistent burn and a bit dry, but a very smooth and buttery draw and pleasant aroma. If you're looking for a cheap, everyday stogie but don't want a full bodied power house, this extremely mild cigar is right up your alley. A little time in your humidor is recommended."
Don Smith,4 out of 5,D Smith Churchill,"Great cigar, keep moist, will dry out."
Don Smith,4 out of 5,Great Cigar.,Great Cigar.
Don Smith,5 out of 5,Po' Boy II Sampler,"Excellent cigar for me. I like the tight draw, the aroma, and the construction. I would not hesitate to reorder these to stock my humidors. THey suit that purpose - nicely!"
Don Smith,5 out of 5,Don Smith,"Great tasting cigar. Burns slow and smooth. Great for a quick pick me up, wonderful conversation piece for those who are first timers. Don Smith goes great with the drink of your choice."
Don Smith,4 out of 5,good cigar,it is a good cigar not great but good
Don Smith,3 out of 5,Good every day cigar.,Good every day cigar.
Don Smith,3 out of 5,Good price. Pretty good draw.,Good price. Pretty good draw. Overall not a bad cigar.
Don Smith,5 out of 5,Great deal!,Very nice inexpensive everyday cigar. Great for the golf course.
Don Smith,3 out of 5,The Don,The cigar has smooth mellow taste the Head is too soft when smoking this lead to unwrapping at the head and body other then that good cigar 👀
Don Smith,5 out of 5,Excellent!,Excellent!
Don Smith,5 out of 5,Don Smith,Great cigar for the price. Rich flavor and aroma. Will definitely continue to purchase as everyday smoke!
Don Tomas Clasico Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar for the money,Great cigar for the money
Don Tomas Clasico Maduro,5 out of 5,Great taste. Good draw. Stays,"Great taste. Good draw. Stays lit with a long, white ash. Best value around."
Don Tomas Clasico Maduro,5 out of 5,Don Tomas Maduro,Excellent smoke
Don Tomas Clasico Maduro,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Prefer the original over these... a bit more smooth of a smoke but at the close out price couldn't pass these up
Don Tomas Clasico Maduro,5 out of 5,I really enjoyed this smoke,"The box has been consistent as to burn, draw,flavor and strength. I will buy again."
Don Tomas Clasico Maduro,5 out of 5,Don Tomas cigars,"A very good cigar, I've had a couple that were hard to draw on but that's probably to be expected, all in all very nice, really smell good!"
Don Tomas Clasico Maduro,5 out of 5,Stogie,Awesome
Don Tomas Clasico Maduro,4 out of 5,Nice smoke,"These are well constructed, even burning, lots of smoke and lasts longer than most cigars the same size. A little stronger than I like which is the only reason I gave 4 stars. Well worth a try."
Don Tomas Clasico Maduro,5 out of 5,Pleasant surprise!,"I am just finishing my first ever Don Tomas. I was given this cigar as a gift, I blew it off and put it away and forgot about it. I stumbled upon it tonight: Good cigar, at any price, period. I prefer a robusto size over anything else, but this thing is amazing. It's no fuente, It's better than that, though slightly more mild, but not much. Medium-full flavor, solid construction and even burn. I'm almost to the band and haven't had any issues thus far. I'll be ordering a box or two of the robustos when they are back in stock. (Note: this cigar has been resting for 3 months in my humidor.)"
Don Tomas Clasico Natural,5 out of 5,I have been smoking DT,I have been smoking DT Classico for about 7 years. I like the taste the size it’s a short smoke
Don Tomas Clasico Natural,5 out of 5,Great smoke,I got lucky with this box. The the cigars are wellaged and very smooth. It is the only cigar my wife doesn't complain about the smell
Don Tomas Clasico Natural,5 out of 5,I've had them before A,"I've had them before
A cigar everyone can enjoy"
Don Tomas Clasico Natural,5 out of 5,Great cigar. Great price.,Great cigar. Great price.
Don Tomas Clasico Natural,4 out of 5,Nice little cigar,Good little cigar and well worth the price. Nice when you don't have the time for a big one.
Don Tomas Clasico Natural,4 out of 5,Mostly Good,"Usually a smooth smoke, but sometimes there will be one that is wrapped too tight and is hard to draw."
Don Tomas Clasico Natural,4 out of 5,Good,Good
Don Tomas Clasico Natural,5 out of 5,AAA,AAA
Don Tomas Clasico Natural,4 out of 5,A tasty consistent smoke!,A tasty consistent smoke!
Don Tomas Clasico Natural,3 out of 5,Fine,"A bit underwhelming, but just fine.. mild to medium"
Don Tomas Clasico Natural,5 out of 5,Always great service and easy,Always great service and easy ordering.
Don Tomas Clasico Natural,5 out of 5,Don Tomas,Great cigar
Don Tomas Clasico Natural,5 out of 5,Great smokes,Good value and a great smoke.
Don Tomas Clasico Natural,5 out of 5,Great smoke for a small cigar,"Best tasting cigar for a cigarillo I have found in years. Slow even burn, does not get hot as many other small cigars do. Consistent taste full-bodied like smoking A full-size cigar. Great for travel while driving when you don’t have the time To sit back and smoke your favorite full-size cigar"
Don Tomas Clasico Natural,5 out of 5,Don Tomas (Clasico Allegro Tubo),GREAT stogie at a excellent price!
Don Tomas Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Worth a shot,"Overall good cigar, nice flavor profile, but for me its one star down for the tighter roll."
Don Tomas Nicaragua,5 out of 5,My favorite everyday cigar.,Great reasonably priced cigar that I smoke everyday.
Don Tomas Nicaragua,4 out of 5,very good cigar,very good cigar
Don Tomas Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Great Value for $,"I buy a lot of cigars and constantly looking for a good value. After Don Tomas discontinued one of my favorite black labels a few years back, I found this one. It’s got good flavor, good draw, and doesn’t fall apart like other comparable sticks."
Don Tomas Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Don Thomas,Excellent smoke for the money!!
Don Tomas Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great Value and an Excellent Smoke,"Well balanced medium smoke. Flawless construction and very easy draw. As an everyday cigar, this Don Tomas fits the bill. For me, re-ordering is a no-brainer. I love it.😊"
Don Tomas Nicaragua,3 out of 5,Good but....,"very smooth, very tasty, but a hard draw"
Don Tomas Sungrown,5 out of 5,Great flavor,pleasant and enjoyable smoke
Don Tomas Sungrown,5 out of 5,Good Smoke,"Good smoke, flavor and smell. Overall I enjoy smoking this cigar"
Don Tomas Sungrown,4 out of 5,A little spice and good,A little spice and good finish
Don Tomas Sungrown,5 out of 5,Excellent,Great smoke for the money.
Don Tomas Sungrown,5 out of 5,One of the best taste only sun grown cigars have. Put it in your catalog!,Don Tomas Sun Grown is one of the best for the price. Rich taste with great draw and no bite. Smooth and great to the end. I smoke a lot of top shelf cigars and this belongs with them.
Don Tomas Sungrown,5 out of 5,Don Tomas,This is a very mild and satisfactory smoke.
Don Tomas Sungrown,5 out of 5,A very good cigar anytime of the day,"An excellent cigar, in my opinion, that I can enjoy anytime during the day and for any occasion. Great flavor, good construction, and an all around satisfying cigar. I can recommend these to anyone who enjoys a good medium bodied, flavorful smoke. I do enjoy my DTSG."
Double Happiness Cazadores,3 out of 5,Double Happiness,"Decent smoke for the price. Slow, consistent burn, mild, well wrapped."
Double Happiness Cazadores,4 out of 5,"double hap, dub sat","I must say that this was the freshest tasting cheapy cigar I have received in a while, very moist:). it hangs in there while chewing the end long after I let it go out. relighting it does not give me that bad relit horrible taste. it too is a task cigar and a good one."
Double Happiness Cazadores,4 out of 5,Nice,"Very nice cigar for the price. Having tried many different cigars I keep ordering this cigar. Very light, only wish it came in a slight longer size."
Double Happiness Cazadores,5 out of 5,every day smoke,"For this price target you get a consistent burn, draw, flavor and stay's lit - more then expected"
Double Happiness Cazadores,4 out of 5,good cigar at fair price,I ordered these because I normally order Country Man Good Times and they are ALWAYS backordered. These are a little harder to draw but last a little longer.
Double Happiness Cazadores,3 out of 5,A decent daily work smoke,"A decent daily work smoke. Good for the price. As with any economy line there are small issues like some bad burns and loose rolls, but hey, I burn thru about 4-5 a day and these are barely over a buck."
Double Happiness Cazadores,5 out of 5,Impressed,"Got some of these as a golf cigar, find myself smoking them every chance I get. Really can’t beat these for the price tag. Cheap cheap smoke that is actually enjoyable to an enthusiast’s palate. Will definitely be keeping stock in the humidor."
Double Happiness Cazadores,3 out of 5,Cazadores Happiness; A good every,Cazadores Happiness; A good every day smoke for the money
Double Happiness Cazadores,5 out of 5,Double happiness Cazadores,These were a good value
Double Happiness Cazadores,4 out of 5,Cazadores toro,Good smoke for the price. I wish you offered larger rings.
Double Happiness Cazadores,3 out of 5,Double Happiness,Good knock around smoke for the price
Double Happiness Cazadores,3 out of 5,Good for the price,On special these were great deal. Decent mild smoke and fairly good burn. Construction could be better on some.
Double Happiness Cazadores,4 out of 5,Good solid smoke for the,Good solid smoke for the golf course
Double Happiness Cazadores,4 out of 5,Not a bad smoke,These cigars are nice with goof flavor. I would recommend using a full cut as a V cut a full cut allows the flavor to blossom as a posed to a V cut witch feta very bad taste at the end. Over all a good smoke for the money
Double Happiness Cazadores,5 out of 5,A great everyday smoke.,I purchased these because I wanted an everyday cigar that. I’ve smoked a variety of expensive to cheap. I’m not an expert by any means but for the money this is an excellent choice. It burns evenly and I haven’t had to relight ten times like on some cheap cigars. I am actually impressed by the flavor and quality this has for the price. I won’t feel guilty if I only smoked half as I would if it was a $20 cigar. Great addition CI .
Double Happiness Cazadores,5 out of 5,Great everyday smoke,"Not top shelf, but a five stars everyday smoke."
Double Happiness Cazadores,4 out of 5,Nice smoke,Good tight roll not a bad smoke
Double Happiness Cazadores,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Nice every day cigar
Double Happiness Cazadores,5 out of 5,An update after smoking,"This is an update to my post November 27, 2019. Today December 5th my order arrived and I eagerly smoked my first Philippine cigar in over a year. I was not disappointed
The cigar is mild with an almost almond nut taste. It burns even without a need for a relight. According to my wife it has a pleasant aroma so is not offensive to a non smoker.
It is not a 92 or 93 rating but for my personal enjoyment as a daily smoke personally rate it high. I like it so much I just placed an order for 2 more bundles of 50 cigars. I consider it an acceptable replacement for my Romeo & Juliet Reserva Real."
Double Happiness Cazadores,5 out of 5,A great buy,I started smoking Philippine cigars when I spent 14 months in the Philippines when all I could find were Philippine cigars. I fell in love with them. When I came back to the USA I could not find them. I am so happy to get them here at CI. A great cigar for an every day cigar. When worth buying. Thanks CO for this sale.
Double Happiness Cazadores,4 out of 5,Love this cigar,"Yes, this is not a top shelf cigar, but in my book this has become my new favorite daily smoke. Whether on a drive home from work or pushing the mower, this is a great, light cigar that will not make you turn green. The draw is smooth, the size is perfect, and you can’t best the price. Plus, it comes in a bundle like 20 mm ammo, cracks me up every time I look at it. I’ll buy this baby again and again!"
Double Happiness Cazadores,4 out of 5,Good Smoke,Great buy
Double Happiness Cazadores,4 out of 5,Good cigar to smoke,Good cigar to smoke
Double Happiness Cazadores,4 out of 5,A nice everyday smoke,"For a dollar a stick, can't beat it. Mild, decent draw."
Double Happiness Cazadores,4 out of 5,Great any time cigar,Great morning cigar mild flavor and a good burn can not go wrong especially for the price. I will be reordering this one.
Double Happiness Cazadores,4 out of 5,double happiness review,My impressions of the cigars was that a clear majority of the cigars were a very pleasant smoke.
Double Happiness Cazadores,3 out of 5,These are ok for everyday,These are ok for everyday smoke. But there are some that are uneven burning.
Double Happiness Cazadores,5 out of 5,Double Happiness Cazadores Toro,very good smoke.. fabulous for the price. I gave some out. they thought it was a $ 5-7stick
Double Happiness Cazadores,4 out of 5,Double Happiness,These are a really great smoke fo
Double Happiness Cazadores,3 out of 5,A smooth smoke !!!! I've,"A smooth smoke !!!! I've had better , I've had worse ! All around a good cigar !"
Double Happiness Cazadores,3 out of 5,Nice for the price,Nice for the price
Double Happiness Cazadores,4 out of 5,Very good for the price.,Very good for the price.
Double Happiness Cazadores,5 out of 5,The price is right,Great smoke for the price.
Double Happiness Cazadores,5 out of 5,2xHappy,"Smooth and smokable.
Amazing price.
Could not ask for more."
Double Happiness Cazadores,4 out of 5,Double Happiness,"A nice smooth smoke.
A great smoke for doing yard work and going to the store
A good gift for all those guys who want a smoke but never offer one
Nothing to be ashamed of here"
Double Happiness Cazadores,5 out of 5,CAZADORES TORO,A FINE SMOKE FOR THE PRICE. I HAVE ONE DAILY EACH MORNING.
Double Happiness Cazadores,4 out of 5,great every day smoke,great every day smoke
Double Happiness Cazadores,5 out of 5,A great smoking Cigar,"One of the best values ever from CI
Smooth Cool and long lasting.
Very fresh."
Double Happiness Cazadores,5 out of 5,Good smoke!,"Since receiving them, Ive only had about 5 or 6 and so far very good"
Double Happiness Cazadores,4 out of 5,Good cigar for the price,Good cigar for the price
Double Happiness Cazadores,5 out of 5,Great cigar,I was completely surprised how good these cigars were. There great for mowing the lawn or just for quick smoke. I would order them again.
Double Happiness Cazadores,4 out of 5,"Happy with the price, good","Happy with the price, good cigar"
Double Happiness Cazadores,5 out of 5,Good every-day cigar,This is a great deal! This cigars will surprise you. This is the perfect everyday go-to cigar. It's smooth and has good flavor.
Double Happiness Cazadores,5 out of 5,Way rad totally stoking cigar really recommended to all thus the fifty pack,Excellent cigar better than a Padilla gordo even tastefuller than most of my gurkhas bigger Toro than many of a more acknowledgeable famed brand real good smoldering burns way even can't find an better Toro at this price glad for thus an email from you all at cigasinternational set me straight at a second glance id of not realized and or noticed a cigar this well in its catagorie then I answered the email and ordered first puff wow smooth not harsh very enjoyable leaves a soft nug in your pallet I'll definitely order this one again best wishes to all really recommended as a first good searching for double the happiness go double happiness extremely stoked
Double Happiness Cazadores,4 out of 5,Good deal,"Really nice mellow smoke - and for the price, you can't go wrong with this."
Double Happiness Cazadores,4 out of 5,Great everyday cigars,Great everyday cigars
Double Happiness Cazadores,4 out of 5,A great bang for the buck cigar and priced to pass them out with your fishing buddies!,"Back in the late 90's and early 2000's I found these to be a very solid and enjoyable smoke perfect for yard-work and fishing. The cost back then was about $2 a stick which was a deal back then but geeze, at this price how can one pass this up?
Don't be afraid of Philippine cigars, just because you have not heard about them does not mean they are not good, Years ago the world never knew about California wines but after the word got out, the world knows what Cali can offer. Same goes with Pennsylvania and New York wines, the quality is there but not as expensive as the Cali wines.
The same can be said for cigars from the Philippines, everyone knows DR, Cuba etc. but you pay for the big name. Now we can enjoy a solid cigar from some little known maker.
The cigars are not perfect and there will be a few duds and others may look a bit ragged, but these cigars are made for the times when the cigar may fall into the trout stream or the paint pan and you wont get upset losing a $10-15 big name stick. Go buy pack and put some in your fishing vest and pass out the rest to your buddies. Now go out enjoy the day with one of these little treasures!
Crapgame"
Drew Estate & Caldwell All Out Kings,5 out of 5,Very smooth.,"So good I bought a 2nd to get some time on it. I think it will become a knockout in 2 to 3 years of age. Great smoking, even burn, caldwell in general make a fantastic offering, and there are many bands in humi's. The last czar, is among my favorite by Caldwell. I received at a discount, full pop is a bit hefty."
Drew Estate & Caldwell All Out Kings,5 out of 5,Forth Pose (Torpedo) Very Tasty!,"This cigar has a great firm feel to the fingers. It's burn is true and steady with an occasional touch up. The draw, aroma, and flavor all speak to the top class this cigar falls into. I purchased this on sale, for the MSRP is above my pay grade. I am doing this review on the Forth Pose (Torpedo) and the first few I smoked out of the original box were so good I hurried up and bought a second box!"
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,Love the entire family,Love the entire family
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,4 out of 5,What can I say... only,"What can I say... only that I never had a bad cigar from them . I’m not a sweet flavored cigar guy , however Baby Jane has giving me hope in them . Quality smoke and will buy again ."
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,Thanks you,I love the sweet taste of Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co. Baby Jane wished I would have bought the Full Cigar next time thank you for your Awesome prices I would also like to try American Rabel
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,Great cigar!
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,Great cigar one of my,Great cigar one of my favorites drew brand cigars have been enjoying them with my evening bourbon
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,Dessert after dinner,"I love this line. Sweet with a little kick.. Good for after dinner, almost like dessert"
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,Very good cigar and timely,Very good cigar and timely shipping thanks
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,Great tasting sweet smokes,These are the only cigars I like to smoke. Nice sweet taste to them. Tried others but none that I've found matches the sweetness. Recommend
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,Fave,Always my fave smoke but now in a smaller quicker option. Love them.
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,Sweet Jane,"Smooth and sweet, great value!"
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,They are amazing,They are amazing
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,4 out of 5,Sweet fatty,Great flavored smoke
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,Great small cigar,Very good small cigar - smooth and mellow.
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,4 out of 5,Go to when you want infused,Nice maduro style infused cigar. Great construction and flavor. Not the biggest fan of infused smokes; these are subtle.
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,4 out of 5,Worth the price,Amazing infused cigar. Smaller in size but a slow burn. Not as spicy as the Sweet Jane line. More of a smooth maduro.
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,Totally surprised,I didn't know anything about this Drew Estate product and it's now my favorite! Smooth and sweet and perfect for anytime you want a satisfying smole.
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,Excellent,Delicious sweet flavor...highly recommended
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,Good smoke!,Good smoke!
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,BABY JANES !,"Great cigar for a quick social gathering, or while fishing ! And they taste just as good as the regular Jane's !"
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,"Smooth, mellow, satisfying","45 minute smoke, perfect on a hot Vegas night with a cold Stella or scotch & ginger. I've enjoyed it with Grand Marnier on the rocks as well. A light to medium smoke, the scent is aromatic and as a female smoker, I've shared it with male friends who've enjoyed it too!"
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,Great cigars.,Love these cigars.
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,Great cigars.,Great cigars.
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,The Best Fat Bottom Betty,Tried them and loved them. Great taste and draw !
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,Great stick,Great stick
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,"""Sweet little cigars""","My wife loves these little gems, always come ready to smoke from CI."
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,4 out of 5,Great smoke,Nice burn
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,4 out of 5,"Great box, add to your collection now!","I really enjoyed this box. The sweet infusion hints of a dark creme to coffee. Very consistent stick to stick. Middle is a buttery, leathery flavor. An easy light, with a simple torch. Will likely buy another box to keep around for those sweet moments."
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,Dope!,Great Flavor Smooth Taste. If you like the Crazy Alice you will love these Little Gems.
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,Fat Bottom oh ya!!!,now these have become my favorite very well build cigar
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,3 out of 5,I’ve had better,They are a little dried out. Hoping my humidor will moisten them back up.
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,Baby Jane,One the Best cigars and brand I've had there awesome!! Small but great for a quick 15 to 20 min smoke
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,Fat Bottom Bettye,One the Best cigars and brand I've had there awesome!!
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,It's a Good'un,"This one's a finger burner folks. I decided to try these a little while back and am I ever glad I did. My first impression of this cigar was that it reminded me of the original Java brand by Drew Estate. I don't really like that cigar because it was just too much of what makes it Java. But as I said, this only reminds me of Java. It's much less of that flavor and something else too but I don't do all of that notes of this and notes of that stuff, it's either bad or good to me and this one's just right for me. They've all been well made so far too. This is one I will order again, in fact I'm in the process right now!"
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,Sweet Jane is one of my gals!,Jane is sweet and she didn’t disappoint! She’s a mild smoke with a sweet flavor that’s not overpowering. When it comes to flavored cigars Drew Estate knows what it’s doing.
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,Betty is one of my new BFFs!,Betty didn’t disappoint! She’s a mild smoke with a sweet flavor that’s not overpowering. When it comes to flavored cigars Drew Estate knows what it’s doing.
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,Fat Bottom Betty,"The best cigar I've ever had. By far my favorite and go to. Its smooth all the way through, and it has a great flavor. 10/10 recommend these or any other by Deadwood Tobacco Co."
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,My Girl Sweet Jane,"So after trying Sweet Jane, It has become my favorite cigar. Now I only buy Sweet Jane in Box of 24 to enjoy and share with friends. I smoke other cigars and enjoy them, but its something about Sweet Jane that keeps me coming back. I guess you could say we are in a relationship. LOL! Give this girl a try. Stay Safe, Play Nice, Peace."
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,My Girl Sweet Jane,"So after trying Sweet Jane, It has become my favorite cigar. Now I only buy Sweet Jane in Box of 24 to enjoy and share with friends. I smoke other cigars and enjoy them, but its something about Sweet Jane that keeps me coming back. i guess you could say we are in a relationship. LOL! Give this girl a try. Stay Safe, Play Nice, Peace."
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,Good purchase,Truly appreciate this buy and the taste is great.
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,Better for short times,So good. Great when you only have a little time. Some times I don't have an hour to smoke a cigar.
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,4 out of 5,Sweet Jane,"Usually go with a milder cigar, but was surprised with the taste and flavor of the Sweet Jane cigar."
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,4 out of 5,These are good,I like to smoke these sticks when I have a short time to smoke. Very flavorful
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,My favorite drew estate cigar,"If a cigar was nectar from the gods this would be it, drew estate is The Patron when it comes to cigar artistry, the flavor, smells, and construction of this cigar is perfect"
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,Alice may be crazy but not Drew Estates!,"Love this little cigar, it is obviously a very unique cigar.
Its size is small but presentation, flavor and aroma are very BIG. You want 20 minutes of pure smoking pleasure, this one is for you."
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,Best little cigar,"If you need a nice little smoke with limited time , This is the cigar for you. Flavorful, sweet and bold. Hands down my goto for a quick cigar fix."
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,we have a winner!,awesome smoke you guys got try these !!
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,5 out of 5,Like Tabak in some ways,Much like a Tabak in terms of sweetness and smoothness. Probably just as smooth but does seem lighter. I notice more coffee in Tabak styles whereas a Fat Bottom Betty seems less of that but just as delicious.
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,4 out of 5,Great stick,Great Cigar. Gentle sweetness & so smooth! Love it... By far one of my favorites...
Drew Estate Deadwood Tobacco Co.,3 out of 5,Good flavor. Little small but,Good flavor. Little small but decent for the price
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,5 out of 5,Good smoke!,Good smoke definitely worth the price. My only problem with these is they burn uneven.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,4 out of 5,Surprising,"For the price, these are great everyday cigars. I have tried all of the different varieties and all have been pleasant."
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,4 out of 5,DeToro,They were very smooth and satisfying
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,4 out of 5,Awesome smoke for the buck,"Awesome smoke for the buck
Have ordered 2 bundles and not a bad one in the bunch"
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,4 out of 5,Good for the price.,Good for the price.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,5 out of 5,Really good,Really good
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,5 out of 5,The Ice Man..,A very good stick at a good price. nice smooth flavor.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,4 out of 5,Very good cigars for the,Very good cigars for the money.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,5 out of 5,Good stuff,Good stuff
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,4 out of 5,Not a bad cigar,Was pleasantly surprised better cigar then I thought especially for that price
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,5 out of 5,Good good good,"Love these every day cigars. Good burn, well made, and taste good."
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,4 out of 5,Great smoke!,The entire Factory Smokes lines is a great bargain. Good construction and great taste for the price!
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,4 out of 5,Good smoke for the price.,Good smoke for the price.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,4 out of 5,Good cheap everyday,Good cheap everyday
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,These are a great Everyday smoke with a great taste to the end and burns even. And at a price that doesn’t break your wallet
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,5 out of 5,Best bang for the $,I smoke several cigars a day and this is my go to cigar. Yes I like more expensive cigars too but I only smoke them on occasion.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,4 out of 5,"Mistaken order, still good.",I thought I was ordering the Kuba knockoffs but these are not flavored. Still good smoke for the price.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,3 out of 5,They were okay.,They were okay.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,3 out of 5,economical and satisfying.,Budget priced and great service.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,5 out of 5,They do exactly what I,"They do exactly what I bought them for..... Their my yard, and garage smoke.... Besides I like Drew Estates products..... New Yorkers that are doing well in a crowed market!!"
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,5 out of 5,Best for price,"Though they are fumas, these cigars taste great, do not fall apart, smoke easy with no cigars packed too tightly, and you get 25 instead of 20 in a pack. I buy these often and will continue to do so. Try 'em out!"
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,5 out of 5,Great Every day smoke great,Great Every day smoke great price
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,4 out of 5,Not A Bad Smoke,"The cigars taste well, however the leaf wrapper is very dry causing the cigar to unfold."
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,5 out of 5,Great value smoke,"Not a complex flavor bomb, but really tasty for a knock around smoke. I got the Connecticut shade to have as a lighter option for the cigar bar at our wedding and am so impressed I’ll be keeping a supply of these in the humi!"
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,5 out of 5,everyday cigar,"Haven't had a bad one in a year, great cigar at any price."
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,4 out of 5,Factory smokes,Smokes well for the $$
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,5 out of 5,Get some of these!!,"An absolutely nice smoke. Incredible price. Great construction, smooth draw, good burn, nice mild flavors. Easily worth 2X the price."
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,5 out of 5,Excellent Everyday Smoke,"These are excellent for those of us who like to smoke everyday but don’t always want drop serious dough for those premium smokes. These have the body, flavor and Burn if a premium cigar without the price tag. I love these things!"
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,5 out of 5,Great price,"Even burn, very enjoyable with dark rum, Woodford and other bourbons neat of course!"
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,I really enjoy the DE factory smoke Churchill. It's a smooth mellow relaxing smoke.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,5 out of 5,Nice everyday smoke!,Nice everyday smoke!
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,4 out of 5,Easy on the pocket,very enjoyable daily smoker for my wife and me $
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,5 out of 5,Purchased the cigars in a package,Purchased the cigars in a package deal. I will be re-ordering
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,4 out of 5,surprisingly good for the money,surprisingly good for the money
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,4 out of 5,Good affordable smoke,Good affordable smoke
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,5 out of 5,Excellent Smoke...,Excellent Smoke...
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,4 out of 5,Good Cigar,A good cigar for the money; my new daily smoker. Like any economy line there are small issues like some unraveling and some slightly loose roll. For what you pay....these are a winner for a work cigar.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,5 out of 5,Cometh not to strong great,Cometh not to strong great
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,3 out of 5,Good cheap cigar,Good cheap cigar
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,3 out of 5,"Good cigars for the price,","Good cigars for the price, should have bought smaller quantity,"
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,3 out of 5,you get what you pay,you get what you pay for
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,4 out of 5,Quality control issues,"My default morning cigar.
Nice and smooth, at least an hour smoke. Some issues: a bit of variation in the batch on taste, cracking at either end. Some unraveling of the wrapper at the mouth end. I also noticed in this batch there's a air leak about 1/2-3/4"" down fron the mouth on every cigar that must be covered to draw. Looks like a machine mutilation, the holes are all shaped alike."
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,4 out of 5,Everyday cigar,"Factory Smokes are priced right to be a great every day, work in the yard cigar."
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,5 out of 5,Great Bargain!!,Smooth draw!!! Great price! Excellent value!!
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,4 out of 5,Everyday smokes,"Great and enjoyable everyday smoke, good for after work or when you want to spend some quick down time with a easy smooth draw smoke"
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,3 out of 5,Good throw down,"A good yard work cigar
the only thing is that it goes out a lot"
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,4 out of 5,Good Cigar,Definitely one to order again. Good flavor. Consistently wrapped. I’ve found it pairs well with a cup of coffee or cocktails. Good all around smoke.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,4 out of 5,Good Smoke,Not a bad everyday cigar.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Connecticut Shade,5 out of 5,Cheap thrill,Drew Estates doesn’t make junk! This is a good inexpensive well made clean burning smoke. Try it and get your money’s worth.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,5 out of 5,One of my top 2,One of my top 2 go-to and favs
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,5 out of 5,"Great Smoke, Great Price","Best ""Second"" I have found for every day smoking."
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,4 out of 5,Good cigar for the price,Good cigar for the price
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,4 out of 5,Nice Cigar,Another good everyday smoke
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,5 out of 5,Very good cigar for the,Very good cigar for the value
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,5 out of 5,Consistently great.,Consistently great.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,5 out of 5,"Cheap price, great quality","I've tried many low priced cigars, but never found quality and taste this good for this price."
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,5 out of 5,If you like maduro’s these,If you like maduro’s these are on par with any more expensive cigars. This cigar has a very nice heady smoke.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,4 out of 5,My husband likes it,My husband likes it
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,4 out of 5,A very good smoke,A very good smoke
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,5 out of 5,Smooth,Nice draw and smooth smoke ! Another great cigar from Drew Eatate
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,4 out of 5,Great Value Smoke,The quality you'd expect from Drew Estate at a great price.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,5 out of 5,Fantastic,"Quality smoke, can’t beat the price."
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,4 out of 5,Good deal,Great cigar for the money.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Stick For The Price,Great Stick For The Price
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,5 out of 5,Good smokes! sometimes they are,"Good smokes! sometimes they are dry, guess it depends on the quantity of recent orders."
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,5 out of 5,Great sticks,Full flavored and great draw. I love these. Toe tappers for sure.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,4 out of 5,"Strong, and burn great.","Strong, and burn great."
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Tobaccos,"Best I have smoked for the price. Rustic, good construction, great tobaccos"
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,4 out of 5,Not bad ! actually pretty,Not bad ! actually pretty good
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,4 out of 5,A decent smoke for the,A decent smoke for the money. Should be smoked outside because you will be spitting little pieces of filler as you get to the end.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,5 out of 5,Love these cigars,They are cheap and very good. My favorite cigar so far
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,4 out of 5,Thrifty.,"Nice smoke for the money. Great on the fly, yard work, daily smoke."
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,4 out of 5,Maduro,Great taste and refreshing.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Great cigar for the price
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,5 out of 5,Well done DE!,"Very impressive, affordable smoke. Apart from an occasional minor blemish or inconsistency in the maduro wrapper, I can think of nothing negative to comment on about this cigar. Consistently well constructed, even burn lines and producing clouds of thick, rich, billowing smoke. I would rank this cigar as medium-full flavor, not terribly complex, but interesting enough to be a daily smoker. While this cigar won't displace my favorite stick(s), that's really not the point. At this price and quality, I expect I'll be buying and smoking more of these than any other I've tried to-date. Well done, DE!"
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,5 out of 5,Great everyday stick.,"Love 'em. Consistant quality cigar, I haven't had a bad one yet. Great for a quick burn. I will definitely purchase these again. Chocolate, malt, bit of spice and thick flavorful smoke. Compliments Coffee, port and other semi sweet beverages. Cheers!"
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,5 out of 5,Best budget cigar!,"I've tried numerous budget cigars and this is definitely the best yet. Decent flavor, good even burn, good build quality, maybe a little smoky. The only thing negative is the second half of the cigar gets a little rough. But for the money, a winner for sure."
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smokes,"Burns even, nice draw, good taste. Great cigar for golf or an every day puff."
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,3 out of 5,Great Mower Gar,For $ it's hard to beat
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,5 out of 5,Pleasant Surprise,"I have never smoked an economy bundled cigar until I ordered this cigar and I have to honestly say I was more than pleasantly surprised by the quality, taste and consistency of this stick. This is now my go to cigar for yard work and hiking."
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,4 out of 5,Good Smoke for the price,Very happy with the flavor and consistency of the Factory Smoke. My only problem is when cutting to smoke the amount of filler slivers that have to be discarded while smoking. Overall a good cigar for the price.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,5 out of 5,You get what you pay for.,Greate 2 buck smoke...
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,5 out of 5,Good smoke at reasonable price,These are pretty good cigars. Good flavor is honest to the maduro name. Burns evenly with no troublesome canoeing or rat holes. I've tried them at a single sitting as well as re-lighting over an afternoon. Only preference would be for a tighter roll. This is just a personal thing.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,4 out of 5,Good everyday cigar. Good ash,Good everyday cigar. Good ash fine burn nice taste
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,5 out of 5,Helluva good smoke for the,Helluva good smoke for the price!
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,5 out of 5,A fantastic cigar. Smooth tasting,A fantastic cigar. Smooth tasting with hints of chocolate and nuts. The draw was smooth with a great burn . The cigar had a long ash and The flavor profiles remained all the way through the cigar. They are great and would highly recommend . Jonathan Drew would never make a bad cigar. Great cigar If you are on a budget and looking for great quality and a wonderful price point. Drew Estate always produces winners. Factory Smokes are right there as always.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,4 out of 5,Enjoyable Smoke,These are high quality smokes for the price.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,5 out of 5,Good deal,Best budget cigar on the market
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Everyday Smoke,Factory Smoke is good for quick or casual smoke...doesn't compare to other high end cigars but worth the price
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,5 out of 5,Maduro DE Toro,This is my everyday stick. It hits on all cylinders for me. Thanks for making these beauties affordable so I can keep my humidor stocked.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,3 out of 5,Good cigars,Good cigars
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,4 out of 5,Recommend,A good value cigar although you must moisten the wrapper to prevent unwrapping.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,4 out of 5,Jwh,Good everyday smoke for the money.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,5 out of 5,All around good smoke,"The price is great, burn well, taste amazing. All around enjoyable I will be ordering these again and again."
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,5 out of 5,Good daily smoke,Good daily smoke
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Maduro,4 out of 5,My go to daily smoke....,My go to daily smoke....
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,5 out of 5,great,great
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Pretty good for the price.,Pretty good for the price.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,5 out of 5,"Great cigars, great price.",Daily cigar time go-to. Alternate Churchills of these and Sweets. Just wish you could mix a bundle.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,4 out of 5,"Good smokes, good price","These are a great everyday stick and for the price, you can't lose."
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Great Value,If you smoke a lot this is a great go to cigar
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Best Everyday Cigar,"This is the best ""value"" cigar I have ever smoked. Great construction, burn, draw, and flavor. Can't tell much difference between the sun grown and maduro."
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Weekend Warrior Cigar,These are not a bad cigar for the money. Easy draw and even burn.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Good,Good
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,5 out of 5,great everyday smoke,this is my go to stick. great everyday smoke
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Bothering my cigars and paying for delivery and I don’t receive them,Three times I paid for delivery of cigars and I never received them for five days later very disappointed
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Drew Estate Smokes,I tried a sampler pack of DE cigars from CI about a year ago. Now they are my every day cigars. CI has a great supply and I get them about a week after ordering. Great price and great cigar.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Good buy,This is a short filler cigar. So the l60 ring gage is the Best Buy. It is has the best construction durability and flavor of the sun grown sizes. It’s a great cigar for working. It holds up well if you set it down and have to relight it often. Good cigar for the price.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,4 out of 5,"For an inexpensive cigar, not","For an inexpensive cigar, not a bad flavor and a nice even smoke."
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Good everyday smoke . Excellent,Good everyday smoke . Excellent price
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Good Choi,These are really good cigars for the price they stack up against more expensive cigars
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Everday Smoke,"Great everday smoke for the $$, keeping true to Drew Estates none for quality at any price. Goes well with a happy hour cocktail or evening walk.
StevieG"
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Good value everyday cigar,Good value everyday cigar
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Definitely quality sticks at a,Definitely quality sticks at a tasty price
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Good cigar for the price.,Good cigar for the price. Nice even burn.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Drew Estates Factory Smokes,"These are a fantastic smoke for the price point. Good flavor, well constructed and if you happen to drop it in the pool while doing your pool cleaning it's not the end of the world."
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,4 out of 5,It’s just OK very mild,It’s just OK very mild
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Consistent,"New smoke for me
I usually smoke Maduros but where on back order so I tried these and fully enjoy
Very consistent in all aspects
Great price
Good burn
Good drawl
Good taste"
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Great easy smoke,Good burn smoooth tatse
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Great smoke for the price,Very nice for the price
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,5 out of 5,I think the cigars are,I think the cigars are great they burn very nice and doesn’t get hot when you smoke it down
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,3 out of 5,Not a bad smoke a,Not a bad smoke a little bite to it but good
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Great company,Great everyday smoke for the price
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Great Smoke for a Reasonable Price,I tried this as a lark and was very pleased with the smoke. It smokes like a cigar twice it's price. I highly recommend trying these.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Good cigar,"this can't be beat for the price. Good build, good smoke. I alway keep a few bundles around for a daily smoke."
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Great cigar for the price,No better quality budget-cigar on the market.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,4 out of 5,GOOD SMOKE FOR THE $$$$$$$$$$,My daily smoke now.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,5 out of 5,factory smokes,I love them smooth and delightful..
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Good smoke,"Good smoke for the price. Expensive is not always better, will order again.
R"
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,3 out of 5,Decent smoke for the cost.,Decent daily smoke. Not too consistent with the draw.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,3 out of 5,A good weekday cigar,"Decent smoke for an “economy” cigar. A little light in the hand , but burns well and has good flavor . A good weekday cigar."
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Very smooth smoke. A great,Very smooth smoke. A great value stick
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Factory smokes sun grown,A good smoke and you can’t beat the price
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,5 out of 5,"Good smoke, great price.","Good smoke, great price."
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Nice everyday smoke,"Nice, smooth, seems a bit more full-bodied than advertised (fine by me!) Normally get the maduro version but they were out of stock (and so was I!). Happy with the purchase."
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Great!,"Tried these out on my last yard gar order and really liked them. I liked the maduro even better! I will probably keep at least one bundle of each around, especially if the price is right!"
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,3 out of 5,Great smokes for the price,They may not be Liga Privadas but for a bit over a buck a stick they are pretty good.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Awesome stick for the price,Great for an everyday smoke. Burns a little faster than I'd prefer but still a great value. No burn issues. I will definitely be ordering these again.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Cheap stick,Great for mowing the lawn and for when your feeling thrifty.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Very Good,"I'm always looking for a decent and cheap alternative to keep it interesting. I'd heard some good things about these so I grabbed a bundle of these and one of the maduro. The maduro was the better smoke, but these are great for what they were. Will probably get two bundles each, next time."
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Nice cigar for the price.,Nice cigar for the price. Burns a bit fast. I like them.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,3 out of 5,Not the best of the group,"Not as good as the Maduro or the sweet, but better than the Connecticut because of more flavor, about a quarter of the bundle had wrapper issues."
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Good smoke,"Good construction. Can’t beat the price for a good smoke. May need a few weeks in the humidor after shipment, but we’ll satisfied with draw, flavor & lots of smoke."
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Smoke 'um every night,"Im about to get low soon, better get another batch!"
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,5 out of 5,Very nice cigar,Love them!!
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,5 out of 5,Smooth. Smoke,Light sweet sweetness smooth smoke no harshness very gentle medium strength what are this many times over
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,5 out of 5,Top Notch,"Really like these, descent price, long lasting, sweet taste"
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,5 out of 5,Good smoke.,Good smoke definitely worth the price. Only problem is they burn uneven
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,4 out of 5,Good smoke for the money,Good smoke for the money
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,5 out of 5,Sweet!,Good tasting to the end.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,4 out of 5,Great flavor! Reminds me of,"Great flavor! Reminds me of another favorite of mine, ACID cigars."
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,5 out of 5,great taste and last long,great taste and last long to.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,4 out of 5,Great value!,Great value!
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,5 out of 5,nice,nice
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,5 out of 5,Great value,Great value
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,5 out of 5,Great easy smoke when you’re,Great easy smoke when you’re in the mood for some flavor but not the face punch of a boutique cigar.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,5 out of 5,1 of my less expensive,1 of my less expensive go too.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,4 out of 5,"Nice draw, enjoyable smoke, has","Nice draw, enjoyable smoke, has a bit of a harsh finish."
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,5 out of 5,Great smoke 👍🏻,Great smoke 👍🏻
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,4 out of 5,Burns even and smooth. Good,Burns even and smooth. Good flavor and aroma. Great deal for every day.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,5 out of 5,Factory Sweets,Somehow mis-read & was not expecting sweets. Normally I do not enjoy dipped or infused cigars. But these were ok - not really complaining.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,4 out of 5,Very enjoyable,"Even burning, sweet smoke."
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,4 out of 5,I really like the sweet,I really like the sweet cigars.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,3 out of 5,Best deal around,"Good smoke, smooth flavor for a great price."
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,5 out of 5,Very good cigar,Very good cigar and has a very strong sweet taste and cheap
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,5 out of 5,I’m having difficulty reordering.,I’m having difficulty reordering.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,4 out of 5,Good daily smoke,Good daily smoke
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,5 out of 5,Great Cigars,Great smoking cigars. Smokes better with whole puncher and not cutter. Aroma is very good and people love the smell.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,5 out of 5,Great smoke for the money.,Great smoke for the money.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,5 out of 5,Factory Smokes,A very smooth and tasty smoke. Leaves a very smooth taste.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"This cigar is smooth and it does not leave a heavy cigar smell on your breath, the sweet taste is just right."
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,5 out of 5,Awesome,Awesome
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,5 out of 5,Tops,Great everyday cigar would recommend to all thanks CI Phil Morphew
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,4 out of 5,A great desk with that Acid taste,A cheap version (not on quality) of an Acid! Can’t beat the bargain for a lil sweetness!
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,5 out of 5,great buy,great tast an dont brake the walet on price
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,5 out of 5,Nice!,Nice!
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,3 out of 5,A good yard smoke,I'm a heavy smoker whenever I'm in my shop or out in the yard and garden. These fill the bill being inexpensive and a fairly decent smoke. They are short filler and an uneven burning cigar but I can put up with that rather than burning a Partaga.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,4 out of 5,Quality and quantity,"These are great cigars for the money! I have no complaints what so ever.
If you need some cigars but don't want to break the bank, and would still like a quality cigar this is your option!"
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,5 out of 5,awesome cigar!,very smooth and sweet cigar. reminded alot of an acid blondie with just a hint of sweetness. was amazing. will def be buying again.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,4 out of 5,Enjoyable smoke,All of the Factory Smokes varieties are a great value. Drew Estate knows how to make quality cigars. These sweets have just the right amount of sweetness without being overwhelming.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,5 out of 5,Great toasty flavor.The sweet tip,Great toasty flavor.The sweet tip makes this a very enjoyable cigar. Excellent breakfast cigar!
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,5 out of 5,Very good for the price.,Very good for the price. Great for humidor stuffing!
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,5 out of 5,Drew Estate Factory Sweet.,My absolute favorite sweet cigar. Medium sweet cigar with great aroma and taste. If you're into sweet cigars. You can't go wrong with the factory sweet.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,5 out of 5,WONDERFUL,These are my favorites.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,5 out of 5,Good Sticks,These are very good sticks and cheap to. Nice every day smoke.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,4 out of 5,Nice,I bought these for my husband. He enjoyed them and said that he would buy them again
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,4 out of 5,first time use,"They need to be packed a little tighter and kept a bit more moist in storage, overall a pretty good smoke."
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,5 out of 5,Factory Smokes Sweets,"My husband says these are smooth smoking and burn evenly, and he really likes the sweet flavor."
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,5 out of 5,Great every day cigar,Nice mellow draw without any bitterness. End of the day enjoyment at its best.
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,4 out of 5,Good everyday cigar,Good everyday cigar
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,4 out of 5,Nice every day cigar,Nice every day cigar
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,4 out of 5,Sweet stuff,"These have become my go-to smoke. Working the grill, coffee break at work, gifting to new smokers. I've always got a Factory Smoke handy and the Sweet is my favorite. Great with my Irish whiskey or just a glass of water. Smooth draw, pleasant taste and decent construction. My sole complaint is a tendency to canoe if you don't light it precisely. It canoes way more easily than anything else I've ever smoked. Otherwise I'll continue to go thru bundles and bundles of these bad boys."
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,5 out of 5,"Great Churchill, nice smoke","Enjoyed these very much. Sweet flavor, mellow and nice burn. Plus great stick for the price. Will definitely order again. Am an Isla del Sole fan & since Drew Estate makes these I figured I'd try. Happy I took a chance!"
Drew Estate Factory Smokes Sweets,5 out of 5,Factory sweets,These cigars have been my favorites just the right amount of sweetness. I have one to relax with a glass of wine in the evenings.
Drew Estate Florida Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Drew Estate FSG,Excellent cigar! I will definitely buy this again.
Drew Estate Florida Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar!,"I prefer this Toro over the box pressed Toro. They are different. Great smoke, draw, flavor, enjoy!"
Drew Estate Florida Sun Grown,5 out of 5,On my rotation,"Friend of mine brought me an FSG from from his R&R in Miami, maaan I fell in love with this smoke, I was pleasantly surprised by this Florida grown tabaco so much that is now on my rotation."
Drew Estate Florida Sun Grown,5 out of 5,This cigar had it all.,"This cigar had it all. Flavor, draw, burning duration right to the very end."
Drew Estate Florida Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Another knockout by Drew Estate,Like always with Drew Estate worth every penny. Try it yourself none will be disappointed.
Drew Estate Florida Sun Grown,5 out of 5,THESE SHOULD BE RATED 94!,"These cigars have been the best I have ever had, just wanted to start off with that because I can't believe Cigar Aficionado rated them below 93! I let these sit in the humi sealed for close to a year (8 months) and my mind and taste buds were blown away! In all my years of cigars, I would rate this a solid 94 and a MUST HAVE! but you have to let them sit and wait!"
Drew Estate Florida Sun Grown,4 out of 5,smooth,smooth cooling finish.
Drew Estate Florida Sun Grown,5 out of 5,GET Drew Estate,Very good smoke. Nice slow burn.
Drew Estate Florida Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Excellent daily smoke,"Drew Estate has a rich history of putting out high quality cigars in my house, and with FSG they have hit another home run. I like the 60 rg size. It draws very well and smokes like a campfire. The Brazilian wrapper makes for a great flavor. I especially enjoy one with a glass of my favorite bourbon."
Drew Estate Florida Sun Grown,5 out of 5,florida home grown...,"Great feel, smell, taste, ash, and a lot of smoke."
Drew Estate Florida Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Cigar Aficionado top 25,"This cigar is headed for some major recognition. WOW!! What a great blend, with some of the first grown Florida Tobacco in years. Jeff Borysiewicz  and Jonathan Drew have nailed this one. Great smoke , Thanks giys."
Drew Estate Florida Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Good cigar.,Good cigar.
Drew Estate Florida Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Great smoke,The cigar was great right out of the box. It’s a great looking stick. The construction is top-notch. The draw is excellent it’s medium bodied and the flavor is fantastic
Drew Estate Florida Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Amazing Smoke,I believe that this tobacco is going to revolutionize the cigar industry. It is such an smooth and easy to smoke cigar.
Drew Estate Florida Sun Grown,5 out of 5,On my third box!,"I'm on my third box! This is quickly become one of my favorite cigars. Real smooth, typical of Johnathan and Willy."
Drew Estate Florida Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Earthy greatness,Earthy greatness
Drew Estate Florida Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Florida Sungrown,"Actually, the one I smoked early (I usually let some sit for a couple of months) was excellent in construction with an even burn and a long (half the robusto) ash. The early smoke was nicely flavored on the full side and never for the length of the cigar harsh in any way. Very smooth and pleasant. I’m impressed and Willy never fails — in my experience."
Drew Estate Florida Sun Grown,5 out of 5,full body smoke,As usual anything attached to Drew Estate smokes like a chimney and draws great. Perfect construction accents full body flavors with sweet orange citrus oaky finish initially and settles to a sweet cream about half way down. The strength amped up towards the final third but great full body flavors with thick and creamy smoke.
Drew Estate Florida Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Awesome,Great smooth smoke from beginning to end!
Drew Estate Florida Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Delivery service improvement,This is a very good cigar but the delivery service is terrible! It should not take 8 days to get a box of cigars!!
Drew Estate Florida Sun Grown,5 out of 5,A must,Well balanced smoke that is a joy and a must for those who want a great cigar.
Drew Estate Frenchies,4 out of 5,Good little smoke,"These are nice but, for the price, there should be 20 per pack..."
Drew Estate Frenchies,5 out of 5,Nice for a quick stick,Nice for a quick stick
Drew Estate Frenchies,5 out of 5,Nice a quick stick,Nice a quick stick
Drew Estate Frenchies,5 out of 5,I’m glad I found this,I’m glad I found this for a short quick fix!!!
Drew Estate Frenchies,5 out of 5,"Absolutely, Positively, 100% Solid Smoking Experience Here.....!","These, by far, have probably been one of the best cigarillos smoking experiences of my life! If you've ever tried the Acid C-notes, they are almost the same thing with a little less strong of a flavor. These and the Tabak cigarillos are hands down some of the best in the business. The Acid tobacco is infamous for its ""aromatic infusing"" technique and they have a tiny bit of a sweet dipping on the end. I would characterize the flavor as an almost ""incense"" flavored herbal infusing. I do not associate with anything herbal infused, or essential oils, or anything like that. I'm as moderate as they come. These, however, are perfect, perfect I tell you! If you need a quick 12 minute smoke, here's your thang. If you need to smoke something but do not want to bust out an hour long smoke, here's your thang! Buy these and you will not be disappointed I promise."
Drew Estate Frenchies,5 out of 5,Amazing quick smoke,The flavors and aromas are amazing
Drew Estate Frenchies,4 out of 5,Really good for people that,"Really good for people that don’t want something as sweet as a c note, not my favorite but still good!"
Drew Estate Frenchies,5 out of 5,Why haven't you bought these already?!,"Did the preorder and man am I blown away. Great construction, true tabak flavor and great price. Be aware though they burn fast and you might catch yourself chain smoking these things."
Drew Estate Herrera Esteli Brazilian Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"Great cigar, love the san andreas maduro wrapper. Smells great and smokes even better!"
Drew Estate Herrera Esteli Habano,4 out of 5,Love this stick! Have smoked,Love this stick! Have smoked them since released.
Drew Estate Herrera Esteli Habano,5 out of 5,I have been a fan,"I have been a fan of the Habano in the figurado vitola for a few years and the Lonsdale, whenever that size is available. When the Limited Edition was introduced I bought a box, and the cigars were so enjoyable I bought two more boxes. Hits all the scoring points for aroma, taste, even burn, and easy draw."
Drew Estate Herrera Esteli Miami,4 out of 5,Herrera Esteli Miami,It's a really smooth draw with hints raisins blk cherries and figs
Drew Estate Herrera Esteli Norteno,5 out of 5,One of my favorite cigars,Great smoke with great flavor
Drew Estate Herrera Esteli Norteno,5 out of 5,Norteno Toro,"My go to cigar, always burns well....... smooth but full bodied, cocoa and a bit of pepper. Disappointed that they arent box pressed anymore though"
Drew Estate Herrera Esteli Norteno,5 out of 5,Wonderful cigar!,Smooth smoke with flavors of earth and cocoa. One of my new favorites!
Drew Estate Herrera Esteli Norteno,5 out of 5,Norteno,I bought this 5 pack and it was a very good cigar. smoked my last one and ordered two boxes with the free cigars.this is a bold cigar with plenty of flavors.this is my go to cigar.also I want to thank all the people at CI for they're excellent work. I've always got my cigars on time and in great condition.
Drew Estate Herrera Esteli Norteno,5 out of 5,Best cigar ever!!,"This is the best cigar I have ever smoked. Razor sharp burn, perfect draw, and a flavor profile that suits my palate perfectly. I'd go far enough to rank it better than any other high end stick I've had. That includes the L.P. T52, No.9, Dirty Rat, L40, Padron 64 anny, and much more. Try it out. You won't be disappointed!"
Drew Estate Herrera Esteli Norteno,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"Incredible stick! Excellent flavor and draw. Get the robusto. I wouldn't recommend the corona like I got. gets too hot, and this stick you want to last longer anyway!"
Drew Estate Herrera Esteli Norteno,5 out of 5,Nat Buzzone,"The Drew Estate Norteno Fino was everything I expected. Excellent, full bodied and the finish was delicious. I did not want to put the cigar out, perfect smoke! Drw Estate hit in on the nose again, I am also a big fan of the Herrera Esteli."
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,Cigar review,Great cigars. All my friends smoke this brand of cigars.
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"I have smoked many different brands, by far this has been the best."
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"I like a little sweeter cigar. IdS really delivers. The flavor and aroma are tremendous. The consistency is always a smooth, easy draw, with an even burn throughout. A real pleasure to smoke at the end of the day."
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,Good cigar,Very goog cigar
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,excellent cigars,excellet
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,Excellent cigars,Excellent for the price
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,All time everyday smoke. A,All time everyday smoke. A must have.
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,Isla’s,"Always loved them, nice flavor, right size and smooth. I think they re getting a little pricey for what they are but they are good."
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,Mild consistent flavorful. My favorite,Mild consistent flavorful. My favorite
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,"A good cigar 4 the money, more constant than more expensive brands..Doesn't always burn properly but a minor issue..",c above
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"This is a great cigar, plenty of flavor along with a very smooth finish. One of my favorites by far!"
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,4 out of 5,Flavor,Not a bad smoke after a big meal.
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,Possibly new favorite,"Have had them before, but not being able to get my favorite CuAvava naturals this might now be my go to everyday cigar."
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,Buy for husband,I can’t give a rating I order cigars for my husband
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,Isla del Sol,Smoooooth
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,Isla del Sol,Nice mild cigar. Just the right length and gauge.
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,Enjoy these cigars from start,Enjoy these cigars from start to finish. They have a great taste yet mild to the draw. These are my go to cigars if all cigars!
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,Great taste and superior value,You can’t go wrong with is this stick. I have shared them with light smokers and those who prefer full flavor and both throughly enjoy them.
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,I tried these and I,I tried these and I really liked them. Very smooth
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,4 out of 5,Love the flavor. And the,Love the flavor. And the price. Great everyday stick
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,"Light, smooth & flavorful. Tried","Light, smooth & flavorful. Tried knockoffs & there was no comparison. Will stick with the real thing going foreword."
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,"Very sweet, mild flavored smoke","Very sweet, mild flavored smoke"
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,4 out of 5,Flavor,"really smooth.
Good stick."
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,my go to cigar,What can I say about these. Outstanding in every way. Not the most expensive but the quality is there. Love 'em
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,Great for a short smoke,Great for a short smoke and very satisfying!
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,Very Pleased,"This is the 2nd box of Isla I've bought and could not be more pleased. The cigars are fresh, packed well and arrived when promised."
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,4 out of 5,Tastefully smooth,"One of my favorite go to cigars. Sweet start and a smooth, mildly rich finish."
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,Perfections,This cigar is the perfect end of the day for me. It burns evenly and is an easy draw. It also compliments my Makers Mark. It doesn’t get any better than this 😁
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,Taste of home while deployed,I enjoy this flavorful cigar every morning with my coffee while sitting on the roof watching the sun rise over the Hindu Kush mountains
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,4 out of 5,Quick,"Not to bad for a quick smoke. I could do without the sweet tip. Don't get excited, this 10 pack only comes in a paper not a tin box."
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,Great Smoke!,"Great smoke! Smooth, slight flavor, easy draw. Probably my favorite cigar."
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,Best cigar!,All I can say is “it is the only cigar that I smoke!”.
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Love them as an alternative to the Clean Robusto of Drew Estates.
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,4 out of 5,Just enough flavor,"I'm not a huge flavored cigar Guy but Isla del Sol has jast enough flavor to make it really enjoyable.
Mike"
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,4 out of 5,good cigars,good for the price!!!!
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,Great stick,"A friend game me one of these to try, I immediely fell in love with it, had to order my own. Great stick!"
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,Good Stuff,Really smooth and creamy chocolate smoke. Great down to the nub! Tastes like Swiss miss hot chocolate.
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,4 out of 5,Great Smoke With A Few Challenges,"Now for flavor these cigars get a 5 out of 5. The issues I have had with many of the sizes is that the wrap tends to crack and split and sometimes flake off. The ends tend to be fragile and I have ruined some even with a brand new cutter. I have made several orders and this tends to be the norm. They seem to be fragile cigars. Truth be told the best way I have found to smoke them is by puncturing the end with a toothpick in 3 to 5 spots, amazing draw without ruining the end. They burn fairly quickly which is to be expected as it is not a tightly wrapped cigar. Now should you not ruin the end and get a good light, it will be one of the best cigars you have ever had. Think of these as the upscale luxury version of Trader Jacks (with way better draw)."
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,3 out of 5,isla del Sol churchill,"If you like a flavored cigar it’s ok. Too sweet on the tongue for
My taste. Prefer a non flavored cigar. Good draw, very sweet taste"
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,Always in my humidor,"Infused cigars are my go to smoke and Isla Del Sol are one of my guaranteed go to cigars. Been buying these for about 3 years now and the quality and flavor are always consistently top tier. If you’re in the market for a smooth, light, infused smoke with an amazing fragrance, this should be in your humidor."
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,Love it,Very good 👍
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,service and quality,I have purchased the Toro Isla del Sol by Drew Estate for several years . Although the price continues to increase it is still the best cigar for the price that I have ever smoked. The quality and service is exceptional.
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,Great buy!,I was introduced to these cigarillos about a year ago and have not stopped re-upping my supply! Great quick smoke if you don’t have time to smoke a full cigar. Sweet and light!
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,Drew E state,I give these a size star up they are great nice school mellow taste good have a nice slow burn time as ball would order again thank you
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,4 out of 5,Tasty little smoke,"It's a nice little cigar if your just wanting to have a quality smoke, a good beer, and chill in the back yard."
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,Excellent tast,Excellent tast
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,Excellent taste,Excellent taste
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,Kuba who?,"I was skeptical when we got these at the cigar bar. They were out of Kuba Kuba and I was told these were the “cheaper” version. Still made by Drew Estate. I have to say, I’m a fan now. Burns great, subtle coffee and not too sweet of a tip. These will be a staple in my humidor."
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,4 out of 5,Light but full of flavor,"You can definitely taste the coffee especially with the sweet tip. While smooth, not as smooth as a Tabak or Fat Bottom Betty, both being tremendously smooth and delicious. This one is great for the price and burns evenly. Great budget cigar and perfect for a budget gift as well. For days you really want to end the day perfectly, move to Tabak or Betty but this one is not bad."
Drew Estate Isla del Sol,5 out of 5,Consistently good budget cigar,Definitely box Worthy And if you ask me. The best budget stick. Non compare The gran Cronin is the best size if you ask me. And they are always consistent.
Drew Estate Larutan,4 out of 5,Sweerness,This is a loosely rolled cigar. Descent smoke if your into flavors.
Drew Estate Larutan,3 out of 5,Ok,They were ok but not really to my taste! I always try different sticks an sometimes you get this!
Drew Estate Larutan,5 out of 5,Great cigar for a quick smoke,These little guys are great when I want to get a quick smoke in. Flavorful and short 20/30 min burn Time.
Drew Estate Larutan,5 out of 5,Great flavor,"It is sweet, but it is a great flavor! I will definitely be buying more of these."
Drew Estate Larutan,5 out of 5,MMM mellow-medium-maduro,"Absolutely purchased this little gem out of curiosity but was pleasantly surprised. It has everything you would expect out of a maduro spice, leather & cedar but this cigar also boasts foot smoke that smells of dark chocolate."
Drew Estate Larutan,5 out of 5,Favorite cigar,Must try.
Drew Estate Larutan,4 out of 5,Fast convenient and a great,Fast convenient and a great value!
Drew Estate Larutan,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Smooth creamy mellow
Drew Estate Larutan,4 out of 5,Nice and smooth taste,Nice and smooth taste
Drew Estate Larutan,5 out of 5,Goto for those short on,"Goto for those short on time. Sweet, smooth, and tasty."
Drew Estate Larutan,4 out of 5,nice a little,good to repeat
Drew Estate Larutan,5 out of 5,My Favorite!!!,My favorite cigar!!!!
Drew Estate Larutan,5 out of 5,Second best flavored,Second best flavored
Drew Estate Larutan,5 out of 5,My DE favorite...,What a girl that Lucy is... Outstanding flavor.
Drew Estate Larutan,5 out of 5,"My favorite, go-to cigar","My favorite, go-to cigar"
Drew Estate Larutan,5 out of 5,The Natural,Good cigars and great service
Drew Estate Larutan,5 out of 5,Sheridan,Great taste. Nice smell
Drew Estate Larutan,4 out of 5,Nice little smoke,I really like the taste of these. My only complaint is that the cigar usually starts to fall apart towards the end of smoking it.
Drew Estate Larutan,4 out of 5,"Read it, its a small cigar!!!!",Good smoke as a quick break in the day. These babies are small!!!!!
Drew Estate Larutan,4 out of 5,DE,They were definitely a little dry. But overall great smoke.
Drew Estate Larutan,5 out of 5,These are my favorites,"I love the Drew Estate line of cigars. Always love the natural series, and the Acid series. These are a medium bodied cigar with chocolate overtones. These are definitely my favorites, I’ve purchased several boxes of them over the last couple years."
Drew Estate Larutan,5 out of 5,Sweet smoke,"Bold yet mild, a true flavor cigar easy and enjoyable to smoke. Good draw, taste and stays lit until the end."
Drew Estate Larutan,5 out of 5,Great cigar,These are great cigars. Good burn good smoke all around great cigar. I definitely purchase again.
Drew Estate Larutan,5 out of 5,so far so good,Just started using CI. Delivery takes a bit . but so far product is good .
Drew Estate Larutan,5 out of 5,Good Smoke,liked the smoke
Drew Estate Larutan,4 out of 5,Dirt torp,More sweet than dirty!
Drew Estate Larutan,5 out of 5,Smooth Sweet Smoke,"Very smooth, chocolate sweet. Good for a day in the field."
Drew Estate Larutan,3 out of 5,Drew Estate Larutan Big Dirt,Just o.k.-Not my favorite
Drew Estate Larutan,5 out of 5,Drew's review,"As usual, the cigars are quality"
Drew Estate Larutan,5 out of 5,One hell of a good smoke!,"I didnt know what to expect but i thought let me give it a try after all it is by Drew Estate, live the wonder flavor that it leaves in my mouth, i got a good smoke and it burned nice and even. Definitely adding to my top 10 list."
Drew Estate Larutan,5 out of 5,Sweeet,Good even burn and has a sweet touch. Another great buy from drew estate.
Drew Estate Larutan,5 out of 5,Always fresh and flavorful,These cigars are always very fresh and full of flavor. I was looking for a replacement to my discontinued Kahluas and I definitely found them.
Drew Estate Larutan,5 out of 5,Favorite cigar,"I don’t always like sweet cigars but when I do this is my all time favorite, always keep a few in the box"
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,5 out of 5,One of the best cigars,One of the best cigars out there!
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,4 out of 5,Drew Estate Irish Hops,Not a bad smoke bought a box of 24 on offer for just under a $100 bucks a good hour smoke with a very slight flavor most burnt well I would describe as medium strength would buy them again
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,5 out of 5,Tasty!,"Nice infused smoke, these and Isla Del Sols are great."
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,5 out of 5,My favorite,My favorite
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Go to with a cup of coffee. Once in awhile you get a tight draw one. Really like this one.
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,5 out of 5,new to me,"Surprising smooth. Start to finish, an excellent cigar"
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,5 out of 5,Lucky Charms,Smell and taste like lucky charms cereal. Nice sweetness and even burn!
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,4 out of 5,Nice taste,Nice taste
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,5 out of 5,Great breakfast or morning cigar,excellent construction and smoke. Flavor is awesome - I keep a good supply of these.
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,5 out of 5,Favorite Five,One of my top favorites...quality with just enough sweetness to satisfy...
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,5 out of 5,One of my new favorites!!!,"If you like infused this ones a daisy!! Super smooth, creamy and a long smoke."
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,5 out of 5,Not all that surprising,"I ordered a box to try them...as soon as I did, I ordered two more boxes halfway through the first smoke."
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,5 out of 5,The Irish is neck and,The Irish is neck and neck with the English.
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,5 out of 5,Irish Hops Desert After a Fine Meal,"I like to enjoy an Irish Hops after a fine meal. It's sweet tip, great tobacco, fine aroma make it the ultimate cigar for smoking after enjoying almost any kind of meal. The tobacco blend is phenomenal, never harsh all the way to the end. The construction is consistently very good to excellent. It always lights perfectly and remains enjoyable to the very end. TBH I only put it out when my fingers start to burn - it never turns bitter even to the end. This cigar lasts about an hour, so it's great to smoke with a friend and carrying on a good conversation. Try one and see for yourself."
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,5 out of 5,A great pick me up stick!,"This stick is great paired with your favorite cup of Joe! Nice even ash, a well balanced, smooth draw!"
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,5 out of 5,Can't Miss,"A Go-to Cigar, for any time!"
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,5 out of 5,great cigar,"Great cigar sweet nice slow burn great to the finish, think I found my favorite!"
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,5 out of 5,saturday morning stick,"best morning cigar to pair with coffee. this is my saturday morning stick. smooth draw, flavor is great and keeps an even burn all the way through."
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,5 out of 5,Best,Best
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,5 out of 5,.y Goto Cigar,"Have tried numerous cigars, These are top of the line for me Burns even,Stays lite will order again soon"
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,5 out of 5,Infusion at its best,"I just received these from the post and smoked one. These are amazing great taste , even burn , great draw, wonderful aroma, fantastic price, and a five pack sampler. Drew Estate is my favorite so far all there products have bee top notch."
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,5 out of 5,What a deal!,I bought a ten pack of the regulars and I love them so I bought a box of the Irish hops if they are as they are reviewed I'll keep them in my humidors rotation you can not beat the price for twenty-four premo cigars and I got a sampler five pack of drew estates with my order keep them coming CI
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,5 out of 5,I dont usually do reviews but...,"I recieved one of these in the CI gourmet infused sampler and I've only been smoking it for about 5 mins and I'm already blown away! It burns so evenly and you get a good bit of smoke in every hit so they're packed perfectly. Not too loose, not too tight. The flavor is so rich! I dont write reviews but this is definately in my top 3 cigars period!"
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,5 out of 5,favorite,Love the smooth rich taste. This is by far my most favorite cigar. Even the wife likes the taste.
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,5 out of 5,Pleasantly Surprised,"I never would have tried it based on the name. However, I received a Drew sample pack with it. It's now one of my favorites. Great construction sweet, smooth and creamy."
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Burns even and stays lit without having to re-light. Great tasting cigar. Another great product by Drew.
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,5 out of 5,Excellent!,So Good. In my top 5 rotation now.
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,4 out of 5,Don't miss this one!,Smooth with a pleasing sweetness. Now one of my favorites!
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,5 out of 5,Irish Hops Review,"If you are looking for a sweet great tasting cigar, look no further. This is by far my favorite infused cigar. I have probably smoked more than a thousand of them. No joke."
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,4 out of 5,My wife likes the aroma,My wife likes the aroma of the Irish Hops so that makes our golf game a little more enjoyable.
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,5 out of 5,Love the flavor of this,Love the flavor of this cigar. My favorite go-to cigar.
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,5 out of 5,Great cigars,"Love the taste, very pleasant. I highly recommend them"
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,5 out of 5,Cigars,"Great cigar, taste great and smooth! I will be buying a lot more!"
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,5 out of 5,I did this Good smok,"I did this
Good smok burned even little burn good taste"
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,5 out of 5,"Nice, Mellow & Smooth Smoke","I think this is one of the best cigars in the Larutan / Natural line up! Its nice, mellow, smooth and sweet smoke! I keep these stocked in my humidor."
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,In my opinion it's the best of the Larutan/Natural line.
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,5 out of 5,My favorite,ENJOY!
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Irish Hops,5 out of 5,Irish hops,Excellent. You need to restock bandidos
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Pimp Sticks,5 out of 5,DE does it again,Excellent stick. No complaints so far from my husband. Everything noted is tasted. He’s had two so far and even right out of the wrapper the first one was awesome. The second was in the humidifier about a week and just as good. It’s awesome when a cigar can taste that good without having to sit in your humidifier.
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Pimp Sticks,5 out of 5,Larutan Pimp sticks Very Nice.,Great Smoke!
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Pimp Sticks,5 out of 5,"burns well, flavourful, one of","burns well, flavourful, one of my favs"
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Pimp Sticks,4 out of 5,"Like them. Mild, easy draw,","Like them. Mild, easy draw, pleasant aroma"
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Pimp Sticks,5 out of 5,Good 30min smoke,"This cigar is not infused like Acids but has a similar taste. Like a subtle Acid taste without any sweetened cap. It does have a little spice or pepper kick in it which is very nice. Still a medium at most bodies cigar. The standard out factor with this cigar is that it’s fast burning. I’ve smoked many Drew Estate cigars, this one is the quickest. It’s a 30min smoke which can be nice, I’m not always looking to spend an hour outside."
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Pimp Sticks,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,I'm a big Drew Estate fan and this is one of the best I have had....highly recommend..
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Pimp Sticks,4 out of 5,Not as sweet as Irish Hops and some others,"I like the blend, shape, size, and feel....a bit more sweet would be nice, but they are good for a change of pace and for sitting out in the backyard and taking a hour or so from life with a good craft beer. This box will last into next Summer {don't smoke outdoors as much in the winter, and I don't some in the house} so it will be interesting to see how I mix these in with the Irish Hops, and related Drew Estate Acids in my Humidor....that usually tells me how much I really like them, by how fast they disappear."
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Pimp Sticks,5 out of 5,Natural’s,These cigars are one of my favorite go-to smokes. Very satisfying and not overpowering!!!
Drew Estate Larutan Ltd. Pimp Sticks,5 out of 5,I'm an amateur cigar smoker,"I'm an amateur cigar smoker at best, but these are one of my favorites. Most of the time I like a stronger cigar, but these sweet and mild sticks hit the spot. Easy smoke, lights easy, burns evenly."
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,4 out of 5,Great,Nice smoke 👍
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,5 out of 5,Great things come in small packages,My favorite. A quick delicious smoke. Great draw. Just a perfect 15 min cigar.
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,5 out of 5,Liga satisfaction,I'm so glad that Drew Estate makes the Liga Coronets. They are excellent smoke and perfect for when you don't have time to smoke a full cigar.
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,5 out of 5,Great cigars,Great cigars
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,4 out of 5,Good little cigar.,Good little cigar.
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,5 out of 5,A Wow Cigar!,A wow cigar that will become a regular in my humidor. I smoked my first one last night until it was burning my lips.
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,5 out of 5,Fantastic flavor,"If you have never enjoyed a Liga Privada #9, you have been missing out. This is a smoke filled with flavor, full-bodied without ever getting harsh...and the tubo is the best of them all."
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,5 out of 5,Fantastic choice for when time,Fantastic choice for when time is limited
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,4 out of 5,Perfect when short on time.,"In my line of work, you may get 15 minutes to smoke max. These little guys are great for short time but long great flavor."
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,3 out of 5,Good For What They Are...,"These small cigars are pretty decent. Nowhere close to the quality of the full-sized, but I had no expectation that they would be.
The slightly bigger and pricier Pequenos by Cohiba are far superior, in my opinion."
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,5 out of 5,Almost identical to the regular sizes,"One of my favorite cigarillos. Flavor is there, full body. Almost identical for the bigger versions."
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,5 out of 5,Pricey but good,This is the best cigar Drew Estate makes! Although the price has gotten a little ridiculous I would still recommend this cigar
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,4 out of 5,No.9,Excellent cigar in a small pack!
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,5 out of 5,My New Favorite,I picked up a Robusto single at my local shop and gave it a try. So far I have to say this is my favorite. Nice burn & ash with only one touch up towards the end. Detected the chocolate and pepper hints but being a new smoker I don’t always taste the flavors people say they get. About a 1.5 hr smoke for me drawing about twice per minute. Will definitely be adding some of these to my inventory
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,5 out of 5,Ligament Privada #9,Great price and great cigar. Very complex and always consistent.
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,5 out of 5,Liga #9,"Love them, I’ve smoked a lot of cigars and I wasn’t a big fan of heavy Maduro’s, man did that change after I smoked a sampler of Liga #9. As soon as they were back in stock I ordered my first box and it won’t be my last."
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,5 out of 5,Liga 9 robusto,"I bought a box and stayed objectively,good burn, perfect draw,rich and smooth creamy smoke,age tobbacoo flavor,dark coffee sweet notes,i use 1926 padrons as my benchmark and these are right up there,not as strong though, but that could be a good thing,overall everytime i smoke one i always think there Unbeilevable... Im not a liga 9 fanboy,youll have to take my word..."
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,5 out of 5,The best on the market,Certainly one of the finest cigars I have ever had! Superb!
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,4 out of 5,Great taste,Good cigar for not alot of time to smoke. Tastes great and yet the price is a little steep on these boys. They are worth the money.
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,4 out of 5,Very Good cigar. Just not,Very Good cigar. Just not big enough
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,5 out of 5,#9 the best,This is by far the best stick I have ever enjoyed
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,5 out of 5,"Great, smooth tasting stick! My","Great, smooth tasting stick! My buddies and I enjoyed them this weekend at our college Homecoming! We were the envy of the crowd!"
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,5 out of 5,Outstanding Smoke,Outstanding Smoke
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,4 out of 5,Liga Privada,Good from beginning to end. My wife hid them from me so I don’t smoke them all too fast. I’ll miss her.
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,5 out of 5,The most enjoyable cigar I,The most enjoyable cigar I have ever smoked.
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,5 out of 5,No. 9 Flying Pig,Best I've had in a while………..
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,4 out of 5,great full smoke,great full smoke
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,5 out of 5,Liga Privada No 9,Liga Privada No 9 is the finest cigar I have ever smoked. I only wish you had more inventory.
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,4 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,2 out of 5,Too small of a cigar,Too small of a cigar
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,5 out of 5,Best around !,"Great smoke ! Even burn ! Nice drawl ! This cigar has an earthy , leathery, pepper taste on more of the full flavor side. Its probably my favorite go to cigars!!!!"
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,3 out of 5,Size is not right,The perfect size in my eyes is 6 by 60. That is why I think these are not 10 stars
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,5 out of 5,Speechless!!! :-),The Liga No. ( is one of my top 5 favorite sticks of all time! Drew Estate has miraculously made it even better! Way to go!!!
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,5 out of 5,Great smoke. Definitely recommend,Great smoke. Definitely recommend
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,5 out of 5,Love them,Love them
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,5 out of 5,Liga Pravada,Still the best non Cuban Cigar ever.
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,5 out of 5,Maybe the best small smoke I've ever had.,"Since the beginning, I've adored the Liga Privada No 9. As everyone is aware, they are now very hard to obtain; and quite pricey. Now available in the smaller size, they are the absolute best when you don't have an hour or 90 minutes to invest. Talk about concentrated quality. This is the most intensely flavorful 30 minutes you'll likely ever have."
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,5 out of 5,Must buy cigar of all time.,One of the finest smoke I ever smoked. best strong aroma and smooth draw.
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,5 out of 5,My Review on No. 9,"After reading a few of the reviews I opted to pickup a fiver' (robusto) and I'm very glad I did. The sticks arrived today after being on backorder. Couldn't wait another minute had to light up. I've smoked some of the other DE products and I was impressed although I'm not much on flavored sticks. A double cap, with a beautiful dark brown wrapper and firm pack. Beautiful seams. I used a V cut. The band came off without tearing the wrapper. On the nose before lighting I can pick up a rich tobacco smell. Pre-light draw was for me ""Goldie Locks"", not to tight and not too loose. Yep, just right for me. About an inch into the stick and it's burning very evenly with a light tight ash and plenty of smoke output. I put the smoke down and returned after four minutes and it was like I never walked away....just the way I like. I paired the stick with Buchanan's Deluxe 12 year blended scotch. Ran out of scotch and switched to Diplomatico Reserva Exclusiva rum. The flavor profile remained the same through out. Overall, delicious. Glad I tried these sticks."
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar. Highly recommend,Excellent cigar. Highly recommend
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,4 out of 5,An even better No. 9,"A beautifully constructed, flavorful cigar!"
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,5 out of 5,Viva,Good like the 9 corona double
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,5 out of 5,Excellent flavor,Excellent flavor
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,5 out of 5,#9 Corona Viva,This is a superb cigar with ample smoke time and delicious flavors.
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,5 out of 5,#9 premiere cigar,"These cigars are a top pick in any humidor, to put it in simple terms they are delicious !! A nice couple hour smoke that doesn’t disappoint until you hit the nub and wish there was more"
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,5 out of 5,Liga Of It's Own!,"This is the best cigar to hit the streets in over a decade. It is the Full Monte when it comes to Cigars. I guarantee, you will not be disappointed. Enjoy....
""Glendale Grit."""
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,5 out of 5,Drew Estates,No 9 great smoke. Undercrown sungrown not so great.
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,5 out of 5,Phenomenal,I've always loved Liga Privada No. 9. The only thing ever keeping me from buying a box of them wasn't the price tag but the ring gauges. I'm not a fan of bigger ring gauges and #9 typically runs big (for my standards). When I saw they released the 6' 46 gauge I bought a box the day it was released! Only thing you need to know is they taste phenomenal. My wife happened to be sitting outside with me when I was smoking one and she is not a fan of my darker cigars and she even said it smelled great. The smoke billows off the cigar in creamy waves. If you're a fan of dark cigars with lots of flavor grab yourself a box of these ASAP before the limited release size is gone!
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,The Liga Privada No. 9 Corona Viva is a wonderful addition to this cigar line. I was expecting it to burn hotter and faster due to the slimmer gauge but it was as good as the other sizes in this line. I would not hesitate to recommend this cigar.
Drew Estate Liga Privada No. 9,5 out of 5,Flying Pig,Wish it was longer. Great smoke
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,T-52,"Smooth earthy flavor, great smoke"
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,Best cigar ever had,Best cigar ever had
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,One of the best smokes,One of the best smokes I’ve ever experienced.
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,Great smoke especially if you,Great smoke especially if you want to have a quick one
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,I've loved the T52 since,I've loved the T52 since it first came out. I've favored it over the 9 since day one. It's nice to have them in a small format for a quick smoke.
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,T52 Coronets,Nice for a short smoke. Perfect for times when you don't have a lot of time to sit and enjoy a full cigar.
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,4 out of 5,Love the cigar. These arrived,Love the cigar. These arrived dry and 2 were unraveling!
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,Excellent cigarillo,These are pretty great for cigarillos. More flavor than you'd expect and a higher quality than I'm used to from the format. If you want a quick smoke and like dark cigars you'll be very happy.
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,T52 Robusto,Great smoke. Even burn. Very pleasurable. Shipping was quick.
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,Great!!!!!!,Great stick
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,4 out of 5,Good Smoke.,Liga Privada T-52 will be always a good a smoke. Cigars arrived in good shape but one of them was a bit dry.
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,One of my top 5!,"The T52 is very well constructed, and the flavor and smoke is consistent from the light. A little pricey,but worth the money for a special occasion type cigar."
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,Doesn't have to be Cuban to be good!,"I thought Cohibas were good until I tried these! I can't put the smoke into words but, if you try one of these you'll know what I'm talking about. Just a super smooth, flavorful cigar!"
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,Fantastic Stick!,Fantastic stick! I was gifted my first from a more well versed aficionado. At this point I've probably smoked a dozen or more. Long story short I love them full flavor but super smooth at the same time. They seem to be extremely well constructed too as I gave when to a friend that decide to chew on it for a few hours before lighting it. Not what a cigar is made for especially a good one like these but whatever.... Long story short it held up fine and once he finally started smoking he was thoroughly impressed. I do not condone cigar chewing LOL!
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,Smooth,When I want a quick smoke and want a quality smooth cigarillo type This one is second to none
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,Indulgence at its Best,"One of the best smoking cigars. Super smooth, incredible flavor. Well worth the price."
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,4 out of 5,Great!,Great cigar! Drew Estate never lets me down.
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,awesome stick,excellent choice
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,T-52,excellent smoke i love it i wish i could get a deal on them
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,Ultimate Satisfaction,"T52 Toro. Without a doubt one of my favorite cigars. A superbly tasty, slow burning, and very well constructed smoke that always hits the spot. But if you are patient enough to put a year or more aging time in the humidor these become the ultimate satisfaction cigar. Just out of this world pleasure. Stock up and let some rest and you'll see what I'm talking about."
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,Flying Pig - love it!,"Fabulous smoke. I hosted a cigar and scotch event to raise money for charity. Everyone got one of these smokes. Beautiful. Much more approachable than I expected. Smooth, even and flavourful. I'll be buying more."
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,Great service,Everything was great.
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,Liga Privada,Simply the best cigar I have smoked
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,Great smoke. Worth every pennie,Great smoke. Worth every pennie
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,Outstanding Cigar,Outstanding Cigar
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,4 out of 5,It was a good buy,"It was a good buy for the price with the extra gifted cigars, the only reason giving 4 🌟 is because my box isn't ready to smoke came a little dry but that's is somewhat expected. For the most part very pleased"
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,great,great
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,4 out of 5,Flying Pig,Great cigar.
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,Cant have enough in the humidor!
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,Best one yet!,"I love this smoke, best one I have had up to this point!"
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,Never disappoints,Amazing smoke as usual. Spicy with notes of Vanilla. I am a big fan of the Flying Pig whether it is an Undercrown or T52. I still want to try the Flying Pig No 9 from Liga Privada....
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,2 out of 5,Overrated,"A tasty but VERY overrated cigar. I've purchased many of these from CI & their affiliate sites and these have had an inordinate amount of construction issues, in particular the wrapper....cracks, bald spots....I really think Drew Estate is an overrated company when you consider what you spend for these."
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,Great Smoke!,As always Liga Privada is a fantastic cigar and the T52 just adds to their repertoire!
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,My Favorite!,My Favorite!
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,Phenomenal smoke,Just about everything that Jonathan Drew touches turns to gold. The Liga Prevada line is excellent and the T52 aims to please.......even for a novice smoker like myself.
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,Outstanding,Outstanding
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,Great Buy,One of the best deals scored on Make me an Offer. Just in time for the holidays!
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,4 out of 5,Good as usual but...,"Liga Privada is one of my favorite smokes. Love the No 9 and its variety. I go to my cigar lounge around town and I enjoy them so now I decided to order some and add them to my personal collection. Good as well but I do not know what is going on but I already had two of them and they burn uneven and need a retouch. Anyway, not a complaint... these cigars are fantastic. The other day I was leaving from work and when holding the door I saw a guy coming up holding a cigar and I said straight and without hesitation...""Drew Estate Liga Privada""...he stopped and we spend at least 15 minutes talking about cigars. So, if you are a serious cigar aficionado, get them, there is a lot to loose if you do not do it...!"
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,Excellent Smoke!,"I love the smoothness and pepper taste, perfect draw!"
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,Happy-52,"Marvelous .
Will be ordering more soon.
Was truly in my happy place."
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,WOW!!,"After falling in love with Liga #9's to the point that it is in my top 5 I decided to give the T52 a try.
Bought a box and tried one right away...totally disappointed as it kept going out and just didn't smoke well. HOWEVER, after letting them aclimate in my humidor for a few weeks and trying again all I can say is WOW! An amazing stick that is easily up there with the #9 if not barely surpassing it. I will be buying another box and this is now also in my top 5. About as perfect as you can get. But don't buy them because I want them all!"
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,Amazing,"What a smoke! Worth the $$. I'm not a connoisseur, I'm more of an educated layman, so here's my take:
Build is top notch. Draw is super open. On lighting I got flavor notes of citrus and vanilla. Then it turned pleasantly spicy, with cherry and chocolate. Toward the nub it turned on the power, losing flavor but the draw was wide open the whole time. This was a fantastic smoke, might be one of my new favorites. As a warning, this cigar isn't for the beginner, it's very strong and powerful, but all the while staying smooth, never raspy or bitter, but it would put a novice on their butt."
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,Wonderful! My Husband was/is very,Wonderful! My Husband was/is very happy!
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,Awesome!,Cigars International is phenomenal! Great customer service and excellent prices.
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,Perfect,"Fast shipping. Recieved in great condition. ROTT tasted fantastic. The rest resting until theyre called upon. Great flavor profile in my rotation consisting of Mi Amor Mondays, No.9 & T52 Tuesdays, Bijou 1922 Wednesdays, Serie R Thursdays, Fuente Fridays, Melanio Saturdays, and Padron Sundays."
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,A Liga of its own,I'm glad the Drew Estate employees released this great cigar to the public. This robusto is full flavored and enjoyable. Mid-way it just explodes in spicy sensations of the thick smoke on each draw. High quality smoke. Great segue to the Liga Privada No 9
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,It's a great slow enriched burn.,I smoked mine with Japanese Hibiki 21 whiskey. It's to be admired rich dark big smoke. If I had to compare it's close to Padron 1926. It's Certified
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,Amazing cigar,My favorite cigar. Has a nice peppery spice at the end. Definitely worth the price.
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,T52 or #9,Love the Liga Privada line of cigars. I bought a 5 pack of the T52's and a 5 pack of the #9's to compare before spending $$ on a box. I will stock my humidor with the one I feel is the best...
Drew Estate Liga Privada T52,5 out of 5,T52 is the bomb!,a delicious full bodied smoke from beginning to end. Not a smoke to be in a hurry with.
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,5 out of 5,All the L.P. stuff is,"All the L.P. stuff is amazing, especially the Unico series. The Velvet Rat is very smooth and packed with flavor. Thoroughly enjoying them!"
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,5 out of 5,velvet rat,"velvet rat, so far my favorite....so smooth imo"
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,5 out of 5,Nasty Fritas,Wonderful smoke. Small in size and funny shape but this cigar burns and tastes wonderful. Definitely a must-have in your humidor.
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,3 out of 5,Not bad,"Good flavor, but didn't realize the small ring gauge."
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,5 out of 5,++++Great++++,++++Great++++
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,3 out of 5,Papas Fritas,great for a twenty five minute smoke
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,My favorite smoke by far!
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,5 out of 5,Great little smoke,Great little smoke
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,4 out of 5,Delicious,Delicious
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,Excellent smoke
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,5 out of 5,It my go to stick,Love the papa Fritas for the price and quality you can’t beat it..
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,5 out of 5,Velvet Rat,Great smoke!
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,5 out of 5,Rat series,The velvet is smooth elegant but has enough straightforward flavor you know it’s a rat.
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,5 out of 5,Best Little Smoke for the Money,"I have been smoking cigars since I was 12. My grandpa was a foreman in a cigar factory in Allentown, PA and started me smoking at Thanksgiving Dinner in 1963. I am a huge fan of Drew Estates, even if the philistines at Swisher Sweets did buy them. Be that all as it may, these are simply the best cigar for the money. It's a annotated Liga Privada and you won't find anything like it for the same money."
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,5 out of 5,Great patio cigar,Great patio cigar
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,5 out of 5,Typical Liga excellence,An awesome little cigar. Awesome flavor with a great draw and burn. Only drawback is it ends too fast. I’m glad the box has 50 of these little suckers.
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,5 out of 5,Wow,I recently bought a Box of the velvet rat and this cigar was wonderful from start to finish perfect burn
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,5 out of 5,Liga Parvada Papas Fritas,"If I can't smoke Liga Pravada #9 or Papas Fritas, I just don't smoke."
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,5 out of 5,Liga privada,"The best, a man can ask for. Smooth, flavorful and tasty........"
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,5 out of 5,A MUST,"If there were 10 stars, this one would get it. Absolutely the best DE cigar out there. Pricy but with every $ you spend on them. Dark, strong, robust but smooth and fantastic burn and draw."
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,5 out of 5,Fantastic,Fantastic cigar with tons of flavor and draw. Perfect afternoon smoke
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,5 out of 5,Definite Buy,Strong and small but never the less a fantastic stick
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,5 out of 5,Great stick,"Although this cigar is extremely hard to find, it is well worth the effort"
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,5 out of 5,Top Notch,The DE VR is never a disappointment and one of the best Liga’s in their lineup!
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,5 out of 5,Amazing little smokes,If your a Liga fan these are amazing!!
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,5 out of 5,Amazing,"Fantastic burn, smokes like a chimney. Definitely my favorite cigar!"
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,3 out of 5,Need to mellow in humidor,Need to mellow in humidor
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,5 out of 5,Waited over 3 years,"Since moving from Co. could not find these anywhere!
Great smoke, right up there with #9"
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,5 out of 5,DO NOT BUY...,I want them all for myself :)
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,5 out of 5,Perfect small cigar!,"This is the perfect cigar for the times you only want half of a GREAT cigar! You just can't go wrong with a Liga 9, T52, or a Papas Fritas...Thank you Jonathan for making my life better with these special smokes. Also thank you for the great times in KC when you were here. Great cigars and BBQ...and a couple of beverages!! You Rock!"
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,5 out of 5,The perfect cigar!!,"I hesitate to write a good review only because these cigars are already hard to get, however they are literally the perfect smoke. First they are consistent, with a powerfull silky smooth draw that gives you volumes of smoke. Their architecture is perfect down to the pig tail that you just twist off eliminating the need for a cutter and I never have any burn issues, no canoeing doesn't keep going out burns square and true. Can't say enough good things about this tasty little gar."
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,5 out of 5,Old Faithful,"Great quick, flavorful stick that always hits the spot"
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,4 out of 5,Good Smoke - But Short Fillers,"Enjoyed the smoke - nice size for a quick puff... Quality Tobacco, However not a fan of short fillers...esp at the asking price..Prob better off with a Fuente Short Story at a lower cost..I am a Liga Fan however--- Enjoyed...but my opinion is there are better options elsewhere.."
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,5 out of 5,Papas Fritas,Great smoke and for a really good price! thanks
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,5 out of 5,Papas Freitas review,Best cigar ever for the price I'm hooked
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,4 out of 5,Yes,Nice Short smoke
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,5 out of 5,Great! Would definitely order again.,"The whole process was very smooth, the package arrived quickly, and the cigars were great."
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,5 out of 5,They are awesome,", the aroma and flavor is rich and delicious"
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,3 out of 5,Comes up short,This little monster just needs more burn time. Nice typical Liga smoke profile that burns quick and is hot to the tongue in under 20-25 mins.
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,5 out of 5,Little guys bia taste,This little guys are just as good as their big brothers!
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,5 out of 5,Short and to the point,This is a great little cigar if your day has gotten away from you and you're looking for a short smoke. Nice and smooth. It starts of a little sweet then a hint of pepper on the back end.
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,5 out of 5,Papas fritas,"Very quick, thanks"
Drew Estate Liga Privada Unico Series,5 out of 5,Nice cigars for the price!,Nice easy smoking cigar.And perfect when you don't have a hour to smoke one.
Drew Estate MUWAT,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,Great smoke!
Drew Estate MUWAT,5 out of 5,Rich Tobacco,Always a fine choice.
Drew Estate MUWAT,4 out of 5,MUWAT,Great cigar and good draw. Only had one that was so so in a pack of 20. Rest were great and ordered more.
Drew Estate MUWAT,5 out of 5,Very good cigar for fairly,Very good cigar for fairly mild but good dry hand long ashes
Drew Estate MUWAT,5 out of 5,awesome little power house cigars,Both cigars offered the same flavor as larger counter Park cigars.
Drew Estate MUWAT,5 out of 5,Drew estate,"never had a bad Drew Estate cigar, but these are exceptional!!"
Drew Estate MUWAT,5 out of 5,All Day Every Day,"I can’t say enough about how much I love the MUWAT 5x60. The incredibly smooth consistent burn, nice heavy smoke, and a surprisingly mellow flavor, this thing hits all the right notes. I’ve seen reviews that complain about the wrappers breaking up, but that’s never been an issue. I would recommend these bad boys to anyone!"
Drew Estate MUWAT,5 out of 5,Very good,Very good
Drew Estate MUWAT,5 out of 5,Nice Nice...,Nice Nice...
Drew Estate MUWAT,4 out of 5,Very smooth,Very smooth
Drew Estate MUWAT,5 out of 5,Smoked well,Smoked well
Drew Estate MUWAT,3 out of 5,Poor wrappers,"The wrapper on almost all the cigars was broken or coming loose. Other than that, a good cigar."
Drew Estate MUWAT,4 out of 5,Muwat,Great medium body I particularly like them on the golf course
Drew Estate MUWAT,5 out of 5,Awesome smoke!,I love these guys. They are a perfect fit to my regulars. Great taste and the right size when I don’t want to spend more than an hour with one.
Drew Estate MUWAT,4 out of 5,A Hearty After Meal Smoke For The Maduro Lover in Search of an Everyday Stick With Character,"An astoundingly solid construction, heavy ash and flavor notes of Pepper, leather and earthy musk, stemming from a gorgeous, oily San Andres wrapper and Capote binding make this Brazilian and Nicaraguan long filler a perfect after dinner smoke. With a strikingly heavy, full bodied essence, the medium strength punch is a wonderfully complimented parallel, making this a great smoke for an evening walk or an after dinner porch side conversation."
Drew Estate MUWAT,4 out of 5,Well Made,These MUWATs are great. Well made and a great smoke.
Drew Estate MUWAT,5 out of 5,My Go-To and a Must Have,"Was one of my very first sticks, and now, my absolute go-to and a must have. I love the flavor of these, having a slightly sweet note. I'd highly recommend giving them a try if you haven't already."
Drew Estate MUWAT,5 out of 5,Amazing Stogie created by Drew,"Very smooth blend! If you are looking for a good quality smoke, at an affordable price this is the stogie for you! Drew does it again."
Drew Estate MUWAT,4 out of 5,pricey for a pack of 10.,"wrapper disintegrates past middle but very tasty. it is very pricey for a pack of 10. i purchased 2 packs when on sale at half price, which was reasonable! i stick with my ""Mark Twain"" cigar, which is awesome."
Drew Estate MUWAT,4 out of 5,Worth your time 6×60,"Enjoying a six by sixty today it's been resting for about 3 months the draw is a little tight a great flavor but a little on the light side, good taste but the wrapper is kind of falling apart that's why the four star rating it also has a good burn"
Drew Estate MUWAT,5 out of 5,Muwat review,"One of the best cigars I’ve ever tried. It is equall to the Original Kentucky Fire Cured Muwat that because of the blending of the tobacco, it is smooth. It has an easy draw and great aged tobacco taste. I am just a customer but I worked in the tobacco market years ago when it was basically called gold leaf because of the money generated by it. I started smoking cigars about ten years ago and have developed a passion for them. I’ve tried many different cigars over the years and have found some I like and some I love. The Muwat is definitely in the love category."
Drew Estate MUWAT,4 out of 5,"larger then I like ,still","larger then I like ,still a great smoke"
Drew Estate MUWAT,5 out of 5,Muwat,Love'm
Drew Estate MUWAT,5 out of 5,Very Good,Very Good
Drew Estate MUWAT,5 out of 5,Muwat,Awesome smoke great deal
Drew Estate MUWAT,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,My husband loved the flavor and said it was the perfect size cigar for just chillin in the hot tub.
Drew Estate MUWAT,5 out of 5,Muwat,Gooood!
Drew Estate MUWAT,4 out of 5,MUWAT 7/70,I find them to be a satisfying flavorful yet complex cigars
Drew Estate MUWAT,5 out of 5,Awesom,Good smoke awesome price
Drew Estate MUWAT,5 out of 5,Best everyday smoke.,I took a chance on them even though they're named after my favorite Public Enemy song. I turned on my cigar partners to them and they love them.
Drew Estate MUWAT,5 out of 5,Great deal,Good choice to smoke
Drew Estate MUWAT,5 out of 5,Enjoy,Realy enjoyed this cigar
Drew Estate MUWAT,5 out of 5,MUWAT,Cant go wrong with Drew Estate. Nice medium bodied smoke for when I dont have more than an hour to enjoy a cigar.
Drew Estate MUWAT,5 out of 5,great taste,well made smooth and flavor galore
Drew Estate MUWAT,5 out of 5,MUWAT is always good,This fat worm is a little flavor bomb. Get you some !
Drew Estate MUWAT,5 out of 5,Amazing,"Great size, amazing Nicaraguan taste. Drew Estate really nailed this one!"
Drew Estate MUWAT,5 out of 5,Best cigar I’ve tasted. A,Best cigar I’ve tasted. A great smoke. Please keep offering them
Drew Estate MUWAT,4 out of 5,Nice everyday stick,Have enjoyed this cigar from day one
Drew Estate MUWAT,3 out of 5,Construction?,Cigars fall apart after about 1/2 to 3/4 of it smoked...disappointed.
Drew Estate MUWAT,5 out of 5,BOGO Deal of the century !,opportunity to get great cigar at half pricer
Drew Estate MUWAT,5 out of 5,MUWAT,A consistently fantastic stick! One of my three ‘go-to’s’ when I want a great cigar.
Drew Estate MUWAT,4 out of 5,Muwat,İt is nice tı smoke for break time.
Drew Estate MUWAT,5 out of 5,Smooth,Absolutely love these cigars.
Drew Estate MUWAT,5 out of 5,MUWAT,Regular prices is great. Sale price is just nothing short of outstanding for the MUWAT 7x70. Always great smokes at great prices. Thanks again.
Drew Estate MUWAT,3 out of 5,The Cigars are very mild,"The Cigars are very mild and has a great draw, the down side its to much cigar if your looking to have quick smoke. Not for beginners that's for sure, but for me love it"
Drew Estate MUWAT,4 out of 5,Overpriced,"A really enjoyable cigar for everyday. It IS, however slightly overpriced. D.E. has always been a little too proud of their products."
Drew Estate MUWAT,4 out of 5,Always good,Every day type of cigar. Consistent quality smoke.
Drew Estate MUWAT,5 out of 5,Review,Fast delivery
Drew Estate MUWAT,5 out of 5,MUWAT,"Good stick, for the price. Well constructed."
Drew Estate MUWAT,4 out of 5,Rocky patel muwat,Good cigar for the price
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,Excellent smoke
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,5 out of 5,Great flavor,Great flavor
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,3 out of 5,Good cigar,Tough draw but the flavors were wonderful
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,3 out of 5,Nice bonus,Not really my size of smoke but I did enjoy the flavor.
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,5 out of 5,They are ok ...,"Long draw, played Golf one lasted 5 holes ... near the end I experienced a funny flavor ... not sure what it was."
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,5 out of 5,Awesome Smokey Flavor,"Great cigar with a nice smokey smell to it which can be tasted when smoked. Reminds me of a campfire and the taste leaves a nice smokey aftertaste to it that is very pleasant. Strength is not too strong but not under-powered. Goes very well on a hot day with a nice cold Coke to help with the cotton mouth from the smoke cure. Only issue was the cap began unraveling on three or four when cut, other than that its an amazing cigar."
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,5 out of 5,Happy buyer,Develops quickly smooth flavor to the end
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,5 out of 5,One of my favorites.,One of my favorites.
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,5 out of 5,A Great Cigarillo,"Beautiful Smokey flavor, strong without being too much to handle."
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,4 out of 5,New to me,Decent
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,4 out of 5,Tiny but tasty,When you only have time for a quickie this stick is the one. Smooth and satisfying with a definite smoky character.
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,4 out of 5,Great for a quick smoke,Great for a quick smoke with flavor
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,4 out of 5,Complex and enjoyable.,Complex and enjoyable.
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,4 out of 5,Nice smoke a little to,Nice smoke a little to small for me
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,5 out of 5,Smokes,Nice with a glass of Bourbon.
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,5 out of 5,Great Stick,"This “little piggy“ is packed with bold flavors! Charred wood, leather, Chocolate, and a little “Kentucky Spice”. I highly recommend this with a nice bourbon...Maker’s 46, or Wild Turkey Rare Breed. I order a box every month! I can’t get enough of them!"
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,5 out of 5,One of my new favorites.,"One of my new favorites. Great flavor, even burn, great ash."
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,5 out of 5,Exquisite little smoke,"Tasty, unique, full of flavor. Been smoking these and giving them to friends. An amazing little cigar that becomes the topic of conversation.
Highly recommend this cigar. Tune out the world and enjoy something that grabs your attention."
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,5 out of 5,A good choice!,"Nice change from regular cigars! Nice flavor, short and fat! I still smoke Nubs ,starting to order these more!"
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,5 out of 5,Kentucky Fire Cured,So different. So good.
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,5 out of 5,Good smoke and really comes,Good smoke and really comes in handy for a quickie.
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,4 out of 5,Interesting,"Easy draw, even burn and lots of smoke with a different aroma pre and post light. Made me think I was sitting around a campfire. One of those to smoke so you can say you have that you will find some enjoyment in!"
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,5 out of 5,Small smoke,Best small smoke that I've found!
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,4 out of 5,Best short morning smoke this year so far!,"One of my favorite new quick smokes and Ill be honest, my dogs loved another extra walk so I could enjoy one of these. Cannot keep them in any of my humidors as cured tobacco is very pungent! Love those little sticks, great smoke output, coffee flavor, leather, some spice.
Gave 4 stars as shipping took around 1 week and it was sent with no humidification. I am going to keep the rest of the stick with Boveda for couple of weeks to see if burn improves."
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,5 out of 5,It has become my favorite.,It has become my favorite. I like the smokey smoke.
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,5 out of 5,Kentucky Fire Cured,"These are my husband's favorite cigars. He told me that the flavor reminds him of the fragrance of the wood burning fireplace in his grandmother's home in Kentucky, and he likes that the cigar is not a really long smoke."
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,5 out of 5,My third favorite cigar,"Cigar International does it again! Bought 40 of these on Joe's daily deal. Great taste, if you're looking for something different. Taste a little like Hickory chips roasting on the BBQ. My third highest rated cigar and I have over 50 brands on hand. Thanks to CI I had to buy a humidor from 1st Class Humidor called the Windsor to keep all of my expanding collection. Then Joe came out with a GREAT deal on Drew Estate Tabak Cafe con Leche. Now, my new humidor is almost full."
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"I've been smoking these cigars for a few years now, It is by far my favorite cigar. Previous to my finding this cigar my go to cigar was the Kristoff Maduro. I have not once had a bad Muwat. It is an even burning cigar with consistent flavor throughout. Pricing is very reasonable for such a good smoke."
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"I've been smoking these cigars for a few years now, It is my favorite cigar. previous to my finding this cigar my go to cidar was the Kristoff Maduro. I have not once had a bad Muwat. It is an even burning cigar with consistent flavor throughout. Pricing is very reasonable for such a good smoke."
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,5 out of 5,Hidden Smokey Gem,"This was a smooth after work smoke that did not get bitter or harsh at the end of it. I could smoke this every day. The initial smell is harder than I was ready for, but I cannot deny the smell and flavor of my father's hometown of Memphis (although it says Kentucky) every time I smoke these. Gonna let it cure in my humidor for about 6 mos and see how it taste."
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,5 out of 5,great cigar,will be purchasing these again
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,4 out of 5,Great cigar,Great camp fire smell .cigar was a little firm and hard to toke
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,5 out of 5,Smooth & Easy,Smooth & Easy
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,4 out of 5,Modest but satisfying,"I'm no expert but these modestly priced cigars strike me as quite satisfying. The draw is easy. The flavor is satisfying. No harshness. I have no idea why they are called ""fire cured"" but whatever it is it does the job."
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,5 out of 5,MUWAT Fire Cured,"Finally got around to trying this tasty treat, I Like It! Smells good and tastes better. A much firmer build than most DE smokes but the burn and draw were as good as DE's other blends. Made my shore lunch even better (fresh Trout). Will absolutely buy again!"
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,4 out of 5,smokin' 2,"Also a smokey tast, again not for everyone but I enjoy then for a break."
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,5 out of 5,My favorite,"My favorite cigar, bar none. My wife even enjoys the BBQ smoke smell. I’ve smoked 5 or 6 boxes already and have 2 more on the way."
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar. Love the KFC line.
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,4 out of 5,Excellent everyday smoke,"I enjoyed this cigar. However different results per cigar, some are only a 3,but most are a 4"
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,5 out of 5,Excellent,"Love these cigars, the smell when you take one out of the wrapper is the best cigar smell ever."
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,5 out of 5,Tasteful Experience,A very tasteful cigar every few minutes you get a new taste and the experience is wonderful. Just ordered the Sweets and Swamp Rat to try them out
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,5 out of 5,KFC cigars,Being from the south...we are accustomed to smoked food.....why not cigars.....these will knock you off your socks....I like smelling them....smelling the smoke rolling off them...and when you take a drag of it.....match made in heaven....thanks Drew Estate for making this southern boy a very happy customer.
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,4 out of 5,Unique tobaccco experience for the adventerous,"This is definitely a cigar line I would buy again. The Hamhock KFC is forward, expressive, and has a clear identity of itself. Its perfect for the man who seeks new adventures, but no patience for nuance or delayed gratification. Next time I'll try a longer and smaller ring KFC since I'm more of a good read or meaningful conversation on the patio leisurely smoker. It is unique and alone among the cigars I have tasted. It has lots of low-and-slow mesquite BBQ on the taste. The one downside is the slightly unpleasant aroma leaves my clothes smelling like cigarette butts. I have shared it with quite a few friends who either love it or hate it. If you ready to explore something outside the usual coffee-pepper-leather paradigm this is the cigar for you. Drew Estate really captures something that broadens the tobacco's expression."
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,5 out of 5,Fun smoke,Very nice flavor with the smoked flavor
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,5 out of 5,Different but Good,A very good cigar for the money.
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,5 out of 5,These are great !!!!!,"I really love these short-full flavor smokes !! I order these whenever I can as they are just a truly enjoyable smoke. First time I had one I thought I'd just set the woodpile on fire from the odor but man, once I got into it I was in store for one truly enjoyable smoke. I've been happy with all versions of this product (fat Molly, etc) and now look forward to trying the sweet version of these smokes. Try them you will be more than pleased !!! Mike"
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,5 out of 5,Kentucky Secret,The wife bought these for me on a whim on our way back home from Kentucky after visiting family! I’m impressed a nice quick smoke burns even with great flavor. The only issue I had was they were too quick for a relaxing evening smoke. So I bought the Kyotos. Spoiler another great smoke! Possibly my new favorite morning stick with coffee! Thanks CI we will see you on our way back through at Christmas!
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Great smoke. Perfect for a short stint outside. I love that KFC taste! FYI Just A Friend are even better.
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured,5 out of 5,Kentucky Fire Cured Hamhock Cigars,"WOW! I first ordered these because they were on sale and now I have just made my fourth order because these little guys are a kick. If you haven't smoked one of these you are in for a treat. As soon as you open the pack they smell like hickory wood burning in a fireplace. They are certainly different from any other cigar I have smoked, and I love the nub size. If you don't catch them on sale they may seem a little pricey, but they are deffinately worth a try. You won't be disappointed. Happy Smoking. J.O.W."
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured Sweets,5 out of 5,"I love these, great flavor","I love these, great flavor"
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured Sweets,5 out of 5,A nice quick smoke,Initial notes of sweet Hickory. Love this cigar.
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured Sweets,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured Sweets,5 out of 5,Fire cured,Great smoke while grilling short enough to enjoy On a quick cook
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured Sweets,5 out of 5,Definitely try these. One of my favorites.,"Sweet. Great tasting. Lots of creamy smoke and a hint of BBQ. Made my humidor smell a little funny, with the smoked smell, but they are so good they are worth it."
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured Sweets,4 out of 5,Very good,Very good
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured Sweets,5 out of 5,Great little cigars!!!,"Great little cigars, my buddy got 1 in a sample pack and thoughg it would be bad so I tried it. Had a heavy smoke smell to it but after lighting it was met with a great smoky sweet taste and was not disappointed at all. Ended up buying 20 of them great for friends."
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured Sweets,4 out of 5,smokin',"Interesting smoke, not for everyone but I enjoy them for a quick smoke."
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured Sweets,4 out of 5,Good if you like sugar,"I love the KFC line. This one is decent, however, the sweet flavoring seems to just be sprayed on external. I smoked them, but won’t order any more. I’ll stay with the unsweetened line."
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured Sweets,5 out of 5,My favorite!,"Smooth, great cigar"
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured Sweets,5 out of 5,Small stature big smoke,"Smooth. Southern hospitality and southern charm. Notes of sweet earth, deep bourbon notes and high notes of cured molasses."
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured Sweets,5 out of 5,Great taste when looking for something different,"This is quite a interesting cigar. Has a immediate strong scent when I pulled one out ( would recommend keeping them separate from traditional cigars). Had a great flavor, with a sweetness to mellow it out. Great tasting cigar, but be ready for something different!"
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured Sweets,5 out of 5,Excellent taste and great value,Excellent taste and great value
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured Sweets,4 out of 5,A very unique experience,"So my first impression upon opening the package was a burnt smell, wasn't too sure what i had here.!!, the cigar itself had very traditional earthy tobacco sent, a good solid construction with a nice sweetness on the lips from the wrapper and a perfect dry draw, upon lighting, this cigar quickly settled into a very unique medium body smoke, another winner from drew estate's.!!"
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured Sweets,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great smoke
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured Sweets,3 out of 5,Beginners Opinion,"I'm a new cigar smoker so the flavored cigars are my preference right now. The Fire cured was limited on the flavor taste, smelled great, and good draw. Taste turns bitter towards the end, not a bad stick, but just o.k."
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured Sweets,5 out of 5,Something Different in a Wonderful Way,"What a fantastic smoke! From opening the plastic wrapper and getting the first sniff of this stick blew my socks off!!! A love fragrance of oak smoke and a bacon-ish smell instantly got my mouth wet! You can get notes of Oak, Maple, Bourbon, and pure F### Awesomeness. Then you lick your lips and POW! SHWEETNESS hits you!
If you're looking for a different kind of stick than any other, then this is the one for you. Fat Molly will not let you down."
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured Sweets,5 out of 5,Surprisingly mellow great flavor,Surprisingly mellow great flavor
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured Sweets,5 out of 5,great smoke,great smoke
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured Sweets,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"Great smoke, unique Smokey flavor. The room note reminds me of my grandfathers house who smoked pipes. Great tasting Cigar"
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured Sweets,4 out of 5,Good unique smoke,Nice smokey flavor and smell. Notes of hickory and oak are really pronounced. The slightly sweet tip is a nice touch and the finish is very smooth. Overall a very good smoke. Only downsides are as another reviewer stated they could be wrapped slightly better and the cigarillos aren't pre-punched which to me is unusual and kind of defeats some of the convenience of a cigarillo.
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured Sweets,5 out of 5,Kentucky Cured Fat Molly,"One of the best cigars out there for the money! Smooth smoking, great flavor and very mild on the tongue. if you haven't tried them, give them a whirl, you won't be disappointed!!"
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured Sweets,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured Sweets,5 out of 5,Great addition to the smokey flavor,"I really enjoyed this flavor combination. Burns great, and are perfect for a short smoking session. The sweet tip compliments the smokey flavor."
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured Sweets,5 out of 5,Addicted!,Love ‘em.
Drew Estate MUWAT Kentucky Fire Cured Sweets,3 out of 5,Too loose,The flavor was good but for some reason they are not as well wrapped as the original KFC chunky.
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,5 out of 5,Nice,Very nice smokes well slow burn very tasty to the end would buy again great price
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,4 out of 5,"""The Go to""",If you like oily... smokey... and big taste... this is the standard. Price consideration allows this to be measured against just about anything. Only critique is the 7.5 isn't as good as the 6 and 4.5.
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,5 out of 5,Love the Nica,Great flavor and nice burn. My favorite cigar!
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,5 out of 5,Not Sure Why,"I love this cigar, it burns good and I like from beginning to end"
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,5 out of 5,Great,Great quality and timely delivery
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,5 out of 5,Great everyday cigar.,Great everyday cigar.
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,4 out of 5,Full earthy flavor,This is one of my favorite smokes. It is a nice heavy medium bodied cigar with very earthy tones.
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,4 out of 5,Great value and good smoke,"Just received my first bundle and now smoking my first one. As a few people have mentioned they’re a bit smoky, but so far a terrific stick. I tend towards full body cigars and this one delivers. Packs a lot of taste. If you’re into mild, this might not be for you. No problem on the burn. It’s even. The ash holds and forms a beautiful white fine top. Good cigar. That’s No surprise coming from Drew Estate. Great value."
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,5 out of 5,Good smoke,This is a great cigar and affordable.
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,3 out of 5,El Brujito,"A very middling cigar.
It is never bad and it is never good."
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,5 out of 5,Good smoke,"Pretty good. Med/full, with no issues.."
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,5 out of 5,Nica Rustica belly,"Excellent smoke, pick one up"
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,5 out of 5,"Excellent smoke, excellent value. Great taste to the end","Got 2 of these in a sampler for buying a “Herrera Esteli Habano” Box of Lonsdales( another AWESOME smoke BTW!). Just finished smoking one after sitting for a few weeks. All I have to say is “GOOD!!”
Like other reviewers state it is a steam roller of a smoker, but it doesn’t burn fast. The Toro lasted about 1.5 hrs. It has a great taste all the way through to the last drop. It does pick up in strength on the last third, but it still tasted great. Got a nice little nicotine buzz too! For the price it’s a awesome smoke. Will definitely be buying more."
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,4 out of 5,Great smoke,"Even burn, great price, only negative is these cigars make an inordinate amount of smoke."
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,5 out of 5,Fine Stick,"Great easy smoke, goes well with an orange crush"
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,5 out of 5,Nica Rustica 6x52,"Easy draw, airy, yet nice full flavor, thick smoke, and burns well. Really experience the fullness in the last 3rd if you dare. They have a soot in my humidor."
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,5 out of 5,Nica,Best legro
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,5 out of 5,Fantastic cigars if a little crudely made,I haven’t found another cigar like as well as these.
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,5 out of 5,a hidden gem,"A hidden gem in the drew estate portfolio. Everything you expect from a premium cigar, burn, flavor, construction. Be mindful it gives off a lot of smoke. I have had over 100 of these and never an issue. I like it better than undercrown, and most others."
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,5 out of 5,Outstanding cigar,A full body smoke that makes you want another. My go to when it’s time to relax and enjoy some single malt. You won’t be disappointed. Cheers
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,5 out of 5,Great Economical Cigar,For the money you can’t beat it.
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,5 out of 5,Awesome!!!,Awesome!!!
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,5 out of 5,Love them,Yummy
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,5 out of 5,Great smoke,I’ve purchased these cigars a handful of times and never been disappointed. Always fresh and a straight burning cigar
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,2 out of 5,Throw away,I had to throw away 5 cigars so far. Once they were lit they would turn black in the center of cigar and not burn correctly. I’m not sure if there are any more like that. A little disappointed and embarrassed.
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,5 out of 5,Very nice!,This is a brilliant creation from its pigtail twist end to the very nice bundle package. It reminds me of a name brand Cuban I bought in Milan many years ago. I had to relight it once but its still going after one hour.
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,5 out of 5,Nice love them too,Nice love them too
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,4 out of 5,Nice smoke for the golf course.,Smooth and casual smoke.
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Consistent and tasty
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,5 out of 5,Nica Rustica,"I will admit, I have purchased cigars from vendors other than CI....but the cigars from CI are consistently fresher than others. This particular deal was just too good to pass up (Drew Estates). With my hobby (genealogy), the cigars I prefer are those that will last at least an hour and a half (a good research session). Every cigar in this offering falls in that category....and all taste good! Thanks!"
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,5 out of 5,great smoke!,you can not miss with these cigars! nice thick smoke and great taste! will reorder asap!
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar - Excellent PRICE!,There's not much I can say about the Nica Rustica - It's a cigar that stands on it's own. Drew Estates built the perfect daily go-to cigar EVER! Rich in flavor and smokey - this cigar is perfect any time of day - and yes - Daily!
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,As always great service and deal from CI
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,5 out of 5,Nica Rustica,This is my go to cigar. Always smooth and loaded with flavor from start to finish.
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,5 out of 5,Great little 'with your coffee' stogie...,"So far so GREAT!!! Started off a bit strong but flavorful but melted out to a delicious, mellow but full of notes of coffee and a bit of earth. Surprisingly, I don't feel itis a real kick-in-the-nuts as far as nicotine punch is concerned. Overall a wonderful little stick (i'm smoking the smaller vitola; a 46 5"") that i ALREADY have put in a fiver of then in my cart here.
Lastly, the burn seems to be pretty darn solid and i'm running it outdoors with a pretty good' steady breeze of about 15-20 mph which may have an effect on it 'canoeing' but it's still holding its own.
IMHO, one of the better offerings from Drew Estate. Right up there with my faves the 'Undercrowns'.
Terry one out. You won't be disappointed!"
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,5 out of 5,Nica rustica,Its my fav as number1 next to a perdomo champange noir. Nica is the only cigar that you need a roach clip to finish cause its always good to the very end. Number 1 in my book.
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,3 out of 5,OK work cigar decent burn,OK work cigar decent burn but flavor a bit burnt smokey
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,5 out of 5,Good,Good
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,3 out of 5,Review,"They're ok, but not overly impressive. Use them when I'm working in the yard or hanging out in the garage."
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,4 out of 5,Good but not great.,"I like them but dont love them. Well built stick that smokes excellent. Just not my kind of cigar.. on the strong , full flavored side. If that's what you like then you will love these."
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,5 out of 5,What a great buying experience shipped fast great selection of cigars thank you,"What a great buying experience, shipped fast, great selection of cigars, thank you"
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,5 out of 5,Exceptional,Love these sticks
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,5 out of 5,Go to stogie,Very flavorful and well constructed. A great smoke at a reasonable price
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,5 out of 5,Nica Rustica,Great smoke
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,4 out of 5,Always a good stick,Always a good stick
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,5 out of 5,Deliciousness in a stick!,"I like the earthy, spicy flavors that come through. It's not for those looking for a mild or medium bodied cigar, because this is certainly full bodied and full flavored! Each cigar I've enjoyed has burned evenly and slowly, with a solid ash that doesn't fall off. It pairs great with a strong coffee, a good bourbon, or a nice scotch."
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,5 out of 5,"Good cigars, reasonably priced",Picked up a couple of these from ABC and liked the. Bought a 25 pack from CI. Still good. My friends like them too. Consistent taste and burn. You get used to them though. Then smoke something else and remember why you like them.
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,5 out of 5,Inca Rustica,Great draw
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,5 out of 5,NICA RUSTICA RULES,Short Rob is great every time I get lit!
Drew Estate Nica Rustica,5 out of 5,Nica Rustica,It is a great cigar well constructed and very flavor
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,A fine smoke,A fine smoke
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,My dessert,One of my favorite for an after dinner wind down. Love it because I get a little coffee/dessert but also feel like I am smoking a good cigar at the same time.
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Burns evenly nice gray ash. Wonderful flavor.
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,Red Eye,My all time favorite cigar; think of it as a Montecristo Media Noche' with notes of coffee!
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,Great cigar,If you like cigars with a cafe taste this is a good one.
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,My favorite options,My favorite options
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,4 out of 5,nice,nice
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,Cute little flavor,Great flavor and perfect for a short smoke session
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,4 out of 5,Tabak Especial,"Very good coffee flavored cigar.
Coffee and sugar are the initial aromas upon opening the cigar.
Once lit the coffee flavor is prevalent.
A good draw from start to finish."
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,Great smoke,bought it for my wife she said they were great.
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,4 out of 5,Nice smoke when don't have,Nice smoke when don't have a lot of time
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,My favorite smoke!,"The Tabak Especial dulce corona has been my go to everyday smoke since they stopped making kahlua. Never disappoints! Great consistent construction, even burn, and great coffee infused flavor. A sure hit every time!"
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,Great buy,Great buy
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,4 out of 5,Good Smoke!,Not a top 5 but I will be buying a 5 pack on occasion for a change of pace.;
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,Very smooth good taste satisfying,Very smooth good taste satisfying
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,yumm,So Good!
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,Love the flavor. My favorite.,Love the flavor. My favorite.
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,Great stick!,Great stick!
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,4 out of 5,Loved them. Great draw flavorful,Loved them. Great draw flavorful and perfect if you don’t have a lot time to smoke a stick
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,4 out of 5,Good stick. Smooth draw expected,Good stick. Smooth draw expected a little more flavor. But overall worth the price
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,The Best Breakfast Cigar!,"Among my favorite cigars in my humidor are the Drew Estate brand. The Tabak Especia Gordito Dulce is an awesome cigar for those who like to have a smoke early in the morning, this is your cigar. Being coffee infused, it pairs well with any coffee (I prefer mine black). It has a very smooth draw with a mild to medium profile. The flavors of coffee, vanilla, spice and the sweetness (dulce) make it perfect for starting your day."
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,Quickly becoming a favorite,Quickly becoming a favorite
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,My new favorite.,"Real taste here plus the sweet taste of my favorite drink. Choice of two wrappers. Try them both.
These are perfect with you coffee in the mornings as you tack the dog out."
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,"My favorite cigar, the flavor","My favorite cigar, the flavor is incredible , everybody I introduced this Cigar to loves it"
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,One of my newest favs!,Great tasting smooth cigar that smells as awesome as it taste!
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,Tabak Cigars,"I love the Tabak cigars! They have great flavor, burn nice and even. a very smooth smoke!"
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,Never bad,"I will always snap these up , when they go on special it is even better !"
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,Great for a quick smoke,"I love Tabak, but often I don’t have the time to enjoy a larger cigar. These are the perfect size for a quick smoke and are easy to carry."
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,Best infused cigar on the market,Finally the Lonsdale size has arrived. Waited till this evening to tear off plastic wrapper and enjoy this truely fine cigar. I even ordered a box of macanudo coffee I found it very lacking in any kind of taste they apparently do not have your magic and probably never will thank you for finally bringing out the size that I enjoy no finer cigar in the world
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,Phenomenal Smoke!,"If Drew Estate has missed the mark with a stogie I’m not aware of it, and Tabak Especial is no exception. Nothing but love for this stick, with my morning coffee or an after dinner snack, You can’t go wrong."
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,Great,Nice smoke 👍
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,"Very nice, smooth, even smoke.","Very nice, smooth, even smoke. I love ALL Drew Estates smokes I’ve tried!"
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,Great delivery,Great delivery
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,Best price I’ve been able to find on the east coast!,"Hands down, easiest and smoothest purchase I’ve ever made when it comes to cigars. High quality and fast. You can’t go wrong with CI!"
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Great Smoke
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,Great taste and smooth,Great taste and smooth
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,My favorite cigar,My favorite cigar. It has a full deep bodied flavor and the nuances I seek in a cigar. I first smoked them at a campout and have not stopped buying them since. Everyone I've introduced them to has loved them.
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,4 out of 5,Good sticks,Good sticks
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,3 out of 5,Drew Estates Tabak,"It is okay. It’s too sweet. I like it, but after it gets close to mid way of smoke it is too sweat. Nice at first, but it get old quickly. I enjoy the Java Drew Estates latte better than Tabak. It’s a perfect amount of smoothness and sweetness."
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"One of my favorites. Smooth, tasty and mild flavored cigar."
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,What can I say?!?,"Tabak Especial, in every iteration, is a AMAZING smoke! My ABSOLUTE favorite go to smoke!!"
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,They were great!,They were great!
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,4 out of 5,I enjoyed,I enjoyed
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,4 out of 5,Breakfast Smoke,"This is my breakfast smoke. Light, smooth and sweet."
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,Tabak cafe con leche,"Very smooth, I thought in the beginning that it would be too sweet from the immediate fragrance and taste of the wrapping, however once I began to smoke the cigar the tobacco balanced it out. Very pleased!"
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,Love Tabak!,"I love the Tabak cigars from Drew Estates. If you only have time for a small cigar, the especial colada is a great choice!"
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"great cigar, burn is great flavor is great"
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,Tabak Red Eye,Wonderful flavor. Enjoyed my first one after a stressful day at work.
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,5 out of 5,Coffe infused...,"Smooth as silk!!!! and it smells nice as well. Not like most cigars you light people want you to put it out immediately...
The red eye is my favorite !!"
Drew Estate Tabak Especial,4 out of 5,beast,best smoke ever
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,My dessert,One of my favorite for an after dinner wind down. Love it because I get a little coffee/dessert but also feel like I am smoking a good cigar at the same time.
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Burns evenly nice gray ash. Wonderful flavor.
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,Red Eye,My all time favorite cigar; think of it as a Montecristo Media Noche' with notes of coffee!
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,My favorite options,My favorite options
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,4 out of 5,Good Smoke!,Not a top 5 but I will be buying a 5 pack on occasion for a change of pace.;
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,My favorite cigar,My favorite cigar. It has a full deep bodied flavor and the nuances I seek in a cigar. I first smoked them at a campout and have not stopped buying them since. Everyone I've introduced them to has loved them.
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,They were great!,They were great!
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Love CI. Great prices. Quick delivery even with the world the way it is today and they take care of us Firefighter Coos AND First responders. 🚒🚓 MUCH love for CI!!!!
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,4 out of 5,Great smoke I will buy,Great smoke I will buy more of these.i love this smoke
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,Drew Estate Non-Traditional 5-Cigar Sampler,Red Eyes are always great! I buy them every time I see them on sale. Best infused cigar on the market!
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,4 out of 5,great,way better than the red eye in flight( that being a joke )
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,Excellent aroma.,"this is one of my favorites, sweet wrapper, which I really like, but the aroma.. was mellow, and pleasant. easy draw, but not really loose, just smooth. The last 3rd had a mint flavor, but lightly."
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,4 out of 5,Great smokes!,Great smokes!
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,Graet cigar!!,Smooth and very tasteful. Great aroma as well.
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,spot on !,always a great smoke !
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,"Smooth, good taste, decent draw. Will buy them again.",Delicious cigars.
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,love them,great balance and flavor
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,My Favorite,My favorite. I have purchased several boxes over the years.
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,Delicious,My favorite flavored cigar. It's just a little bit better than the Java.
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,"Buy far my favorite cigar,","Buy far my favorite cigar, love the taste and the aroma you get off them . Nobody ever complains when I light one up . They always say how good they smell."
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,The Red Eye,"This is one of my favorites. No wait, this IS my favorite cigar. Medium to full-bodied with notes of coffee and Earth with a slight hint of sweetness"
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,Tabak,Great coffee tasting flavor and smoke
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,Great taste with light flavour,I like the light flavour witch still allows to taste the high quality tobacco that was used to put this amazing treat together.
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,Great flavor,Great flavor stout
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,Decent,Best coffee cigar!
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,Highly recommended,Highly recommended
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,Red Eye,Great cigar!
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,Cigars,Very great smokes
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,Awesome smoke like a Tabak,Awesome smoke like a Tabak but much more interesting and complex
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,4 out of 5,"red eye, without red eyes.","good smoke, flavor, without too much flavor. good Maduro type smoke."
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,Classic with a Pigtail,"Tabak Redeye is a consistently smooth, flavorful smoke that delivers throughout the entire length. A sweet start that produces hints of cream, cedar, and leather, but stays mellow - makes you wish it was longer."
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,Love infused smokes,Nice sticks. Wish i could afford a box of them
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,A Great Choice!,Without a question this happens to be my Number One choice. There is nothing close to it.
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,"My daily indulgence, I am the official Drew Estate Fan Boy!","This is hands down my favorite cigar, I try to get one in every day. It’s like a delicious after dinner desert, chocolate, wood, coffee, notes, and the best part no calories! I know a lot of people turn there nose up to infused cigars, too those people I say a few things, 1) your loss more for me.... 2) not everyone can afford to smoke a Padrone or an Opus X every day even though many of your Facebook feeds would make us think otherwise 3) Drew Estate, to me makes a most consistent and affordable stick for the money.
The Red Eye is a maduro-wrapped lovely and the equivalent to a triple espresso-laced cup of coffee, thanks to 3 extra doses of ligero, while still maintaining a slight influence of rich coffee subtleties throughout the blend. This is not an Acid line stick, its from the Tabac Especial Line.
More ligero means more Nicaraguan tobacco goodness, and Red Eye certainly satisfies. A rich core of black tobacco flavors and bold earthy undertones is met with subtle hints of coffee and sweetness - a sweetness that fades as the aged long-leaf ligeros take center stage. This is a stick that I always smoke down to the absolute nub. Try it I bet you will like it too, and there isn’t a better smelling 2nd hand smoke that this. Your wives might even let you enjoy one in the house."
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,Great holiday smoke,Great holiday smoke
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,"Nice smoke, great with a","Nice smoke, great with a cup of coffee."
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,Red Eye a Great Smoke,"Had a couple of these in a combo pack and thought they were great.
Just treated myself to a box of 21. Great smoke."
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,Tabak Red Eye,Another fantastic cigar from Drew Estates
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,Good an smooth cigar with,Good an smooth cigar with a nice Tate to it
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,keep your eye on the red eye!,"great flavor & long burn, can't wait for another sale on them!!!"
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,Love em,Love em
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,Great!,Great!
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,Keith's,I'm a huge Drew estate fan don't know that this is my favorite but it's right up in the top three very smooth very flavorful great aroma keep them in my box all the time my friends have tried them and they came back with total agreement that they are really good would recommend them to anybody you won't be disappointed.
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,Great Deal and great service!,Great Deal and great service!
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,Love Tabak,"I am a big fan of Drew Estate, especially the Tabak. Very smooth, very nice after a meal. Highly recommend"
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,The real deal,"I've smoked a lot of different cigars over the years but this is the best tasting one I've smoked yet,it's just the right size for a flavored cigar, keeps it's flavor all the way to the end.This beauty actually has a real coffee taste unlike some of the cheaper cigars.I'll buy these as long as they make um."
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,4 out of 5,Nice sweet cigar perfect with coffee or dessert,"Had one at a buddy's at night with a whiskey, great taste. I found myself wondering what it would be like in the am with coffee or something and DING DING that's the combination! A great morning cigar or dessert cigar due to how sweet it is. My wife commented on how it smelled and even tried it for a bit"
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Limited Red Eye,5 out of 5,Red Eye,"One of my favorites, sweet taste with hints of coco."
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,Great cigar,If you like cigars with a cafe taste this is a good one.
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,4 out of 5,nice,nice
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,4 out of 5,Tabak Especial,"Very good coffee flavored cigar.
Coffee and sugar are the initial aromas upon opening the cigar.
Once lit the coffee flavor is prevalent.
A good draw from start to finish."
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,Love the flavor. My favorite.,Love the flavor. My favorite.
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,Quickly becoming a favorite,Quickly becoming a favorite
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,"My favorite cigar, the flavor","My favorite cigar, the flavor is incredible , everybody I introduced this Cigar to loves it"
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,One of my newest favs!,Great tasting smooth cigar that smells as awesome as it taste!
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,Never bad,"I will always snap these up , when they go on special it is even better !"
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,Phenomenal Smoke!,"If Drew Estate has missed the mark with a stogie I’m not aware of it, and Tabak Especial is no exception. Nothing but love for this stick, with my morning coffee or an after dinner snack, You can’t go wrong."
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,Great delivery,Great delivery
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,Great taste and smooth,Great taste and smooth
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,4 out of 5,Good sticks,Good sticks
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"One of my favorites. Smooth, tasty and mild flavored cigar."
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,What can I say?!?,"Tabak Especial, in every iteration, is a AMAZING smoke! My ABSOLUTE favorite go to smoke!!"
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,4 out of 5,beast,best smoke ever
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,Great flavor,Great flavor
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,Fantastic cigar,I love these cigars for the great taste.
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,3 out of 5,Fair,Good flavors. Poor construction. Doesn’t burn evenly.
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,Especial is special,"My favorite infused cigar. Quick burning , smooth and tasty until the end"
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,4 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,Love these,Great flavors and aroma. Fan favorite.
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,4 out of 5,great cigars,I love these
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,New go to,"Great cigar. Burn,draw, and aroma."
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,4 out of 5,Tabak Especial Limited Cafe Con Leche or coffee and cream!!! Magnifique!,"This is a great smoke, when the smell and taste of the wrapper are at their prime. When they have passed it or are less infused it is still an above average smoke. Good burn if I light it evenly. Good smoke and aroma, not too harsh at first perhaps a little as it gets to where I generally smoke it.. It is one of my all time favorites and it could be yours as well!"
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,Nice!,Just now enjoying my first one of these. Excellent smoke. Nice switch from my regular go to (CAO Brazilia Gol). Since I now have 20 of these in my humidor.....I expect to smoke many of these with a cup of coffee or a glass of Knappogue Castle!!!
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,My favorite,Now this one is a good mix of chocolate and coffee flavors.
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,Great smoke.,Great cigar. My wife especially enjoys the flavor.
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,Great taste!,Great taste!
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,Outstanding cigars,One of the best infused cigars on the market. Wish I could have given it a sixth star.
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,Perfect Lady Stick,"Sweet, medium bodied, satisfying!"
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,My new go to,"Great cigar, easy draw, even burn, great taste and the best of all is the aroma. Got these on a CI special. Wished I ordered 2 boxes. Thanks CI"
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,a personal favorite,When I splurge on a special gift for myself this is it! An excellent smoke! Finely crafted!
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,Amazing,"What a treat, I bought these on sale that came along with a Drew Estates 5 cigar sampler. Great flavor, even burn and the aroma is awesome. Shipment was super fast. Only thing I’m disappointed in is I should have ordered 2 boxes at this price. Thanks CI."
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,amazing taste,This is my all time favorite after dinner smoke. Skip the desert tray and head to the porch with a Tabak Especial limited Cafe con Leche.
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,Awesome,"Great cigar. Got these on sale that also came along with a Drew Estates 5 cigar sampler. Even burn, great taste, great aroma. Shipment was very quick. Only thing I regret is I didn't order 2 boxes. Thank you CI"
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,**,"All I can say is WOW!!! I ordered these on Monday and received on Friday. I finished diner and smoked one of these great sticks with a glass of Bullitt Bourbon Rye. Can't wait until the morning to have one with a cup of coffee. What a great deal, came with a Drew Estates 5 cigar sampler. My only regret is I didn't order 2 boxes. Put them on sale again CI. Thank you CI."
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,"Tabak ""the Great""","In my opinion, Tabak conquer all cigars. I've been hooked ever since I lay my lips on one of those. Great cigars!!!"
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,"Fantastic smooth, flavorful cigar. Great","Fantastic smooth, flavorful cigar. Great with a cup of coffee in the morning or with a glass of Jameson cold brew in the evening. One of my all time favorites."
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,"Great cigar, i have purchased several boxes of them and they all tend to be the same great smoke. I would recommend this cigar to anyone."
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,Good flavor with a nice draw.,This is a good after dinner cigar to have in place of a dessert. Sweet coffee flavor is just right.
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,Awesome service! Awesome cigars at,Awesome service! Awesome cigars at an awesome price!!
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,Excellent,"Excellent aroma, taste and draw. Burns evenly"
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,Awesome,Cafe con Leches are awesome. Great cigar.
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,Totally awesome,Totally awesome
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,Great stick when I want,Great stick when I want something different
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,Enjoyable stick,"Just got the pack of 5 throughly enjoyed great taste, burn was good and nice aroma. I’ll definitely keep these in my humidor. I’ll probably get the box next time. Fan of Tabak for sure."
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,5 out of 5,Top shelf,Excellent cigar with a smooth coffee taste which the flavor is not overwhelming.
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,4 out of 5,Excellent,"Excellent, enjoyed these."
Drew Estate Tabak Especial Ltd. Cafe Con Leche,4 out of 5,Tabak luxury,Thick white smoke and smooth flavor. An excellent after dinner delight..
Drew Estate Undercrown Dojo Dogma,5 out of 5,Top shelf.,Top shelf.
Drew Estate Undercrown Dojo Dogma,5 out of 5,Dogma,Love these boxpresses. Radical departure from your typical Undercrown.
Drew Estate Undercrown Dojo Dogma,5 out of 5,Smooth,Love these even more now that I can get them!
Drew Estate Undercrown Dojo Dogma,4 out of 5,Half-great,"I've had about 50 of the regular Undercrown Maduro and I love them. The Dojo is definitely more full in body and in flavor. In fact, the flavors in this cigar are incredible! I like it better than LP#9, which I've smoked about a dozen. However, my favorite is the LPT52. I've had about 40 of them and just love the full-bodied, spicy smoke. I've only smoked one Dojo and the only reason I give it 4 stars is because the first half of it burned unevenly. There was a small void in the fillers right on the wide flat area of this box-press smoke. The 2nd half burned nicely and was a pure pleasure to smoke. The draw and smoke output was good through the whole cigar. If not for the burn issue, would rate it 5 stars. Hopefully, the other 9 cigars I got will smoke like the 2nd half of this cigar and not the first half."
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,4 out of 5,Good cigar,"Good cigar, you already know what to expect from Drew Estate."
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,VERY NICE,VERY NICE
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,Gran Toro,Tasty. Good draw
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,Fantastic cigar if you like a smooth DARK draw.,A lot like the Liga #9 to me. Just much cheaper
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,4 out of 5,Nice smoke,"Just enjoyable to have a small cigar for those times when a full hour isn't available, but you really crave a nice little bump during the day. Good product."
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,Drew's Best,This is one of my very favorite sticks. Smooth and full of flavor.
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,What a great smoke ...,Love the individual packaging and the cut tips that hold the cigar in place is a nice touch.... best ones yet.
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,4 out of 5,Small but tasty,When you are just wanting a taste and don’t have time
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,Good Quality,"Lots of flavor, but smooth."
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,4 out of 5,Excellent Cigar,Excellent Cigar
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,Great maduro option,Mellow smoke with leather and coffee undertones.
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,Real good creamy rich vanilla,Real good creamy rich vanilla spice good quick smoke
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,very nice,very nice
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent stick. Always wanted to,"Excellent stick. Always wanted to try it, glad for the purchase."
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,Drew estate undercrown,Good taste great smoke for a short break.
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,Worth every penny.,Perfect little stick for running around the house. What it lacks in size it makes up for in flavor. My only regret is not buying more.
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,Worth it plus more,Very smooth great aroma and great finish. By far one of my favorite
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,Lovely smoke !,"Wow what a cigar and a great price ! Strong flavors come thru oak, woody, vanilla bean just lovely and burned perfectly. These will get better when aging them."
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,4 out of 5,An after dinner delight,Nice well made and flavorful delight. A smaller ring size might help bring out the flavors a bit more. Of coarse that is just my preference talking. This cigar would completely satisfy many cigar nuts for sure!
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,Great....A1A....perfect,Great....A1A....perfect
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,Just an Outrageous smoke. Will,Just an Outrageous smoke. Will be ordering more soon. Have a wonderful day
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke,And you can beat the price 👍🏽
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,Excellent cigar
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,Nice Cigars,Great cigars
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,4 out of 5,Great smoke,Love what they have done with this blend. Excellent wrapper and flavor. You can smoke this one all the way down and still enjoy the quality .
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,Exceptional,CI has ALWAYS had exceptional customer service!! Their five packs arrive in top condition ready to enjoy.
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,Consistently Great,Consistently great from stick to stick. One of my all time favorites.
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,One of my all-time favorites,"One of my all-time favorites. I can't taste every ""note"" in a cigar, but I know what tastes great to me, and this one is consistently great tasting, and has a lot of smoke output, which I really like."
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent,"Well built, substantial wrapper, no thick stems, burns evenly and tastes vey good with hints of earthy tones. Not a killer full bodied like a Punisher or LFD but a very respectable full. I'm a multi-cigar a day smoker and I've tried 800+ different cigars, this is a strong 8 out of 10."
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,Great choice,"I just can't get away from this cigar, I never thought I'd like a full bodied cigar till I had undercrown. I will be making another purchase soon for this great cigar."
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,Drew Estate's Undercrown,"One of the top cigars I smoke. Always burns evenly, no stalks in the cigar, and the flavor is amazing. I highly recommend this masterpiece."
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,Perfect,"The is absolutely nothing wrong with this stick, perfect anytime, great price, well made brilliance! Keep on hand at all times."
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,Great everyday stick,One of my favorites
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,4 out of 5,Good Cigars & Great Deal.,"You Guys Are Awesome, But I Do Have One Request(Never Change) !"
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,4 out of 5,Nice smooth burn,Nice smooth burn
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,Cigars,Very good cigar enjoyed smoking this cigar
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,My favorite and go to cigar,"Great cigar! Smooth, nice taste, good burn."
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,Undercrown,"Even burn, soft smooth flavor but very rich. A go to cigar"
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,Superb smoke!,"The Undercrown Shade Belicoso is an outstanding smooth, well balanced smoke. Heartily recommend it!"
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,Always a great cigar,"Great burn, delicious flavor all the things you want in a great cigar"
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,Drew Estate Undercrown Gran Toro,"These are my regular smokes, 2 to 3 a week. I buy a box of these every couple months because they taste great and consistently burn well."
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,Robust and flavorful throughout,"Now one of my very favorites, along with several other Drew Estate productions!"
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,Well Rounded and Pleasant Cigar,I can't overstate how well rounded and pleasant this cigar is. Pricy? Yes. Worth it? Yes - every penny and more. Outstanding. I put it up against anything my humidor has ever held.
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,My go to smoke,My go to smoke
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,Outstanding in every way.,"No flaws at all. Absolutely enjoyable smoke all the way to the nub. I've never smoked a Liga, but I can now say those must be one of the best smokes on the planet if they put these to shame. The only bad thing about buying a box is the sinking feeling you get when you smoke your way to the bottom and realize you only have a few of these beauties left to enjoy."
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,Undercrown quality,"It's funny, the density of cigars...I realize humidification,age and storage techniques all factor in but when we receive cigars boxed from you I'm assuming the cigars are as close to proper as were gonna get...I love the density of the Undercrowns...............Thank You"
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,4 out of 5,Heady yet smooth,Lovely tasting after a spell in the humidor.
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,5 out of 5,Big fan of Undercrown Maduro,"Simply outstanding for the price. Smooth, flavorful and well constructed. I will take this in any of the vitolas that Drew Estates offers. It's a ""go to"" for me."
Drew Estate Undercrown Maduro,4 out of 5,Good,Good
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,5 out of 5,Good draw perfect for those,Good draw perfect for those 30 minute commutes
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,4 out of 5,Good.,Good.
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,5 out of 5,Excellent cigars!,"Really enjoying my new box of Shade Undercrowns. Very even burn, superb flavor. I highly recommend you try these!"
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,5 out of 5,Is Good,Is Good
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,5 out of 5,Smooth and medium-mild,"This has been my go to smoke for a while now. Burns well, last long, smooth and medium to mild flavor."
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,5 out of 5,Pretty great,These are beautiful and delicious cigars. I bought some of the small coronas at the same time and Pigs are a serious step up in flavor because of the larger format. The only slight negative is that the shape is not as comfortable to hold in your mouth as a box pressed or perfecto would be.
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,5 out of 5,Go to cigar,Go to cigar
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,5 out of 5,Perfect daily,Perfect daily
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,4 out of 5,Steeler fan,Excellent mild cigar
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,5 out of 5,🏌🏾‍♂️9 hole,Perfect mild cigar for my 9 hole league and the sampler pack drew estates dark wrapper are great for relaxing after golf
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,5 out of 5,An Excellent i8gar,"I had the pleasure of enjoying of this cigar in the past and was very impressed by them. I enjoyed the fact that they were mild and not harsh. When I saw the fantastic offer that Cigar International had, I did not hesitate to buy 2 boxes (of 25) for my Granddaughter's upcoming wedding. A cigar that is good enough for that occasion."
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,5 out of 5,good cigar,"starts off a little bitter, then settles into a good smoke, burns nice and even
I like them"
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,5 out of 5,Another Classic from Drew Estates,"Drew Estates Undercrown Shade is a perfect medium bodied smoke wrapped in luscious CT wrap. It has a sublime draw that pulls in toasty creamy flavor, and fills your mouth with plumes of smoke. It has a classic crisp taste that has elements of toast and coffee that is beautifully complex on the palate. It reminds be of Vegas Gold's bigger brother. This is and always will be one of my fave CT wrapped med. bodied smokes. Try one and you will not be disappointed. Highly recommend this one - Good on Drew Estates for a job well done!"
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,5 out of 5,Fantastic stick! ... but some issues,"This is an outstanding cigar. Great flavor, most of the box smoked good however there were a few that were solid as a rock in the middle and I struggled to get past it. Once I got over the hard chunk it picked right back up and finished perfect. Maybe a quality control issue? Surprising from Drew.
I would still recommend this smoke any day, it’s really mild but still pacs flavor."
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,5 out of 5,"Excellent Contruction, Solid Smoke","Solid Smoke is right. A beautiful wrapper, great construction, razor burn line, good draw. Nice creaminess from that Ecuadorian CT shade. Its all good."
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,5 out of 5,"Great smoke, Great price","Great smoke, Great price"
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,4 out of 5,Good Cigars,My favorite cigar that Drew Estates puts out. Came packaged pretty nice. Would buy again.
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,4 out of 5,Smooth and satisfying,I first experienced Undercrown as a freebie add on to a box purchase. A smooth and tasty cigar that is now one of my favorites. I love high quality Connecticut cigars and Undercrown fits the bill.
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,4 out of 5,"Medium strength, great flavor and","Medium strength, great flavor and burns well. Fine cigar."
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,5 out of 5,Shades of greatness!,"I ordered these very nice looking cigars because of just that, their looks. They look great! When received, these Connecticut wrapped beauties were way past my expections. I've never written a review of a cigar before, and I've been smoking cigars for over 40 years. And I really know smoke as I'm a retired Career Fire Fighter. Very, very smooth with a ""smokey"" richness that rolls over the pallet and doesn't stop until you are finished. I don't understand how they formulated this ""new to me"" cigar to have a powerful smoothness but they have--IN SPADES!! Or maybe I should say IN SHADEs!! BRAVO!"
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,5 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar. Smokes evenly.
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,5 out of 5,Can’t go wrong,Received these in the cream of the Connecticut crop sampler. All in the sampler are good but this one is by far the best. Very mellow. Smooth even burn and lasted over an hour. Will but again
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,4 out of 5,Mildly wonderful,These are a bit pricey by CI standards...but are a very good mellow cigar. Smooth to the last draw.
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,5 out of 5,Mellow and creamy,"I was gifted about half a box of these beauties by my father in law. While my humidor is filled with some cheaper everyday options, and I'm generally more of a Maduro fella, I find myself craving these constantly. They start off smoothe and creamy, and develop into a sweet zestiness that keeps billowing creamy (there's that word again) smoke. I keep waiting for them to burn hot or bitter towards the end, but all that happens is that I want another. Great cigar to enjoy while reflecting on the day with an evening coffee! Do yourself a favor and give some a try, even if you like bolder cigars, they're worth it!!"
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,3 out of 5,Disappointed,I was expecting more from Drew Estate but this one is simply smoke. No complexity - actually not much in the way of flavors at all. Tried two just to make sure I wasn’t having an off day but both were the same. Gave the rest away.
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,4 out of 5,Quality and Value,"Good smoke, milder, great value…good burn and a good hour spent with a glass of Rye"
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,5 out of 5,Undercrown awesome,The undercrown shade is one of my top 5 cigars a very mild to medium stick minimum veins tight wrap beautiful cap and just a delicious cigar overall from start to finish
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,4 out of 5,Smooth n creamy,Lit one out of the box. First draw produced creamy notes. Burned true.
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,4 out of 5,Very smooth smoke with a,Very smooth smoke with a little spice
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,5 out of 5,Great everyday smoke,Instant favorite following my first stick. Checks all the boxes for my palate. Medium (to mild ) blend that is smooth yet complex enough flavorwise to keep it interesting throughout the whole smoke. Doesn't overpower on strength and only subtle spice. The construction and burn have been flawless in all that I've smoke. Definitely recommend for those looking to step up from a strictly mild smoke or looking for a change of pace cigar from the fuller/bolder smokes.
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,5 out of 5,High quality,"These are very flavorful but still on the mild side. I wish they were a little cheaper I'd make them my go-to cigar. Out of my box of 25 I have about 5 left, all of them burned perfectly. If the smoker likes medium/mild flavor then this is a good choice. Bottom line: I would recommend these. KM 7/2018"
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,5 out of 5,Great smokes.,Never disappoints. CI takes care of business. DE4L.
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,4 out of 5,An out standing cigar right,"An out standing cigar right from the mailbox, can’t wait to try one after a few weeks of rest in my humidor"
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,5 out of 5,Love these cigars.,Love these cigars.
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,5 out of 5,Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,"One of the best smoking cigars I have had for the price. I am a mild/mild medium smoker and these are the best. Burn smooth, finish clean, and are very well made. Will not hesitate to buy more at CI prices."
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,5 out of 5,Good cigar,Nice price good cigar
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,5 out of 5,Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,My new favorite cigar. Mild and draws and burns superbly
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,5 out of 5,Smooth,A good 45min smoke!
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,5 out of 5,Undercrown Cigars,I love these cigars. They are top quality and consistently smoke smooth and even. All my friends love when I share one of these delicious cigars. Will definitely order again.
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,4 out of 5,Great Mild Cigar,"This cigar is a wonderful mild cigar, and I really enjoy it with a cup of coffee in the morning. It is smooth and creamy, with just a little touch of spice."
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,5 out of 5,Drew Estate,You can never go wrong picking any of the Drew estate's
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,5 out of 5,Drew Estates Undercrown Shade,"My friend and I have split a box of these each time we find them on sale at CI, with the free shipping and the 15 cigar sample it is an unbeatable deal. The Undercrown Shade Corona Doble is always a delicious smoke from beginning to end. Medium-bodied, lush & ultra-smooth. never harsh, even down to the last inch. The Ecuadorian Connecticut wrapper, Sumatran binder, and combined fillers definitely make it one of our favorites and maybe number one in this price range. For the money there is no better tasting cigar."
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,5 out of 5,Outstanding Smoke,"As noted in the title, this is an outstanding smoke from start to finish. Well done Drew Estate!"
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,3 out of 5,Ok,"Not bad, but not my favorite. It’s a pleasant smoke."
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Smooth and mellow. Good burn. I really like Drew Estate and Connecticut cigars so this was a no brainer. It didn't disappoint.
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,5 out of 5,Undercrown,"Nice mellow cigar, very good burn, I will definitely buy another box."
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,5 out of 5,Loved it,"Vey mellow , but very tasty. Really sweet taste. Great smoke"
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,3 out of 5,Fine cigar,"Don’t enjoy taking off end ring, burns well for a medium cigar"
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,5 out of 5,YUP,Light but great smoke and draw
Drew Estate Undercrown Shade,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Good deal,Individually wrapped and the Tin had a Boveda packet included inside. Good cigarillo great value.
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Undercrown Sun Grown,"Light, creamy, and very very smooth smoke for any time of day...great stick"
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,4 out of 5,It's a great addition to,It's a great addition to the Undercrown family of cigars. It met my expectations after smoking both the Maduro and shade Flying Pig cigars. I you enjoy a larger ring gage cigar This is one to try. It's long lasting enough for a good s.oke for It's stubby size and has all the earthy richness you expect from a sun grown cigar.
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,4 out of 5,smooth and flavorable will purchase,smooth and flavorable will purchase again.
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,4 out of 5,"Good cigar, good value.","Good cigar, good value."
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Drew Estate always delivers,Great cigar and a great deal
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Excellent CIgar,"Very nice smoke, mild tangy taste. Burned perfectly much better than the Undercrown Maduro."
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Pretty tasty,Pretty tasty
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Tom’s thoughts,Smooth smoke for a great price. Great for smoking outside on the deck with a cold XX beer.
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Superb,One of my top five and I have smokes cigars for over fifty years
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Undercrown Sungrown,"Honestly one of my top 5 cigars. Didn’t think much of it when I was given one. That’s why it sat in my humidor for 4 years. 67% 67*. I loved it so much once I smoked it, I immediately bought a box. Taste is a bit different aged a couple of months in my humidor. But still superb. Thank you Drew Estate for making excellent cigars. Thank you CI for offering great deals."
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Undercrown Sungrown,"Drew once again provides a superb cigar, nice spice and pepper on the retro hale"
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar one of my,Excellent cigar one of my favorite
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Undercrown Sungrown,Love this blend. Awesome!!
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Undergrown is Outstanding,"This cigar has a flavor that I personally like. Paired with a single malt scotch whiskey that was finished in a bourbon barrel, it brings out the peppery flavor of this fine cigar. The smoke gives off a white flume and the burn is flawless. Price is very good for the quality."
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Nice flavor,Enjoyed the cigar. Left it in humidor for a week but it still split while smoking - as did a second one a few days later
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Very enjoyable,Very enjoyable
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,5 out of 5,My favorite!,My favorite!
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Quality smoke,Drew Estate cigars are always a good smoke
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,4 out of 5,One of my go to,One of my go to sticks
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,3 out of 5,almost 4 stars but not 4 stars,"I have been searching for a great everyday cigar. I smoke at least one but most likely two cigars a day. It is not the cigar I have been looking for,"
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,3 out of 5,"Dry, cedar. That’s it","Wanted to love these, but after 3 I can say they are just ok. Not much flavor. Dry cedar is the only flavor. They burn pretty well though. I would not buy again."
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Sun grown flying pig,Absolutely awesome. A regular in the rotation now.
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,They are smooth and full of flavor! Always a good burn.
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,5 out of 5,The Best hands down,Worth every cent greatest cigars I have ever smoked!!!!
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Love the pigs,These cigars are flavor bombs. Construction is excellent. Draw is great with lots of complex smoke. The pigs are great
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Great Stick,"There's not much else that can be said about this cigar, great stick through and through. For any cigar smoker that loves their Maduro's you can't go wrong here."
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Flying Pigs,Very good smoke from start to finish.
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Excellent stick! Drew Estate does,Excellent stick! Drew Estate does it again!
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,5 out of 5,New favorite,I'm a big fan of most all Drew Estates cigars. The Undercrown Sun Grown has become my new favorite.
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Smooth,"Enjoyed the sun grown ,as I do all the undercrown line, sungrown was smooth and flavorful."
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,3 out of 5,A little too strong for,A little too strong for me. Hard on the draw.
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Undercrown Sun Grown Robusto,real nice smoke!
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Under crown sungrown,Great deal fast free shipping. Awesome cigars!
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Excellent wveryday smoke,"Been a Drew Estate fan for a long time and this one is excellant . Powerful but balanced , nice even burn with a good draw every time . Of the 3 undercrowns this one is the best"
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,5 out of 5,A true tasty stick,"The undercrown line is loved by many for it's Maduro and Connecticut blends. The latest release of the Sungrown with it's similarly styled red band does not disappoint. While having more spice than it's predecessors the Sun Grown comes in with smoothness after the first inch or so and burns like a true gem to the nub.
If you like Drew Estate's natural flavor line, you will love these."
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Being a fan of Drew Estates and the other Undercrown offerings I was not surprised when I fell in love with this one. Strong rich flavor but not too spicy or earthy. It is at the top of my favorites list.
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Undercrown Sungrown,The entire Liga Privida family of cigars are excellent. The Undercrown Sungrown exhibits a natural sweetness and unique flavor profile that sets it apart. Truly one of my favorite cigars.
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Good Sun Grown,"Strong, flavorful and nice smoke. I think they are better than their FSG"
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,5 out of 5,BUY,Flying Pigs are such a great morning cigar with a coffee
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Lasts 8 holes,"I try to find cigars that are mild, good burning, have unique tastes and last at least nine holes (golfing). This one lasts 8 holes but meets all the other requirements."
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Very good not great.,Same as the traditional undercrown but with a less complicated flavor profile.
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,5 out of 5,"The Undercrown Sungrown smoked great... Great burn, draw and taste.","I'm a big fan of Drew Estate Liga Privada, so I gave these a try because CI was running a special during Christmas. The Undercrown Sungrown smoked great... Great burn, draw and taste."
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Rich smoke,"Another great cigar from Drew Estate. The Undercrown Sungrown is an amazing strong cigar, oily and spicy. Very elegant!"
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Frequent cigar smoker,"This cigar is excellent. Smoke when fresh, well constructed, even burn, perfect draw. Medium to full. Excellent"
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Great cigars,These cigars are a must-try I started out with a 5-pack and wished I had bought a box
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Short great smoke,Nice burn good ash great flavor awesome conversation look
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Sun grown,Great cigar. If you’re looking for full flavored this is it
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Undercrown Sungrown Robusto,"Awesome price, and bonus goodies made for a better deal..... Shipping was fast and on time"
Drew Estate Undercrown Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Great Smoke !!!,Master Blender Willie Herrera has knocked this one out of the park .....great cigar !!!
Dunhill 1907,4 out of 5,Quick smoke with decent taste.,Quick smoke with decent taste. The deal was very good though.
Dunhill 1907,4 out of 5,Maybe not,"I like the flavor, I like the strength, I love the ring size, length is just a bit short for me. Draw is good. Burn, however, is not. Or at best uneven. A few cigars burned perfectly. Some were just canoes. It was a great deal at the sale price. Maybe not at full price."
Dunhill 1907,3 out of 5,dunhill 1907 rothchild,it's a pleasant smoke but doesn't have any unique characteristics
Dunhill 1907,3 out of 5,Dunhill 1907,These cigars were very consistent in their flavor and strength. They were well made and burned well. Overall just a little bit drier taste than what I usually prefer. I prefer a deeper oilier flavor.
Dunhill 1907,5 out of 5,Nice smoke,Nice smoke
Dunhill 1907,4 out of 5,Pleasant and relaxing,Good for an occasional mild smoke
Dunhill 1907,3 out of 5,Someone disappointed,Expected more flavor than this one delivered.
Dunhill 1907,5 out of 5,Awesome!,Great service and quick shipping!
Dunhill Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Dark goodness in a convenient size,Perfect quick break that somehow lasted an hour will diffinately order again.
Dunhill Aged Maduro,3 out of 5,Not my style,Enjoyed but a little tight will not reorder
Dunhill Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,👍🏻,👍🏻
Dunhill Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Nice cigars and excellent customer,Nice cigars and excellent customer service !
Dunhill Heritage,5 out of 5,Dunhill,GREAT SMOKE
Dunhill Heritage,3 out of 5,Middle of the road stick.,"I received a 5 pack of the toro's in a purchase with other cigars. Of the 5 sticks one was utterly horrible due to inconsistent burn and unraveling and the taste of burnt wood. I let the other 4 season a few more weeks in my humidor before trying the 2nd stick. The 2nd stick was fantastic, even burn smooth draw and nice flavors throughout. The other 3, the last of which I'm smoking now is just ok. Draw is fine, flavors good but the inconsistent burn annoys me. Not the worse cigar I've had and not one I'll go out of my way to find again but will have if presented to me."
Dunhill Heritage,5 out of 5,My new favorite,"I received five of these in a variety pack and had to go right back and buy 20 more.
Perfect construction leading to a perfect burn with good medium strength to go with perfect flavor and lots of smoke.
Leave it to an old company like Dunhill (I love watching the Dunhill Links golf Championship on the European Tour every fall) to create my new favorite.."
Dunhill Heritage,5 out of 5,good cigar,first time very good cigar
Dunhill Heritage,4 out of 5,Very nice medium cigar,"Very nice cigar. Excellent construction, beautiful wrapper, firm, nice burn though it starts out a little tight, consistent flavor throughout, good with a glass of scotch."
Dunhill Heritage,3 out of 5,Nothing Special,"Good cigar, burned well but didn’t have that special something you look for in a premium cigar"
Dunhill Heritage,1 out of 5,Not good at all.,Not good at all.
Dunhill Heritage,5 out of 5,Good cigar,So far all I have smoked have been well worth the money!
Dunhill Heritage,4 out of 5,Nice cigar,Good smoke great balance and construction
Dunhill Heritage,4 out of 5,Decent,Decent
Dunhill Heritage,3 out of 5,Not very smooth,"Purchased as part of a sampler pack, overall not too impressed. Definetly a medium cigar but the after taste was not very good. Good cigars leave a guy wanting more which this doesn't do for me. Don't mean to scare anyone off but this one ain't my cup off tea. It did burn good and smoke evenly though."
Dunhill Heritage,5 out of 5,Best Dunhill in years!,"This is a great cigar at a great price! Great flavor profile, not terribly complex, but created a few curves in the road that made the experience enjoyable enough to want more."
Dunhill Heritage,3 out of 5,Just an average cheap cigar,Doesn't taste bitter or canoe and it stays lit. Great cigar for when you want a smoke while doing something else. It isn't the best but then again you aren't paying top dollar either. Also good for giving to friends who don't really smoke much. You can take this out of your humidor and not miss it. They will like it fine as it isn't overly strong.
Dunhill Heritage,5 out of 5,Great little cigar,Excellent smoke. Burned well. Smooth until the last draw.
Dunhill Heritage,4 out of 5,Decent smoke,"Not bad flavor and pretty strong, a good value. No complaints but probably won’t order again because so many better choices available."
Dunhill Heritage,5 out of 5,Fit for the Prime Minister!,"Ordered this smoke after reading that Winston Churchill smoked these. Im sure they aren't exactly the same as 1940 but they are darned good. I would categorize these as stronger than a medium but not quite a strong cigar. Almost though. It has a strong flavor that is more spice than bitter, unlike so many maduros. If you like strong cigars with some flavor, instead of strong that just taste like licking an ashtray then I highly recommend giving the Dunhill Heritage a try!"
Dunhill Heritage,5 out of 5,dunhill heritage toro,"great deal, great cigar"
Dunhill Heritage,4 out of 5,A Dunhill gem,The Heritage is an excellent cigar. I have smoked many of them and keep ordering on a regular basis. It's a solid medium strength with lots of flavour and has good burn quality.
Dunhill Heritage,5 out of 5,great,great
Dunhill Heritage,5 out of 5,Very good,"Good flavor, draw and burn"
Dunhill Heritage,4 out of 5,Pretty good smoke,"Nice draw, nice taste - stays lit without touch up"
Dunhill Heritage,4 out of 5,A Nice Smoke,"I had heard good things about Dunhill. The price tag on these seemed reasonable so I chose to give them a try. Glad I did. Great tasting and long lasting cigar with a good burn. I would definitely recommend these, especially for the price. I am thinking that I will buy more in the future."
Dunhill Heritage,4 out of 5,enjoyable smoke,"well made, burns good, improves throughout"
Dunhill Heritage,5 out of 5,These are nice! I want some more.,"I nice smooth, full bodied smoke. I've had two of them and want to smoke the rest. No aging needed with them. Then I want more of them."
Dunhill Heritage,5 out of 5,Good smoke!,"Beautifully constructed cigar with a good draw and great burn. Bold, in-your-face flavors; really interesting and enjoyable.. There's depth and a richness that I really like. (Not my morning stick, though.) Bada$$ , but classy - like James Bond..."
Dunhill Heritage,5 out of 5,Really good smoke,On my list of favorits
Dunhill Heritage,5 out of 5,"love these sticks, especially at the price point!","What can I say, great sticks at a reasonable price. Enjoy!"
Dunhill Heritage,5 out of 5,Top quality with a wonderful,Top quality with a wonderful flavor profile.
Dunhill Heritage,2 out of 5,Disappointing considering Top 25 ranking,"I've been sampling many of the 2015 Top 25, and this was one of them. As far as flavor and complexity, no issues. But the first 2 of the 5 I bought had intolerable burn and draw issues. They both burnt unevenly and had to be relit several times, and they seemed to have been rolled way too tight, I could barely get anything out of them. When I did the ywere ok, but in my opinion they're not even close to being a Top 25 cigar. INMHO try the Patel Habano or the Sublimes, much greater value and overall performance."
Dunhill Heritage,5 out of 5,Very good cigar,Very good cigar
Dunhill Heritage,5 out of 5,comeback,"Excellent, medium sweet and earthy, rich, dark tobacco tastes with mild spice. Surprising transitions and more complexity than expected. Not as strong as advertised, being medium to medium+ in strength. AND it tastes original, not a knockoff of another cigar!"
Duque,5 out of 5,Decent smoke,"As many have said before, it is a decent smoke and you won't regret the buck or so you pay for it. I agree. I bumped my review up from 4 stars to 5 because it is a good value."
Duque,5 out of 5,Great cigar for the money,Great cigar for the money
Duque,4 out of 5,Duque Toro cigars,"I have been smoking Duque toros for a very long time. I find it to be a great smoke. They burn great with a mild flavor. When you don’t have an hour to sit and smoke your cigar, I can light this cigar and enjoy it for awhile and go back to it when I can and it still taste good"
Duque,4 out of 5,Pretty Good,"pretty good cigar, the burn was not the greatest tho."
Duque,4 out of 5,Golf Course,This cigar is a great option for me to smoke while out playing golf. It has a great price and flavor.
Duque,5 out of 5,ONE OF THE BEST 1,A VERY SMOOTH AND AFFORDABLE SMOKE !
Duque,5 out of 5,"A good, basic smoke.","I usually spend about ten dollars a stick at my local cigar shop. During the COVID scare, my shop hasn’t been open. So when a I saw this deal I was skeptical. But this is a good, basic smoke for sitting around in the yard. And at a dollar a stick, you can’t beat the price!"
Duque,4 out of 5,Duque Robusto,I’ve had these before at least once but the natural leaf ones… Always a great every day cigar especially when I’m walking the dog or just sitting having a cuppa coffee in the morning definitely worth a four star rating and I would get them again maduro or natural
Duque,4 out of 5,Fills a niche in my humidor,"I was not expecting much when I bought these on sale but now I'm impressed with the flavor and aroma they fit perfectly when you want a short and satisfying smoke not the best I have but a good smoke for the price. No touch ups, good draw, lots of smoke. Thanks CI keep them in stock."
Duque,4 out of 5,Good cheap short smoke,I have in the past trusted C I's reviews I saw these on sale and didn't think they would be a good buy I bought them to fill a short smoke need and I have smoked two of them right out of the bundle they taste great and fill my need perfectly burn is near perfect flavor is great they get a little strong at the end but to me they all do thanks CI.
Duque,4 out of 5,medium strenght. easy draw. good,medium strenght. easy draw. good cigar!
Duque,3 out of 5,For the skeptics,I got these for everyday smoke and have some around for guest. I gotta say I thought these would be horrible but to my surprise they are smooth. Good selection for everyday smoke.
Duque,4 out of 5,Delicious Cigars,"good quality, nice and delicious cigars. thanks."
Duque,5 out of 5,great,very good
Duque,4 out of 5,entry level cigar,The price is reasonable. entry level cigar.
Duque,5 out of 5,TY,TY
Duque,5 out of 5,Pleasant Cigars,The cigars are very pleasant and easy smoking.
Duque,3 out of 5,Shipping,I think you should offer more freight free orders. I order from other sites to get the free shipping
Duque,4 out of 5,Burns evenly,Burns evenly
Duque,4 out of 5,Great everyday Smoke!,Enjoyed this Stick! Nice draw & Good Burn! Great Price! Great Everyday smoke
Duque,3 out of 5,Daily,This is a good inexpensive every day cigar for me. It’s well constructed and smokes consistently.
Duque,5 out of 5,Very good inexpensive smoke,A fine cigar for an every day smoke.
Duque,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Duque,5 out of 5,Great Cigars!,"I think this is a great, quality cigar for the money!"
Duque,4 out of 5,DUQUE,DUQUE CIGARS SMOKE GREAT GOOD EVEN BURN SMOOTH TASTE I AM VERY PLEASED WITH.
Duque,4 out of 5,Duque toro,I enjoy this smoke. Very consistent draw and a good draw
Duque,4 out of 5,Decent for a cheap cigar.,Taste is decent. Burns evenly. All-around decent smoke for a cheap cigar
Duque,3 out of 5,Good value,"Burns well, nice smoke, not a lot of flavor but then it's not a lot of money. Good value, will be buying them again."
Duque,5 out of 5,not bad,good for price
Duque,1 out of 5,Dogue churchill,"Not good, very hard draw and very hard to keep lit, definitely not my favorite."
Duque,3 out of 5,Daily Smoker,Not a very tight roll but ok flavor and burns pretty even. Good daily smoker.
Duque,5 out of 5,Duque are ok!!!,Great smoking for the price! Love them!!!
Duque,4 out of 5,Duque,A Good smoke for a good price.
Duque,5 out of 5,Great cigar for the price.,Great cigar for the price.
Duque,4 out of 5,Good cigar for the money.,Good cigar for the money.
Duque,4 out of 5,Good everyday stick,"For an evening smoke while walking the dog, this is more than adequate."
Duque,1 out of 5,don't bother for several reasons,"even as a 2fer these cigars are not worth the aggravation. what i found basically was their inconsistency, for example:
1. they claim to be medium body, not so. many are so mild that they're not worth smoking.
2. some are too tightly wrapped to be of any use or enjoyment, some so loose wrapped that they burn too quickly.
3. some are all loose filler which means they burned too quickly. the wrapper tobacco never has a chance to burn.
4. many of the cigars started unwravelling even under different environmental conditions."
Duque,1 out of 5,Someties You Don't Eve Get What You Pay For,"Cheap cigar is an understatement! Got these in a sampler and it is easily the worst cigar I ever torched. The wrapper started to come apart when lit. The cigar was tasteless, loose, and disintegrated while smoking. Thanks but no thanks on these dog rockets"
Duque,3 out of 5,Al in Pensacola FL,good enough for the price. a big ole cigar that's good while you work. It is what I expected for the cost. couple of poorly made smokes in the lot but generally they were fine.
Duque,5 out of 5,You'll love it!,Great cigar!
Duque,5 out of 5,Great cigar!!!!!,Great taste and flavor! Definitely an everyday cigar. Perfect for an evening on the deck and the golf course!
Duque,5 out of 5,Nice cigar for the price,"It had been a while since I ordered this brand of cigar, and I have to say it is a great smoke. I believe the taste and aroma is better today than approximitely one year ago. I highly recommend this cigar as a daily smoke."
Duque,1 out of 5,Lesson learned....,"1 out of every 5 were good. The rest either had such a poor wrap with pinholes, or unraveled within a few minutes. Humidor was at a constant 70% level, but still, had to surrender after just a few pulls. Never again, lesson learned."
Duque,1 out of 5,Lesson learned....,"1 out of every 5 were good. The rest either had such a poor wrap with pinholes, or unraveled within a few minutes. Humidor was at a constant 70% level, but still, had to surrender after just a few pulls. Never again, lesson learned."
Duque,2 out of 5,Very harsh taste,They are not for me
Duque,2 out of 5,"Duque Churchill,","The cigar is a little soft, and it is a short filler, so when the end gets wet as they all do, you get a mouthful of tobacco.
The flavor is fine, and burns usually well and can last 8 or 9 holes."
Duque,5 out of 5,Great service,Great service
Duque,3 out of 5,A good yard smoke.,"This is a good smoke for mowing the lawn, tending the garden or whatever outside. They're inexpensive but I like them for an afternoon working smoke."
Duque,5 out of 5,love em',For those brief interludes of fine handmade cigar pleasure ...long ashes
Duque,3 out of 5,duque,decent cigar for the money...i'd buy them again
Duque,4 out of 5,Delicious Cigars,"good quality, nice and delicious cigars. thanks."
Duque,5 out of 5,great,very good
Duque,4 out of 5,entry level cigar,The price is reasonable. entry level cigar.
Duque,5 out of 5,TY,TY
Duque,4 out of 5,Great everyday Smoke!,Enjoyed this Stick! Nice draw & Good Burn! Great Price! Great Everyday smoke
Duque,4 out of 5,Decent for a cheap cigar.,Taste is decent. Burns evenly. All-around decent smoke for a cheap cigar
Duque,3 out of 5,Good value,"Burns well, nice smoke, not a lot of flavor but then it's not a lot of money. Good value, will be buying them again."
Duque,5 out of 5,not bad,good for price
Duque,1 out of 5,Dogue churchill,"Not good, very hard draw and very hard to keep lit, definitely not my favorite."
Duque,3 out of 5,Daily Smoker,Not a very tight roll but ok flavor and burns pretty even. Good daily smoker.
Duque,5 out of 5,Duque are ok!!!,Great smoking for the price! Love them!!!
Duque,4 out of 5,Duque,A Good smoke for a good price.
Duque,5 out of 5,Great cigar for the price.,Great cigar for the price.
Duque,4 out of 5,Good cigar for the money.,Good cigar for the money.
Duque,4 out of 5,Good everyday stick,"For an evening smoke while walking the dog, this is more than adequate."
Duque,1 out of 5,don't bother for several reasons,"even as a 2fer these cigars are not worth the aggravation. what i found basically was their inconsistency, for example:
1. they claim to be medium body, not so. many are so mild that they're not worth smoking.
2. some are too tightly wrapped to be of any use or enjoyment, some so loose wrapped that they burn too quickly.
3. some are all loose filler which means they burned too quickly. the wrapper tobacco never has a chance to burn.
4. many of the cigars started unwravelling even under different environmental conditions."
Duque,1 out of 5,Someties You Don't Eve Get What You Pay For,"Cheap cigar is an understatement! Got these in a sampler and it is easily the worst cigar I ever torched. The wrapper started to come apart when lit. The cigar was tasteless, loose, and disintegrated while smoking. Thanks but no thanks on these dog rockets"
Duque,3 out of 5,Al in Pensacola FL,good enough for the price. a big ole cigar that's good while you work. It is what I expected for the cost. couple of poorly made smokes in the lot but generally they were fine.
Duque,5 out of 5,You'll love it!,Great cigar!
Duque,5 out of 5,Great cigar!!!!!,Great taste and flavor! Definitely an everyday cigar. Perfect for an evening on the deck and the golf course!
Duque,5 out of 5,Nice cigar for the price,"It had been a while since I ordered this brand of cigar, and I have to say it is a great smoke. I believe the taste and aroma is better today than approximitely one year ago. I highly recommend this cigar as a daily smoke."
Duque,1 out of 5,Lesson learned....,"1 out of every 5 were good. The rest either had such a poor wrap with pinholes, or unraveled within a few minutes. Humidor was at a constant 70% level, but still, had to surrender after just a few pulls. Never again, lesson learned."
Duque,1 out of 5,Lesson learned....,"1 out of every 5 were good. The rest either had such a poor wrap with pinholes, or unraveled within a few minutes. Humidor was at a constant 70% level, but still, had to surrender after just a few pulls. Never again, lesson learned."
Duque,2 out of 5,Very harsh taste,They are not for me
Duque,2 out of 5,"Duque Churchill,","The cigar is a little soft, and it is a short filler, so when the end gets wet as they all do, you get a mouthful of tobacco.
The flavor is fine, and burns usually well and can last 8 or 9 holes."
Duque,5 out of 5,Great service,Great service
Duque,3 out of 5,A good yard smoke.,"This is a good smoke for mowing the lawn, tending the garden or whatever outside. They're inexpensive but I like them for an afternoon working smoke."
Duque,5 out of 5,love em',For those brief interludes of fine handmade cigar pleasure ...long ashes
Duque,3 out of 5,duque,decent cigar for the money...i'd buy them again
Duque,1 out of 5,Cheap but you get what you pay for,These were very loosely filled and also would not stay lit...and 70% of them had canoeing even after 30 days in a humidor. I will not buy again.
Duque,4 out of 5,duque,good cigar great price
Duque,5 out of 5,Duque Torpedo,Good smoke for the price. I'll buy them again.
Duque,2 out of 5,Cheap is cheap,"I don't expect much from a cheap cigar. Duque didn't disappoint, I didn't get much. Loose construction, bad burn characteristics and weak taste. An excellent choice to experiment with if you want to infuse flavors."
Duque,2 out of 5,Fair,"Been buying these for years. Last couple batches have been hit and miss. Many can't draw and smoke poorly
Seems quality lately of everything has been lower than past years"
Duque,4 out of 5,Good smooth smoke. Even burb,Good smooth smoke. Even burb
Duque,5 out of 5,Duque Churchill,Great mild cigar will definitely buy again
Duque,5 out of 5,EGood for pric,EGood for pric
Duque,3 out of 5,Somewhat Disappointed,"Disappointing is what I have to say. I have had several of the Churchills acquired as part of samplers and always found them to be a really fine cigar and when what I normally ordered was out of stock I ordered these as a replacement. Unfortunately they didn't live up to the samples I received in the samplers. The are hard to keep lit, especially the last 3 to 3 1/2 inches making smoking them extremely frustrating. Of the first 20 some I have smoked only 2 or 3 were I able to smoke without this happening. I have left them in my humidor hoping for improvement but so far, no such luck. I'll keep trying them on occasion and see how things go."
Duque,5 out of 5,Everyday smoke,I use these as an everyday smoke while working on the farm.Burns well and you can't beat the price!
Duque,5 out of 5,Great cigar for the price,Great cigar for the price
Duque,1 out of 5,Bought & smoked 80+ of these cigars over a one year period.,The cigar flavor is almost non-existent. Too much small cut tobacco at the tip end giving me a mouth full of loose tobacco. Inconsistent draw from OK to too easy. Most cigars had runners / uneven burn with consistent corrections having to be made throughout the smoke.
Duque,5 out of 5,Nice smoke,"Nice smoke. Had no problems with unwrapping, uneven burn, frequent extinguishing, etc. Do yourself a favor, order some, throw them in your humidor for a month, then enjoy!"
Duque,1 out of 5,Worse Cigar from CI yet!,"I did write a review on this already but if you want it again I'll send it. That's how dissatisfied I was with this cigar. The taste wasn't bad but the bad part was the way it burned. Completely uneven, constantly going out, difficult to keep lit. Believe me I will never buy them again!"
Duque,5 out of 5,Daque,"the perfect everyday smoke! great flavor, inexpensive. But why are the toros always out of stock???"
Duque,3 out of 5,Sketchy at best...,"Sketchy construction, quality is questionable. Taste is just ok. Price is right for what it is. Better sticks are available that won't break the bank."
Duque,3 out of 5,Better,Had to snip an inch but otherwise better than a cheapie
Duque,3 out of 5,Duque Churchill 2-fer,Not a bad everyday smoke some are a hard draw but for the price a good deal
Duque,5 out of 5,Great service - never a problem.,Very good everyday cigar.
Duque,3 out of 5,Duque Churchill,The Duque Churchill is a great everyday cigar. You can't beet the price at around a buck a stick.
Duque,5 out of 5,Duque,Great Deal
Dutch Masters,5 out of 5,Great product great price,Great product great price
Dutch Masters,4 out of 5,After making a change from,After making a change from smoking cigarette . there's are pleasant smoke nice sweet tastes kind of reminds me of my grandfathers tobacco
Dutch Masters,5 out of 5,BEST DUTCH MASTER,Nothing beats the original! Always come fresh from CI!
Dutch Masters,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Dutch Masters,3 out of 5,OK I suppose,Ordered these for a friend who likes them.
Dutch Masters,5 out of 5,Dutch Masters Corona Delux,Been smokeing them for for 65 years and like them!!!
Dutch Masters,4 out of 5,A very nice smoke,A very nice smoke
Dutch Masters,5 out of 5,Best Dutch Master,This is the classic original Dutch and its still the best one!
Dutch Masters,3 out of 5,Good,A cigar I can afford to smoke everyday. Pleasant flavor east draw.
Dutch Masters,5 out of 5,Order and Delivery,Excellent response and services.....thanks
Dutch Masters,3 out of 5,Inexpensive quickie,"Not bad for a quick smoke, 100% better than the John Bulls thst were recent on sale"
Dutch Masters,5 out of 5,EXCELLENT SERVICE,I love the cigars i orderedfrom cigars international. the dutch masters are fresh and quality. Will be purchasing again.
Dutch Masters,3 out of 5,Dutch master palma 55's,Was looking for a cheap cigar as I like to have a couple a day. Decent construction but gets fairly bitter and so far most of them have a tar that forms at the end which totally ruins the cigar for me. Probably will not buy again.
Dutch Masters,1 out of 5,Save your money,"Save your money, better machine rolled out there for less money and some good hand rolled."
Dutch Masters,5 out of 5,Good Smokes!,"Working in the garage or in the yard, Palma’s fit the bill."
Dutch Masters,5 out of 5,Very good cigar for the,Very good cigar for the price.
Dutch Masters,3 out of 5,chstig,Dutch Masters are not as good as the past.
Dutch Masters,5 out of 5,VERY NICE CIGARS,VERY GOOD FER THE PRICE AND CI ALWAYS DELIVERS GREAT
Dutch Masters,1 out of 5,As bad as a cigar can be!!,"Many years ago the Dutch Masters Corona Natural was one darn good cigar. I smoked some recently and the flavor and aroma were beyond bad, they were horrible!!! I can't describe how horrible they were. The aroma was like burning floor carpet. And that is one bad smell. Also, they had some sickly sweet strawberry flavor that was like a cheap cough syrup. I can't believe the ratings these got on here. I purchased a 4 pack of these things and threw 2 of them away. The maker of these should be arrested for changing them..."
Dutch Masters,4 out of 5,Great taste!,Great taste and full bodied. Shipped fast.
Dutch Masters,5 out of 5,Good overall smoke & value.,Good overall smoke & value.
Dutch Masters,5 out of 5,Great item! Good price!,Item was shipped very quickly! Great item!
Dutch Masters,5 out of 5,My Favorite of this Price range by far.,A Real good everyday Cigar that is easy to fall in love with!
Dutch Masters,5 out of 5,great deal,great deal
Dutch Masters,4 out of 5,Dutch Masters Corona Natural,The individual foil wrap is great. Shipping on schedule. I really can not complain.
Dutch Masters,5 out of 5,cheaper,cheaper than the tobacco outlet
Dutch Masters,4 out of 5,Everyday cigar,"Have been smoking these for years. Good cigar when working in the garage or yard or when I know my smoking time is limited. Rated as mild but I think mild to medium would be more accurate. just stocked up for deer season, will have a Perdomo with a glass of bourbon in the evening by the fire."
Dutch Masters,4 out of 5,Nice Cigar terrible wrap,The wrap on the outside makes it difficult to open. 7 out of 10 the pull tab don't work.
Dutch Masters,5 out of 5,Best Prices....Super Fast Shipping!,"I love this company! They are the cheapest i found they are super fast on processing orders..I placed an order Wednesday night and here it is Friday and my package is out for delivery, and this is using there standard shipping!"
Dutch Masters,5 out of 5,very proffessional great service,very proffessional great service
E.P. Carrillo 5th Year Anniversary,4 out of 5,Classy and Lite Goodness,"A beautiful, well constructed cigar. It presents a light creamy light pepper and oak throughout."
E.P. Carrillo 5th Year Anniversary,5 out of 5,Simply perfect,"I have smoked many cigars from the hype to the classic. This blend from E.P. Carrillo is abosulutly magnificent. This cigar has all the mud body flavours you could ask for and finishes strong for such a mild cigar. I purchased some when it first came out and recently added to my collection. I will put this 8 dollar cigar in the same group as the pradrom, cohibia and Opus x lost city or Alec bradly fine and rare. This is an amazing cigar at any price and unbelievable at the price it’s offered."
E.P. Carrillo Capa de Sol,4 out of 5,Very good cigar it's my,Very good cigar it's my morning go to and will be buying them again
E.P. Carrillo Capa de Sol,5 out of 5,E.P. Carrillo Capa de Sol Piramides No. 5,"Well constructed, great burn and medium + strength. An excellent cigar."
E.P. Carrillo Capa de Sol,5 out of 5,love these,love these
E.P. Carrillo Capa de Sol,5 out of 5,Simply fantastic,Simply fantastic
E.P. Carrillo Capa de Sol,5 out of 5,Strong smoothness.,"I bought a box of Robusto Royal 5 x 52 at CT. This Capa de Sol are full bodied, full flavor smokes. This is strong tobacco, not doubt about it. E P Carrillo mastery blended these strong tobacco in such a way that we can enjoy it at a peacefully balance smoothness. The majority of strong pepper bomb cigars are unbalance and harsh to extreme tongue bite. This Capa de Sol are delicious and balance full bodied smokes."
E.P. Carrillo Capa de Sol,5 out of 5,EPC capa du sol,"Excellent - becoming one of my favorites, complex flavors without overpowering the senses"
E.P. Carrillo Cardinal Impact Natural,5 out of 5,A very good cigar medium,A very good cigar medium to full bodied
E.P. Carrillo Core Plus Maduro,4 out of 5,"Tastes good, doesn't burn the best","They taste good, I would have given it 5 star if it produced a nice hard long ash and didn't go out so quickly."
E.P. Carrillo Core Plus Maduro,5 out of 5,Under the radar treat,I got these for a great price and took a chance since I always enjoy Ernesto's products. It did not disappoint! Very rich and flavorful throughout. A classic maduro in the E.P. Carrillo tradition.
E.P. Carrillo Core Plus Natural,4 out of 5,Very even cigar,Very even cigar
E.P. Carrillo Core Plus Natural,4 out of 5,"Nice burn, excellent draw and","Nice burn, excellent draw and a very nice nutty and flavor."
E.P. Carrillo Core Plus Natural,4 out of 5,Good smoke for the money,Good smoke for the money
E.P. Carrillo Core Plus Natural,5 out of 5,"full bodied treat, one of","full bodied treat, one of my favorites"
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,5 out of 5,The best,The best
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,5 out of 5,Excellent Value,"Ernesto does it again with another hit. This full flavor, medium body gem deserves space in your humidor!"
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,5 out of 5,Great flavor,Great flavor throughout.
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,4 out of 5,a good medium bodied cigar,a good medium bodied cigar
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,4 out of 5,Ritual fan,"This was my first time trying these smokes, but definitely will not be the last. Smooth and burns good."
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,4 out of 5,Full body but not overly,Full body but not overly heavy. Excellent tasting cigar.
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,3 out of 5,"Well constructed, decent draw, balanced","Well constructed, decent draw, balanced flavor. Not as full-flavored as anticipated."
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,4 out of 5,Decent cigar,"I really like EP Carrillo New Waves, and am moderately fond of darker, bolder cigars so take this for what you will. It's a really enjoyable smoke. Great flavor, not too rough. The reason I knock it down a start is cause the cigar smell/taste stuck with me for over a day after smoking one. Even after brushing twice I could tell I had smoked one of these. Great cigar but heavy residuals."
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,5 out of 5,Great,Terrific smoke at a great price
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,5 out of 5,Good cigars,Good cigars
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,5 out of 5,Very smooth and taste,Very smooth and taste
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,4 out of 5,a good smoke,a good smoke
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,5 out of 5,Just beautiful,I think I'm in love. My newest favorite.
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,5 out of 5,A Good Habit of a Ritual,"A very good, relaxing smoke! Draws well, tastes nutty and rich. Paired well with Bowmore 18 y.o. Scotch. Very even burn, and a pleasure down to the nub."
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,5 out of 5,E.P. Carrilo Dark Rituals Toro,"Good, smooth smoke. Enjoy it very much,sometimes it has an uneven burn, but I can usually straighten it out."
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,5 out of 5,E.P. Carillo Dark Rituals,"A chocolate, spicey sweet blockbuster! Beautifully crafted"
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,4 out of 5,A very good cigar from,"A very good cigar from the beginning and gets better at the end , holds a long ash burns slow with an easy draw, has a dark chocolate tast , one of my favorites"
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,5 out of 5,Dark Rituals Toro,"Deep, smooth, rich, & flavorful. If you're a fan of maduros, cop these. Notes of cocoa with moderate spice. A really good stick."
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"Went to an E.P. Carillo event , and have been very impressed with most of the products. Dark rituals is extremely good. Smooth, full of flavor, consistent, and burns well."
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,5 out of 5,real smooth and bold,real smooth and bold
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,5 out of 5,Great,Great
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,5 out of 5,"Fabulous cigar, one of my","Fabulous cigar, one of my favorites. Clean even burn, smooth draw and great
flavors. Whenever they are on a special, I order up. Unfortunately, they seldom go on special. Ernesto really did himself proud on this one."
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,5 out of 5,Nice,Great stick
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,4 out of 5,ep carillo dark rituals.,awesome cigar. a must try
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,5 out of 5,Ritual,"I give it a five. However, stronger than I like...quality is good and smokes great. Lots of pop/flavor."
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,4 out of 5,just right,"Great aroma, construction and draw. Enjoyable. I'm sure the size, robusto, has a lot to do with it."
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,5 out of 5,my new favorite,"Full flavored , amazing, smoke. I will be keeping a supply in the humidor."
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,5 out of 5,Cigars,Good cigars
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Surprisingly good flavor bought it on the whim
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,5 out of 5,A great smoke!,A great smoke!
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,3 out of 5,Decent,Decent
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,5 out of 5,Fantastic!,"Easy smoke. Not harsh, but still has bold flavor!"
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,4 out of 5,An underrated cigar,Been smoking these the past year. I like all of E.P. Carrillo cigars but the Dark Rituals is a sleeper. For those who like a deep tasting cigar with spicy overtones then you will enjoy this one. It is a smaller robusto and if you want a quick 1/2 hour to 45 minute smoke time then you will enjoy Dark Rituals by E.P. Carrillo.
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,4 out of 5,Nice smoke,Nice smoke
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,5 out of 5,All EP CARILLO cigars are,All EP CARILLO cigars are great. This one has a great draw starts off great and finishes fantastic. Often burn my fingers trying to make it last. The burn is excellent and never have to relight. These are always in my humidor and I don't like to share them lol. Take my word for it if you like a full flavored cigar with excellent taste and smell try these.
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,5 out of 5,Grown up delight!,"Dark, smoky chocolate flavors, perfect burn! Slow smoke! Not for for beginners or small children!
Great smoke, value priced!"
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,1 out of 5,Disappointing,Tightest cigar I've ever smoked. Poor glue job. Did not enjoy the flavours. Bitterness was overwhelming and it had to be put out during the 1st third. Would not recommend!
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,3 out of 5,Good for yard cigar,Only one flavor throughout. Good for cutting the yard if you can catch them on sale. Not what I expected from E.P. Carillo.
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,1 out of 5,Sorry-not worth it,A flavorless pepper bomb. I am a big fan of EP but this was just a failure.
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,3 out of 5,E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals Torpedo,E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals Torpedo is an everyday smoke. The flavor is underwhelming and boring. However the Cigar gets better half way through. Be patient and wait for the full quality and flavor
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,5 out of 5,My favorite smoke,My favorite smoke
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,5 out of 5,"Simply, one of the best!",One of the best smokes!
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,5 out of 5,Great cigars!,"it smokes with lot of Flaver of leather, coffee, chocolate,and earth tones."
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,5 out of 5,carrillo dark toro,first got these in the gentlemens sampler. just a great tasting cigar. and you can smoke it down to the nub if you so desire.
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,3 out of 5,"Earthy, good stick, but not for my creamy tastes","Medium earthy flavor, very little cream, nice burn, good construction. Just not my kind of cigar."
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,5 out of 5,EP Dark Ritual,"I like full flavor and strength. These puppies hit the mark. Burn even too. I have grabbed several sizes, all fit the description. Good purchase."
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,5 out of 5,A good smoke,I really enjoyed these cigars. For being sub 2nd mortgage price they were tasty and slow burning.
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,4 out of 5,A nice cigar if you like Maduro's,Excellent construction. Good draw and burn. A bit strong for my tastes though. Carillo's are certainly a quality smoke.
E.P. Carrillo Dark Rituals,5 out of 5,Excellent,Very well balanced. Smooth all the way through. Excellent smoke from all points of scoring.
E.P. Carrillo Dusk,5 out of 5,A first class offering from Ernesto!,"A work of art and craftsmanship. The construction of these gems is consistent and near perfect. On first lite we are greeted with cedar and a spicy sweetness.As the slow burn continues the flavor evolves with hints of earth,chocolate, coffee and raisins. The cigars were happy when I received them, they did not suffer any shock from shipping.They were great right out of the box! An excellent offering at a very fair price!"
E.P. Carrillo Dusk,5 out of 5,Good Value,This cigar begins with a spicy flavor and burns clean and flavorful all the way through. A good value that I'll be certain to buy over and over.
E.P. Carrillo Dusk,5 out of 5,EP Carrillo Dusk,"One of my favorites, nice draw, medium body with a great finish."
E.P. Carrillo Encore,4 out of 5,For another couple bucks I would get the Oliva V Melanio.,It is okay. For another couple bucks I would get the Oliva V Melanio.
E.P. Carrillo Encore,5 out of 5,Just right,Great smoke
E.P. Carrillo Encore,5 out of 5,Just go for it!,"I was pleasantly surprised at how much I enjoyed these cigars. Initially, I only purchased a box of ten. However, now that I’ve gone thru those, I’m regretting not purchasing the larger box."
E.P. Carrillo Encore,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,"Easy draw, even burn,, beautiful wrapper.... very flavorful especially the last half of the cigar."
E.P. Carrillo Encore,5 out of 5,The finest cigar in the world. No doubt.,"This truly is a number one cigar. It's my daily smoke. I ordered a box and just ordered two more. It's smooth and creamy to smoke. Leaves a perfect peppery tease on your tongue but not too much. It's because the notes of cocoa, leather and hint of orange citrus with just a hint of tea is mixed in. It makes for a smoke to remember and I like remembering every day! This is the one your wife will enjoy too because it makes a room smell like a rich man's library. You can just smell the affluence. If success had a smell, it would be the Encore. You'll be smoking this one till it burns your fingers. It's that good."
E.P. Carrillo Encore,5 out of 5,Great taste,"These are absolutely fantastic. They have the smoothness of Oliva Serie V with a bit of spice to them. Nothing overpowering, just a nice flavor of pepper spice. The draw is a bit light at the start but it comes in perfectly about the 1/4 point. I highly recommend you to try. It's just an enjoyable smoke."
E.P. Carrillo Encore,5 out of 5,I see why they're rated #1 for 2018!,"Great smoke. Very smooth with a nice, but not overpowering pepper spice. They burned very even and had a perfect draw. It's definitely one of the best sticks I've had in awhile. Highly recommend."
E.P. Carrillo Encore,5 out of 5,Buy it.,Buy it.
E.P. Carrillo INCH Colorado,4 out of 5,The Inch,"Good flavor all the way down. Enjoyed it. I will say I personally don’t believe it’s even close to full bodied, but does have nice mid range taste"
E.P. Carrillo INCH Maduro,4 out of 5,Great,"Great cigar, good size, burns great..nice ash..taste great, prefer 7x70 but not in the Inch brand, Asylum better"
E.P. Carrillo INCH Maduro,4 out of 5,"Another incredible cigar from E.P,","Another incredible cigar from E.P, a staple for anyone’s box"
E.P. Carrillo INCH Maduro,5 out of 5,great cigar,very tasty. burns well
E.P. Carrillo INCH Maduro,4 out of 5,Nice smoke,Nice smoke
E.P. Carrillo INCH Maduro,4 out of 5,Undecided,I was smoking about three of these a week when I was working near a store that sold them by a place I worked out of town. I couldn't find them anywhere near me at a store where I live. I ordered a five pack to smoke a couple and give a couple to a friend. For some reason I was disappointed about the draw on the two I smoked from CI .. I think it was just a fluke. The cigars are absolutely phenomenal paired with a pretty much any stout I drink. However since I been smoking the Gearbox by CAO ... everything else doesn't compare.lol. the Inch Maduro was my favorite until I smoked the Gearbox.
E.P. Carrillo INCH Maduro,4 out of 5,Burns evenly and fairly smooth.,Burns evenly and fairly smooth.
E.P. Carrillo INCH Maduro,5 out of 5,surprisingly great flavor. this is,surprisingly great flavor. this is going on my list for a long time to come !
E.P. Carrillo INCH Maduro,4 out of 5,Great cigar,"Nice draw, slow burn, a little too $$$."
E.P. Carrillo INCH Maduro,5 out of 5,Inch Maduro by E.P. Carillo,Beautifully constructed gem that has a cool draw with notes of cocoa. Medium strength . A great cigar.
E.P. Carrillo INCH Maduro,4 out of 5,Smoked fine,Haven’t had a bad one yet. Normally I stay away from the bigger gauge stick just a personal preference. If you like medium to full Maduro you should give these a try.
E.P. Carrillo INCH Maduro,5 out of 5,Very nice,Very nice
E.P. Carrillo INCH Maduro,4 out of 5,Flavorful Cigar.,Lots of smoky goodness. Second half half was a little hard to keep lit.
E.P. Carrillo INCH Maduro,4 out of 5,cigars,good
E.P. Carrillo INCH Maduro,5 out of 5,very Nice cigar,I was given a E.P. Carrillo #60 as a gift and had to purchase more. A great smooth smoke.
E.P. Carrillo INCH Maduro,3 out of 5,This is one of my,"This is one of my go-2 cigars. Always a good smoke, but these arrived dry. They are in my humidor now. I hope I can restore them? As most cigar smokers know this is difficult."
E.P. Carrillo INCH Maduro,4 out of 5,Inch Maduro by EP Carillo#62,"My all time favorite. I am all day everyday a fan of medium flavor cigars. My top 3 is CAO Brazilia, Ghurka Park Ave and Perdomo Anniversary. But I love Oliva Nubs and the INCH, both full bodied and smooth"
E.P. Carrillo INCH Maduro,5 out of 5,Inch and a mile,"The ""Inch"" is miles ahead of many, more expensive cigars. Got my first in a grab bag special and loved it. This big cigar is big on flavor and body. I strive to keep at least one box on hand, rested, in my humidors."
E.P. Carrillo INCH Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Excellent robust smoke. Smooth from start to finish. I enjoyed it on a beautiful football Sunday in Houston and it held me through 1 1/2 football games. Highly recommend it!
E.P. Carrillo INCH Maduro,4 out of 5,Huge & Delicious,"Once you get past the phallic nature of an inch wide stick, this is well worth trying. Creamy smoke, clean burn, no palate fatigue after 90 minutes!"
E.P. Carrillo INCH Maduro,5 out of 5,A Great Smoke!,"I love a big ring gage cigar. This cigar has a great taste, easy draw, and an even burn. The flavor remains constant from beginning to end. This cigar is well worth the extra money."
E.P. Carrillo INCH Natural,5 out of 5,Smooth Operator,Full of flavor and medium bodied. Nice draw everytime. One of my favorites!!!
E.P. Carrillo INCH Natural,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,E.P. Carrillo never disappoints!
E.P. Carrillo INCH Natural,4 out of 5,Master of the big gauge,Master of the big gauge
E.P. Carrillo INCH Natural,5 out of 5,INCH Natural #62 is a winner!,"What can I say, it is a real decent Puro at a reasonable price. You just can’t go wrong on the smooth draw and taste."
E.P. Carrillo INCH Natural,5 out of 5,Measured With Beauty And Flavor,"I am a huge fan of E.P. Carrillo, and big ring beauties. These are packed with flavor, the first one burned evenly and smooth and smelled great. I really enjoyed this cigar, I will order more. This cigar in a Maduro will be even better!"
E.P. Carrillo INCH Natural,5 out of 5,Great smoke,This cigar is rolled well with a great draw and even burn. Enjoy sitting on the patio with a glass of single malt scotch and this cigar!
E.P. Carrillo INCH Natural,5 out of 5,Massive Stick - Massive Smoke...,"Great draw, amazing aroma and taste! You won't be disappointed with this mega-smoke!"
E.P. Carrillo INCH Natural,5 out of 5,Great smoke,I got one of these a year ago for Father's Day. Make sure that they are always in my humidor.
E.P. Carrillo INCH Natural,5 out of 5,One of my favs,A larger ring sized cigar that smells and smokes terrifically. One of my favs
E.P. Carrillo INCH Natural,5 out of 5,great cigar! smooth and full of flavor,great cigar! smooth and full of flavor
E.P. Carrillo INCH Natural,5 out of 5,Awesome,Great cigar for the price. Awesome smoke!
E.P. Carrillo INCH Natural,4 out of 5,Great flavor,I've always liked most anything by Carillo. Second time I've bought these-taste great but the burn is often uneven and relights are required
E.P. Carrillo INCH Natural,5 out of 5,E.P.Carrillo #64,This is one of my favorite cigars. I love the blend of tobaccos. This is the right one for me.
E.P. Carrillo INCH Natural,5 out of 5,Consistent and flavorful... quickly became my favorite cigar.,"The most consistent and tasty cigars I purchase. The higher price tag on this line of cigars is matched by the superior quality. Smooth and flavorful from the start with a great finish. Construction is solid and consistent, and every batch I have tried (or been gifted... this is my favorite cigar) has been consistent."
E.P. Carrillo INCH Natural,5 out of 5,My Favorite Cigar,CI is really great on price and performance. I'm always happy with their service.
E.P. Carrillo INCH Natural,5 out of 5,Excellent!,Cigars were fresh and smoked great. Customer service was also great and prompt. Satisfied customer.
E.P. Carrillo INCH Natural,5 out of 5,"A good smoke, burns 2-3","A good smoke, burns 2-3 hours. Starts off fairly mild, finishes with a medium full flavor."
E.P. Carrillo INCH Natural,4 out of 5,Tasty 7x70,"For a larger ring size cigar, it is very tasty. My favorite."
E.P. Carrillo INCH Natural,2 out of 5,Poor quality control in the factory!,All 5 of my 5-Pack canoed on me. Poorly rolled by someone in the factory! Very disappointing quality.
E.P. Carrillo INCH Natural,3 out of 5,Ok,"Ok,uneven burn,gonna let them sit in the humi for awhile."
E.P. Carrillo INCH Natural,5 out of 5,Very Impressed,"Bought one because it just LOOKED good. This is an EXCELLENT smoke!!!! Very smooth draw, thick creamy smoke, nice ash. Very consistent in taste...1hr 40 min smoke...you will smoke it to the nub! Gotta get more."
E.P. Carrillo INCH Natural,5 out of 5,Pleased with purchase,Shipment arrived at a reasonable time and products were properly cared for during shipping. No dried out cigars.
E.P. Carrillo INCH Natural,4 out of 5,INCH,"Good smoke, good flavor."
E.P. Carrillo INCH Natural,5 out of 5,Love the Carrillo #70s,"Sometimes you just want to fill your mouth with smoke, and they're just the ticket."
E.P. Carrillo INCH Natural,5 out of 5,Exceptional!,"Love this cigar! My favorite so far, aside from the Ashton VSG. This cigar has a perfect, even burn every time. Excellent roll quality. Consistent. Smooth. An exceptional medium to medium-full cigar. All for a very reasonable price! Would smoke it any day any time."
E.P. Carrillo INCH Natural,4 out of 5,cigar review,Nice cigar only goes out if u take a little break.
E.P. Carrillo INCH Natural,5 out of 5,Never disappointed...,Always on time and great service!
E.P. Carrillo New Wave Reserva,5 out of 5,Great smoke,E.P Carrillo never disappoints
E.P. Carrillo New Wave Reserva,4 out of 5,Carrillo,Great product for the price! Totally enjoyed the way the Reserva smoked.
E.P. Carrillo New Wave Reserva,3 out of 5,A nice smoke.,A nice smoke.
E.P. Carrillo New Wave Reserva,5 out of 5,Great Cigar!,Excellent smoke very smooth and will buy again!
E.P. Carrillo New Wave Reserva,5 out of 5,Good cigars,I like the smooth smoke with the EP Carrillo New Wave Reserva Toros.
E.P. Carrillo New Wave Reserva,1 out of 5,New wave reserva does not live up to 92 CA rating,"Was excited to order this cigar after the great review in CIgar Aficionado. So disappointed smoking it. It turned soft quickly and burned hot. The cigar had none of the flavors mentioned in the CA write up and tasted like a cheap 23 cent machine made cigar. Sometimes companies cannot recreate a good cigar after the first batch and this is a good example of that, but disappointing from EP Carrillo."
E.P. Carrillo New Wave Reserva,4 out of 5,6X60,"Great smoke, would purchase again!"
E.P. Carrillo New Wave Reserva,5 out of 5,New Favorite,"Very smooth, but flavorful"
E.P. Carrillo New Wave Reserva,5 out of 5,Very Good,Will be added to my rotation for sure. Very happy!
E.P. Carrillo New Wave Reserva,5 out of 5,Tasty!,Truly enjoyed this cigar. Unique (and tasty) flavor and middle of the road strength-wise. Was recommended to me originally by a local B&M owner. He was spot on. A comfortable step up from a mild cigar too.
E.P. Carrillo New Wave Reserva,5 out of 5,Great buy for the price.,"I enjoy a few cigars per week, and i can always count on C.I. To deliver fresh cigars at a great price. C.I. Stocks a variety of my favorite brands with great shipping options that show up when they are supposed to."
E.P. Carrillo Rebel Maverick,5 out of 5,Good Smoke!,Recently purchased a box of Carillo Rebel Mavericks. Real nice smoke for the price. Slightly nutty taste.
E.P. Carrillo Seleccion Oscuro,4 out of 5,Great smoke,E.P. Carrillo never disappoints!
E.P. Carrillo Seleccion Oscuro,5 out of 5,Great Smoke!,Very smooth smoke from start to finish!
E.P. Carrillo Seleccion Oscuro,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,"I am a big fan of Oscuro wrappers. This cigar is tasty through and through. It has the fullness I like along with a smooth complex bouquet of nuttiness, slight natural sweetness and a hint of cedar."
E.P. Carrillo Seleccion Oscuro,5 out of 5,Worth every penny,"Too good to be my daily smoke ... more a special occasion cigar ... like Monday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, and Sunday."
E.P. Carrillo Seleccion Oscuro,4 out of 5,Carrillo never disappoints,Carrillo never disappoints
E.P. Carrillo Seleccion Oscuro,5 out of 5,Love the variety and the,Love the variety and the over all quality of the product!
E.P. Carrillo Seleccion Oscuro,5 out of 5,Outstanding Cigar,Outstanding cigar!
E.P. Carrillo Seleccion Oscuro,5 out of 5,Easy to love smoke,"Complex flavor bomb, very good."
E.P. Carrillo Seleccion Oscuro,5 out of 5,i love this cigar,"delicious oscuro wrapper, incredible build and smooth finish, smokes to a nub perfectly every time."
Eiroa by Christian Eiroa,5 out of 5,Wonderful smoke,Medium but with some spice this flavorful cigar is very well constructed with an even burn. I very much love to smoke these.
Eiroa by Christian Eiroa,5 out of 5,Sleeper Stick. Go for it!!!!!,"Enjoyed good amount of smoke using a stick match at light off. I liked the consistent easy draw. The taste was light at first light off followed by medium / full flavor after 3 or 4 draws. Ash was clean throughout and each and every draw caught my attention to its quality and held up well. Ashed on purpose three times but felt it would have hung on if I chose to. I can tell the craftsmanship, experience and most importantly the taste was inline for price point and for sure an enjoyable stick."
Eiroa by Christian Eiroa,5 out of 5,Eiroa Cigars,Awesome smoke. Found these in a cigar shop in Des Moines Iowa and loved them. I then found them with you. Thanks for carrying these cigars
Eiroa by Christian Eiroa,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar! Kinda peppery,Excellent cigar! Kinda peppery
Eiroa by Christian Eiroa,5 out of 5,A great smoke!!,"Rich, robust and flavorful!"
Eiroa by Christian Eiroa,5 out of 5,New Favorite Cigar,"If I’m smoking something I want to know I’m smoking something. I either like a cigar or don’t like a cigar...I’m not one to say, “it’s toothy with hints of cocoa and leather with a peppery toasted nut finish.” With that said, this cigar is medium to full from a strength standpoint but the DEPTH of flavor is incredible.
I found this cigar at my local cigar shop and then bought a box on CI. They came fresh and perfect. The cigar I smoked yeateray held it’s ash in tact from start to finish. Wish I could post picture...it was a beautiful site.
To give you an idea of my preferred flavor pallet, other cigars I like are: The original Camacho Corojo, Rockey Patel Edge and Decade, Aging Room, EP Carrillo and Padron Damaso."
Eiroa by Christian Eiroa,5 out of 5,Eiroa,Great cigar... smooth
Eiroa by Christian Eiroa,4 out of 5,Quality Cigar,"Tight draw, but what a delicious stick! You will not be disappointed, trust me."
Eiroa by Christian Eiroa,5 out of 5,It makes me happy,Christian Eiroa makes an excellent cigar...Each stick is well constructed and good to the end
Eiroa by Christian Eiroa,5 out of 5,Eiroa Cigar,Great cigar
Eiroa by Christian Eiroa,5 out of 5,Simply the Best,This is the best cigar made not from Cuba. I will be ordering several more of these
Eiroa by Christian Eiroa,5 out of 5,Recent Order,Love these premium cigars. I'm sure they will become a staple!
Eiroa by Christian Eiroa,5 out of 5,Get Some,"Just smoked one of these at the B&M. This cigar should really have a 95+ rating. It is supremely good. Mine had no spice (to me) but really complex creamy flavors. Draw was pretty tight but flavors were fantastic. Would order a box however, these smokes are out of my price range (for box purchases.)"
Eiroa by Christian Eiroa,5 out of 5,Top secret,"Great sweet,smooth smoke."
Eiroa by Christian Eiroa,5 out of 5,One of the best Cigars I have ever smoked.,Classic smoke. Consistently top-notch!
Eiroa CBT Maduro,4 out of 5,Give it a whack!,Absolute gem of a cigar. I have absolutely no complaints if you like a maduro with some kick in nicotine. The only reason I give this a 4 star is the price point but it's absolutely worth it for your special smoke collection. Along with mostly anything this guy does.
Eiroa CBT Maduro,5 out of 5,Boss Smoke - Serious Applicants Only!,"Smooth, full bodied, billows like steam engine and kicks like a mule. Have some time to chill and meditate when you light this Big Daddy. Recommended as an after dinner smoke. Too much for an AM light up.
Cocoa, leathery with a touch of spice and licorice. Eat a good piece of dark chocolate or maybe some cocoa liqueur and it will enhance the cigar's main flavors on your palate.
I like a strong cigar with a nice nic (nicotine) kick. The puppy is one of the best. Reminiscent of what the Camacho Triple Maduro used to before the corporate mixologists took over the brand."
Eiroa CBT Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Eiroa CBT Maduro,5 out of 5,SAVORY MADURO,"Substantial build, excellent draw! If you're a maduro lover prepare to fall head over heals. Have had many great sticks in my time and this masterpiece is among the best. If you're on the fence with this one, the grass is most definately greener! I guarantee it will not disappoint. The flavor is best described as deep and complex, leather, dark chocolate, cedar, & earth with a satisfying peppery linger on the palate."
Eiroa CBT Maduro,5 out of 5,Great great cigar,"One of the best cigars I’ve discovered in the last several years great smoke, full flavor and taste."
Eiroa CBT Maduro,5 out of 5,You won't regret trying it,My go to cigar. A very well made & smooth stogie. Not sure why Eiroa isn't more of a top seller?
Eiroa CBT Maduro,5 out of 5,Very smooooth,"Top of the line cigar with top of the line taste. My friend and I meet every week and have generally 2 cigars. One is always something new to try out, but we always finish our evening with an Eiroa Maduro. And if its only going to be one that night, well then the new cigar loses."
Eiroa CBT Maduro,5 out of 5,A must try,"Just smoked one of these...great, even burn -- got a good 3 inches of ash before it broke off. Awesome flavor, spice...This is one I will definitely smoke again."
Eiroa CBT Maduro,5 out of 5,Eiroa!,Next one up Eiroa 20 Years!
Eiroa CBT Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"If you like bold flavor the Eiroa is one fine cigar. Earthy with spice hints and good consistency. Similar to my "" go to"" cigar La Gloria Cubana, series R."
Eiroa CBT Maduro,5 out of 5,"Great smoke, full flavor",Christian Eiroa is my idol. The cbt maduro is just awesome.
Eiroa CBT Maduro,5 out of 5,fast shipping,I love the fact that I live close to CI if I want to go up there and purchase in person. However you ship so quick that I don't need to. The cigars always come in fresh and packed carefully. Thank you!
Eiroa CBT Maduro,5 out of 5,Incredible smoke.,Simply the best small cigar on the market.
Eiroa CBT Maduro,5 out of 5,Incredible smoke.,Simply the best small cigar on the market.
Eiroa CBT Maduro,5 out of 5,The best cigar for size,The best cigar for size you can buy.
Eiroa CBT Maduro,5 out of 5,Love this cigar,"great flavor, awesome smoke"
Eiroa the First 20 Years,5 out of 5,A keeper for sure,Superb! An excellent smoke!
Eiroa the First 20 Years,5 out of 5,Fantastic,Great smoke requires some aging thou
Eiroa the First 20 Years,5 out of 5,"Bold, smooth smoke.","Great smoke from start to finish. Great flavor, not too strong, pairs nicely with a single malt scotch."
Eiroa the First 20 Years,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,Excellent smoke
Eiroa the First 20 Years,5 out of 5,Eiroa,Nice flavor
Eiroa the First 20 Years,5 out of 5,Stephen,Great Cigar! In my top 5
Eiroa the First 20 Years,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Keep it in stock
Eiroa the First 20 Years,5 out of 5,Awesome Cigars,I like the variety in this pack its anywhere from light take a break cigars to the deeper darker cigars over a evening drink.
Eiroa: The First 20 Years Colorado,5 out of 5,A solid smoke that requires,A solid smoke that requires a modest time commitment
Eiroa: The First 20 Years Colorado,5 out of 5,Excellence,"Love this cigar ! Love the burn ,the taste!"
Eiroa: The First 20 Years Colorado,5 out of 5,"Shhhhh, Don't tell anyone about these, just order some for yourself","Shhhhhhhhhh, don't tell anybody that these are amazing cigars!!! Perfect construction, burn and Medium Plus body with at best Medium strength. Just order any size for yourself and don't tell anyone else!!!"
El Baton,5 out of 5,Aroma 4 'Yo mama!,"Good smoke! Let it sit in your humidor for a few days right off the truck. Great booming spice. The spice is sweeter. Plumes of smoke pour off the foot. Me likey! Rich, muy Rico!"
El Baton,5 out of 5,El baton,"Beautiful smooth from beginning to end ,,excellent stick I highly recommend this cigar"
El Baton,5 out of 5,Highly recommend,Shipped fast great cigar
El Baton,5 out of 5,Wonderful cigar for your smoking pleasure.,"This a wonderful cigar and kinda hard to find other than here at CI.For my tastes and liking this is not a bold or powerfull cigar. Very very nice cigar,,all the flavors listed are there and it doesnt get stronger as it gets shorter.The aroma is great and I noticed it has a slight gram cracker taste.This is 1 cigar I would LOVE to fill my humidor with!!.I guess Im a lil greedy because I pass these out to very few friends and my son when he comes home every few months from school.This cigar is worth every $$."
El Baton,5 out of 5,El Baton,"This is a really nice smoke. Sweet on the pull and has a spicy, robust grand finale. Will always have a few of these in the humidor."
El Baton,5 out of 5,1968 Tigers,"Been grabbing these on cigarbid. Med-full, nice earthy tone with just enough spice. Definitely hi quality tobacco. Can't get enough of them. I hate cats"
El Baton,5 out of 5,My favorite cigar,"My favorite cigar!! I cut small pieces off and dip and chew the pieces. Love the flavor!!
Chad"
El Baton,5 out of 5,unknown gem,"I love this smoke. great draw and even burn. the best all around everyday smoke. try it and you wont be disappointed. I have smoked worse for more money. I find it better than a brickhouse, but not as good the Julius Caesar."
El Baton,4 out of 5,Always enjoyable El Batons,"My go to sunrise and coffee cigar. Great way to start the day with a medium, nutty flavor. Also works well for end of day cool down smoke."
El Baton,5 out of 5,El Baton,For the price great cigar. Will be ordering more in the future to keep in my rotation.
El Baton,5 out of 5,The Best Nico Puro I have smoked.,Medium full strength with just enough spice to make it interesting. Full flavor and smokable to the nub.
El Baton,1 out of 5,Just a bad taste!,"I don’t know how people like this cigar. It is a horrible tasting stick to me. I’m surprised that it’s a Nicaragua, because most cigars I tasted from there was good."
El Baton,4 out of 5,El Baton,"Good evening stick! I enjoyed this with a fine fermented beverage on my back porch, along with some internet surfing. Recommended."
El Baton,5 out of 5,jc newman,"great smoke, thanks"
El Baton,5 out of 5,El Baton Double Toro,Great cigar. Ordering more as you read this.
El Baton,5 out of 5,Hard To Find Cigars,I'm a big fan of the Baton. It is one of those cigars that fiy in under the radar. At the moment CI is one of the few places where I can find this excellent cigar. I am a first time on line buyer and was happy with the speed of delivery and the condition of the cigars. Excellent. Kudos to CI.
El Baton,5 out of 5,Wonderful smoke!,"This stick is great. It starts out peppery for the first half inch then settles down nicely. It then develops into a rich creamy smoke with notes of dried fruit , nuts and toast. Very enjoyable."
El Baton,5 out of 5,President,"Excellent prices, good follow-through. Cigars International is great to deal with!"
El Baton,5 out of 5,Rich Full Sweetness,This is one of the finest and enjoyable smokes in my rotation. With a dark rich flavor that melds a perfect strain of sweetness this full taste cigar is easy for everyday enjoyment. You get a full smooth flavor that ignites your palate with the true enjoyment of fine tobacco leaves. Grown to perfection and aged properly the roller must have been in heaven handling this fine cigar.
El Baton,5 out of 5,Great Deal,Great Deal and promot delivery
El Baton,5 out of 5,Keep these coming,"This one is everything you're looking for. Gobs of creamy smoke. Hits the CI description on the head. Strong, white ash. Perfect burn and draw. These flavors astound. Made my top 5..."
El Baton,4 out of 5,Uneven burn,"I picked up a double toro at my local shop and let it rest in my humi for a few months. I keep it at a solid 65%. This was the first cigar in quite some time that I had to take my lighter to while smoking. I had to touch it up four or five times. Other than that inconvenience, it was a good cigar. Tasted great with lots of smoke. I will definitely try another one and hope for a better burn next time."
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,5 out of 5,my go to cigar,I've been enjoying EL C for years.A smooth medium smoke with a great burn
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,5 out of 5,El Centurion - An amazing cigar,"Its a My Fathers made cigar- That alone should be enough for you to want to buy it. Great cigar, well constructed, great draw. This is one that I will buy over and over again"
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,5 out of 5,One of my favor,If you're unsure of what to buy grab a box of centurians and you'll be hooked
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,5 out of 5,FINE SMOKE,ENJOYED THIS CIGAR WHILE SITTING OUT ON THE DECK.
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,4 out of 5,A gem from one of the best,"For one of the lower price points, it delivers the same leval of performance and flavor as any member of the line! A must try."
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,5 out of 5,Pretty good smoke,"I have smoked (2) of them so far and looking forward to the rest. Even burn, good flavor and quite enjoyable."
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,5 out of 5,Consistent quality,"I really enjoy this cigar. It has never let me down flavor and structure wise. I find subtle changes in flavors throughout the experience. I particularly enjoy the last 20 minutes of the smoke. I wish, My Fathers would make this cigar a little shorter for me. I need a cigar that takes less time to smoke in the winter months because staying outside for over an hour can be freezingly tough."
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,5 out of 5,Good,A big surprise. Burned and tasted very well. Don't know about the aroma. I didn't share.
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,4 out of 5,Subtle and elegant. Not a,Subtle and elegant. Not a pepper bomb. A fave Thank you C.I. for a great deal on these babies.
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,3 out of 5,Ok but not up to Peoin Garcia Standards,"Not worth the money, just not near as good as other Garcia blends."
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,4 out of 5,Nice,Nice smooth smoke all the way to the end.
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,4 out of 5,Excellent Cigars,Fantastic cigars
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,5 out of 5,love it,"i like the regular version more than the 2k wrapper. reminds me of a my father #3, in other words...very tasty medium bodied with good draw and burn. a premium stick at middle class price."
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,5 out of 5,Very good cigar would highly,Very good cigar would highly recommend it
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,5 out of 5,El Centurion,"This was a very pleasant surprise. A great smoke, peppery at first with a very nice finish. I would look for this cigar and purchase again, and again."
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,5 out of 5,Excellent choice. Sour wrapper that,Excellent choice. Sour wrapper that becomes smoother as filler burns.
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,4 out of 5,Spicy,Pretty good cigars but the cost are high when not on sale or in a bundle deal.
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,5 out of 5,Really good,Sticks arrived in great shape. Great cigar. Recommend!
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,4 out of 5,Mr cigar,Great cigar it was enjoyable
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,5 out of 5,Kevin P,Excellent need I say more
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,5 out of 5,Taste,Loved the taste and the burning of the cigar... I would highly recommended
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,5 out of 5,Really good cigar,This cigar reminded me of real Cohiba brought to me from Cuba.
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,5 out of 5,Awesome,Love My Father cigars and these don’t disappoint. Not too spicy or strong. Very nice beginning to end!
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,5 out of 5,Don Peppin,I really enjoy this beauty! A blend mildness with a hint of medium tasting delight!
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,5 out of 5,great cigar,great cigar
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,5 out of 5,Spicy sweet,"Great flavor, razor sharp burn, and firm ash."
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,like all My Father cigars
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,5 out of 5,My Father is Great,"very good cigar. Smooth, tasty and nice white ash."
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,5 out of 5,More then a cigar,"Yes it's more then a cigar. It all starts with the look, the length, the ring, and the label. That is if we are honest! Once lite those 3 qualities don't disappear but remain a constant reminder while your sense of aroma and taste takeover the experience. This is an experience you don't want to rush. It's one to enjoy for 90 minutes or more, being enhanced with a good cigar buddy. The earthy freshness last from first flame to the final inch. The notes of sweet bourbon and spice begins with first draw. This bold looking stick grows in flavor as it's size demishes and becomes your new best in humidor smoke. Drawing the El Centurion down to the last inch will delight you and have you ordering more. To give up before that time you will miss the bold and most flavorful part of this exquisite cigar!"
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,5 out of 5,Don pepin,My husband enjoys these cigars
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,5 out of 5,Yes that was last night,Yes that was last night and unless an angel put them in my humidor my opinion won’t be fourth coming for several days.🤐🤐
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,4 out of 5,"Don't think twice, try it!","I've been a long time fan of the Don Peppin line, my favorite being the Le Bijou 1922, and of course the venerable Blue label. I have been sampling others at a lower price range looking for ones that would fit the bill when I wasn't feeling quite as rich. The Centurion definitely hit the mark for me. Great construction, razor sharp burn to the end and chalky white ash. Spice on light off with a nutty bite reminiscent of a Nub Habano. Perfectly Mid to full body and lots of smoke. It settled down after the first inch and was consistent in flavor, almost letting me down until surprisingly well before the usual sweet spot it blasted me with spice for another inch or so then back to the previous creamy and peppery beginning. It finished off at the usual sweet spot with another hit of spice and pepper all the way to the end where it became a little charcoal to the nub. All in all a fantastic smoke and well worth the money."
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,5 out of 5,One of my favorite,A very good smoke can recommend to everyone
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,4 out of 5,Rich and potent smoke,Very rich smoke. Probably not for everyone and probably not the first cigar you would want to smoke if you are planning on having more than one cigar. I thought the cigar smelled a bit like Copenhagen. Smoke was oily and dense. Construction and burn were top notch. I have smoked two of these bought at different times and from different places but the experience was nearly identical.
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,5 out of 5,Derek H. Peoria Illinois,"Strong spicy cigar ,well worth the money."
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,4 out of 5,Celebrate Good Times (with Don Pepin)!,"Received a Don Pepin Garcia El Centurion Robusto at this year's Big Smoke Las Vegas. It's been in my humidor since then, but me and a buddy both got big job offers, and we needed something to celebrate. Chose the El Centurion to go along with a nice Glenfiddich 12yo single malt. Smoked mid-day, Pacific Northwest, driving rain, but a steady temp of 61 on the smoking porch next to the fire pit. I've always been a fan of Don Pepin/My Father products...this El Centurion was no exception. A smooth draw, with lots of creamy smoke, hints of cayenne pepper, coffee, and leather. Stored at 63%, this smoke required one light beginning to end, and was absolutely perfect in construction. I'll be ordering more of these, and CI will be my source...if you need a great smoke at a great price to celebrate special occasions (or share with friends), you can't go wrong with the El Centurion."
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,4 out of 5,Celebrate Good Times (with Don Pepin)!,"Received a Don Pepin Garcia El Centurion Robusto at this year's Big Smoke Las Vegas. It's been in my humidor since then, but me and a buddy both got big job offers, and we needed something to celebrate. Chose the El Centurion to go along with a nice Glenfiddich 12yo single malt. Smoked mid-day, Pacific Northwest, driving rain, but a steady temp of 61 on the smoking porch next to the fire pit. I've always been a fan of Don Pepin/My Father products...this El Centurion was no exception. A smooth draw, with lots of creamy smoke, hints of cayenne pepper, coffee, and leather. Stored at 63%, this smoke required one light beginning to end, and was absolutely perfect in construction. I'll be ordering more of these, and CI will be my source...if you need a great smoke at a great price to celebrate special occasions (or share with friends), you can't go wrong with the El Centurion."
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,5 out of 5,Don Pepin El Centurion,Outstanding Stick!!!!! A nice draw full of flavor with an outstanding finish.
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Don pepin never disappoints !!! Highly recommended if you like Centurion
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,5 out of 5,Another amazing Pepin,"He has to be my favorite blender of all time. Every one is a good cigar for the value, but some are exceptional among the best out there. This one in an incredible size, although I might prefer a non box pressed corona. Not as full bodied as his others but it has a pleasant nutty character with his style of flavor."
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,5 out of 5,Smooth and amazing,"El Centurion is a reliable a great tasting smoke. Smooth taste, nice complex flavor. Every stick burns even with a nice white ash and rarely needs to be touched up. My absolute favorite smoke."
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,5 out of 5,Perfect for smoking on a perfect night!,"I smoked this bad boy on the first night of fall on my neighbor's driveway, while sitting on a couch he was disposing of the following day. It was perfect. I have been a fan of what the Garcias produce for a few years, and this is easily one of my favorite for a medium-bodied, smoky treat! The wrapper has a delightful sheen to it and looks flawless (like most of their cigars). The stick itself is firm, but draws like a dream. And the flavor on this is heavy on leather (which I love) with a little bit of sweet and a little bit of spice thrown in. I will be ordering more from CI!"
El Centurion by My Father Cigars,5 out of 5,Wedding favorite!,As father of the bride I was assigned three very important tasks. Pick music for the DJ to play for some of us older folks. Give away my daughter's hand in marriage and select some cigars for celebrating. Selecting the cigars was probably my easiest task on my list especially using Cigar International's website. I was able to find mild smokes that would appeal to a wide variety of guests at the wedding. The Don Pepin Garcia El Centurion Robusto were big hits. I appreciate the quick service provided by CI. I was able to wait until the last possible week to order the cigars at great price and know that CI would deliver on time. You guys are great and I will continue to order my stogies through Cigar International. Thanks.
El Credito,4 out of 5,Small and satisfying,"Good burn and draw, decent flavor. Exactly what I wanted!"
El Credito,5 out of 5,A great Madora,I liked it very much.
El Credito,4 out of 5,Nice little cigar for quick,Nice little cigar for quick break
El Credito,5 out of 5,Perfect PURITO,Title says it all.
El Credito,4 out of 5,Pleasant little smoke,Nice mild bodies quickie with a woody aroma
El Credito,4 out of 5,good little cigar,good little cigar
El Credito,3 out of 5,El credito maduro cigarello,I like so credito uglies but these weren't nearly as good. Wouldn't buy again.
El Duque Cognac,5 out of 5,"Nice Cigar, well matched with a sweet dark beer.","I have always enjoyed buying from CI, this purchase just goes to show how amazing CI is and the quality of their cigars! R/"
El Duque Cognac,5 out of 5,I love them,I love them
El Duque Cognac,5 out of 5,El Duque Cigars,"I have enjoyed these cigars for many years, however, several orders have arrived severely damaged. They were very poorly packed in the shipping box with little to no protection or padding. In discussion with your staff about this I was pleased to find the past two orders very well packaged and I was given a coupon for a discount on the last order. These cigars are an excellent value, though have been too dry upon arrival despite being tubos. Otherwise, a very nice smoke. Dan"
El Duque Cognac,5 out of 5,Very smooth,Very smooth
El Duque Cognac,5 out of 5,Love them,My husband loves these cigars
El Duque Cognac,4 out of 5,Smooth smoke,Easy going cigar with light touch of cognac and lots of smoke
El Duque Cognac,4 out of 5,Nice cigar medium bodied. have,"Nice cigar medium bodied. have had a couple that were hard to draw, very tightly rolled."
El Duque Cognac,2 out of 5,Flavor,Not really a infused cigar. Very weak in aroma and taste.
El Duque Cognac,1 out of 5,"4 broken,glass everywhere &dry cigars",there was broken glass when it was delivered. had to wash every tube and the cigars were so dry that they cracked
El Duque Cognac,5 out of 5,El Duque contact cigars.,The only bad thing about these cigars is they go on backorder and take a while to come in.
El Duque Cognac,5 out of 5,They are great,They are great
El Duque Cognac,5 out of 5,El Duque Cognac,a good working cigar. I like them when I mow several acres or am machine splitting firewood.
El Duque Cognac,3 out of 5,Cognac infused cigars,Good tabacoo flavor but week on cognac taste.
El Duque Cognac,3 out of 5,"Not bad but, lots of broken glass","For the price, the cigars really are not bad. Probably would have given four stars, but had to throw a couple of cigars away because of all the broken glass from the two shattered tubos. Did not want to take a chance of putting glass shards in my mouth."
El Duque Cognac,4 out of 5,point score of 4,"This is how I personally grade a cigar. 0-2 points for the following: Appearance, Flavor, Burn, Smoke and Price. Then divide by 2. Appearance: 2. it is in a glass ""tubo"" which has all the characteristics of glass therefore you can clearly see the cigar and display it, but then again it is glass and breaks so don’t place it in your back pocket. Good construction.Flavor:1.Mild cigar, even though it has a hint of Cognac at times it can be a bit harsh. Burn: 1. Easy draw, but at times burns hot and you need to relight it if unattended. Smoke:2. Lots of smoke with nice aromatic scent which I enjoy and one of the reasons why I smoke cigars. Price: 2. I like a good bargain but I believe in “you get what you pay for” and the higher the price, the higher the expectations. So 2+1+1+2+2 divided by 2. So with that said a total point score of 4. So not bad deal, not bad at all."
El Duque Cognac,3 out of 5,Decent,Lacks flavor. Feels like smoking a super mild short filler cigar dipped in sweet liquor
El Duque Cognac,2 out of 5,El Duque Cognac Double Corona Tubos,Was not very satisfied with these cigars. The overpowering flavors and lack of aromas were not what I was looking for in the cognac cigar. Will not be buying these again.
El Duque Cognac,3 out of 5,Smooth and tasty.,"Nice draw and aroma, burns evenly and has a delightful taste. The only drawback I could find is that every time I have placed an order some of the glass vials come broken therefore damaging the cigar. careful packing should be obseved, I mean, how are wine bottles packed into their case? They are packed by not allowing glass against glass but these cigars are not packed like they should be. There is a competitor cigar company that has a similar product and the cigars come packed in a plastic tube. I would say that these glass vials should be packed not touching each other."
El Duque Cognac,4 out of 5,Great smoke,Good smoke flavor is great cheap price
El Duque Cognac,5 out of 5,A great cigar at a fine price,"I have enjoyed these inexpensive cigars for years, they help make the Summer more enjoyable in particular after mowing the lawn."
El Duque Cognac,3 out of 5,Not satisfied,"I have ordered this cigar many times in the past and it has been FANTASTIC however this batch disappointed me. They were dry flavorless and the wrapper unraveled during smoking.
I hope it was just this batch"
El Duque Cognac,5 out of 5,Enjoyable,It a very good every day stick at a reasonable price
El Duque Cognac,5 out of 5,One of my affordable favorites,One of my affordable favorites
El Duque Cognac,2 out of 5,could not tell they were,"could not tell they were cognac ,a few were brittle"
El Duque Cognac,5 out of 5,El Duque Cognac Double corona tubos,A very mello mild every day smoke I just wish the cognac part was a little more.Also a very good price.
El Duque Cognac,1 out of 5,El Duque Cognac,This cigar has a very hard draw and won't stay lit also the flavor is a little harsh and not worth the price i would not buy these cigars again or would i recommend them
El Duque Cognac,4 out of 5,Out of Stock quite often when I order,Great everyday for the casual smoker.
El Duque Cognac,4 out of 5,A MILD SMOKE AND GREAT TASTE,This is a good cigar and the price is great. A mild smoke along with the cognac. Can't go wrong.
El Duque Cognac,2 out of 5,Stale mate,some of the cigars were stale and some were good.i don't know if I would order them again
El Duque Cognac,5 out of 5,Tastes and aroma what more could you ask for,Several of my friend have tried Duque and agree with my assessment. It's a damn good smoke. No harsh bite or after taste. Several lady friends have commented on the aroma of how good it smells. Try em it's worth it.
El Duque Cognac,4 out of 5,Cognac infused.,"Cognac infused. smooth fast burning cigar. Generally, I smoke Gurkha Grand Reserve but with the recent tighting of the belt my wife introduced me to El Duque and I am satisfied."
El Duque Cognac,5 out of 5,Great cigar,This is a mild smoke with a hint of cognac coming through. For the price you can't find a better cigar.
El Duque Cognac,5 out of 5,El Duque Cognac Double Corona,El Duque Cognac Double Corona Tubos --Great!
El Duque Cognac,5 out of 5,Duque Cognac,A good smoke for the price. Love the cognac taste and aroma. A real keeper. Long lasting smoke too.
El Duque Cognac,5 out of 5,El Duque Cognac Double Corona Tubos,"I am a casual smoker and I have been purchasing these cigars for about 2 or 3 years now. Good tasting cigars for the everyday end of the day relaxing. Dealing with Cigars International is always a pleasure because my order is processed and shipped, arriving as promised. Thanks"
El Duque Cognac,5 out of 5,CSR FL,"I like this cigar over many higher priced cigars. Good construction, nice burn , mild and pleasant . I will order these cigars again."
El Gueguense,5 out of 5,The Cigar Surprise,"Amazing cigar, start off like a regular cigar but then as the ash grows so does the beautifulness of this cigar, absolute fav of mine, box-worthy. And the label art is brilliances"
El Gueguense,5 out of 5,The Wiseman knows all.,Wow!!! Best smoke of the year so far. Great construction and burn. Wonderful flavors throughout the whole smoke. Great job on this one Nicko!! Making room in the humi for a box!
El Gueguense,2 out of 5,Irregular burn. Some bitterness as you smoke thru it,"I wanted to order the Wise Man with the red band, but they were out of stock. So I thought these might be just as good. They were a big disappointment. I had trouble keeping it lit. It didn’t burn evenly. The taste started out good but got progressively worse."
El Gueguense,5 out of 5,The Wiseman,What a great cigar absolutely love it. Thanks for the quick delivery and fresh smokes
El Gueguense,4 out of 5,Overall solid smokd,"Good overall cigar, my favorite cigars come from the Nicaragua region espcially Esteli so I may be buyers. Had it in the humidor for a about 6 weeks. Not sure how long it sat in my brick and mortar.
To me this cigar was lacking in the complexity that others experienced. It did have a strong Red pepper kick off the bat and some leather and earth tones other spices I can’t quite explain. It was pretty consistent win the leather earth and cocoa exchanging the main flavor throughout the smoke. Probably full flavor medium in strength but I smoke 2-3 cigars daily.
Had to do a few minor touch ups, this could have been because the cigar was slightly overpacked and had a snug draw compared to what I prefer. Decent smoke output.
Overall I would smoke this every so often.
My daily smoke is usually a “Guardian of the Farm” from Warped which I always seem to enjoy in any size and they always tend to have a great construction for the price point."
El Gueguense,5 out of 5,HAVEN ON EARTH,This cigar is a little piece of heaven Great Smoke smooth from the. start wood and nutty flavor and stays the same all the way threw very good cigar well worth the price it's ad good if not better then the famous liga private give it a shot
El Gueguense,5 out of 5,The wise man,Excellent full body Nicaraguan puro.. CI got these sticks to me quickly and in great condition.. A must try!!
El Gueguense,5 out of 5,curtain call,"Like the stage, it's a legitimate cigar. Solid construction. Excellent draw. Burns great. Loads of flavor. Very satisfying smoke."
El Gueguense,5 out of 5,Mr. Stogie,"Awesome full body smoke, defintely buying more!"
El Gueguense,4 out of 5,Good Smoke,"Very enjoyable smoke, nice flavor. Cigar required frequent touch ups though."
El Gueguense,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,The flavors coming are amazing right up my alley!
El Gueguense,5 out of 5,Love it. Great Full body,Love it. Great Full body cigar.
El Gueguense,5 out of 5,Wiseman,Delicious smoke from start to finish
El Gueguense,4 out of 5,you never know!!!,"I always lean toward the ""big name"" brands, until I visited a really good, experienced smoke shop. And when my regular Brand (DE) had very limited shelf space, the fine gent working there brought me to El Gueguense. Being from Estelli I though, OK......what a great smoke, similar to what my old brand used to be, before they sold out & over expanded, like a restaurant w/ a 32 page menu. Back to this stick, a strong medium, after the initial 10-15 min.....this settled into a nice smooth, creamy, easy draw smoke.....give this a try, its my new FAV !!!"
El Gueguense,5 out of 5,New kid on the block,"Excellent cigar. Full body, but smooth at the same time. The middle of the cigar is where the true taste lies. Nick out did himself with this one. Top 10 worthy easily."
El Gueguense,5 out of 5,One of the best of 2015 in my book,"The few times I have smoked El Gueguense I've been blown away. Dark, rich, complex... Just incredible. It is on the list of best things I've smoked in 2015, along with Las Caleveras, EP La Historia, Liga T52, tatuaje Reserva (7th)..."
El Gueguense,5 out of 5,Outstanding!,Great selection of cigars at reasonable prices and easy to use website. Good service. I will shop there again.
El Gueguense,5 out of 5,incredible,"amazing, this is the real deal, one of the best cigars on the market. great, complex, rich flavors, lotsa changes and transitions."
El Gueguense,5 out of 5,Newest knock out I've smoked,This cigar is certainly worth every penny and every puff. At first light you're punched in the face with flavor and strength after that hit its a smoking dream. An A+ stick that makes me upset to have one left in humidor at the moment. Will definitely replenish this one.
El Gueguense,5 out of 5,A wise purchase,"The ""wise man"" is a wise purchase. Very rich and just the right amount of kick. I will buy a box of these in the future when I have a humidor that can accommodate boxes."
El Gueguense,5 out of 5,My Favorite Dinner Smoke!,"Best Cigar I've had in a very long time. Perfect construction and a superbly blended Nicaraguan Puro. Full bodied flavors of Leather and Dark Cocoa beans. Lots of mellow spices, continuous and robust."
El Mejor Espresso,4 out of 5,Very good for a modest,Very good for a modest price
El Mejor Espresso,5 out of 5,Casual cigar smoker,"Lots of flavor 4 different profiles, nice box press and smooth smoke. Great cigar for the price."
El Mejor Espresso,4 out of 5,Nice smooth smoke.,Nice smooth smoke.
El Mejor Espresso,3 out of 5,"The ""slow burn"" in your","The ""slow burn"" in your product description produces a very uneven ash making re-lighting necessary and annoying."
El Mejor Espresso,5 out of 5,The Best,Great Smoke Great Price!!!!
El Mejor Espresso,5 out of 5,El Mejor Espresso Toro,"Hard to keep lit and seems to be packed tight, a little hard to draw. Aroma and flavor are acceptable.
I would prefer Gurkha Black Ops Maduro in Toronto, but they are out of stock everywhere 🙁"
El Mejor Espresso,4 out of 5,Taste good but had trouble,Taste good but had trouble staying lit
El Mejor Espresso,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Quality Cigar for a Great Price
El Mejor Espresso,5 out of 5,El Mejor,Great cigar
El Mejor Espresso,3 out of 5,Good for the price,Good for the price
El Mejor Espresso,3 out of 5,El Mejor Expresso,"A good “cost effective “ “ everyday smoke”! I really like the box pressed and prefer them in all my cigars Niall prices! Good burn, plenty of smoke and flavor without burning $! I will buy these again if you continue to have them."
El Mejor Espresso,5 out of 5,A cigar best kept a secret!,"Good balance, smooth draw and no hot spots. This cigar replaced my beloved Nestor Reserve. And I’m 98.678 satisfied. Buy early if you are a hunter!"
El Mejor Espresso,4 out of 5,El Mejor Espresso,Well constructed cigar...but too harsh for my taste !! Wish they would produce a milder blend !
El Mejor Espresso,4 out of 5,Good flavor,One of the better cheap smokes. Flavor was great had some burn problems though
El Mejor Espresso,5 out of 5,Great cigar !,"These are great cigars ! I've bought them several times and enjoyed them alot,Great taste, nice burn on them also very even! I highly recommend them !"
El Mejor Espresso,3 out of 5,Great daily smoke,This is my second order of El Mejor Espresso and I truly enjoy each smoke. This is absolutely my new favorite.
El Mejor Espresso,5 out of 5,EL Mejor Expresso,"Great cigars, great price"
El Mejor Espresso,5 out of 5,fantastic,my favorite cigar for the money.very smooth.
El Mejor Espresso,5 out of 5,Awesome!,"Exceeded expectations! Tried these based on the description & was ""knocked out"". Pepper,mocha & coffee flavors make this cigar a great value for the price."
El Mejor Espresso,4 out of 5,Good Casual Smoke,"A good casual smoke. Box pressed are a personal favorite, I'm half way through the bundle I ordered and haven't run into any duds. Had two with a little canoeing, but didn't upset my evening. Flavor was not exactly what I expected, for some reason I thought it was going to be like a DE Java stick, MUCH more subtle than that. The only problem I found is if you smoke anything more pricy next to one you can feel how rough it is on the palette by comparison. Overall not a terrible daily driver on a budget."
El Mejor Espresso,3 out of 5,Ok for the money,"Taste good, price good, but burn and draw so so. A little inconsistent."
El Mejor Espresso,4 out of 5,"Nice smoke, great flavor","Nice smoke, great flavor"
El Mejor Espresso,5 out of 5,Great,Great every day box pressed Maduro that doesn’t break your wallet!
El Mejor Espresso,1 out of 5,Nica Libre Robusto,"Bad burn,thin wrappers,mucho canoeing,and mucho tunneling."
El Mejor Espresso,4 out of 5,Just short of premium,The smoke is a good one and the cigar holds together well. Here in Arizona the hot dry weather is not good for cigars even in my humidor.
El Mejor Espresso,5 out of 5,Wonderful,Best cigars I’ve had in a while
El Mejor Espresso,5 out of 5,el mejor,"a fine smoke, it amuses, yet has a sophisticated smooth taste; excellent with a PBR, fine wine or a cup of coffee."
El Mejor Espresso,1 out of 5,El-Mejor Espresso,Dry and doesn’t stay on; should have returned the bundle.
El Mejor Espresso,4 out of 5,Really coffee,Great daily smoke. Coffee as promised. Delightful finish.
El Mejor Espresso,4 out of 5,Very good,"I have purchased these a while ago, enjoyed them. Haven’t been able to get them in awhile, so here I am."
El Mejor Espresso,5 out of 5,A great smoke!,This was a replacement for my Nestor Reserves whan it went away. My only suggestion would be to order early if you plan on having these jewels in deer camp. Ci sells out in November! And for godreason.
El Mejor Espresso,5 out of 5,Really good,One of the best smokes I have tried
El Mejor Espresso,3 out of 5,not what i expected,an o. k. smoke but I did find the taste flavorful. did not go well with my coffee in the morning.once was enough.
El Mejor Espresso,4 out of 5,A Lot of Cigar for the Money,"Very nice medium cigar with good flavor. Smoked two so far, both burned perfect, one had a hard draw but still ok. Would buy again."
El Mejor Espresso,4 out of 5,Very satisfying,Burns evenly. Great taste and aroma. Satisfying for after or before dinner.
El Mejor Espresso,4 out of 5,good cigars,good cigars for a good price
El Mejor Espresso,4 out of 5,El Major Churchill,Very good cigar for the price
El Mejor Espresso,5 out of 5,Very Gokd Cigar,Very Gokd Cigar
El Mejor Espresso,3 out of 5,Fell Short,"These have great potential for the price....but, fall short. They have nice flavor, but, just don't smoke well....too tight or moist...or both. Even after a month in the humidor, they're a very tough draw ruining what could otherwise be a good cigar."
El Mejor Espresso,4 out of 5,Great Value,"Have purchased El Mejor Espresso cigars several times mostly because of the flavor. Apparently a lot of people buy them because you are frequently out of stock. Since inventory turn is quicker, they are consistently fresher than any other cigars I’ve purchased at any price. They often don’t burn evenly but happy to overlook that considering satisfaction for the money."
El Mejor Espresso,4 out of 5,Every day good,Good smoke for the money
El Mejor Espresso,5 out of 5,Great cigar for a great,Great cigar for a great price
El Mejor Espresso,4 out of 5,El Major is a well,El Major is a well built cigar with a very pleasant finish. Many woman ask for the label as the men in their lives smoke nasty smelling cigars. Go figure!
El Mejor Espresso,3 out of 5,El Mejor Espresso Churchill,"Definitely worth the money, however it does have a few flaws, burning uneven for one and more often than not, needing re-lighting. But if you don't mind the small annoyances and you like a strong stogie with nuances of dark roast coffee, go for it!"
El Mejor Espresso,5 out of 5,Smooth + value,"Good everyday. My yard work smoke
No complaints."
El Mejor Espresso,3 out of 5,Their ok,Their ok
El Mejor Espresso,5 out of 5,El Mejor Expresso,"I have long leaned more toward Dominican cigars, and Maduro’s are my personal favorites. Having said that these Nicaragua beauties have become one of my favorites, good robustness and full of flavor. Good bargain that I will purchase often.
Thank you"
El Mejor Espresso,5 out of 5,smooth great cigar,Very little after taste and no burning of the tongue. Nice aroma and if hydrated correctly burns even most of the time.
El Mejor Espresso,2 out of 5,Poor construction,"While the taste of these cigars are very good, the construction ruins it all. What's the point of trying to smoke them. Too much work to keep them burning right."
El Mejor Espresso,1 out of 5,El mejorEspresso,This batch was old... did not hold up
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,Love the full body flavor.,Love the full body flavor. Would be nice if you would discount them on occasion
El Rey Del Mundo,4 out of 5,El Rey,"Top notch cigar company, keep up the good work"
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,El Rey Del Mundo Suprema Oscuro,"My favorite cigar for decades. This is a listed medium-full cigar that is, in my opinion, mild-medium. Consistently excellent in construction with a tasty oscuro wrapper. Delicious!"
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,Love my e l Rey del mydo,"Started smoking good cigars several years ago, quit for a while. Tried s veral brands of cigars, fell in love with El Rey del Mundo robusto suprema 54x7.25""
Will settle for a nub Maduro if can't get El Rey del Mundo"
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,Aging with Pleasure.,"Like with wine, one's taste is peculiarly personal. I have enjoyed many different strengths, flavors, sizes and costs in my cigar selection over the last 20 of my eighty five years of age. I choose this medium strength cigar , El Rey Del Mundo Robusto Oscuro , as my every day cigar & have done so for years. It pleases me as much as does the coffee I am now sipping after the good meal I've eaten while sitting in my make-shift man-cave on my favorite chair, and really enjoying my good cigar that is tying all the pleasure together. You kind of know what is important when you get old. Hope you find your lasting pleasure also. Frank G."
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,Hidden Gem,Hidden Gem
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,Always good!,One of my favorite budget cigars!
El Rey Del Mundo,4 out of 5,"Smooth as silk, great everyday","Smooth as silk, great everyday smoke."
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,26 years and still a great smoke,"26 years ago I was offered an El Rey Del Mundo and with it a story of why the cigar is wrapped in tissue paper... it was to dry the tears of the loss when done smoking. Til this day I keep the tissue paper neatly folded by the ashtray while I smoke, not so much for tears, but the memories. This cigar has not changed and I have not experienced a bad smoke with any size... smokes smooth, even and plenty of smoke. Goes very well with aged single malt scotches and good Friends.
Now I have passed the story of the tissue paper and a great cigar on to my Son, who enjoys them as well."
El Rey Del Mundo,4 out of 5,No parchment paper,but still an oily steak fat type flavor
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,Nothing Better,For over twenty year’s I’ve smoked these cigars without a hitch in quality. Iv ventured off to sample numerous other cigars but this only proved my satisfaction with the El Reys.
El Rey Del Mundo,4 out of 5,"1st time having this brand,","1st time having this brand, good smoke! BURNS EVEN VERY CONSISTENT."
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,Fantastic Cigar,"I have a top 5 cigar list. 5 cigars that I identify as my favorites. This is consistently in this list. Slow, long, and even burn. Lots of smoke. Most importantly an awesome flavor. I know taste is subjective but I get lots of leather, oak, and rich tobacco flavors without being too spicy. This is a great cigar that is consistent every time. I have never been disappointed by an El Rey."
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,Wow.... great smoke,My friend was nice enough to give me one of these (had never heard of them). Wow what a great smoke. Great construction Burns nicely nothing bad to say about it just a great smoke and now my favorite.
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,Truly 'The King of The World',"After over thirty years of smoking hand made cigars, the El Rey Del Mundo Oscuro has become my favorite due to it's consistent good construction and flavor profile. I've tried numerous expensive brands over the years and have found many of them to burn poorly and/or taste bitter or smoke hot.
These cigars are always rolled perfectly, burn very evenly with no streaking or tunneling and provide great volumes of creamy dense smoke with a great earthy flavor.
I have always preferred the rich earthy flavor of Nicaraguan tobaccos and these cigars provide that consistently.
Never harsh or overpowering, these sticks provide rich Cuban style flavors that go great with a good rich stout or a bourbon.
Truly ""The King of The World"" of cigars!"
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,good smoke,I would say they are in a close race with the top cigars
El Rey Del Mundo,4 out of 5,n,n
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,Cigar,Gigars Camino quickly and in good shape
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,Great Deal,Nice sized quick smoke when you do a cigar justice.
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,I t is one of,I t is one of the greats
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,KING OF THE WORLD,"Often compare to H.Upman or Hoyo ,this cigar has become my go to,mellow and creamy full of sweet cedar and a walnut after taste, love it I will continue to order this gem."
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,King of the ******* World!,"I cannot for the life of me figure out how this brand is so under-acclaimed. It's an old line brand with which most everyone is familiar. To my palate, it has a robust, full profile, not medium-full as it's reported here. Rich flavor, thick, billowy smoke, and beautiful to look at.
On top of this, it's probably the greatest, most colorful brand name in all of cigardom. The phrase, ""El Rey Del Mundo"" is a thing of beauty on multiple levels."
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,Wonderful cigar,Wonderful cigar
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke!,Excellent smoke!
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,Old fashion goodness,"This is an awesome cigar. Nice flavor, burns slow and even. I would like to smoke one of these every day, however, its difficult to find them in stock. I noticed that the boxes have a date on them and they have an additional two years of ageing after they are boxed up. Maybe one of the reasons there so good and in short supply. I just love them and I Hope the folks at CI can get more soon!! If you see them in stock, grab a box proto because they won't be in stock very long, and you can't go wrong!!"
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,King of the World,These are my #1 cigar. Smokes great and you feel like the king of the world.
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,bought El Rey Del Mundo Choix Supreme,"Very good flavorful Cigar, good value for the Money."
El Rey Del Mundo,2 out of 5,Yuk!,"This is the first cigar I couldn't smoke. It was so dry, dull, and hard on the draw. I let it go out and never touched it again. Must have been a dud."
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,pleasure at large,"A fine smooth taste, draw and finish. Reward yourself and light up a heater. My all time favorite.."
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,"Great cigar, smooth even smoke.","I don't have favorites, always enjoy variation in enjoyable pastimes. But, on a desert island and no other choice, this is the one for me."
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,Excellent smoke
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,Favorite for over 25 years...,"Been smoking El Rey Robusto Oscuro's for over 25 years, and everyone is well constructed, burns evenly, and absolutely tasty!"
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,Great,Great
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,Its one of my favorite,Its one of my favorite cigars
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,All ways winner for the past twenty years,This medium to full smoke is constantly on back order that says it all
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,Good value,Great cigars
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,Great smoke,This cigar is delicious and smokes well. It is priced reasonably. Wish u had the next length up which seems to b always backordered.
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,EL REY DEL MUNDO,MY FAVORITE CIGAR
El Rey Del Mundo,3 out of 5,Rolled to tight. Hard to,Rolled to tight. Hard to enjoy them.
El Rey Del Mundo,2 out of 5,Not sure now,Man I dumped a helluva lot a praise on the first one but the second stick was god awful. Draw was terrible and tasted like floor sweepings from a cigarette factory! Chunked it in the trash half way through. A little confused here to say the least!
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,Vamos Amigos!!!,"First third great! Second third great! Last third great! Great cigar with flavor of leather and pepper with a hint of sweetness joining in on the ride for the last third. Yum Yum, eat em up!!! Vamos Amigos!!!!"
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,Delicious!,"Hard pack, easy draw, lots of smoke, STF (smokes to fingers), delicious! And under $5!"
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,Puff Daddy.,Delicious !!!
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,El Rey Del Mundo (King of the World),"This medium cigar is never disappointing, it burns smooth and true, has excellent flavor and is just the right size. Combine with a glass of good Bourbon and a lawn chair and you do feel like the ""King of the World"""
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke haven't seen these,Excellent smoke haven't seen these in a long time however when I went to reorder you were out of stock
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,paul,has been my “go to” cigar for over a decade.
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,Outstanding smoke,These stay in my rotation in my humidor. Great smoke and great price.
El Rey Del Mundo,4 out of 5,Good smooth smoke,Usually buy the Rotschild maduros and thought I would try these. Very nice and would buy again.
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,"Great stick, great delivery time",Thanks for delivering my cigars in such a timely manner. The sticks looked and smoked great. We will be doing business again.
El Rey Del Mundo,5 out of 5,Jake,Awesome smoke! Well worth the money.
El Rico Habano,5 out of 5,Awesome non cuban better,Awesome non cuban better
El Rico Habano,5 out of 5,TOP NOTCH,"These are Fabulous Just the appearance is menacing to the eyes and taste buds. Dark dense and rich in appearance!! Then the first light and the delight of a slow burning, long lasting Absolutely Delicious smoke. HIGHLY RECOMMEND"
El Rico Habano,5 out of 5,el rico habano double corona,"great cigar, smooth burn and taste"
El Rico Habano,5 out of 5,Great everyday smoke!!!,"Tried these on a wim and man they are great. Nice even draw, great everyday smoke."
El Rico Habano,5 out of 5,Old School Style,There is a reason this cigar has been around for so long.
El Rico Habano,5 out of 5,Great full bodied cigar,"Not harsh, but a smooth full bodied cigar."
El Rico Habano,5 out of 5,I have hundreds of cigars....these are among the most treasured.,"When I think of this cigar, I tend to get upset. I've squirreled away but a handful of these for the last bunch of years, and they are true gems. It's upsetting to realize that the supply is dwindling with each one that is smoked. These cigars are imposing and heavy, but once aged, they smoke like no other maduro that I've sampled. I recall the burn being very sharp, with a chunky and firm white ash. I feel these are more medium than full when aged, and the best part of all is the flavor - mellow, a bit of spice - a cigar to sip and not to rush. I think it is time to put some more away for the next eight years!"
El Rico Habano,5 out of 5,Hardcore,Great cigar at a decent price. Full bodied but not over powering
Erin Go Bragh,4 out of 5,Nice & light,Nice & light
Erin Go Bragh,4 out of 5,Good light stick,Good light smoke.
Erin Go Bragh,5 out of 5,"Real smooth, great taste","Real smooth, great taste"
Erin Go Bragh,5 out of 5,nice flavor and well made,nice flavor and well made
Erin Go Bragh,5 out of 5,Shut up and take my money!,"I am a bit partial to the Erin Go Bragh line and this one keeps to my high expectations. Normally when I receive cigars I give 4/5 away to fellow enthusiast at work. With theses they are a guilty pleasure for me so I ended up only giving one away and enjoying the other 4 myself.
The flavor is amazing and steady through the entire smoke. They all burnt evenly and have a lovely aroma.
I would HIGHLY recommend these to anyone, I would gift them to people that enjoy cigars, and if I could I would fill my humidor with them constantly. The price is also a huge plus that won’t bankrupt you to have an amazing experience. This is my #1 favorite line as I’ve never had a bad experience with them."
Erin Go Bragh,5 out of 5,My favorite cigar,"Mild, easy draw and a pleasure to smoke."
Erin Go Bragh,4 out of 5,Nice little smoke.,"Nice flavor, fairly mild. Flavor is in the smoke not on the wrapper, lightly sweet and creamy. Overall, a nice little smoke. I'd order again."
Erin Go Bragh,5 out of 5,Bravo!,"The Erin Go Bragh is a nice enjoyable smoke on the front porch with two fingers of bourbon on the rocks! If you like a milder cigar, this is the I would recommend. It never disappoints."
Erin Go Bragh,5 out of 5,Wonderful cigar,"I just finished a box of these and really enjoyed them. They burned evenly, had a very mild flavor , and are affordable.
They make a great everyday smoke and are ideal for someone just getting into cigars, or for someone like myself that likes a mildly flavored cigar. Most enjoyable."
Erin Go Bragh,4 out of 5,not a hint of whiskey here,"Easy smoking, drew well, mellow flavor. Disappointed that there was not a hint of whiskey flavor or aroma."
Erin Go Bragh,5 out of 5,Very smooth and mild cigar,Very smooth and mild cigar
Erin Go Bragh,3 out of 5,I was expecting more of,I was expecting more of an Irish Whiskey taste.
Erin Go Bragh,5 out of 5,Great craftsmanship and flavor.,Smooth stick with my after work whiskey.
Erin Go Bragh,4 out of 5,Very mild and tasty stogie!,Very mild and tasty stogie!
Erin Go Bragh,5 out of 5,Very mild and smooth cigar.,Very mild and smooth cigar. Will definitely be ordering again.
Erin Go Bragh,5 out of 5,Erin Go Bragh,I really enjoy this cigar and have purchased several boxes over the years. A good mellow smoke.
Erin Go Bragh,5 out of 5,A great cigar.,A great cigar.
Erin Go Bragh,3 out of 5,Enjoyed them,Good smoke; good price
Erin Go Bragh,5 out of 5,Smooth and pleasant cigar,Smooth and pleasant cigar
Erin Go Bragh,5 out of 5,Great Smoke!,"Great taste, and yet not overpowering. Light but full of flavor!"
Erin Go Bragh,5 out of 5,LUCKY!,How I feel when smokin' one of these and sipping on some Jameson!
Erin Go Bragh,4 out of 5,Nice smoke,Nice smoke
Erin Go Bragh,3 out of 5,"Well built, average flavor","This cigar purports to be blended with an element of Irish whiskey, which I have yet to find in the 15 I’ve smoked from the box. They are well constructed, with a nice clean wrapper and firm roll. Draw was effortless, and the cigar burnt well and smoothly. The only real hit on the “Erin” cigar is that the flavor was neither bad nor good. These are probably great every days, or you’d smokes, better can be had and actually enjoyed for less. (Hobart, baccharate...etc"
Erin Go Bragh,4 out of 5,Good for the price,Well constructed mild cigar.
Erin Go Bragh,5 out of 5,its a smooth and tasty smoke,its a smooth and tasty smoke
Erin Go Bragh,5 out of 5,very nice,very nice cigar for the money. would recommend. would buy again.
Erin Go Bragh,3 out of 5,"Not Bad, Aromatic",These cigars are very Aromatic. They do not have a sweetened tip and very tight. I had to draw often otherwise it was going out. Very tasty and the whiskey notes were very pronounce. I would try it again if I can get the sweetened tip.
Erin Go Bragh,5 out of 5,Love it. Great smoke with,Love it. Great smoke with a glass of whiskey
Erin Go Bragh,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,Great cigar!
Erin Go Bragh,4 out of 5,Solid smoke,"Very smooth, nice draw"
Erin Go Bragh,4 out of 5,Nice tast good burn,Nice tast good burn
Erin Go Bragh,5 out of 5,Love these cigars!,Love these cigars!
Erin Go Bragh,5 out of 5,My “Go To” cigar,"VERY smooth. Nice, even burn...if you’re looking for more out of a cigar than this, you would be setting yourself up for a lifetime of disappointment & grief."
Erin Go Bragh,5 out of 5,Erin Go Bragh,"The infusion of Irish Whiskey sweetens the taste and removes any harshness that sometimes occurs in far more expensive cigars, it is my favorite and I like to share it sometimes like a proud father showing off his brilliant kid."
Erin Go Bragh,4 out of 5,Somewhat harsh but otherwise a,Somewhat harsh but otherwise a pretty good deal
Erin Go Bragh,3 out of 5,Erin Go Bragh,I’m not tasting the Irish whiskey notes...otherwise a medium-ish smoke.
Erin Go Bragh,4 out of 5,"Great Cigar for the Price,","Great Cigar for the Price, Burns Well and Smokes Good. Flavor was a Little Lacking, but Again for the Price it is a No Brainer."
Erin Go Bragh,5 out of 5,Tasty!,"Nice mild stick, with a hint of irish whiskey How can you go wrong."
Erin Go Bragh,3 out of 5,Well made,Well made burns well but could of used more favor
Erin Go Bragh,5 out of 5,Mellow!!,"This is a great cigar to just sit back and mellow out with. Great flavor, good pull, good smoke. These are my favorite."
Erin Go Bragh,5 out of 5,Pairing is caring,Erin Go Bragh was good until I paired it with some Irish Whiskey. My good cigar turned great!
Erin Go Bragh,4 out of 5,Something Different,"I enjoy this cigar as a change of pace. My humidor is full of high end cigars as well as a number of ""what mood am I in"" smokes. This affordable cigar is a good alternative. Construction is good. Draw is consistent. Good from start to finish. Also a smoke I can give a non cigar smoker."
Erin Go Bragh,5 out of 5,Very Good,Bought these for Saint Patty’s Day party and was very surprised with the quality. Would definitely recommend.
Erin Go Bragh,5 out of 5,Fantastic,Fantastic
Erin Go Bragh,5 out of 5,Erin go Bragh Robusto,Smooth mild smoke nice burn to it up the Irish a great cigar
Erin Go Bragh,5 out of 5,Irish know how,Coronas have a small blend of whiskey which gives them a distinct flavor and aroma. They also burn even and long---
Erin Go Bragh,5 out of 5,Sweet Cap,These cigars in your order catalog says that they have a sweetened cap but I'm not finding that to be the case. A little disappointed with the taste!
Erin Go Bragh,4 out of 5,Light and smooth,"Connecticut wrapper for a light, pleasant white smoke with a leathery taste. Very easy draw and burned for about an hour. Overall a great cigar for a beginner or someone looking for a cigar that is not too heavy."
Erin Go Bragh,3 out of 5,Erin go braughless,"Ok, mild, never burn evenly. Burn hot half way through. Can’t taste Irish whiskey at all."
Erin Go Bragh,5 out of 5,A bit stronger than remembered,"Bought a 5 pack of these tasty smokes and after a few weeks in humidor they were ready. Have smoked only 1 so far but was excellent, great flavor, burned well and good ash. A bit stronger than I remember them but Great. Would buy again. Will give them time to mellow too."
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,5 out of 5,"Awesome little cigars ""cigarillos""",My wife and I enjoy these almost every time we go out to the garage we keep them in our 1946 general electric fridge right next to the beer we love them I buy two boxes at a time so I have time to order more
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great little smoke,I really enjoy these cigarillos very tasty
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Would purchase again,Bought these with a similar box of another brand. Taste great good bang for the buck.. and fit my wants/needs about 10-15 minutes
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,4 out of 5,It is ok.,It is ok.
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Perfect size for. A quick,"Perfect size for. A quick smoke break. I really like the creamy flavor of Irish whiskey! Great cigar!,"
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Repeat Purchaser,"These are my go-to for a quick smoke. lightly flavored, but not sickeningly sweet like most flavored cigarillos. Good tobacco flavor. I try to keep them on hand at all times.
Only knocked it down one star as I recently received a box in which the draw is not quite right. It gets stuck during the last two inches and the cigar starts to collapse in on itself. Outside of this I've purchased several times and have had no complaints. Definitely a repeat purchase for me!"
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,4 out of 5,There okay,Everything is ok
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Irish Cream,Great little cigar.
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,5 out of 5,"Great, fast smoke","Lightly sweet, tasty little smokes. Perfect for the winter months when sitting outside for an hour doesn’t sound so great."
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,4 out of 5,smooth,smooth
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Good little smokes,"I bought these because they were out of the La Perla Habana Black & Tan , which I like much better. They seem to be little lighter and smoother taste than the Erin Go. However, these are good smoke and good alternative."
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,5 out of 5,great quick smoke,great quick smoke
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Great little smoke,Great taste! Everyday smoke when time is short.
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,5 out of 5,This is one of my,This is one of my go to cigarillos for a quick smoke break when a regular size is too much.
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Light and easy,ALL FRIENDS TOTALLY ENJOYED THEM
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great flavor,"full of flavor, and smells good too"
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great smokes,Great smokes
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Interesting,"Not a bad smoke for a small one. Was out doing yard work, honey do list stuff, and had one. Surprisingly was a good smoke. Not used to that in cigarillos."
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great smokes for the price!,Great smokes for the price!
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos - Irish Coffee Natural,Excellent purchase! Extremely happy!
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Nice cigar,Nice cigar
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Just the right size,"Taste is smooth, length is just the right size! Price is Right Bob!"
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,3 out of 5,"Decent, but not what expected.",Expected a little more irish coffee flavor. kind of bland. quick burn.
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Great Cigarillos,Nice little smoke and good flavor!
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Winner,They smelled so good I wanted to eat them. Very nice little cigar.
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,3 out of 5,Their okay,Their okay
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,5 out of 5,they are very good.....,they are very good.....
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Not your average flavored cigar,"Good, quality tobacco in a convient smoke. Gives a wondering subtle taste with a really pleasant aroma. Would highly recommend"
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,3 out of 5,Not bad,Not a bad smoke
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Good. But like a little,Good. But like a little more of a sweet taste.
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Not bad for the money,Not bad for the money
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,2 out of 5,everthing is tiny about this is tiny,a tiny draw and a tiny burn. hard to get a good puff out of this. gets too hot. I suppose if you really needed some kind of a quick hit it would do but I like a more relaxed smoke.
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Good short smoke,Nice flavor a good short smoke would buy them again.
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Fantastic product,"Very great tasting, creamy, smooth in each round. I'm eager to buy these again."
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Little Cigars,If you like a quick smoke and don’t want to or can’t take the time to smoke a larger cigar these are for you. Great taste and a quick fix for your cigar craving.
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Perfect little treat,"These little gems are a favorite of mine. They are perfect with an early morning coffee, or that mid day pick me up, and equally nice as a night cap.
Only issue, they are small so only good for a quick smoke."
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great taste on the go...,Nice smooth taste for a quick smoke
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great tasting smoke,"I shared theses with my foursome, they all loved them. They wanted to know why I didn't bring more!"
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos - Irish Whiskey Natural,Nice short smoke with a great aroma. Even my wife can tolerate them.
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great little cigars !!,These are great little cigars with great flavor! Evyone I give them to loves them great buy for the money !
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Big things come in small package.,"Was a little cautious at first with the price being so cheap but after the first one was very satisfied. Nice draw and smooth finish , these little guys are the perfect pick-me-up for sitting back and relaxing on the front porch with a frosty beverage in the other hand after a long day of work. Very pleased !"
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,3 out of 5,a decent but short smake,"Bought these on sale: very mild in flavor, burn too hot for me, in addition to being a fast smoke. Burns easily and consistent. If on sale, a decent smoke"
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great little cigar,"Very mild and mellow, slow burning, with a great smell. Great small smoke for after work or anytime with a drink."
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Perfect,"Smooth, tasty quick smokes. Recommend"
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,5 out of 5,I love these little smokes,They are so tasty
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,3 out of 5,Sweet,"Too sweet for me, the natural is much better"
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Good short,These little vitolas have good flavor and construction. They last about 5-10 minutes and are perfect for a quick break. Not overly strong but full of flavor.
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Fine little cigar,Great taste for a good price!!
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Good lil smoke,"Quick smoke, good flavor, stays cool to the end."
Erin Go Bragh Cigarillos,5 out of 5,"Very pleasant, polite, informative young","Very pleasant, polite, informative young woman."
Erin Go Bragh St. Patrick's Day Edition,5 out of 5,"Cool box, very nice little cigars as always.","Its a cool box, not sure if these cigars are a different run from their Natrals or not, but they are a nice little smoke as always"
Erin Go Bragh St. Patrick's Day Edition,3 out of 5,fantastic flavorful little cigarillos,"These are about as good as cigarillos get, one of a rare few quality cigarillo. The only downside is that after one or two it has tongue-bite like pipe tobacco. If you plan on sticking to one or two at a time you should be fine."
Erin Go Bragh St. Patrick's Day Edition,5 out of 5,Mellow sweet and enjoyable. I cant wait to smoke another,"It's St. Patricks Day, these arrived today...perfect timing if u ask me. I opened up the box and they have a ""different"" smell...it doesn't smell infused, it smells more like fire cured tobacco...i lit one up and wow! It is a nice mellow yet sweet taste. If anyone says its harsh, it is because they pull too hard on them, these are cigarillos, u need to puff lightly and slow for the best flavor and to keep it burning smoothely."
Erin Go Bragh St. Patrick's Day Edition,4 out of 5,Strong little cigars,Quite a punch for a little cigar.
Erin Go Bragh St. Patrick's Day Edition,4 out of 5,Good but not my favorite,Good but not my favorite
Erin Go Bragh St. Patrick's Day Edition,5 out of 5,Erin go bragh,Great for a quick smoke. Mild and the price is right.
Erin Go Bragh St. Patrick's Day Edition,2 out of 5,they aren't bad but they aren't good either....,I typed in sweet because I like flavored cigars such as swisher sweets etc. this product came up in the name your price section so I bid fifteen dollars for the natural flavored which apparently means no flavor .... even though I won I lost .........
Erin Go Bragh St. Patrick's Day Edition,3 out of 5,Enjoyable but,The difference between all the types is very subtle and is not really expressed. It sounds like they are all really different when truthfully they are not. Enjoyable but will not be buying again.
Erin Go Bragh St. Patrick's Day Edition,5 out of 5,good price.,good price.
Erin Go Bragh St. Patrick's Day Edition,3 out of 5,Erin Bragh St Patrick Day Edition Cigarillos,Good for a quick smoke a little hot and harsh I need a suggestion for a little cooler and smoother quick smoke would not buy for 2nd time. But by all means try them not terrible bad.
Erin Go Bragh St. Patrick's Day Edition,3 out of 5,Average,"Very loosely packed, but for the price it provides a 5-10 minute long smoke that is fulfilling when you cannot have a full cigar."
Erin Go Bragh St. Patrick's Day Edition,5 out of 5,Erin Go Bragh St. Patrick's Day Edition Cigarillos,"Such a great value, and lovely (quick) smoke. Thank you!"
Erin Go Bragh St. Patrick's Day Edition,5 out of 5,There a great quick smoke,There a nice smooth mild smoke for when you only have a few mins for a puff
Erin Go Bragh St. Patrick's Day Edition,4 out of 5,good little quick smoke,Nice little smoke when you need a quickie
Erin Go Bragh St. Patrick's Day Edition,5 out of 5,good,tast good burn well
Erin Go Bragh St. Patrick's Day Edition,4 out of 5,Great Little Cigar,Great Little Cigar Smooth Up to half a cigar then they get to hot to smoke.
Erin Go Bragh St. Patrick's Day Edition,5 out of 5,St.Patrick cigarillos,"Excellent flavor, if you never tried them, do it now."
Erin Go Bragh St. Patrick's Day Edition,3 out of 5,Raspy but nice,"Nice and short smoke, raspy and like a cigarette."
Erin Go Bragh St. Patrick's Day Edition,2 out of 5,Fast smoke,Burns fast and hot. Almost like smoking a cigarette. I so enjoy this brand's Irish cream senoritas but I'm not so fond of the St. Patrick day cigarellos.
Erin Go Bragh St. Patrick's Day Edition,2 out of 5,quickie smoke,more like smoking a cigarette than a cigar. Tastes ok though.
Erin Go Bragh St. Patrick's Day Edition,5 out of 5,Lovely Irish Smoke,They are a flavorful tasty little smoke that's perfect for those little quickies.
Espinosa Alpha Dawg,5 out of 5,Alpha dawg,My second box of ten burns great and tasty one of my dad’s favorite
Espinosa Alpha Dawg,5 out of 5,Lockdown luxury,"Out on the patio with a smooth scotch and an excellent cigar - if you can’t get out due to lockdown mania, this cigar will satiate your passion for the aroma of great tobacco blend and relaxation."
Espinosa Alpha Dawg,5 out of 5,Very tasty,Very tasty
Espinosa Alpha Dawg,5 out of 5,Great smoke..,Great smoke..
Espinosa Crema,5 out of 5,Espinosa No 4,"Always an enjoyable smooth cigar. Never harsh, easy draw....a good friend of a smoke!"
Espinosa Crema,5 out of 5,Creamy is right!,"Great cigar, very smooth and like they say, very creamy,,"
Espinosa Crema,4 out of 5,creamy,Very creamy. Bill Clinton would approve.
Espinosa Crema,4 out of 5,"4.8 | Just Right | A Total Puro ""Go-To""","I am pretty sure that the Espinosa Crema I received and am inhaling right now (as part of Oct's CI Club package bonus selection) is perhaps a 6x48 or so. Not sure, but I sure like it allot! Smooth, tasty, and very easy on the palate. My third puro of this day and this stick is quite a ""finisher!"" Well done Erik and CI!!! Much gratitude and respect, T :-)"
Espinosa Crema,3 out of 5,loose draw on toro,"I bought the toro version, draw is very loose, classic Connecticut taste of mild pepper and wet hay, would not say this is ""creamy"". will let the final 2 cigars of the 5 pack sit another month or two and make a final review with addendum"
Espinosa Dread,4 out of 5,Dread is awesome!,I have smoked 4 or 5 of these at my local Cigar joint. Awesome flavor profile with a medium to slow burn. Provides a nice buzz about half way through that crescendo's at the finish.
Espinosa EO no. 21,4 out of 5,Not bad!,Good cigar for the price. Good draw and even burn
Espinosa EO no. 21,5 out of 5,Great stick,Always looking for a deal on a bundle and C.I. never lets me down. Fast delivery and always fresh.
Espinosa EO no. 21,4 out of 5,Great Cigar,"Great price, burns well. A must buy."
Espinosa EO no. 21,3 out of 5,This is a good smokable,This is a good smokable $2 cigar
Espinosa EO no. 21,5 out of 5,Love these cigars best one's..,Love these cigars best one's..
Espinosa EO no. 21,5 out of 5,What a wonderful surprise...! Highly recommended..!,"What a wonderful surprise...! Great flavor, easy draw with an even burn and billows of flavorful and pleasant smoke. Very well constructed Mellow to Medium in strength - 75 minute cigar and worth smoking to the nub. Try them - you won't be disappointed; whether a novice or a seasoned smoke. Highly recommended..!"
Espinosa EO no. 21,5 out of 5,Good cigar,You won’t be disappointed
Espinosa EO no. 21,3 out of 5,Not bad for the price,Not bad for the price point
Espinosa EO no. 21,5 out of 5,Good price,Very well-constructed cigar smokes like a $20 cigar
Espinosa EO no. 21,4 out of 5,AWESOME for under $30,I have to said awesome nice draw even burn far about 8 deep from 20 pass some out a BBQ I got a WoW NICE . . !
Espinosa EO no. 21,5 out of 5,Boat cigar,"Mild smoke for the boat, bait em up, light em up!"
Espinosa EO no. 21,5 out of 5,Great value!,In my experience they have been consistently very well made and burn smooth and evenly with a good draw.
Espinosa EO no. 21,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"Great cigar, especially for the price. I have smoked 15 out of 20 with no problems in construction, draw and flavor."
Espinosa EO no. 21,5 out of 5,Espinosa,all good..
Espinosa EO no. 21,4 out of 5,Good Everyday Cigar,"Great for when your working around the house, and with an evening cocktail."
Espinosa EO no. 21,3 out of 5,There ok just trying something,There ok just trying something new
Espinosa EO no. 21,3 out of 5,Good Smoke,"Tried my first on today. Flavor was great. Mild/medium. Wrapping was good and no problems. Price was definitely great. However, It’s wrapped pretty tight, would have given 4 stars but just a bit hard on the draw. Had problems keeping it lighted."
Espinosa EO no. 21,5 out of 5,Espinosa does it again.,Great smoke! Well constructed and typical outstanding Espinosa flavor!
Espinosa EO no. 21,4 out of 5,Superb Cigar at a Great Value!,"When my humidor starts to run low, I start paying more attention to CI email offers; that being the case recently, I couldn’t pass up a generous deal on these cigars. Best decision I’ve ever made!
Smooth, rich and flavorful, with notes of coffee or espresso. A wonderful smoke at any price. I’m enjoying my second EO as I write this review and so far both have burned evenly without unwrapping. Also, a nod to reviewer Steve L.: I agree that the ring art is unique and very smart. They’re as enjoyable to look at in my humidor as they are to smoke! I’ll be buying these again!"
Espinosa EO no. 21,3 out of 5,Headed down hill,"Use to get these and then just got into trying others. Went back to them and not the same. Wrapper unrolls, uneven burn - Just not the same but if you get a good batch you'll like 'em. I will try them again."
Espinosa EO no. 21,5 out of 5,For the price very nice,For the price very nice draw
Espinosa EO no. 21,5 out of 5,Good relaxing smoke,For a good occasional smoke very smooth with great taste
Espinosa EO no. 21,3 out of 5,A little above average. Didn't,A little above average. Didn't draw well. Good flavor
Espinosa EO no. 21,4 out of 5,"Creamy, mild to medium great warm weather cigar.","I’m writing from my past experience of the E.O. #21 cigars before they brought them back. I called them the poor man’s Montecristo White, because the cigar had a lot of the same characteristics: smooth, mild to medium strength, bountiful smoke volume, easy draw, good flavor and very well made & affordable. I’ve had lots of them Churchill, Toro, torpedo (not available), my favorites in descending order. They were my go to warm to hot weather cigar, when you may not feel like smoking something real strong. My hope is that the new round of them are at least as good. I had the opportunity to meet Eddie Ortega when he and Eric were still making th and they were showcasing his cigars. When I told him how much I enjoyed them, it put a big smile on his face. One thing, I appreciate good cigar art, and I find the wrapping and bands very attractive including the bands, simple, classy use of the red, white and touch of green, which I guess reminds me of Christmas ... can’t wait to open up the package to experience what’s within. Lastly, I just remembered one thing I liked about them, they seemed to come properly humidified and ready to puff with that lush creamy smoke. I actually preferred them that way rather than aged and dried out."
Espinosa EO no. 21,4 out of 5,Nice smoke for the price,First I've tried things. Got them on a CI special. I'll buy them anytime CI has a special on them.
Espinosa Habano,5 out of 5,Habano No. 4,This is an excellent cigar. Enjoy smoking it after a good meal or with a glass of brandy.
Espinosa Habano,5 out of 5,Absolutely Recommend,Best Cigar I've had in a while.
Espinosa Habano,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Worthy of recent high rating in cigar aficionado.
Espinosa Habano,3 out of 5,Good cigar,A good cigar. However I'd recommend Espinosa''s 601Blue and Green over these.
Espinosa Habano,3 out of 5,Burns unevenly,Burns unevenly
Espinosa Habano,3 out of 5,Good cigar for the money,Good cigar for the money
Espinosa Habano,4 out of 5,I'll buy more,Great stick start to finish
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,4 out of 5,Creamy rich smoke medium cigar,"Very excellent smoking medium cigar. Incredibly creamy smoke that's very thick, great for big clouds. Slow even burn with no runs cracks or flaws. Gets a little stronger into the last 3rd but for the most part medium all the way through. A very enjoyable smoke"
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,5 out of 5,Fantastic!,"perfect draw and tons of creamy smoke. A near perfect burn (one minor touch-up).
Flavors are very well-balanced cedar, spices, citrus, pepper and nuts. Loved it!"
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,5 out of 5,"A very straight forward, constant","A very straight forward, constant cigar, from a great manufacturer"
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,5 out of 5,Don’t hesitate to try!,"I agree. The color is great. The smoke is great. Still a novice, but you can just tell when there’s quality and taste. Even burn. Awesome aroma. Try it!"
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,5 out of 5,A delectable treat!!,I enjoyed every bit of this fine cigar. A mild body smoke with its own personality. Strays away from the typical ash and cigarette taste that some mild body sticks have. Glad I took a chance in grabbing some of these bad boys.
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,4 out of 5,I expected decent quality...,"...and I got it, at a reasonable price. These wouldn't be considered super premium, but they were worth the price paid. They're no Illusiones, but solidly good. Medium strength and flavor, good aroma, worth a try."
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,4 out of 5,Laranja,Very smooth
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,4 out of 5,Good everyday smoke!,Good flavor profile. Sometimes uneven burn.
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,5 out of 5,Nice Cigars,These cigars have a smooth draw.
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,5 out of 5,One of the best,"One of the best cigar I ever smoke, love it."
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,5 out of 5,Exceptional smoke,"After the first few minutes, this cigar settles down into an extremely smooth and flavorful smoking experience to the final puff. Highly recommended for novice and veteran smokers alike."
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,5 out of 5,Great flavor and a twist.,"These were a pleasant surprise for sure. I had never heard of this brand before...but after smoking one, that’s all it took to set the hook. I really enjoyed these because they stand out as very flavorful and uniquely different."
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,5 out of 5,Outstanding!,"I’ve read a lot about these cigars, but hadn’t had them until this purchase. They deserve every bit of their 94 rating, and I’d actually rate them higher; maybe a 96!"
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,4 out of 5,Espinosa Laranja,Excellent cigar. Good draw and burn. Very tasty smoke.
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,5 out of 5,I have not smoked them,"I have not smoked them yet, I will be up in Reno and will be smoking them around the 14."
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,5 out of 5,Smooth with a great taste,Smooth with a great taste
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,5 out of 5,One of the Best!,"Anyone who doesn't like this cigar should stop smoking cigars! One of the most well executed cigars from a structural perspective.Easiest of draws.Not overly strong,leaning toward the mild side..just a great smoke"
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,"Consistently easy draw,well constructed.Not overly strong,with a medium amount of flavor.When you are in the mood for a relatively mild cigar there is NONE better!"
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,4 out of 5,Very smooth smoke,Truely a pleasurable cigar!
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,5 out of 5,Smooth and tasty! One off,Smooth and tasty! One off my late night smokes
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,5 out of 5,Laranja Reserva Toro,Great cigar! Starts out a bit peppery but then a simply great smoke. Smooth even burning. As part of a sampler I was more than pleasantly surprised and have purchased the same sampler again and again just to enjoy this cigar.
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,4 out of 5,Espinosa Laranja = A Good Deal!,"I bought a box of Espinosa Laranja to bring on vacation and found it to be my go-to smoke for the trip. Well constructed, good price."
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,5 out of 5,Excellent!,A new favorite to keep in my humidor at all times-except when I’m smoking one.
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,5 out of 5,Fairly unique,"Read a lot of reviews of this cigar, before buying. IT is the first cigar in a long time that I've smoked down to a nub. There is nothing spectacular about it, it's just a kind of nuanced flavor that keeps you involved. Smoke it slow, and make sure it is lit well."
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,4 out of 5,"Reall,really good!","A bit overpriced, maybe, but a beautifully nuanced cigar. These are definitely worth a try, especially if you see them on sale or as part of a sampler deal. You may just find that they are worth your money at full price!"
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,4 out of 5,Very good cigar,Full flavor not to strong good cigar to try.
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,3 out of 5,Good Cigar,"Cigar is well made and smokes cleanly. However, I don’t taste much in the way of flavor. It is also more mellow than anticipated. Probably won’t be a staple in my humidor but I wouldn’t turn one down."
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,4 out of 5,Espinosa Laranja Reserva Toro,"Smooth, great draw with a lot of smoke and flavor. Medium but with enough strength to keep you coming back for more...."
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,5 out of 5,Coastal musings,Hands down one of the most enjoyable cigars I have smoked. Full body without harshness.
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,5 out of 5,Awesome Blend,Originally bought a 5er elsewhere then jumped on a special priced 10-pack from CI. I love these when I’m not looking for a maduro but want plenty of flavor. Has a really interesting complexity that for me includes a caramel sweetness and some orange peel. Very unique and impressive smoke.
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,5 out of 5,Just superb,"Wish I'd ordered a lot more when they were on sale. One of the best Cigars I've smoked.Mellow, good burn and flavorful"
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,5 out of 5,Great stick!,I love the toro vitola. I consider it to be a poor mans opus when it comes to the flavor profile.
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,5 out of 5,Espinosa Laranja,"Excellent cigar. Medium body but very full, rich flavors.Can be enjoyed by aficionado and beginners alike.One of my Go To favorites especially when they are Flash Sale 60% off. Try to always have 6-8 of these available in my humidors."
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,5 out of 5,great cigars,these are some of my favorites
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,4 out of 5,"Can't pronounce it, but love","Can't pronounce it, but love to smoke it."
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,5 out of 5,Laranja,Excellent. Padron quality. IMHO
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,4 out of 5,I don't know the hype so no bias for or against,I like this cigar and I don't know if it is the power of suggestion but I get a twinge of citrus. I enjoy it with a Rye and all is good.
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,5 out of 5,Espinosa,His absolute best! Love it!!
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,1 out of 5,Avoid like the Noid!!!,"If I could give this a zero star, I would. I took one of my five packs to my weekly cigar night with the guys raving about all the great reviews I read on CI. Not one person enjoyed the cigar. Everyone put the thing out half way (They only continued smoking the cigar due to them hoping it would get better). The worse part is that I still have three more 5 packs. Lesson learned."
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,5 out of 5,"Honestly, may be one of the best med-full bodied cigar this spring","Bought the Toro Espinosa very skeptically, not really ever trying other offering from this Cigar Maker. Well; either those folk have come into a excellent Crop of tobacco and tobacco rollers/blending or they are concentrating all their efforts on a small batch of tobacco rendering a cigar that's simply Superb!"
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,4 out of 5,I give it a 90!,"Everyone raves about this stick on all the cigar channels and forums, and I've been dying to finally try. I found this cigar inherently doable. I have only had one so far, and that was a medium body at best which surprised me. I'm ok with it though. I will happily smoke these again. Perfect construction, ash, smoke output, and all those other reviewer type comments."
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,4 out of 5,I give it a 90!,"Everyone raves about this stick on all the cigar channels and forums, and I've been dying to finally try. I found this cigar inherently doable. I have only had one so far, and that was a medium body at best which surprised me. I'm ok with it though. I will happily smoke these again. Perfect construction, ash, smoke output, and all those other reviewer type comments."
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,1 out of 5,Save your money,An almost flavorless cigar
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,5 out of 5,The wonderful orange cigar,"This cigar was suggested to me by no other than Erik Espinosa during an event at a local B&M in the KC area. And am I glad he did. I've come to realize that my pallet may never become refined enough to pick out all the subtle flavors that others seem too, but I know what I enjoy about a cigar. Construction must be VG to excellent, the draw easy, smoke smooth and no way harsh and the overall experience positive.
I get all of that from the Laranja Reserva Caixa. Will buy again and probably save up for a full box."
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,"Just moked one, great stogie, and CI rox"
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,5 out of 5,Wonderful Cigar,"Can't say enough about this stick. I would call it a medium. though some would call it a medium full. lots of spice, complexity, great flavor."
Espinosa Laranja Reserva,4 out of 5,Great cigar,Very different but great flavor. Has somewhat of a citrus flavor which give you a different option to keep in your humidor.
Espinosa Reggae,5 out of 5,If you like different dominate flavors,The best Caribbean flavor and Latin in one sweet puff.
Espinosa Wasabi,5 out of 5,Very mild!,"Got this in the COGM pack and found it to be a very mild cigar,,,very enjoyable....No buzz for me, just a nice flavor."
Espinosa Wasabi,5 out of 5,Amazing,Amazing smoke! Really does have a body that gives you wasabi vibes. E. Espinosa did an amazing job with this one.
Espinosa Wasabi,5 out of 5,great buzz,"these came in the COGM pack this month and they are amazing. the first thing i noticed is they are incredibly juicy. there is no wasabi flavor. the 'wasabi' comes from the candela wrapper. i didn't notice pepper, i thought the overwhelming flavor is a creamy butter. its a really strong smoke. i got a serious buzz after about 5 minutes of smoking and had to put it out a couple times. the buzz lasts about 20 minutes after smoking too. i've never been this buzzed from a cigar."
Espinosa Wasabi,5 out of 5,Very nice and mild cigar,"Very well constructed and smooth smoke! I thought it was quite mild for my palate, but all in all a very good cigar full of flavor. And I even got a hint of mint on my tongue. I would smoke it again. Kudos....."
Exactus Clasico,3 out of 5,Solid cigar but not great,Exactus clasico cigars are decent cigars if you prefer something on the milder side but that has a different taste. The only problem with the cigar is on lighting and the initial third of the cigar. The pallate is washed with an unpleasant pepper taste that does not fit with the cigar. However the flavor evens out and the wine fermentation becomes evident and lends an enjoyable and unique character to the cigar.
Excalibur,5 out of 5,Smooth,I have purchased Excalibur cigars for years and these didn’t disappoint. If you are looking for a mild and smooth draw on a cigar look no further!
Excalibur,5 out of 5,They did not disappoint Will,"They did not disappoint
Will return for more"
Excalibur,5 out of 5,Perfect Breakfast Cigar,"This one is amazing and always has been. Lasts well more than 9 holes unless in the wind, goes great with a cup of coffee, and guarantees NO DOUBLE BOGIES !!"
Excalibur,5 out of 5,very good,very good
Excalibur,5 out of 5,Heaven on Earth,A superb blend of tobatic bliss
Excalibur,4 out of 5,Excellent,"Nice mellow morning by the pool cigar , one of my favorite smokes nice even burn"
Excalibur,5 out of 5,great cigar,great cigar from start to finish. mild to medium throughout.
Excalibur,5 out of 5,Smooth Smoke,Very smooth and wonderful cigar. A great summer smoke on the patio
Excalibur,5 out of 5,Top Notch CI,CI has always been my go to cigar site to purchase quality cigars at a reasonable price.
Excalibur,5 out of 5,Favorite cigar,"This is my favorite cigar, glad to find another good source."
Excalibur,5 out of 5,An Excellent Medium Bodied Cigar..!,"Excellent construction, wonderful medium bodied cigar with a smooth draw and a very even burn. Nice aroma and plenty of smoke. Highly recommended."
Excalibur,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar!,Excellent cigar!
Excalibur,5 out of 5,My All-time Favorite,"I was in a cigar club at work. We met every week and we were told what cigar to bring so we would all smoke the same thing and discuss our likes and dislikes about it. Obviously I enjoyed many but my all-time favorite is the ""Hoyo De Monterrey Excalibur Maduro No. 1""."
Excalibur,5 out of 5,Resilient,great smooth and consistent
Excalibur,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar for anytime of day.,"Excellent construction, easy draw, medium body, good flavor with plenty of smoke. Highly recommended..!"
Excalibur,3 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Excalibur,5 out of 5,Maduro Excalibur excellent smoke.!,"I took a hiatus from cigar smoking for about fifteen years. Excaliburs were always at the top of my list. The couple I've had recently put them right back on top. Although it's mild to medium bodied cigar the maduro wrapper provides a lot of flavor, it's a well constructed cigar with a nice burn and much flavor. Next I have to try the Cameroon wrapped Excaliburs to see if they're as good as I remember them. The maduro was excellent.!"
Excalibur,5 out of 5,Great Smoke!!,"this was a great cigar - nice burn, extremely mellow draw and great price. I don't know anything about notes of cherry and ash, but I know this one is always a great smoke - I've been smoking these for about 20 years and they are always consistent. The final note is the price, which is great!"
Excalibur,4 out of 5,review,"Flavor is good, but some issues with uneven burning."
Excalibur,5 out of 5,Highly recommended!,"Hoyo de Monterey's Excalibur No. 5 is one of the best cigars on the market, especially for the CI price range. Suggestion: light the cigar and let is sit for at least 1 minute. Definitely a smooth, easy smoke with great flavors."
Excalibur,5 out of 5,Excellent and smooth,Excellent and smooth
Excalibur,5 out of 5,Best in class,"Great cigar , smooth long lasting stick"
Excalibur,5 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
Excalibur,4 out of 5,Delightfully surprised. First time trying,"Delightfully surprised. First time trying Excalibur, nice, smooth mild smoke. Great for guests who are not your avid cigar smokers."
Excalibur,5 out of 5,Fantastic,"Smooth, strong, leather, delicious beef jerky after-taste pleasure. People within range complimentary of scent, size and overall appearance."
Excalibur,4 out of 5,Excalibur Epicure,Good smooth creamy taste with a litter pepper towards the end. Problem with some rappers being very very loose.
Excalibur,5 out of 5,Good,Good
Excalibur,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,I wish I could afford to smoke 2 a day.
Excalibur,4 out of 5,Great Cigar,Excellent everday cigar at a very reasonable price point. Burns well.Medium strength.
Excalibur,4 out of 5,Great selection at good prices,Great selection at good prices
Excalibur,5 out of 5,Excalibur epicure,Another excellent quality cigar
Excalibur,3 out of 5,hard to smoke. wrapper is,hard to smoke. wrapper is too thin and it flakes. there are better cigars for the same price
Excalibur,5 out of 5,Very good and it's on,Very good and it's on sale
Excalibur,5 out of 5,My very first Cigar,Very Good Smoke. A older White man introduced me to this cigar back in the early 2000 in the Metro Atlanta Area.
Excalibur,5 out of 5,"This cigar is a classic,","This cigar is a classic, what else can you say, perfect draw and burn with a mild to medium profile."
Excalibur,5 out of 5,One of the Best,"Always love this cigar. One of the best out there, always a rich silky smooth smoke. Burns very evenly. This one you can always smoke below the wrapper without that bitter flavor."
Excalibur,5 out of 5,Personal favorite,"Never a bad one in the bunch. Good for any time of day. Not a complex smoke, just a pleasant one. Its almost all I smoke now."
Excalibur,4 out of 5,Excalibur cigars,All of the Dominican Republic Cigars are nice. But I really enjoy the taste of the Excalibur. Whether it be the smaller Epicure or the larger Churchill. I got the Epicure because I like smoking when I am walking my dog and the size is perfect so I am able to smoke the complete cigar instead of having it sit on my ashtray and dry out. For I am forbidden to smoke in the house because my daughter has asthma.
Excalibur,5 out of 5,Excellent,would love to buy again
Excalibur,5 out of 5,Excalibur,A nice smoke that burns true and straight. Well constructed and a different taste that is easy on the tongue. I will buy more when the price is on sale.
Excalibur,4 out of 5,Good smoke overall. Just a,Good smoke overall. Just a little strong for me. Leaves my head feeling a little funny...
Excalibur,4 out of 5,to me its one of,to me its one of the best on the market. great aroma smooth taste no harsh bite
Excalibur,4 out of 5,Very Nice,Good smoke and build. Burns well. Great medium flavor.
Excalibur,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Has a smooth quality draw
Excalibur,5 out of 5,Excalibur Epicure,"Hoyo De Monterrey cigars are a great smoke. These Excalibur Epicures were very reasonably priced and I am thoroughly enjoying smoking them.
If they were on sale again at the same price, I would buy even more!!"
Excalibur,5 out of 5,Was a good mellow smoke,Was a good mellow smoke I enjoyed it I want to try the other blend I tinker it a Connecticut
Excalibur,5 out of 5,Great Cigars,Great Cigars
Excalibur,4 out of 5,Great smokes !!!,Great smokes !!!
Excalibur,5 out of 5,Champan,Ecxellent Cigar
Excalibur,4 out of 5,Tasty smoke,Amother winner from Hoya
Excalibur Cameroon,5 out of 5,My favorite Cigars,"This is my favorite cigar, it has been a consistent blend and OK priced, cigars are like wine an acquired taste and for me this is it."
Excalibur Cameroon,3 out of 5,Ok Cigar,Very average cigar. Taste is ok.Not well wrapped
Excalibur Cameroon,5 out of 5,Good medium bodied flavor.,Great medium bodied taste. Love this Cameroon
Excalibur Cameroon,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Great Smoke
Excalibur Cameroon,5 out of 5,Inexpensive 45 min smoke. Very,Inexpensive 45 min smoke. Very high quality Cameroon wrap. Smoked was very high class. Just what I had expected. I will always have them in my humador.
Excalibur Cameroon,4 out of 5,Good stick,"Nice construction, full flavors medium body. Even better value for price."
Excalibur Cameroon,5 out of 5,Love these,Good all around smoke
Excalibur Cameroon,5 out of 5,Try these,Very nice cigar. Similar to the Excalibur natural with an added taste of black coffee. Tasty from start to nub.
Excalibur Cameroon,5 out of 5,Nice smoke!,"This has been a favorite for many years - back to when they were branded Excalibur 1066. I am a fan of cameroon wrappers and these deliver a lot of flavor. Nice construction, too - never have problems with these."
Excalibur Cameroon,5 out of 5,My favorite cigar,"I keep on buying them they are my favorite cigars, the producer is consistent with the mix you get 15 to 18 cigars per box of 20 evenly mixed like most cigar packaging. They are medium, smooth and burn nice white long ashes. I've been smoking cigars since 17, now I am 64 and here I am. Good luck all!"
Excalibur Cameroon,5 out of 5,6 Stars,This is my island cigar (in the under $15 range). Construction and blend are spot on. Each draw melts away the day's stress.
Excalibur Cameroon,5 out of 5,Fantastic Stick!,"Love the Cameroon sweet taste of this medium blend, particularly after a few months aging. One of my favorites!"
Excalibur Cameroon,5 out of 5,A winner,"Camaroon wrapper is my choice...this stick has all the goods...filler, binder, wrapper. Smokey dokey!!"
Excalibur Cameroon,5 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
Excalibur Cameroon,5 out of 5,My go to.,"I have been a fan of Hoyo since I first started smoking cigars and these have always been my go to's, especially when I can wait and let them mellow an extra 6 months or more."
Excalibur Cameroon,5 out of 5,one to enjoy,"first off make sure you have a large cutter as the ring Ga. is large, this Cameroon Churchill is smooth, burns evenly and has a great finish well worth a try please take the time to enjoy it."
Excalibur Cameroon,4 out of 5,Nice quick smoke,This cigar is a great breaker from my usual smoke and very enjoyable
Excalibur Cameroon,4 out of 5,Excalibur Cameroon Lancelot,Very good medium strength cigar. Good draw and little or no variation in cigar quality.
Excalibur Cameroon,5 out of 5,Excalibur Cameroon Merlin,King Arthur would be proud of Merlin's magic on this vitola. Love it.
Excalibur Cameroon,5 out of 5,Very nice cigar,Well constructed enjoyable smoke. Nice draw and even burn. Would buy again.
Excalibur Cameroon,5 out of 5,Great buy,Great buy and great taste!
Excalibur Cameroon,5 out of 5,Good shipping tme!,Good shipping tme!
Excalibur Cameroon,5 out of 5,You're a wizard!!,The merlin stick was such a good stick that I might contemplate buying a box!
Excalibur Cameroon,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Always one of my favorites. Great flavor and always a great burn. An enjoyable smoke
Excalibur Cameroon,4 out of 5,GOOD SMOKE,GOOD SMOKE
Excalibur Cameroon,5 out of 5,Very Good Smoke,"I have pretty much smoked my way through the Excalibur line and have settled in on the Merlin and Lancelot.....I love em. If I had to come up with anything critical, it would be that from time to time, a few of their sticks may have been rolled improperly. The draw is good, but no smoke will come through. Maybe I'm getting product rolled by a trainee. In any event, the problem is rare, and I love the Excaliburs, especially the Lancelot."
Excalibur Cameroon,5 out of 5,Humidor must have...,"Yes this is an older blend, but it is still one of the best Cameroon cigars ever and should be in your rotation. Great construction, burn and authentic flavor. Every Excalibur blend is great but this is a real treat you must have in the humidor..."
Excalibur Cameroon,1 out of 5,OLD CIGARS,"BRUTAL DRY CIGARS THAT EVERY ONE CRACKED WHEN LIT.
EVEN AFTER 2 WEEKS IN ELECTRICALLY CONTROLED HUMIDOR.
OLD STOCK. DONT COTHER"
Excalibur Cameroon,5 out of 5,Excalibur Cameroon Merlin,Absolute dream smoke. Cigars were in great shape
Excalibur Cameroon,5 out of 5,A wonderful Smoke,"Hoyo de Monterrey is a smoke that i can always count on, and the Excalibur is my cigar of choice. The flavor is enjoyed from the minute I light it up and you can't find a better finisher. If you have never tried this smoke you don't know what you're missing. There are not many cigars that I would recommend, this is one that I not only would, but I have. By all means, try this cigar."
Excalibur Cameroon,5 out of 5,Excalibur Cameroon Merlin,Smooth and flavorful
Excalibur Cameroon,4 out of 5,I rate this cigar 4-stars.,"I rate this cigar 4-stars. It was smooth, mellow yet full flavored. Easy draw through the whole smoke, but the cigar burned slowly. The smoke was of medium density with what I thought were toast and herbal flavors with just a hint of bitterness. I tasted secondary hints of cedar, leather, good whole wheat toast and toasted tobacco. I gave the 4-star rating instead of 5- because the wrapper frayed about half way through the smoke. - I will definitely buy this typoe of cigar again."
Excalibur Cameroon,5 out of 5,Disappearing too quickly,Cigars are great but they disappear too quickly. Now I have to order replacements!
Excalibur Cameroon,5 out of 5,"Hoya, Hoya!","Recently tried the Excalibur Cameroon Merlin. Great cigar, if you love Cameroon wrappers, as I do, be sure to give it a try. Great flavor, perfect construction and burn. Everything you would expect from a company with a long tradition!"
Excalibur Cameroon,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Mild smooth and a good smoke. For a fair price I might add.
Excalibur Cameroon,5 out of 5,Excalibur Cameroon King Arthur,Very good cigar.
Excalibur Cameroon,5 out of 5,Good,Very quick delivery. Only smoked two of them so far. One wrapper was fine but another wrapper came apart while smoking it. Good tasting cigar
Excalibur Cameroon,4 out of 5,Eddy Villa,"I've always enjoyed the Hoyos brand, but Camaroon Lancelot may be my favorite."
Excalibur Cameroon,5 out of 5,Will Buy Again,Smokes smooth and consistent throughout. Mild overall flavor.
Excalibur Cameroon,5 out of 5,Really great cigar.,I've been smoking these for a long time and they're my go to smoke when I want good cigar.
Excalibur Cameroon,4 out of 5,A pleasure full of smoke,Very smooth and nice from start to finish. The only thing I didn't like was that it doesn't last as long as I would like for the size of cigar and quality of smoke.
Excalibur Dark Knight,5 out of 5,Wonderful,Good cigar at a good price
Excalibur Dark Knight,5 out of 5,Dark Knight I,I enjoy Dark Knight I. They smell good and relax me while puffing away the day.
Excalibur Dark Knight,5 out of 5,Fast dellivery at a critical time,Purchased as a gift for my brother when another online retailer failed to fulfill an order. Ordered a week before Xmas and arrived in time for the holiday.
Excalibur Dark Knight,5 out of 5,Favorite cigar,Favorite cigar
Excalibur Dark Knight,5 out of 5,Nice,Great smoke
Excalibur Dark Knight,5 out of 5,The Excalibur Dark Knight II,"The Excalibur Dark Knight II has long been a favorite--- a full flavor, nice taste, and a good smoke."
Excalibur Dark Knight,5 out of 5,Hoyo,"Tried these for everyday cigars. Was pleasantly surprised . Full body rich in flavor and excellent burn.
Would highly recommend"
Excalibur Dark Knight,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,"Smooth, clean smoke. Easy to finish (toothpick cigar holder optional)."
Excalibur Dark Knight,5 out of 5,"Excellent smoke, very smooth!","This cigar is exceptional. It has great flavor, no bite and is very smooth!"
Excalibur Dark Knight,5 out of 5,Always wanted to try,"Glad I did try this smoke nice flavor good feel in hand not over powering
Pairs well with Yukon Jack"
Excalibur Dark Knight,4 out of 5,super fine old school Cuban Indian style cigar.,Feels good toothy well blended and rolled burns nice tastes great a cedar sweet cream hint/ great aroma smokes for an hour maybe more depends on how you smoke it. work your time and money..
Excalibur Dark Knight,5 out of 5,My fave maduro,"My fave maduro. Consistant great construction and draw. Burns cool. Nice taste. And not over priced.
Can't beat 'em."
Excalibur Dark Knight,5 out of 5,Top 3 maduro for your humidor,"There are so many cigars out there now and most of them are good, probably really good, however this is a cigar that I HAVE to have in my rotation. Maduros are my favorite type of cigars and this cigar has everything I love about a maduro. Look, feel, taste, burn, flavor and just the right strength. If you haven't tried this cigar, you really are missing out. A favorite!"
Excalibur Dark Knight,5 out of 5,Great cigar,As a regular cigar smoker I am never disappointed with the dark knight.
Excalibur Dark Knight,4 out of 5,Humidor worthy!,"Fantastic with an espresso. Excalibur ""Dark Knight"" ...I believe Commissioner Gordon would approve."
Excalibur Dark Knight,4 out of 5,Excalibur Dark Knight,A medium strength not to bad taste but it didn't burn well.
Excalibur Dark Knight,4 out of 5,Dark knight 1,One of my favorite cigars
Excalibur Dark Knight,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,A great smoke full of favor can't beat it!
Excalibur Dark Knight,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar. Robust taste but,Excellent cigar. Robust taste but not harsh
Excalibur Dark Knight,5 out of 5,Dark knight,Great new excaliber
Excalibur Dark Knight,5 out of 5,Excalibur Dark Knight - Dark Knight II,Excellent cigar
Excalibur Dark Knight,5 out of 5,Great Products,"Had very, very good luck with the quality of cigars I receive and prices are fair. Thank you"
Excalibur Dark Knight,5 out of 5,A new favorite!,"Rich, warm, leather and coffee flavors paired with a smooth, cool draw. A friend recommended Hoyo de Monterrey: I was not disappointed! And I have a new respect for my friend! I will be stocking my humidor with Excaliburs!"
Excalibur Dark Knight,5 out of 5,Excalibur Dark Knight I,"This is my all time favorite cigar! I have tried other maduro cigars, but none seem to measure up to the Dark Knight. I would highly recommend this cigar for anyone looking for full flavor and excellent burn."
Excalibur Dark Knight,5 out of 5,Long time favorite,Long time favorite
Excalibur Dark Knight,5 out of 5,Dark Knight,"one of, if not the best ive ever smoked.Burns even, aroma is unmatched in any other cigar. don't beleave me try one and see if you don't agree."
Excalibur Dark Knight,5 out of 5,Excalibur Dark Knight,"These sticks never are a let down!!! Packed with rich coffee flavors, thick billowing smoke and smooth draw, these remain a constant stable in my humidor."
Excalibur Dark Knight,5 out of 5,Delicious!,Perfect burners with a full rich taste. On vacation and shared with friends EVRYONE looked forward to their evening smoke.
Excalibur Dark Knight,5 out of 5,Smooth & Heavy,"Very good cigar. A very smooth, full bodied smoke."
Excalibur Dark Knight,5 out of 5,Very Good,I get a box of these every time I order.
Factory Throwouts,5 out of 5,Great value,"I have been buying the same cigars for years. They are smooth, mild, and priced right. Cigars Int'l makes it easy to purchase my regular supply."
Factory Throwouts,5 out of 5,Good cigars for the price,Good cigars for the price
Factory Throwouts,5 out of 5,Claro,"Great cigars!
Smooth and wonderful flavor!"
Factory Throwouts,5 out of 5,Great service and good cigars,Great service and good cigars for the $$
Factory Throwouts,4 out of 5,49 throw out,Good cheap everyday smoke
Factory Throwouts,4 out of 5,great for the cost,these are high quality and a great smoke. Lasts for over an hour and felt like a high quality cigar.
Factory Throwouts,4 out of 5,"smokes well, some times I","smokes well, some times I get tobacco coming off in my mouth. But is a good buy"
Factory Throwouts,5 out of 5,Surprising,"A surprisingly good cigar, and a great price."
Factory Throwouts,5 out of 5,for the value of the,for the value of the product a fantastic buy
Factory Throwouts,5 out of 5,Impress your your friends.,"I bought these, to hand out to my once a year cigar smoking friends. Now don’t get me wrong, they are a great cigar for the price, and the recipients love them, and when I tell them I got them from CI, they puff the chest out like they have a $20 cigar burning. I have enjoyed a few, and I will order them again."
Factory Throwouts,4 out of 5,Factory Throwouts are great,Factory Throwouts are great
Factory Throwouts,5 out of 5,Awesome!,Awesome!
Factory Throwouts,4 out of 5,Good price,Good price
Factory Throwouts,5 out of 5,Factory Throwouts,"Already buy three times and will buy again. Love them, good smoke and good price."
Factory Throwouts,4 out of 5,I love the flavor and,I love the flavor and smaokabilty. and Would recommend a Punch cut to smoke. V and snipping tend to unravel the whole cigar.
Factory Throwouts,4 out of 5,not bad,with the exception of one or two not a bad smoke for the price. only complaint the end cap a bit rough on most.
Factory Throwouts,5 out of 5,Awesome,"Great prices and great service, thank you"
Factory Throwouts,4 out of 5,smooth perfect size right price,smooth perfect size right price
Factory Throwouts,3 out of 5,Good for everyday smike,Good for everyday smike
Factory Throwouts,5 out of 5,Great everyday cigar,Great everyday cigar
Factory Throwouts,5 out of 5,Good smoke for the price,"Good smoke for the price
Prefer the sweets."
Factory Throwouts,5 out of 5,Nice Smoke!,"Nothing fancy, but enjoyable for walks and mowing the lawn. Good for watching movies in my man cave, too! A- to A grade!"
Factory Throwouts,4 out of 5,Did not receive,I ordered these cigars. Got a notice that they were shipped on the 16th. I have not received them. Help
Factory Throwouts,4 out of 5,Cigar review,I think its a good buy for the price. I will order more.
Factory Throwouts,5 out of 5,Good Smoke,"Good cigars,good price."
Factory Throwouts,5 out of 5,Great mellow well made cigar.,Great mellow well made cigar. Better than many highly regarded cigars. Sweetness level is just right. One of my favorites along with C’est La Vie.
Factory Throwouts,4 out of 5,very pleasant smooth smoke,very pleasant smooth smoke
Factory Throwouts,4 out of 5,Smooth easy draw Flavor is,Smooth easy draw Flavor is great
Factory Throwouts,4 out of 5,Nice and Smooth,A very nice smoke. Smooth with a little sweetness. There were a couple of dudes in the batch of 20 but overall most of these were very good.
Factory Throwouts,5 out of 5,Very good delicious 🤤,Very good delicious 🤤
Factory Throwouts,4 out of 5,99 sweets,for the price these cigars are great!
Factory Throwouts,5 out of 5,recent order,Very satisfactory!
Factory Throwouts,5 out of 5,My Factory Favorites,"Smooth burning, just enough sweetness, great cigar . 99.9 % good !"
Factory Throwouts,5 out of 5,Great deal,Great deal
Factory Throwouts,4 out of 5,Fsctory throwbacks 99,These cigars have a mild taste. They also burn clean. Once in a while they will not stay lit towards middle of smoke. Can live with that. Otherwise very good cigar for price.
Factory Throwouts,5 out of 5,Great customer service,Great customer service
Factory Throwouts,5 out of 5,I think there great really,I think there great really smooth and inexpensive this is my second order of them and will definitely get some more
Factory Throwouts,5 out of 5,Price is right. Good cigar.,Price is right. Good cigar.
Factory Throwouts,5 out of 5,Factory Throwouts 99 Cuben Wheeis,Factory Throwouts 99 Cuben Wheeis Churchill ARE GREAT
Factory Throwouts,3 out of 5,Throw Outs Dried Out,Have ordered cigars from CI for years - the last shipment was so dried out that some sticks just fell apart and others burned like a match in mintes.
Factory Throwouts,5 out of 5,A steal,I am an Acid Brand fanatic but these cigars are amazing for the price. Not as sweet as a Kuba Kuba or an Isla but great in substitute of and for the price I highly recommend
Factory Throwouts,4 out of 5,Great value,Great for a quick smoke
Factory Throwouts,5 out of 5,Great value,Good smoking cigar
Factory Throwouts,5 out of 5,it was ok at best,it was ok at best
Factory Throwouts,5 out of 5,Great sweet tip cigar,Great price and smokes cool and even
Factory Throwouts,5 out of 5,Enjoy them they nice everyday,Enjoy them they nice everyday cigars
Factory Throwouts,5 out of 5,like,like
Factory Throwouts,5 out of 5,great inexpensive smole,great inexpensive smole
Factory Throwouts,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Love these cigars when doing yard work!
Factory Throwouts,4 out of 5,A steal..,"A random choice finds me with a reasonably priced very good cigar. Well constructed with consistent draw, a moderate blend and satisfying smoke down to the last inch."
Fallen Angel,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Another great smoke from AJ
Fallen Angel,5 out of 5,Loved it,Loved it
Fallen Angel,3 out of 5,For me just an okay cigar,"Nice burn, good draw, & decent aroma. The flavor fell short for me."
Fallen Angel,4 out of 5,inexpensive good smoke,inexpensive good smoke
Fallen Angel,5 out of 5,GOOD SMOKE,"GOOD DRAW, FLAVOR, BURN RATE......FULL BODY"
Fallen Angel,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Tried for the first time tonight. Absolutely love it. Great flavor... Great price.
Fallen Angel,4 out of 5,One of my favorites,Fallen Angel is one of my favorite AJ sticks. Always tasty with a nice burn.
Fallen Angel,5 out of 5,Excellent,These are evertthing I expected and more. An excellent cigar. I will definitely buy these again.
Fallen Angel,5 out of 5,Fallen Angel - Mike Jordan,Wonderful cigar. Not for the weak Hearted or beginners.
Fallen Angel,4 out of 5,Fallen Angel box pressed robusto,"A flavorful smoke, good construction, fairly slow burn. I liked it!"
Fallen Angel,5 out of 5,Another AJ Fernandez HIT,"These cigars are what we have all come to expect from A J Fernandez!
Top shelf smoke. For A J...Business as usual!"
Fallen Angel,5 out of 5,Awesome cigars,Awesome cigars
Fallen Angel,5 out of 5,my favorite,I wish this could be my every day cigar
Fallen Angel,5 out of 5,Fallen Angel robusto,as always a very good smoke at a very good price
Fallen Angel,4 out of 5,WISCONSIN,DECENT CIGAR.
Fallen Angel,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Plenty of flavor and body. Very smooth and easy to smoke. Love the size and box press. Way too much cigar for the price. You might feel guilty for not paying more!
Fallen Angel,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"Received it in a mystery brown bag pack and I'm in love with it. Awesome flavor, burned perfect, 10/10"
Fallen Angel,5 out of 5,Fallen Angel cigars,These are some of the best and smoothest cigars. they are really good are always my go-to!!!
Fallen Angel,5 out of 5,My Favorite,Outstanding.
Fallen Angel,4 out of 5,Very tasty for the price.,Very tasty for the price.
Fallen Angel,3 out of 5,Falling into a great deal,"Caught these puppies on sale and boy did I luck up!!! They were smooth with a hint of sweetness, and still had that feeling of a full-body cigar"
Fallen Angel,5 out of 5,Another A J Fernandez winner,Tried this as part of a variety bundle and love it. Flavor build throughout the cigar; Caramel and leather
Fallen Angel,4 out of 5,Nice smoke,I’ve bought them before and will buy them again
Fallen Angel,5 out of 5,Fallen Angel,"Bought on a whim, tastes amazing. Very pleased!"
Fallen Angel,5 out of 5,The leader,One of the best I’ve had in a long time
Fallen Angel,4 out of 5,Fallen Angel,Just finished my third and I’m impressed with the quality build and smoke of this cigar. Consistent thru the entire smoke.
Fallen Angel,5 out of 5,5 stars,fallen angels have become a staple for my humidors.
Fallen Angel,5 out of 5,Coolest burn throughout,"Got one of these in a sample pack but loved it so much I had to leave a review on this one individually. It provided a cool slow burn that lasted almost the entire time. The flavor was bold without being overpowering. With a not too sweet caramel start followed up by a light pepper and spice finish. I will be buying more when the humidor space opens, or a sale on another one. Which ever comes first :)"
Fallen Angel,3 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Fallen Angel,5 out of 5,Fallen Angel has risen,"Very skeptical at first didn't think it would have the body and flavor for natural leaf wrapped stick, but was pleasantly surprised not only by the burn but also the rich flavor. Would purchase this brand again"
Fallen Angel,5 out of 5,FALLEN ANGEL IS A HIT !!!,"AJ FERNANDEZ has done it again, with his latest addition to his line up.
The ""Price Is Right"" and it's a Superb Smoke ! ♥
You can't get a better Cigar for the Price !"
Fallen Angel,5 out of 5,Good smoke!,The Fallen Angel Robusto is a full bodied smoke that packs a lot of flavor in such a small cigar. If you are short on time but want a strong cigar then this is the one for you.
Fallen Angel,5 out of 5,Fantastic smoke will definitely be,Fantastic smoke will definitely be getting more
Fallen Angel,5 out of 5,Fallen Angel,"Great cigar. Even burn,good ash,awesome flavor. Notes of leather and pepper. Great finish. One of my favorites!"
Fallen Angel,5 out of 5,Very Good!,"As a box pressed fan, this is a great cigar. You must try it!"
Fallen Angel,5 out of 5,Very good cigar,My husband said that he really enjoyed them
Fallen Angel,5 out of 5,Great cigars!,Great cigars!
Fallen Angel,5 out of 5,Nice,Nice
Fallen Angel,5 out of 5,Suprised,"Got these with my main purchase, so far they are enjoyable but need more rest to them"
Fallen Angel,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Not bad
Fallen Angel,5 out of 5,Some of the best I've had in the U.S.,"The selections of cigats that are available, are some of the best I've smoked since moving back to the U.S."
Fallen Angel,5 out of 5,"Perfect, I mean PERFECT burn!","Great Surprise! Wanted to try something new in the ""Build Your Own Mega-Sampler"" and this was a great choice. Perfect, I mean PERFECT burn. Easy draw. Tasty and a little spicy but not over powering. If you like Sanch Panza Double Maduro, you'll like this."
Fallen Angel,4 out of 5,In heaven,Nice easy draw. Great smoke and flavor. I like this alot!
Fallen Angel,4 out of 5,Fallen Angel,"I originally received these as part of a Build-Your-Own sample pack when I really wanted to try another cigar. When I opened the box and saw them however, I just had to try them; these are beautiful cigars. While they didn't break into my top five, they are a well made box-pressed treat. If you like full bodied cigars, these are a must try! Would buy them again."
Fallen Angel,5 out of 5,Fallen angel,"Defiantly a top contender, lots of smoke and smooth."
Fallen Angel,5 out of 5,FANTASTIC CIGAR AT A GREAT PRICE!,BOUGHT A FIVE PACK TO TRY! I WAS SO IMPRESSED I JUST ORDERED A BOX. THE ONLY CIGAR I LIKE BETTER IS THE PRENSADO! AT HALF THE PRICE THE FALLEN ANGEL IS MY GO TO CIGAR! GET THEM WHILE YOU CAN!
Fallen Angel,5 out of 5,Pretty solid at a good price,"Would definitely get this again. A bit heavier, decent smoke length, enjoyed the flavor as it developed."
Fallen Angel,3 out of 5,Not in love,"I bought these in, oh... September 2015? Smoked a few over the next several months and did enjoy them but for a lack of intriguing flavor. Construction, top shelf. Draw, top shelf. Smoke output, you bet. Strength, (ah'hem!) SOLID! And this box press is the perfect size for me. There is SO much to love about this cigar. I'm finally smoking the last of these (almost a year & 1/2 later) and still, sadly, it's just lacking a little something from the flavor department. I'm a huge fan of A.J.'s work. But I feel like the Fallen Angel could take a sip of the Unholy Cocktail and bring something divine to the masses."
Fallen Angel,3 out of 5,"Potent, a little harsh.","Began quite strong, even harsh with cedar and pepper. Settled down and became more creamy if a little sweet. Full-bodied no doubt. Well constructed. Even burn. A bit too strong for me."
Fallen Angel,5 out of 5,Fallen Angel love,these are great budget cigars. AJ has hit one out of the park with these. Only been able to find on CI site. so buy a box. you wont be disappointed.
Felipe II Fat-Boy Extra,5 out of 5,I love fat boy cigars.,I love fat boy cigars. Without a doubt this is this best tasting fat boy cigar.
Felipe II Fat-Boy Extra,4 out of 5,"Great taste, the don’t burn","Great taste, the don’t burn evenly"
Felipe II Fat-Boy Extra,3 out of 5,Ok for the money,Nice cigar when you factor in the price
Felipe II Fat-Boy Extra,3 out of 5,Shorty delight,Very good for a shorty. I need more spice but these are OK.
Felipe II Fat-Boy Extra,3 out of 5,Just OK,I like the the 58 ring size. Not a bad smoke but the draw is too easy. I would of liked a tighter packed cigar. Burns fast.
Felix Assouline EGO Red Habano BXP,5 out of 5,One HellofA EGO !!,"Here is a cigar from a man who is the textbook definition of Master Blender. From owning the farms where his tobacco is grown, processing, rolling, and even makes his own boxes. The cigar industry is full of those who I call cake decorators. They slap a band and huge price on a bundle cigar made by someone else. If you want to smoke the hardwork of a real tobacco maker the EGO RED Label by Felix Assouline is a wonderful jumping off point. There is a reason why big names in the industry use Felix Assouline to make their cigars and that's because they can't do it better than he can. A true dark horse in the industry and a cigar that other manufacturers smoke when not smoking their own brands. The entire portfolio of Felix Assouline Cigars contains the best of best from the Connecticut CSB to the Ligero wrapped monster that is the EGO BLACK. Do yourself a favor and introduce your palate to what tobaccos are supposed to taste like and what other cigar manufacturers wish their cigars tasted like. The EGO RED Label by Felix Assouline Cigars."
Fernando Leon Family Reserve,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Fernando Leon Family Reserve,4 out of 5,F. Leon,"Enjoyed this cigar. Burned well and even, therefore, pretty well constructed. Will buy again. Good bourbon stick."
Fernando Leon Family Reserve,5 out of 5,Fernando Leon Family Reserve,"No matter what size you smoke, these are one of the best cigars you can get at any price. Everything works on these, the draw, the smoke, the ash, but for me the most important thing is the flavor. These are absolutely delicious."
Fernando Leon Family Reserve,5 out of 5,One of the best.,"As a long time CI and cigar fan I wanted to express my love of this cigar. Although I buy 95% of my cigars from CI I bought a box of these cigars while on a tour of La Aurora while in the Dominican Republic. Eugene, the tour director at La Aurora, was smoking this cigar while conducting the tour. I figured if it was something that he liked, since he can smoke anything he likes, especially after leading tours for 25 years, it must be great. It is. This is an exceptional cigar, one that I would put up against the best of Fuente, Padron etc., I'm only sorry that I only bought one box..."
Fighting Cock,3 out of 5,Good everyday smoke,Good everyday smoke
Fighting Cock,5 out of 5,Awesome very good,Awesome very good
Fighting Cock,4 out of 5,Normally a GOOD smoke,This last box had a bad draw
Fighting Cock,4 out of 5,good inexpensive cigar. sometimes hard,good inexpensive cigar. sometimes hard to draw
Fighting Cock,3 out of 5,Odd name...decent cigar,"Pretty good smoke. Medium body and enjoyable flavor.
Good cigar for the mon8"
Fighting Cock,5 out of 5,Great cigar great price sharing,Great cigar great price sharing with friends who will purchase
Fighting Cock,4 out of 5,There a pretty good cigars.,There a pretty good cigars. Fresh also.
Fighting Cock,5 out of 5,Good smoke,One of my favorite cigars. Part of each of my orders
Fighting Cock,5 out of 5,Here comes the rooster...,been in my humi-rotation for nearly a decade now.
Fighting Cock,4 out of 5,Fighting Cock,"Great mellow cigar,Can’t beat the price
Will be buying more!! I have recommended to my fellow smoker’s to check it out!"
Fighting Cock,4 out of 5,Great Cigar for the price,Great everyday Cigar.
Fighting Cock,5 out of 5,top of the line,"this was my first cigar and I haven't looked back. my dad gave this to me when I came of age and it's my favorite. got 2 boxes of the robustos shipped to me on my deployment, and enjoyed every single one of them. they are a cross between mild and medium bodied. can't beat the price either"
Fighting Cock,5 out of 5,A,Really good cigar
Fighting Cock,4 out of 5,Price Increase Ridiculous,Really. A good cigar but the $8 increase for Robusto is bs! Finding another cigar
Fighting Cock,5 out of 5,Great for golf,Not bad at all for the price point.
Fighting Cock,4 out of 5,"Honestly bought these for the band, but...",... a great everyday cigar--get yours before the price goes up!
Fighting Cock,3 out of 5,Eh...,"My least favorite cigar I have purchased. Maybe, with a couple years of aging, they will be better."
Fighting Cock,4 out of 5,Ok,A solid meh not great not bad for the price there ok on sale there worth it
Fighting Cock,5 out of 5,Fighting Cock Toro,Very good cigar. Will definitely buy again.
Fighting Cock,5 out of 5,Good smoke,This is a good smoke for the price burns a little fast
Fighting Cock,5 out of 5,Great Buy,great smoke for the money!
Fighting Cock,5 out of 5,Great Cigar for such a low price,Great Cigar for such a low price
Fighting Cock,5 out of 5,Fighting Cock,I like this cigar because is tastes good and burns well. Great smoke for working outdoors.
Fighting Cock,4 out of 5,"Good, cigars, but I've been","Good, cigars, but I've been having problems with back orders"
Fighting Cock,3 out of 5,Solid and value,"I want to give 4, but these are just an ""everyday"" type cigar. The flavor is more than OK, Nothing to wow you, but they are the type of cigar you don't care if u throw on ground while u take u golf shot. I buy these for the golf course.. Good smoke at a good value. Don't pass up!"
Fighting Cock,4 out of 5,Give them the Bird,"Bought these cigars several times and never been dissappointed. Good overall smoke not harsh, just right. Good cigar for the money"
Fighting Cock,4 out of 5,Good value,"This is a great easy, smooth smoke for the money."
Fighting Cock,4 out of 5,I hate the name but love the cigar...,Decent smoking cigar...
Fighting Cock,3 out of 5,"for the price, a good","for the price, a good smoke"
Fighting Cock,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
Fighting Cock,4 out of 5,FC,So I read the reviews before I bought a box and I’m pleased with the purchase. The first cigar had a tight draw but that was the only one. These sticks are good for just sitting back and relaxing. Good mellow cigars.
Fighting Cock,5 out of 5,They are smooth as silk.,They are smooth as silk. I love them.
Fighting Cock,5 out of 5,Awesome smoke,For the price it's a good smoke
Fighting Cock,5 out of 5,best inexpiencive cagar ive smoked,best inexpiencive cagar ive smoked yet
Fighting Cock,5 out of 5,"Very good cigar, good flavor.","Very good cigar, good flavor. For the price it’s excellent I will be getting another box."
Fighting Cock,3 out of 5,Ok,Ok
Fighting Cock,4 out of 5,Great cigar at this price,Great cigar at this price point !
Fighting Cock,5 out of 5,Surprisingly good,Surprisingly good
Fighting Cock,5 out of 5,The Rooster!,Great cigar for the dollar.Good even burn.Good flavor .Nice mellow all around cigar.
Fighting Cock,5 out of 5,I brought these cigars for,I brought these cigars for my husband and he said “this was a GREAT cigar.
Fighting Cock,4 out of 5,A great cigar for the price.,These have a great flavor and a wonderful aroma. The only reason I gave it four stars instead of five is because they burn unevenly. Would recommend these for sure.
Fighting Cock,3 out of 5,Good every day smoke,Good every day smoke
Fighting Cock,5 out of 5,Desireable,This cigar has a nice burn and great flavor. The draw is also desirable. I will purchase more in the near future and encourage others to do the same.
Fighting Cock,4 out of 5,decent everyday working man's smoke,"I'd give this 3.5 stars, smoked about half of them thus far and they do have a pretty consistent burn and draw. Some are a bit harsh but most have been good until you start to get into the nub and then they are a bit much. Overall, a decent everyday smoke (which is what I was looking for), I'm going to try a few other options for an everyday smoke but would buy these again."
Fighting Cock,5 out of 5,Nicaragua Treat,Excellent cigar for anytime especially with a good glass of wine.
Fighting Cock,5 out of 5,Enjoyable Smokes,This is a good buy. Smooth burning tasty smoke. Really enjoyed them.
Fighting Cock,4 out of 5,GREAT EVERYDAY SMOKE,Highly recommended for an everyday smoke to satisfy a busy day
Fighting Cock,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,One of the best for the price
Fighting Cock,3 out of 5,Ok,Decent construction with a mild flavor profile and an even burn.
Fighting Cock,5 out of 5,A good smooth cigar,A good smooth cigar
Flor de las Antillas Maduro,4 out of 5,My favorite smoke !,It could burn a bit better but the flavor & smoothness have me coming back for more.
Flor de las Antillas Maduro,5 out of 5,"An excellent cigar, close to last years award winner. I was well satisfied with this Cigar.","A nice follow up to the previous year’s super rating. It is almost the same cigar. Great stick for a quiet afternoon. It has a leather and spice first third, the middle third is complex and smooth with the same leathery overall flavor. The last third is more spice. It burns reasonably evenly and is worth the investment of the time that it takes to smoke it."
Flor de las Antillas Maduro,5 out of 5,Flor de las Antillas Maduro Torpedo,Excellent stick! Love the full flavor and excellent pricing from CI.
Flor de las Antillas Maduro,5 out of 5,recent purchase,Always fresh when received and these cigars smoke so evenly and have a great taste.
Flor de las Antillas Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Smoke!,Selfishly I want to give these cigars a bad review so they will not sell out. However I cannot in good conscious. They are truly an awesome smoke and worth every penny plus. I love them and hope you enjoy them as much as I do. I am a cigar a day smoker and these are some of the best I have ever had.
Flor de las Antillas Maduro,4 out of 5,Good cigar,"Nice flavor but a little strong for me, also difficult to keep lit."
Flor de las Antillas Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,Awesome cigar for the price. Very consistent and smoothe
Flor de las Antillas Maduro,5 out of 5,Beautiful cigar,"I'm a big fan of My father cigars. Flor de Las Antillas has been my go to since its debut.
The Maduro is just icing on the cake."
Flor de las Antillas Maduro,5 out of 5,Another home run by My Father,"Slightly bolder than the traditional Flor de Las Antillas. Could easily become my new 'Go to"" cigar."
Flor de las Antillas Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,"I was expecting a good stick, but this turned out to be a Great Stick. Smooth, full body and even burn, down to my fingertips. Will buy them again."
Flor de las Antillas Maduro,5 out of 5,Flor de las Antillas Maduro Toro,Smooth and flavorful. Burns nicely and long. Another great My Father selection!
Flor de las Antillas Maduro,5 out of 5,Great maduro smoke,Always consistent medium to full flavor. Burns even and has great flavor. Nice switch from the natural toro
Flor de las Antillas Maduro,5 out of 5,Brilliant cigars!,"My new favorite, I’ll keep ordering them as long as they can stick’em!"
Flor de las Antillas Maduro,5 out of 5,Best overall smoke. My Father,Best overall smoke. My Father brand is excellent!
Flor de las Antillas Maduro,5 out of 5,Best Cigar,My Father out Did itself with this cigar!! A must Smoke!!!
Flor de las Antillas Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Another excellent cigar from My Father Cigars
Flor de las Antillas Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar for the money,Excellent cigar for the money
Flor de las Antillas Maduro,5 out of 5,Perfecto,Flor de las Antillas Maduro are delicious!
Flor de las Antillas Maduro,5 out of 5,Maduro nut.,"I've been wanting to try these for awhile so picked up one in Hamburg store. As a big fan of the orig Flor, and a maduro fan as well, not sure what took me so long! Excellent construction (of course), perfect blend with a touch of spice, ideal strength (for me)... decent price point. Love it!"
Flor de las Antillas Maduro,1 out of 5,The maduro version doesn't cut it,"MY CIGAR BUDDY AND I BOTH AGREE THAT WE LOVE THE REGULAR TORO GRANDE, BUT THE MADURO VERSION JUST ISN'T GOOD AT ALL. UNFORTUNATELY, I HAVE MORE OF THEM TO SMOKE OR TOSS. WHAT A SHAME..."
Flor de las Antillas Maduro,5 out of 5,great stick !!!,This is a very good stick.it is well blended and smooth
Flor de las Antillas Maduro,5 out of 5,Fantastic cigar!,Fantastic cigar from first light. Full but not overpowering. Smooth smoke all the way down to the nub. Highly recommended!
Flor de Oliva Corojo,3 out of 5,Good everyday midday smoke. not,Good everyday midday smoke. not too strong not too mild
Flor de Oliva Corojo,3 out of 5,Burn about 1in before a,Burn about 1in before a hole appears in center. Have to cut another 1in off and then try to smoke rest.
Flor de Oliva Corojo,4 out of 5,This is a good every,This is a good every day cigar. Well wrapped and smokes even. Would be hard to find a better cigar at this price.
Flor de Oliva Corojo,4 out of 5,DAY TRIPPER,"Tasty little stick well worth the price. Oliva doesn't know how to make a bad cigar and I have come to trust the name without a doubt. nice cedar and spice ed toast aroma. PERFECT DRAW, 1 in white/grey ash and a straight burn line. 2nd stage is nuts and cedar light pepper at around 30 min in. The draw gets smoother to a medium finish of pepper and mahogany. No dried fruits and no cream these stories hit the daytime smoke niche."
Flor de Oliva Corojo,5 out of 5,Great smoke for the price.,Excellent value.
Flor de Oliva Gold,5 out of 5,Great mild cigar,This is the perfect smoke when doing yard work or working in the garage. You can't beat the price. I will be ordering more
Flor de Oliva Gold,5 out of 5,Flor de Olivia Gold,"Light, easy smoke. Consistent quality. Inexpensive but a good smoke."
Flor de Oliva Gold,4 out of 5,Good for a quick smoke.,Good for a quick smoke. He cuts them in half.
Flor de Oliva Gold,5 out of 5,nice burning mild cigar right,nice burning mild cigar right to the end
Flor de Oliva Gold,5 out of 5,Good Value,Good Value
Flor de Oliva Gold,4 out of 5,Gold standard for the Golf course.,Over the 5 or more years the quality went downhill. Some of the cigars are hard to draw and stay lit.
Flor de Oliva Gold,4 out of 5,My go to cigar,"Tastes great, mild taste, and flows well."
Flor de Oliva Gold,5 out of 5,Oliva Golds,"Nice mild cigar, plenty of flavor and nice on the wallet! This is my ""go to"" everyday cigar"
Flor de Oliva Gold,4 out of 5,Mild & enjoyable,Good value priced
Flor de Oliva Gold,3 out of 5,Ok if you can let them mellow.,"Pretty much unsmokeable right out of the bundle, after 2 months in the humidor they are ok for smoking while out mowing the lawn."
Flor de Oliva Gold,5 out of 5,Excellent,Very smooth Connecticut.
Flor de Oliva Gold,5 out of 5,Good Quality,Would Buy More if they were not that expensive.
Flor de Oliva Gold,4 out of 5,Surprise,"More like 3 1/2,but for price not bad."
Flor de Oliva Gold,4 out of 5,GOOD SHIPPING AND SEERVICE.,CIGARS ARE GOOD AND THE PRICE WAS GOOD///
Flor de Oliva Gold,5 out of 5,Very good,Very good
Flor de Oliva Gold,5 out of 5,Good cigar,Bought as gift for my son. Would do this only if at least a good cigar.
Flor de Oliva Gold,5 out of 5,set back and enjoy,set back and enjoy
Flor de Oliva Gold,4 out of 5,Fleur de Olivia,Great value cigar
Flor de Oliva Gold,4 out of 5,Great cost for the money,Great cost for the money
Flor de Oliva Gold,4 out of 5,Flor de Oliva,Good every day cigar.
Flor de Oliva Gold,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Flor de Oliva Gold,5 out of 5,Best cigar for the money,Best cigar for the money
Flor de Oliva Gold,5 out of 5,Every day smoke,Excellent cigar
Flor de Oliva Gold,4 out of 5,Everyday winner,Great everyday cigar. Perfect on the golf course. Draw and burn are as good or better than many more expensive smokes.
Flor de Oliva Gold,3 out of 5,Flour de O'liva Gold Churchill,Good value for the price
Flor de Oliva Gold,4 out of 5,Nice every day smoke. Flora Oliva Gold,"Decent burn, nice Connecticut wrapper."
Flor de Oliva Gold,4 out of 5,Good all around cigar. Reasonable,Good all around cigar. Reasonable price for an everyday smoke.
Flor de Oliva Gold,3 out of 5,My Oliva Experienc,"I had expected maybe more. OK mild stick, but draws a little tight and flavor is missing."
Flor de Oliva Gold,5 out of 5,Gold,Not as good as the natural
Flor de Oliva Gold,4 out of 5,great mild cigars that I,great mild cigars that I can smoke all day at reasonable price. major problem is length of time between order and delivery.
Flor de Oliva Gold,5 out of 5,Great smoke for the price,Great smoke for the price
Flor de Oliva Gold,4 out of 5,Flor de Olivia Gold,A really good daily smoke. I keep going back to it..Not too strong and not too mild. Just like Goldilocks would like!
Flor de Oliva Gold,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,Great and inexpensive cigar. Burns smooth and mellow. I will definitely buy again!
Flor de Oliva Gold,1 out of 5,Poor draw,"Very disappointed in these. I had tried the torpedos previously and was happy with them, a good value. This time I tried the toros, it’s a size I like, but had only 3 or 4 that drew properly. And draw is the number one thing for me to enjoy a cigar. If you’re struggling to draw smoke, it’s not enjoyable."
Flor de Oliva Gold,5 out of 5,FLOR de Oliva,... this cigar bundle is always true. Good flavor. Good draw. Good to pass on to someone. GREAT CIGAR! great price too !
Flor de Oliva Gold,5 out of 5,Flor de Oliva Gold,Great tasting cigar at a reasonable price.
Flor de Oliva Gold,4 out of 5,good cigar for the price,good cigar for the price
Flor de Oliva Gold,5 out of 5,Good Smoke,"I like these cigars because:
Are affordable
good burn
good draw
even burn
I have a limited budget and these cigars are good for me."
Flor de Oliva Gold,3 out of 5,Good but...,They came to me dry. The tip falls apart for example when cut off. I hope the others moisten up over the next few weeks.
Flor de Oliva Gold,5 out of 5,Flor de Oliva Gold,"This cigar was recommended from a friend, and let me say that this cigar was the best that I have had. Nice smooth taste, nice even burn, my wife even enjoyed the aroma of the cigar. I give it a 10. Goes great with a 12 year scotch. Burn on."
Flor de Oliva Gold,4 out of 5,Olivia Gold,Ok cigar for the money.
Flor de Oliva Gold,4 out of 5,Oliva,"Great value, I will be ordering again soon."
Flor de Oliva Gold,4 out of 5,Flor de olivia,Great value . I will order again.
Flor de Oliva Gold,1 out of 5,OMG,"Bad choice, strong, leaves a bitter after taste"
Flor de Oliva Gold,4 out of 5,Great smoke for the money,This is a go to stick for a smooth well made cigar at an exceptional value
Flor de Oliva Gold,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,For an inexpensive cigar these are one of my favorites. I enjoy them on the golf course....when I just want a nice smoke while swinging the clubs.
Flor de Oliva Gold,5 out of 5,Flor de Oliva,What's the 40% price increase!
Flor de Oliva Gold,4 out of 5,Flor de Oliva,Nice construction and even burn. An apparent recent price increase does take away from it being a good deal.
Flor de Oliva Gold,5 out of 5,Florida oliva,For the dollar a good value. Smoke softly and burn nicely. A nice mild cigar!
Flor de Oliva Gold,5 out of 5,Great for the price,A nice even burn and good taste.
Flor de Oliva Maduro,4 out of 5,budget stick,Very good cigar for the price
Flor de Oliva Maduro,5 out of 5,2 Thumbs up,"My everyday smoke, would put them up against some of the more expensive cigars anyday. Can't beat the bundle price."
Flor de Oliva Maduro,3 out of 5,Has a Lil bite.,Has a Lil bite.
Flor de Oliva Maduro,1 out of 5,Olivia Flor de Olivia,Good cigar and service was good
Flor de Oliva Maduro,5 out of 5,Best everyday smoke value,"Been smoking them for years, love them. Maduro torpedo, this is more on the medium style. Great smoke at a great price!"
Flor de Oliva Maduro,3 out of 5,"Still a good stick BUT,,,","Still a good stick BUT,,, I use these as a chewing stick. The last three bundles I have purchased have had pieces and parts of tobacco along with the long leaf. It's not as rewarding as it once was. It's still a good smoking stick though."
Flor de Oliva Maduro,5 out of 5,Good stuff!,"Surprisingly good. I thought these would be some less than good Olivia's but they were very good and great for during the week smoking. I save the premium Oliva's for the weekend as a treat. However, these are really good and well worth the money!"
Flor de Oliva Maduro,5 out of 5,Good cigar at an affordable price,"Oliva family came up with a good one here. The Maduro has a nice aroma to it, with hints of chocolate. Cigar really burns well. Although the price has risen in the last few years, it's still a pretty good deal, a good yard or golf cigar that goes well with a glass of Jameson!"
Flor de Oliva Maduro,4 out of 5,my favorite regular cigar,my favorite regular cigar
Flor de Oliva Maduro,4 out of 5,Good every day smoke!,Good every day smoke!
Flor de Oliva Maduro,5 out of 5,Great every day smoke,"Too many years now but these are my go to’s. Day in and day out they do not disappoint.
Thank you, Oliva for this line"
Flor de Oliva Maduro,5 out of 5,I buy flor de oliva,I buy flor de oliva in Maduro and natural torpedos. Same quality construction and taste as all oliva cigars. Enjoyable to smoke anytime!
Flor de Oliva Maduro,5 out of 5,Good product......Excellent service.,Good product......Excellent service.
Flor de Oliva Maduro,4 out of 5,A good smoke,They have become my favorite. Well towards medium on the mild-medium scale flavor wise.
Flor de Oliva Maduro,5 out of 5,not a bad cigar,not a bad cigar
Flor de Oliva Maduro,4 out of 5,A good smoke for a reasonable price.,"I tried these for the first time and they where nice easy draw, not harsh, but have body. i say a good buy."
Flor de Oliva Maduro,5 out of 5,like my goatee,"I have sported a goatee since my service in the Navy. This stick is in my mouth on a daily basis. Love the flavor, even burn and price of this staple cigar"
Flor de Oliva Maduro,5 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
Flor de Oliva Maduro,3 out of 5,flor de oliva,I much rather smoke just the robusto than the robusto maduro. But it would have been back order. To me for a every day smoke you can't get a better stick for the price. The flor de oliva robusto I would give 5 stars
Flor de Oliva Maduro,1 out of 5,Every single cigar tight. Don't,Every single cigar tight. Don't draw even after reaming.
Flor de Oliva Maduro,3 out of 5,Rating 3 1/2 stars,They are good but I prefer the natural wrapper but they been on backorder for so long I ordered these as a replacement.
Flor de Oliva Maduro,3 out of 5,Only So So,Ie had purchased these many times ar my local cigar store and enjoyed thoroughly. When I bought online at least every other one burned unevenly and all were bitter
Flor de Oliva Maduro,2 out of 5,Not what it used to be,"I always liked the consistency that Flor de Oliva provided even at the low price point. However, this bundle has been a disappointment. Even after a few weeks in the humidor to give them time to rest every second stick does not draw right. Taste is also off, some even to the point of tasting bitter. I will probably give them another try and buy another bundle, hoping that this one was a bad batch."
Flor de Oliva Maduro,5 out of 5,Raising the bar on the Oliva Flor de Oliva -- Maduro,"I've ordered more Flor de Olivas than any other cigar. Usually when I smoke I'm handing out cigars to friends and co-workers -- and the like them as much as I do! I appreciate a good smoke I can share with others that won't break the bank. I don't do maduros that often, but I enjoy these 'cuz they have good flavor, nice burn, and good quality. I wouldn't mind smoking one right now!"
Flor de Oliva Maduro,5 out of 5,Not bad for the price,Good smoke. They burn well and even. Just a good daily smoker.
Flor de Oliva Maduro,4 out of 5,Great golf course cigar,"Only cigar I smoke while golfing. Burn evenly ,even when it's windy."
Flor de Oliva Maduro,1 out of 5,Not Good!,"Usually these are very good. The last two bundles have been like wood. No draw at all, I have thrown out 15 of 20 and that makes this an Expensive low quality Cigar."
Flor de Oliva Maduro,3 out of 5,Great everyday smoke,Not a luxury cigar by any means but..... good working man’s everyday golf course or walk in the park smoke.
Flor de Oliva Maduro,5 out of 5,good,good cigars!!
Flor de Oliva Maduro,5 out of 5,Dark Maduro Flavor,"It's got a nice simple dark rich flavor. Weather you go with the natural or the maduro, you can't go wrong with these beautiful long filler bundle cigars"
Flor de Oliva Maduro,5 out of 5,Flor de Oliva Torpedo Maduro,"Arrived on time and in great shape. One of my favorite sticks, and my son's favorite. Half of them went to him. Two happy campers."
Flor de Oliva Maduro,5 out of 5,typical Oliva product.,"As one of the first cigars Oliva ever produced. Still tight wrap, good draw, not to strong for beginning smokers."
Flor de Oliva Maduro,5 out of 5,Great for the price.,A very nice cigar a real nice even burn.
Flor de Oliva Maduro,5 out of 5,"Oliva Flor de Oliva Torpedo - Maduro,",Excellent value . A low cost beauty and good smoke...Sal
Flor de Oliva Maduro,5 out of 5,CIGARS,The person i bought them for had no complaints .
Flor de Oliva Maduro,5 out of 5,Hard to beat for the,Hard to beat for the money
Flor de Oliva Maduro,5 out of 5,Real tasty!,Sweet and spicy medium strength cigar. good construction. very fresh. great value.
Flor de Oliva Maduro,5 out of 5,Very good cigar,Very good cigar
Flor de Oliva Maduro,5 out of 5,Try It You Will Like This Baby,Man what a Cigar!! Flavor is scrumptuous. I have tried other sticks and always come back to Flor de Oliva. It is almost like a Casa Fernandez JFR Cigar. This baby is tops for me.
Flor de Oliva Maduro,1 out of 5,Like smokin a branch,"Impossible to get this cigar to draw. I have had Flor De Olivas for yrs, and highly recommended them, this batch is not pleasant, please contact me and get me a different batch."
Flor de Oliva Maduro,3 out of 5,They are fine for the,They are fine for the price.
Flor de Oliva Maduro,4 out of 5,My go to cigar.,"These are a great smoke for the price. A flavorful medium bodied cigar that burns well.
I splurge once in awhile on more expensive cigars. However my humidor always has a stock of Flor de Olivia's in it."
Flor de Oliva Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Cigar for the money,"If you like a strong Maduro cigar this one is for you. Not much money for a bundle of cigars. These hold up and don't unravel like the super cheap cigars.
I get about 1 hour of smoking time when sitting on the porch after dinner.
The Oliva family does it right, You cant go wrong."
Flor de Oliva Maduro,2 out of 5,A good Waste of money,"Very poor cigar, I have been smoking cigars for ages, this garbage is a complete waste of money,. it burns fine, the taste is dry and harsh."
Flor de Oliva Maduro,3 out of 5,"Good cigar, but hit or miss","Pretty good cigar, but it's sometimes hit or miss on it being a really good cigar or one that should have stayed in the pack. I could also do without the sweet, sugary initial taste, but that's what Oliva intended, so it is what it is."
Flor de Oliva Maduro,5 out of 5,Smooth cigar with some teeth,Smooth cigar with some teeth
Flor de Oliva Maduro,5 out of 5,Outstanding flavor and value!,Outstanding flavor and value!
Flor de Oliva Maduro,2 out of 5,Oliva Maduro Versus regular Oliva,I tried the Maduro as a test. Didn't like it.I've been smoking Oliva Flor de Oliva for many years. I like that sweetness that you get when you first take the cigar to your lips.Don't get that with the maduro.Also many more cigars are plugged in the maduro versus the standard O. Flor de Oliva. Cheers!!
Flor de Oliva Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent Golf Course Cigar,"These cigars, for the price, is the best cigar when your on the course and you set them aside to hit a shot. They burn smoothly and don't ash out. I have been smoking these for over 10 years.
Now the Oliva G or Perdomo are my cocktail and sitting back favorite."
Flor de Oliva Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smokes!,"Oliva Flor de Oliva cigars are well-built and have a good taste, excellent for the prioe."
Flor de San Andres Black by Rocky Patel,4 out of 5,Good late night smoke.,Good late night smoke.
Flor de San Andres Black by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,San Andres Black by RP,Great smoke at a great price in make me an offer. I prefer the white but only offered in torpedo. One of my favorites by the RP brand & now my friend is hooked on them.
Flor de San Andres Black by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,Best of the best,The absolute best cigars I've had! Super smooth start to finish!
Flor de San Andres Black by Rocky Patel,4 out of 5,Flor de San Andres Black by Rocky Patel Robusto,"Smooth, best Rocky Patel i have smoked so far."
Flor de San Andres Black by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,9 holer,"My favorite 9 hole cigar, awesome. Lasts the entire round."
Flor de San Andres Black by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,Like them very much.,Like them very much.
Flor de San Andres Black by Rocky Patel,3 out of 5,Good Smoke,these are good smokes had a bit of a pro lemon keeping them lit after the first 3rd.
Flor de San Andres Black by Rocky Patel,4 out of 5,Smooth,Great burn-smooth was impressed with price point
Flor de San Andres Black by Rocky Patel,4 out of 5,Smooth,"Very good , no bite wonderful smoke I recommend this one to all smokees"
Flor de San Andres Black by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,Like the skull,Great burn and love box press. Nice taste
Flor de San Andres Black by Rocky Patel,4 out of 5,Smooth even smoke,Great smoke. Even burn and delicious. Dry earth and chocolate. Smoked even all the way to the nub. Minor imperfections in the wrapper
Flor de San Andres by Rocky Patel,4 out of 5,"Dark, earthy smoke","Big fan of Rocky Patel Decade, this is an earthier tasty smoke."
Flor de San Andres by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,Really nice,"I enjoyed the flavor and really nice draw , will get these for sure again!!!!!"
Flor de San Andres by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,Tastes great,Boxed pressed makes for a nice draw a feel between your teeth.
Flor de San Andres by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,Money,Probably one of my favorites by Rocky Patel besides my Ray Lewis joints. Awesome cigar
Flor de San Andres by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,Very smooth flavor.,Very smooth flavor.
Flor de San Andres by Rocky Patel,4 out of 5,rocky rocks,always a good smoke smooth getting another box
Flor de San Andres by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,Solid cigar,"Solid cigar. Well made, smooth burning stick. Good flavor with a bit of spice. Definite reorder..."
Flor de San Andres by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,"A medium/full bodied cigar, smooth & great flavor. No heavy after taste. Very nice cigar!"
Flor de San Andres by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,Great cigar!!!,I have ordered the Toro and Robusto cigars. I will say great smoke! I have shared with friends and fellow smokers and have gotten nothing but compliments. Very smooth cigar with a good scent. Will definitely buy more. One of my new favorite cigars.
Flor de San Andres by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,good stick !,This Co. always gets it right how about a free sampler pack of these ? something to think about huh!
Flor de San Andres by Rocky Patel,3 out of 5,RP San Andreas,average stick - nothing distinguishing - nice artwork
Flor de San Andres by Rocky Patel,4 out of 5,"Love the cigars, the free","Love the cigars, the free cutter is not large enough to cut the cigars it came with. Someone wasn’t paying attention."
Flor de San Andres by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,Great cigar,An enjoyable cigar. Paired it with Tequila and it went great!
Flor de San Andres by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,"Fantastic and delicious smoke, worth","Fantastic and delicious smoke, worth every penny and I will purchase them again, GREAT SLOW EVEN BURN, LOTS OF NOTES OF SPICE AND SWEET ESSENCE OF THAT SAN ANDREAS LEAF IS JUST RIGHT ."
Flor de San Andres by Rocky Patel,4 out of 5,good choice,nice burn
Flor de San Andres by Rocky Patel,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Nice even burning smoke. Great for an evening after a good steak. Bourbon and a good smoke what a great pair.
Flor de San Andres by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,San Andreas,Good smoke all throughout. I’ll get another box when I’m done with this one
Flor de San Andres by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,great cigar,i enjoy these at every opportunity
Flor de San Andres by Rocky Patel,4 out of 5,Flor De. San Andres,A very enjoyable maduro from start to finish
Flor de San Andres by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,👍🏼,👍🏼
Flor de San Andres by Rocky Patel,4 out of 5,Rocky Patel fan,"I am new to smoking cigars, but have discovered I'm a Rocky Patel fan. I have discovered there are cigars I don't ever want to smoke again, my favorites, and those I can enjoy regardless. Flor de San Andres is one I can smoke whenever it is available and know it will be a good smoke."
Flor de San Andres by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,"Great cigar, nice flavor, good","Great cigar, nice flavor, good even smoke."
Flor de San Andres by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,Rocky Patel,Nice and smooth. Mild taste..good even for a noob smoker like me.
Flor de San Andres by Rocky Patel,3 out of 5,Nice cigar,I’m sure this is a fine cigar if you want something more full vs medium bodied. It was just too strong for my dainty taste buds. It burned evenly with a nice draw.
Flor de San Andres by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Another great smoke from Rocky Patel. Can’t go wrong with this one.
Flor de San Andres by Rocky Patel,4 out of 5,Rocky Rocky ROCKY !!!,"RP Decades is by Dr my favorite cigar outside of a good Maduro. I saw these and bought a box. I lit one up about 20 minutes after the UPS truck drove away. This cigar is a bit more spicy than I thought it would be. Not in a bad way though. I found the flavor peaks about halfway through.( I got the 6.5 x52.) Since I started smoking without conditioning it at all. It did have some uneven burn a few times. For the most part it is a really good cigar.
Also ..this is the third box I have bought from CI. As fresh as it can get .. Keep up the good work CI"
Flor de San Andres by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,My favorite RP yet!,"Been smoking Rocky Patel for years so had no doubt this would be a good smoke but was surprised by how much I liked it. Medium body, consistent construction, even burn, nice draw and ash. Black pepper and cumin. Will buy as long as supplies last. Highly recommend."
Flor de San Andres by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,Quality Made & Good Flavor,"I was pleasantly surprised by this cigar. Great quality roll, burn, draw, and smoke. All the things you expect from a premium cigar done well. No issues with the light or pull, good construction. The flavor was good, not too strong, but still present. Will order again."
Flor de San Andres by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,Outstanding and Different,These cigars are a bit different than most RP offerings. They are a bit more mild than most but that’s not to say they sacrifice flavor or quality. And don’t mistake them for a mild smoke based on this comment. They fall somewhere in the middle. Enjoy!
Flor de San Andres by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,Very nice,"Flor de San Andres cigars are very consistent in regards to roll quality and strength. They are very affordable, as well."
Flor de San Andres by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,tastey,a outstanding smoke!!!
Flor de San Andres by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,"buy it, its good","buy it, its good"
Flor de San Andres by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,Rocky,"Never really have a problem with Rocky's cigars, once in a while sure. These so far are nice, lot of pepper, nice burn and good draw. Worth a shot I think"
Flor de San Andres by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,Good,Good
Flor de San Andres by Rocky Patel,4 out of 5,Nice cigar for the price,Nice cigar for the price
Flor de San Andres by Rocky Patel,4 out of 5,Good. Not great.,Smooth draw. Just a little too loose wrapped for my liking
Flor de San Andres by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,Really nice smoke,"These were a great medium smoke. Nice burn, nice draw. Flavor was on point. Smooth, not too spicy."
Flor de San Andres by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,A new favorite,"This smoke has almost everything I like in a cigar. It is a torpedo, cuban square rolled, good draw, heavy white smoke, and a nice ash. Not too heavy so I can smoke them all day. The only thing that would make them perfect for me is a 54 instread of a 52 ring."
Flor de San Andres by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,San Andres,"Good value, excellent quality."
Flor de San Andres by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,Super bargain,Huge Rocky fan Great price for a person on a fixed income
Flor de San Andres by Rocky Patel,4 out of 5,Cigar International cigars are the,Cigar International cigars are the best.
Flor de San Andres by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,Outstanding everyday smokes,"These sticks are excellent — well-made, even burn, big volumes of smoke. I ordered a box as soon as I tried ‘em. Superb and great value."
Flor de San Andres by Rocky Patel,4 out of 5,Spicy smoke,"I'm a bid Rocky Patel fan, Flor de San Andres is a spicy smoke, good to the end. Wrapper burns unevenly. Love the Label. Homage to Greatful Dead."
Flor de San Andres by Rocky Patel,4 out of 5,Good smoke but arrived dry,"I received these beauties a few weeks ago and noticed they were dry upon arrival. I placed them in my humidor for a couple weeks and pulled one out just the other day. When I cut the cap, I noticed it was a little dry and the cutting loosened a bit of the wrap. I went ahead and smoked it. It was a very good. flavorful smoke with an even burn and draw. I'm going to let them sit another couple of weeks before trying again but I'm looking forward to the next one."
Flor de San Andres by Rocky Patel,3 out of 5,Nice cigar for the price,Nice cigar for the price
Flor de San Andres by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,Flor de san andres by rocky patel,Its a good cigar .it has dood draw like all rockys do.its a delicious cigar
Flor de San Andres by Rocky Patel,3 out of 5,Too peppery but size is,Too peppery but size is good.
Flor de San Andres by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,Rocky does it again,"Taste great, burns well, a great smoke"
Flor de San Andres by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,Great,Very nice and easy smoke
Flor de San Andres by Rocky Patel,5 out of 5,Goto smoke,Good cigar. Very consistent smoke burns well with good flavor.
Flor del Todo,4 out of 5,"A solid ""daily"" smoke..","My ""go to"" everyday cigar.. No shiny smooth oily outer wrapper - just a plain, adequately constructed one.. You might run into a bad draw once in a hundred.. but generally, a solid somke.."
Flor del Todo,5 out of 5,Best quality for your hard earned money. Just buy it and you will see.,"Excellent smoke. Smooth and tasty. Quality made every day cigar. Loved the flavor, wrapper and the burn. Buy this product now and keep buying it, share with your friends and get them to buy this product. Let's support this stick."
Flor del Todo,4 out of 5,Smoking,"I stopped ordering these a few years ago because of the inconsistent construction, draw, burn and flavor.
I ordered some a few months ago and was pleasantly surprised, great little gar with nice a draw, even burn, white ash/smoke and cider flavor..
Leave them in your humidor for a few months and you should be a happy smoker..
I just ordered 80 more.. Smoke On !"
Flor del Todo,4 out of 5,Mark Twain would have bought this cigar,"This cigar gets 4 stars for price/vs/value. Mark Twain was a constant cigar smoker who remarked that the cheaper cigars were the best...well, that applies to this cigar. I smoke the Colorado wrapper either the corona or the toro, and have been smoking 'em for a long time. I try other ""everyday"" cigars, but keep coming back to this one. It's got a good blend of tobaccos, wrapped in an inexpensive wrapper and binder. Yes, it's a mixture of long and short fillers. Hey...what you expect for the price? The cigar has changed slightly over the years...the wrapper used to be better in my humble opinion. Once in a bundle you'll hit a wrapper that unwraps. Or a uneven burn. But for the most part the construction is consistent. But for a guy like me, retired and on a budget, and smokes daily, this is the best ""everyday"" cigar I can buy."
Flor del Todo,4 out of 5,Burn Hot!,"They are OK. I got some sticks that I could not draw through due to being packed to tight, and they burn hot. They are OK I guess foe people with the time to smoke them,"
Flor del Todo,4 out of 5,Good cigar for $,A good everyday cigar. The flavor is a little on the weak side for my taste but by no means a deal breaker. Construction is good and burns well with good smoke. If you are a brand name smoker this might not be your cigar. For a Joe Sixpack it will be right down your ally.
Flor del Todo,4 out of 5,Decent Everyday Smoke,First time trying these cigars and they weren't too bad. I only had a few that were hard to draw on or where the binding was coming apart near the center while smoking. It had a good flavor and my friends said the aroma was pretty nice.
Flor del Todo,4 out of 5,Solid Day to day cigar!,"In my opinion, these are he best every day cigars there are. I only gave 4 stars because - hey - they aren't Drew Estates.. But they are a solid, reasonably pried stick that smokes really well. I have been tricked into some ""specials"" from CI and thought they would be better - buy NOOOOO These are my go to favorites!"
Flor del Todo,4 out of 5,Good Cigar for a Great Price,"I have been smoking these for years now.. They are my ""go to"" cigars. Every now and then, I'll get enticed by an email promo from CI about some bargain cigar and I'll go for it, and just about every time I say ""I shoulda bought the Flor del Todos"" Good cigar for a great price. I went for 4 stars because.. really.. these are bargain cigars, not Romeo & Julietas.. But a good solid day to day cigar.."
Flor del Todo,3 out of 5,Not For Me,This is not a rave but rage review. The price is great and the flavor isn't bad but that's the only good thing I can say about this cigar. I think over the years I've only written a couple of reviews that were bad. I try to find the good of most things. I don't believe that these are made with long fillers but remnants (short fillers) of tobacco from their top of the line brands. I say this because as I smoke it I have to constantly knock off the ash after only 1/4 inch of ash is made and consequently falls in my lap. I found that 40 out of 40 cigars smoked had canoeing problems. Some so severe that I had to cut the cigar in half just to get it even. The cap that they put on is way to short. It doesn't go far enough down the head enough to prevent unraveling. I use a punch cutter on all my cigars with flat or rounded heads so I don't get those unraveling problems. It doesn't help in this situation. About half way through the smoke the cap comes loose and the head begins to fall apart and unravels. At that point I'm constantly spitting out shards and bits of tobacco. What you end up with is a pile of shards of tobacco that you would need a pipe to smoke.
Flor del Todo,5 out of 5,excellent product for the price,I've tried the #4's and liked the flavor but they didn't last long enough so i tried the toro size. Excellent choice and the same great flavor as the smaller size.
Flor del Todo,5 out of 5,ALLways great,ALLways great
Flor del Todo,3 out of 5,Not bad for everyday smoke!,"Not bad for everyday smoke. There are some inconsistency. But I can't ask for perfection for the price.
Thanks"
Flor del Todo,4 out of 5,Not a bad smoke for,Not a bad smoke for the money. Good for a daily smoke. I would definitely order again.
Flor del Todo,4 out of 5,Decent smoke,"I'll be getting these again, good construction, good taste and a little tight. Nothing a draw poker can't fix. I'm going to try the toro size next."
Flor del Todo,3 out of 5,Nice smoke.,inconsistent draw
Flor del Todo,2 out of 5,Flor del todo,Dry as a bone!!
Flor del Todo,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke. Very smooth
Flor del Todo,3 out of 5,Good smoke,"Rolled to tight to smoke
Not cured correctly"
Flor del Todo,5 out of 5,A man's everyday cigar,these cigars are made for an everyday cigar smoking guy. the price is right and the cigars are good.
Flor del Todo,5 out of 5,Very good,Very good
Flor del Todo,3 out of 5,Good Value Cigar,"This is surprisingly good for the price, especially since I am not looking to (always) splurge on the high-priced sticks."
Flor del Todo,4 out of 5,Best 2fer deal there is.,very good everyday medium smoke has a sort of allspice flavor.
Flor del Todo,4 out of 5,Great everday Cigar,"At least my 4th purchase of the Todo, but my first in Maduro. Great everyday cigar"
Flor del Todo,3 out of 5,Burning Uneven,Beside the fact that every cigar burned uneven the taste became a little bitter about three quarters of the way down.
Flor del Todo,5 out of 5,Great!,"Love this as an everyday cigar, well made and burns well. Great buy!"
Flor del Todo,3 out of 5,My New Daily Choice,It is a good value for an everyday cigar
Flor del Todo,5 out of 5,Flor del todo Churchill maduro,Great consistent cigar. All good.
Flor del Todo,5 out of 5,Flor del Todo,"Well made smaller cigar. Even burn, good draw, firmly packed, with a mild flavor. Great knock around smoke."
Flor del Todo,5 out of 5,flor del toro are a,flor del toro are a good daily smoking cigar
Flor del Todo,2 out of 5,Ehh....not impressed.,"Many are too tight - have little draw and wrapper falls apart - always have 3 on hand because that about what it takes to find a good one. Price point is ok, but poor quality."
Flor del Todo,4 out of 5,Flor del Todo #4 Especial Maduro - A good cigar for the money,"A good everyday cigar at a good price. Mild and enjoyable. I'd buy 'em again. Its no La Aurora Ruby, but I have no complaints with them for the price."
Flor del Todo,5 out of 5,Cigars for my Husband,He loves the flavor of these cigars!
Flor del Todo,4 out of 5,Good knock around,Good knock around smoke. Burn well decent flavor. Sizes seem to run smaller that others but still good
Flor del Todo,5 out of 5,A really good every day smoke.,I have smoked these for years but had to switch to another brand a while back because they were perpetually back ordered. Glad to see them in stock now so I can enjoy them again.
Flor del Todo,5 out of 5,Flor del todo,I always get a bundle of these and I am never disappointed.
Flor del Todo,3 out of 5,So-So,The quality of this cigar OK but they weren't consistent. Some would be smooth and easy smoking others might be harsh and burn unevenly. I think I'll try to find a daily smoke that provides a more repeatable smoke.
Flor del Todo,3 out of 5,Just fair!,Just fair!
Flor del Todo,5 out of 5,Great Cigar!,"Like my cigars, excellent flavors! But, your organization sent me a cigar lighter as a incentive gift. It does not work, how do I send it back to you, I have no use for a new broken lighter."
Flor del Todo,1 out of 5,Very poor taste and burn,These taste terrible and never burn evenly maybe the worst cigars I've ever smoked
Flor del Todo,4 out of 5,Good alternative to cigarillos and has a Maduro wrapper version for sale as well. Small size and good flavor.,"I've purchased these from this site before and before Maduro wrappers became a ""sometimes"" type of cigar, I had enjoyed and even treased each of the generous bundle available. They're not perfectly rolled, but are offered in a smaller size which I had used in ways similar to cigarillos. A 20 minute smoke or less was good and tossing them prematurely isn't a big deal due to the large amount that will barely fit in humidor packed with other brands. I enjoyed these and the Corona sized as well. Great to knock around with, tear off the band and smoke away. It's smoother than anything you'd expect in this price range for the amount r in one big bundle. They lasted over a month and I had, again, used them as cigarillos or cigarettes. I bought a 3-cigar humidor portable case for this reason. Cigarette smokers I know would go outside and have a chemical tiny thing and I had a corona while tossing hald in the ash tray for use within a short period after in the Big Neptune by Craftsman which is a big 4-cigar black ceramic and wilver lined edge ashtray. Anyway, these need an Xtar V-cutter unless you want to accidentally slice off the entire cap and have the stick unravel. I did this 7 times or so. The draw is good enough for v-cuts, not punches. Get these at the Especial size for a smart cigarillo replacement. A cigarillo bunch or tins cost way more with usually American or cruddy tobacco. Of course a real cigar Maduro will be better than a cigarillo that most could afford."
Flor del Todo,5 out of 5,Surprisingly good,"Lighter, and a good 30 minute smoke. Well made, a great value."
Flor del Todo,3 out of 5,Flor del Todo,Not bad cigar I like the smaller size’s better
Flor del Todo,4 out of 5,Good cigars for all day or any time of day smoking.,"Believe it or not, these cigars are great Humidor fillers. I like the smaller ring and 5.5"" coronas which I didn't find to be strong as some other comparable stogies are since I would smoke 4 per day on average. I wanted quantity over quality and ended up with both. If you want a good 2-fer, I suggest grabbing these babies."
Flor del Todo,5 out of 5,"Mellow, economical everyday cigar",Best small torpedo I've had. Easy draw. Tasty with little heat. Great price with two-fer deal.
Flor del Todo,4 out of 5,good cigars anngood price,good cigars anngood price
Flor del Todo,1 out of 5,"Poor smoke, flavor, burn and","Poor smoke, flavor, burn and draw poor."
Flor del Todo,3 out of 5,So So This Time,I've smoked Flor del Toro for many years as an everyday smoke. I've always been very pleased but the bundles I just received were very dried out and not as well constructed it seemed. I may wait a while to try these again.
Flor del Todo,4 out of 5,Everyday smoke,Not bad for a buck.
Flor del Todo,5 out of 5,"A good everyday cigar,priced great","A good everyday cigar,priced great"
Flores y Rodriguez 10th Ann. Reserva Limitada,5 out of 5,Pleasant surprise,This is one creamy tasting cigar man a must try.
Flores y Rodriguez 10th Ann. Reserva Limitada,5 out of 5,Excellence!,"The Flores y Rodriguez Reserva Limitada 10th Anniversary Cigar is everything exquisite! It's complex, but never overbearing, from its beautiful Habano Ecuador wrapper and unique Olor binder from the Dominican Republic. Its filler is an intricately blended mix the finest tobaccos from the Jalapa Valley of Nicaragua, enhanced with seven-year old Piloto Cubano leaf - combined this adds up to a ultra-pleasant natural tobacco sweetness! Leather, clove, spiced rum, sweet cedar and touches of citrus and caramelized pear for a very uniquely played flavor profile set to a refined creaminess throughout this medium-bodied cigar. This limited anniversary cigar smokes like sipping a fine wine, subtle details come alive to set the Reserva Limitada apart from the rest to celebrate a wonderful history of the passion, dedication, and the artistry of cigars."
Flores y Rodriguez Connecticut Valley Reserve,5 out of 5,Quality at every turn.,"For my palate this is fantastic. Construction is spot on, burning white ash dimes. Flavor is spicy with a cocoa and raisin coming through. Nice right roll, but easy draw. These always will have a place in my humidor."
Fonseca,5 out of 5,Quality and arrived early!,"Quality cigars and arrived in such a timely manner!
Will definitely order these again!"
Fonseca,5 out of 5,Fonseca 10-10 Review,"Smooth taste, good even burn!"
Fonseca,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Not sure why these are not considered some of the best out there. They are consistent and smooth and always have a place in my humidor!
Fonseca,1 out of 5,Formerly a great cigar,"Still well constructed, but now harsh-tasting. Too bad - used to be one of my favorite cigars."
Fonseca,2 out of 5,disappointed but not surprised,"bought these on a whim, mostly because I like this size of smoke. I had seen multiple reviews on different sites, and these were highly varying. My impression is that the draw and burn reasonably well, but lack any depth of flavor and have a bit of a harsh bite. To be clear, these are not awful, but cannot compare to my favorite RP Decade. Will not buy again."
Fonseca,5 out of 5,Great,"Mild, a touch of spice, consistent"
Fonseca,4 out of 5,They are a little stronger,They are a little stronger than the fonseca’s I have had for years. This may be due to the new manfacturer
Fonseca,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"I have smoked these on and off for years they are always a great smoke. Very mild, smooth cigar. Some reviews complained that they didn't burn well, the ones I got burned nicely all the way down."
Fonseca,2 out of 5,Inconsistent Flavor,Three out of five are really good smokes. Unfortunately the other two are bitter. Guess its a quality control issue.
Fonseca,5 out of 5,Favorite smoke,Favorite smoke
Fonseca,5 out of 5,Love Fonseca,Fonseca is a very difficult cigar to find. I have been smoking them for almost 15 years. To find them at such an amazing price was a great surprise. You have one very satisfied customer!
Fonseca,5 out of 5,Fonseca 8-9-8 Really Great smoke,If you like a mild cigar but with a lot of flavor then you can't go wrong with the Fonseca 8-9-8. I love the 10-10s also when I have time for a longer smoke.
Fonseca,5 out of 5,I love my Fonseca very,I love my Fonseca very mild
Fonseca,5 out of 5,Best Buy in the catalog,"As a relatively new smoker I have tried over 60 mild to medium cigars at all price ranges - most higher priced then these- looking for the right blend of taste and mildness. I have found the Fonsecas to be the best at any price. Easy to light, lots of smoke, easy draw , well constructed and consistent with nofunky aftertaste. Great in the morning or after a meal. My search is over these are excellent cigars at a great price."
Fonseca,5 out of 5,A true treasure,"The 8-9-8 is a true treasure. I have found it to be consistently well made and packed with toast and cream flavor stick after stick. When I want a mild smoke, this is my hands down choice."
Fonseca,5 out of 5,Love 'em...,"I've only been smoking for 5 years or so, but the 5-50 is one of my favorites. I've tried many different cigars, from mild to full bodied and this is one of the ones I come back to and purchase frequently."
Fonseca,5 out of 5,Best cigar at any price,I have been smoking cigars for 25 years and the Fonseca 5-50 in my opinion is the best cigar out there and I have smoked just about every cigar there is. I think I'll go smoke one right now!
Fonseca Cubano Limitado,5 out of 5,My favorite smoke.,I’ve been smoking these for a couple of years now. I first saw them in my local cigar store & the oily look on the wrapper enticed. I picked up a few & was hooked. Medium to full... I tried others I thought might match but kept coming back for more until my shop ran out. I was absolutely delighted that IC carried them at a better price!
Four Kicks Mule Kick LE 2018,4 out of 5,The mule kicked,"Good robust smoke, first one was excellent however 3 of the next 5 have inconsistent burns otherwise an very good smoke."
Four Kicks Mule Kick LE 2018,5 out of 5,Four kicks Mule Kick 2018,"One of my top 5 sticks! Finished off one box already, got a second one cooking!!!"
Four Kicks Mule Kick LE 2018,4 out of 5,Nice smokes great price!,Nice smokes great price!
Four Kicks Mule Kick LE 2018,5 out of 5,Love them,Love them
Fratello,5 out of 5,Fantastic smoke!,I love Fratello cigars. They are definitely my go to smoke. Great burn and lots of flavor.
Fratello Navetta,4 out of 5,Happy,Happy
Fratello Oro,5 out of 5,fratello oro,"i got 5 in a sampler deal, very good smoke and i want more. nice and mild all around."
Fratello Oro,5 out of 5,Super easy draw and stays,Super easy draw and stays firm to finish. Nice ash. Flavor description is spot on. Good price point.
Fratello Oro,3 out of 5,Ring size,"Ring size smaller than I thought,little too strong for me."
Fratello Oro,4 out of 5,Very nice!,"Great burn, light, and creamy finish. I enjoy this stick."
Fratello Oro,5 out of 5,Unexpected Tasty Surprise!,"I had no expectations regarding this cigar. I only tried it because it came in my Cigar of the Month Club shipment. Boy, was I surprised! It looks mild and the write up indicated mild. Normally, I prefer a medium to full bodied smoke that is light on the pepper and ligero.
Well, this gem started out extremely mild. Almost too mild. However, by the halfway point, it was delivering loads of thick, chewy, sweet, creamy smoke! If there was such a thing as a powerful, vanilla cream smoke, this would be it! It was extremely tasty, right down to the nub. It burned cool and evenly. The draw was excellent!
Both of the two in my Cigar of the Month Club were perfect! I then ordered another five pack. They have all been perfect! I am ordering a box of robustos and a box of torpedos next. What a great smoke!!"
Fratello Oro,5 out of 5,Great light cigar,"Very smooth smoke. Burns great, draw is great."
Fratello Oro,4 out of 5,Light and creamy,Very light and creamy smoke. Excellent construction and burn. Very nice!
Free Cuba,5 out of 5,Phantastico! Forget about Handelsgold or Wilde Havanas from Hofnaar!,"This flatchested A cup lady bandarola is funny by itself. We used the bundle big one to re-inact Natcho Libre's wrestling match during the CV-19 lockdown last months. Early April I stocked up on time and the morning after breakfast smoke was a delight!
Great bang for the buck, even es mentioned in other comments, they burn uneven and sometimes need a restart. Enjoy!"
Free Cuba,4 out of 5,Don’t know what headline is,Very good
Free Cuba,5 out of 5,Free Cuba Churchill cigar,This cigar starts out a bit harsh. As I smoke it it becomes much more mellow and a great cigar for the price. There are fruit notes and some cream and Wood notes. Some are so tight they are hard to smoke but for the price I choose another one and I would smoke it and it would be great. Nice draw nice smoke very pleasant. A great every day cigar
Free Cuba,4 out of 5,Best bargan out there,Very good cigar. Well made burns well and a really mellow smoke.
Free Cuba,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Free Cuba,4 out of 5,Best Smoke for the Price,Best smoke for the price I have had. Smooth and medium bodied. Only issue is that a couple of cigars from each shipment may burn unevenly or be hard to draw unless re-punched or cut during smoking.
Free Cuba,5 out of 5,30 day Marinate,"Agree with Paul W's review! Buy them, let them marinate in your Humi at least a month, 2 months is better and you'll not likely experience the negative reviews of bitterness and cracking, smoke them on day of arrival and poor reviews will prove accurate. I've found 60 days in the Humi at 75-80% humidity softens the harshness in flavor and tightness of draw."
Free Cuba,5 out of 5,gario,"smooth, pleasant, lasts a good length of time."
Free Cuba,1 out of 5,pass on these,they are terrible. they burn weird. And half of them had a very hard draw.
Free Cuba,3 out of 5,Bitter,I really struggled to give them a 3 all 4 I have tried are bitter. Evan back blowing does not help much. Slight uneven burn.if I had my choice for a good cheap cigar I still would choose the factory rejects sweet Churchill. But if you want to hand them out tell them it is a bitter smoke or it may turn them from smoking cigars
Free Cuba,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar smooth great price.
Free Cuba,4 out of 5,Great filler or for a party.,"Ordered these for my wedding for the Bulk price. Didnt get a chance to smoke one, but only heard good things about them"
Free Cuba,5 out of 5,free cuba,very good working cigar
Free Cuba,5 out of 5,Free cuba,Great deal for the money. Most are great smokes
Free Cuba,5 out of 5,FREE CUBA BEST KEPT SECRETE,GREAT!
Free Cuba,3 out of 5,mediocre smoke,"not a bad smoke, but left an aftertaste. Won't be buying these again."
Free Cuba,2 out of 5,Not A very Good Deal,I have to say these are tasty cigars. However this is no deal as I had to throw upwards of one-third of them away because they would not draw at all. They are poorly made and no matter how cheap they are any cigar that won't smoke is no good to anyone at any price.....
Free Cuba,3 out of 5,Not my favorite,After reading all the positive reviews I ordered a couple of bundles. Didn't care much for this brand and found these smokes rather bland. Wrapper not very tasty but they did have a good burn and draw. I will go on to try and find something else in the same price range with a bit more flavor.
Free Cuba,4 out of 5,A Surprisingly Pretty Decent Cigar,"I was a bit skeptical because of the price and 2-fer deal. But being ever in the quest to find a good cheapo every-day smoke, I went ahead and ordered a couple bundles of these Free Cuba toro sticks. And, thankfully I was not disappointed. Nothing extraordinary here - just a decent all-around smoke. I have about 20 marinating in my humidor as I type this. The second stick I smoked was a bit tightly wrapped by the ring, but with a little manipulation I was soon able to get big, even draws. So far they all have been burning pretty nicely, and I have a large enough stash to last me a long, long time. Check 'em out! Nice, mellow med-mild flavor. All in all, a pretty decent smoke for the price."
Free Cuba,3 out of 5,"Too much quality variation. Random burn, random taste, random cracking.","50/50 mix of good and downright poor. 1/3rd of the way into a bundle, and some wont burn, some taste horrible, and some are good and smooth. As much as I like the price, and have some buddies who enjoy them on the good days, I cant say I will be buying more."
Free Cuba,2 out of 5,Think two or three times before making this order...,"These might be fine in a pinch, but they are off of my list for now. First batch wasn't bad, but the second batch burned bitterly and unevenly. Last resort....buy cheap, get cheap."
Free Cuba,4 out of 5,The price is right,These burn very even and hold an ash well. A great every day cigar for a great value. Not the tastiest cigar I've ever had but the price is right
Free Cuba,5 out of 5,Love Free Cubas!,"Excellent smoke, good burn, a pleasure to smoke."
Free Cuba,2 out of 5,Not as good as they,Not as good as they used to be.
Free Cuba,5 out of 5,Great everyday,Great everyday
Free Cuba,4 out of 5,Excellent Choice,"These are the perfect knock around cigars, They burn and draw very evenly. Great taste and perfect draw."
Free Cuba,5 out of 5,smooth smoke great taste,great cigar for it's price draws nice and great taste
Free Cuba,5 out of 5,Fantastic for the price,"The Free Cuba Robustos are the perfect ""golf cigar"". You're not sitting around to enjoy them, a lot of their burn is sitting in the cart, so you don't want to spend a fortune on that type of cigar. These have a good mild taste, the burn is good (they don't go out) and the price is great! I highly recommend."
Free Cuba,4 out of 5,Excellent value,"Excellent value. On my 2nd bundle. When I was really busy, my first bundle got shoved to the back of the humidor. Found them after years in the humidor ... Excellent. Mild smokes. Won't bowl you over with big flavor, but they are tasty. The first quarter is a bit light, but flavor builds after that. Sweet undertones. Good volumes of smoke; good ash. I bought a 3rd bundle to age in the humidor. Fresh out of the shipping box can yield some harsh puffs, but a little time in the humidor does wonders. Great for everyday; budget friendly."
Free Cuba,5 out of 5,Review,Graet shipping KEEP IT UP!
Free Cuba,2 out of 5,The taste and smell were,The taste and smell were terrible.
Free Cuba,5 out of 5,Free Cuba Toro,A pleasant smoke most of the way but gets harsh at the end . If you stop at the band area you'll be real happy with the smoke.
Free Cuba,4 out of 5,Free Cuba,"Great everyday, yard work type cigar."
Free Cuba,2 out of 5,Hard,Cigar hard to smoke...
Free Cuba,5 out of 5,great,great
Free Cuba,5 out of 5,Great Everyday Smokes,These cigars burn well and taste good.
Free Cuba,4 out of 5,Great smoke for the price,Great everyday cigar
Free Cuba,5 out of 5,Great every day cigars,Great every day cigars
Free Cuba,5 out of 5,One of the best values out there,Don't want to say to much as I'm afraid the price will go up. Best Value for a torpedo out there. Free Cuba makes a good smoke period
Free Cuba,5 out of 5,Great Bargain,"I hesitate to tell you how much I enjoy Free Cuba Churchill, lest you raise the price for these really good cheapies. They are my favorite for the golf course and/or my daily walks."
Free Cuba,5 out of 5,My New Fave!,And what to my wondering eye should appear....but this great value and a terrific smoke. One of my new faves!
Free Cuba,5 out of 5,"Great price, good smoke!","Couldn't believe how good these sticks were! They were so good, I went back for more, but they were sold out. Now, I'm back again, checking to see what available. Great price, good stogie. Can't ask for more."
Free Cuba,5 out of 5,Good cigars great prices for,Good cigars great prices for a long smoke. Thanks
Free Cuba,4 out of 5,New to the cigar world,"I was an occasional smoker, but now have 1-2 a week. Free Cuba is a really quality cigar. I think it's a lot better than some 8-12 dollar cigars I've had in the past. I was turned on to Free Cuba by my wife's uncle down the cape."
Free Cuba,5 out of 5,1 everyday,"Great even burn, value you can not beat for the price"
Free Cuba,5 out of 5,Free CUBA REVIEW,I enjoy the mild flavor and easy draw of the Free Cuba cigars. The two-fee offer is a great deal and I will take advantage of this offer in the future.
Free Cuba,4 out of 5,"Some work, some don't.","Some of these cigars smoke good, but others don't. The burning of the cigar varies, I guess due to the fillers used. I will continue to smoke these."
Free Cuba,3 out of 5,never without them,cant beat them for the price great for every day always have 20 or more on hand one cigar im never without
Free Cuba,5 out of 5,"vary good and smooth, shipping","vary good and smooth, shipping was really fast"
Free Cuba,4 out of 5,I am buying again!,"Very nice everyday smoke, good burn and draw, pleasant favor. For the price you cannot go wrong, I will buy again..."
Free Cuba Maduro,4 out of 5,it's a good cigar for,it's a good cigar for the price.
Free Cuba Maduro,4 out of 5,Great Cigar For The Price,Overall very happy. Occasionally the burn isn't so good.
Free Cuba Maduro,4 out of 5,Scott D.,"For the price, can't beat them. Nice even draw, good flavor. I have paid more for cigars that are not near as good. Good everyday smoke, and to share with your poker buddies."
Free Cuba Maduro,4 out of 5,Free Cuba Maduro,"The Maduro version is only slightly fuller flavor than the original. Not as much difference in color or flavor as you might hope for. Still, this is a bargain smoke and I never feel disappointed."
Free Cuba Maduro,4 out of 5,Not bad for a cheap,Not bad for a cheap smoke
Free Cuba Maduro,4 out of 5,Good smoke for the money,Good smoke for the money better other cigars in this price range
Free Cuba Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Smoke!,"This is a great cigar! It is a good smoke,very well made. It is on the lighter side of a maduro but full of flavor! THE LAST TIME i DID A REVIEW THEY SOLD OUT!"
Fuente Fuente Opus X Lost City,5 out of 5,Excellence!,Another great cigar from the Fuentes!/Great size and taste/Nothing better!!
Fuente Fuente Opus X Lost City,5 out of 5,Wow !!!,Absolute very smooth cigar from the first to the last puff. Just became my #1 cigar and will always be in my humidor.
Fuente Fuente Opus X Lost City,5 out of 5,excellent as always,excellent as always
Fuente Fuente Opus X Lost City,5 out of 5,Money Well Spent!,"After watching ""The Last Dance"" I was very excited to try a premium stick. So I searched all over the net and found this brand. Fuente brand has a lot of history but this particular line dates back to their history. I purchased this one and then watched the documentary on YouTube and that made this smoke more enjoyable. While drawing smoke I was just thinking of the history of the brand and all of the obstacles that this company made it through to provide quality to their customers. By far the best cigar that I have ever had well worth the money and I will make sure my wife gets me a box for every holiday that I can..."
Fuente Fuente Opus X Lost City,5 out of 5,Opus X Lost City,Smooth to the end. Awsome.
Fuente Fuente Opus X Lost City,3 out of 5,Opus X Lost City Double Robusto,Had an even draw but did not burn evenly. Had to use lighter to even the burn. Very mild bland flavor for a cigar that is described as bold. Packaging is impressive that includes a humidity envelope. I believe the packaging is much better than the cigars. The cigars are not worth the money.
Fuente Fuente Opus X Lost City,5 out of 5,Thoroughly Enjoysble Smoke,"This well made cigar had a perfect draw and an even burn. I expected it to be a stronger smoke but it had a delicious flavor from start to finish. I find that I smoke this cigar, unlike many others, until I can barely hold it between my fingers. This cigar is as close to perfection as I’ve ever smoked"
Fuente Fuente Opus X Lost City,5 out of 5,OpusX for the special occasion,Great cigar for a meeting of friends that all enjoyed. Even burn with white ash.
Fuente Fuente Opus X Lost City,5 out of 5,Excellent texture and humidity.,These cigars arrived promptly and I opened them the day of their arrival. Great humid level. The went straight into the cigar room humidifier. Thank you for prompt shipping and packing.
Fuente Fuente Opus X Lost City,4 out of 5,OPUS X,PERFECT FOR AFTER DINNER
Fuente Fuente Opus X Lost City,5 out of 5,Great Job,Great cigars and great selection
Fuente Fuente Opus X Lost City,5 out of 5,Fuente Fuente Opus X Lost City Double Robusto,The above CIGAR IS MY CHOICE TO SMOKE WHEN I WISH TO SMOKE A PREMIUM CIGAR
Fuente Fuente Opus X Lost City,5 out of 5,Opus x lost city,Great cigars my husband loved them and price was good and delivery was fast give you guys a 5 star
Fuente Fuente Opus X Lost City,2 out of 5,Not Satisfied,"I am very disappointed with the cigar. For a medium to bold cigar, compared to many other cigars out there, the Lost City has no flavor. I have purchased many different cigars that have a much better flavor, for a much lower price. The presentation is great, the stick is not worth the money."
Fuente Fuente Opus X Lost City,5 out of 5,Great Buy,I ordered. I received the cigars in three days!!! Great Company!!!
Fuente Fuente Opus X Lost City,5 out of 5,Lost city,Perfect smoke!
Fuente Fuente Opus X Lost City,5 out of 5,Great Smoke!,"Better than I expected. Took longer than I was told to receive, but what a great smoke!"
Fuente Fuente Opus X Lost City,5 out of 5,Excellent quality cigars! Thank you,Excellent quality cigars! Thank you very much!
Fuente Fuente Opus X Lost City,5 out of 5,Lost City,It's an Opus X- nuff said
Fuente Fuente Opus X Lost City,5 out of 5,Always an great smoke,"The Opus X is one of my favorite cigars. Bought a box for the holiday get togethers and everyone thought they were possibly the best cigar they ever had. Smooth, creamy and an ash that wil not fall off! For special occasions this is my go-to cigar"
G.A.R. by George Rico,4 out of 5,Not bad,Not bad
G.A.R. by George Rico,4 out of 5,Smooth Rich and complex,Awesome bargain cigar
G.A.R. by George Rico,5 out of 5,I don't find high-priced cigars,"I don't find high-priced cigars any better than the lower priced ones I buy, such
as the GAR cigars I buy. I had some Cuban origin cigars on a business trip to China (China is still okay with Havana) and they were good, but no better than the GAR's. I know I will probably be beaten to death with a humidor for saying so, but it is true. Same with wine. I took a month long back packing trip to France when I was younger, and the wine there was no better than the wines made in California."
G.A.R. by George Rico,5 out of 5,cigar review,CIGARS WERE VERY GOOD
G.A.R. by George Rico,4 out of 5,Lots of Flavor,The GAR robusto is good. Burn and draw were fine. Burns even. Full body yet very smooth. Lots of nice flavors. I tasted tangy coffee with toasty nuttiness and spice. Worth trying.
G.A.R. by George Rico,1 out of 5,Iz a No Good,"These cigars were awful. The construction was good, I hated the flavor."
G.A.R. by George Rico,2 out of 5,Not the GARS I knew,"A few years ago I enjoyed GAR. These are not the same cigar - loose roll, slightly sour, sideways burn. Disappointing."
G.A.R. by George Rico,5 out of 5,good daily cigar,smokes well and true with mild flavor. This my second order and I will order again.
G.A.R. by George Rico,4 out of 5,GAR Cigars?,Could the artist's initials be more apropos? Taste sticks I smoked well beyond the ring. I've yet to find the bitter end... Cheap at twice the price!
G.A.R. by George Rico,5 out of 5,First orders,Great cigars
G.A.R. by George Rico,5 out of 5,Fantastic cigar,This is a treat. From an easy draw to lots of smoke to nice burn this is a must try!
G.A.R. by George Rico,5 out of 5,Such,"Such a Rewarding Smoke I Reordered Two more Boxes..,"
G.A.R. by George Rico,3 out of 5,"Not Bad, Not Great.",Filler rather loose and a few in the box tasted harsh
G.A.R. by George Rico,4 out of 5,Very good cigar,"Medium strength, good draw and burn, tastes of coffee and cocoa. I would definitely purchase again."
G.A.R. by George Rico,3 out of 5,Average,Not quite what I was hoping for but an average everyday cigar. Worth the money.
G.A.R. by George Rico,3 out of 5,So far some just average,So far some just average and some didn't burn well at all.
G.A.R. by George Rico,3 out of 5,Fair,Fair
G.A.R. by George Rico,4 out of 5,Decent,G A R is a good everyday smoke...nice draw and good taste
G.A.R. by George Rico,5 out of 5,W GAR White SE Robusto Grande,Good cigar but not my Cup of Tea. I prefer real dark full flavor. My ability to taste has faltered over the years and I like the real spicy Dark wrappers.
G.A.R. by George Rico,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Certainly medium to heavy but not bad. Spicy.
G.A.R. by George Rico,2 out of 5,Decent for the price,"Good burn. Not tightly rolled but acceptable. Cover was veiny, taste was woodsy."
G.A.R. by George Rico,5 out of 5,A serious no BS Keeper,"I have to admit this is a solid tasty keeper for my Humi. Great construction
and burn. oily wrapperleaf, tastes like espresso and leather. Quality at a decent price..."
G.A.R. by George Rico,5 out of 5,G.A.R.,Great cigar. Well made smooth smoke very enjoyable.
G.A.R. by George Rico,5 out of 5,Very nice cigar,"Burns even, slow and long. Great flavor. Wish I would have bought a couple more bundles while they were on sale!"
Game Cigars by Garcia y Vega,4 out of 5,Garcia y Vega Game Palma Vanilla Corona Cigars,"Although this is a machine made cigar, it is a great every day smoker. You will get one or two that are too loosely rolled or too tightly rolled. The foil freshness wrapper is sometimes difficult to remove. But for just over a $1 per cigar, it has become my go to favorite for many years now. They are very light, mild and the vanilla taste and aroma is very good. Can't go wrong with this cigar."
Game Cigars by Garcia y Vega,5 out of 5,Game by Garcia y Vega,"I do enjoy this cigar Vanilla flavor is a pleasant experience, the mild taste is just right for me. I do highly recommend this cigar."
Game Cigars by Garcia y Vega,4 out of 5,2 days shipping,I've paid for 2 day shipping since I started buying larger scale and that doesn't seem to matter. I can pay extra all day long and it won't show up when I need it. I need to have accurate shipping and not be charged for something that doesn't exist. Such as 2 day shipping....
Game Cigars by Garcia y Vega,5 out of 5,My Favs !,Awesome ! Fast Delivery
Game Cigars by Garcia y Vega,4 out of 5,Good Smoke,Good fishing cigar.
Game Cigars by Garcia y Vega,5 out of 5,"Very sweet and flavorful, and","Very sweet and flavorful, and it's handy to have the hole already punched. These stay fresh in the foil and always burn evenly. Great value"
Game Cigars by Garcia y Vega,4 out of 5,Those are the cigars that,Those are the cigars that my husband smokes.And y'all are the only place i can find them.
Game Cigars by Garcia y Vega,5 out of 5,Nice product,Nice product
Game Cigars by Garcia y Vega,5 out of 5,Cigars,There more in taste in good then i expected
Game Cigars by Garcia y Vega,4 out of 5,Good,Good
Game Cigars by Garcia y Vega,4 out of 5,Not bad,Not bad
Game Cigars by Garcia y Vega,5 out of 5,My Husbands Fave,The packaging was not damaged in transportation. I continually buy them from here and I love the pricing.
Game Cigars by Garcia y Vega,5 out of 5,Perfect,Perfect
Game Cigars by Garcia y Vega,5 out of 5,Hit at the party.,People love the flavor of the cigar.
Game Cigars by Garcia y Vega,5 out of 5,"Garcia y Vega, Game: Palma - Vanilla.","Great and inexpensive everyday smokes. Used to pay four times the price for custom rolled vanilla smokes. These cigars are tasty and very light. Can't go wrong with these smokes, especially for the price."
Game Cigars by Garcia y Vega,5 out of 5,Good,Good
Game Cigars by Garcia y Vega,4 out of 5,Great (inexpensive)cigar for a machine,Great (inexpensive)cigar for a machine made.
Game Cigars by Garcia y Vega,5 out of 5,Best cigarillos out there,"Particularly like the green, super smooth...and cigars international has the best prices on them"
Game Cigars by Garcia y Vega,4 out of 5,Good simple cigar for a,"Good simple cigar for a quick smoke, burns well for a machine made cirgar"
Game Cigars by Garcia y Vega,5 out of 5,Very Satisfied,Ordering online is very easy and quick. Spoken to customer service on occasion and everyone is always friendly and very helpful! 5/5!
Game Cigars by Garcia y Vega,2 out of 5,Loose packed fast buring. Disapointed,Very loosely packed. Fast burning and hot tasting at the end. I was hoping for a better cigar. It looks like they put the money into the packaging instead of the cigar.
Game Cigars by Garcia y Vega,5 out of 5,Great cigars,Excellent cigars
Game Cigars by Garcia y Vega,5 out of 5,Great little cigars,"These are great cigars...smooth flavor without overkill. Really enjoyable as an after dinner treat out on the porch, driving the backroads or while fishing. CI had them at a reasonable price and they shipped in a timely fashion. Very satisfied repeat customer."
Game Cigars by Garcia y Vega,5 out of 5,great fresh value,"each one is foil wrapped to lock in freshness , even outside humidor! great taste, with no after-taste!"
Game Cigars by Garcia y Vega,5 out of 5,Bill,The best deals on Acid Cigars and fast shipping!
Game Cigars by Garcia y Vega,5 out of 5,👍,Always come fresh and on time
Game Cigars by Garcia y Vega,5 out of 5,Genuinely Surprised,I didn’t expect such a smooth flavorful smoke from these discount cigars. It’s hard to find a small candela. I’m very pleased.
Game Cigars by Garcia y Vega,4 out of 5,Nice and aromatic,These cigarillos are smooth and tasty nice draw and a hint of chocolate to them black and sweet are my new little friends. Lol
Game Cigars by Garcia y Vega,3 out of 5,It's ok,I just wish they offered more discounts with for this particular item.
Game Cigars by Garcia y Vega,1 out of 5,Terrible,"Too loosely roled, tip falls apart, nothing to say positive. Woulg not buy again."
Game Cigars by Garcia y Vega,5 out of 5,Loved them.,They were exactly what I wanted and they came in a promptly manner.
Game Cigars by Garcia y Vega,1 out of 5,Awful,"OMG...one of the worst I've ever smoked. I tried one and liked to fell over. Sent them all back for refund. Thought since they were on sale I would give them a try. Don't always like the big smokes and cigarillos are just right for that short one. What a mistake that was. I'll stick with what I like, and after that, I'll definitely pay more for the good smoke."
Game Cigars by Garcia y Vega,5 out of 5,Great flavor,"Out of all of the flavors, this one seems to hit the spot. Also, it burns slowly."
Game Cigars by Garcia y Vega,5 out of 5,perfect,"For that quick smoke, this little cigar has a very good taste and satisfies"
Game Cigars by Garcia y Vega,5 out of 5,The product arrived earlier than,The product arrived earlier than expected
Game Cigars by Garcia y Vega,5 out of 5,Not bad. OK taste. Good,Not bad. OK taste. Good draw
Game Cigars by Garcia y Vega,5 out of 5,great little smokes,"smooth, great flavor and packed just right."
Game Cigars by Garcia y Vega,5 out of 5,Garcia y Vega Game Palma - Vanilla. Best vanilla flavored cigar out there!,Great Every day smoke. Not expensive and all have a good draw on them. Can not find a better vanilla flavored cigar.
Game Cigars by Garcia y Vega,5 out of 5,Awesome cigar,My husband is very pleased with these cigars. He says most of his cigars burn up in just a half a day but these cigars are packed tightly enough that they burn all day.
Game Cigars by Garcia y Vega,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
Game Cigars by Garcia y Vega,5 out of 5,Perfect,Awesome
Game Cigars by Garcia y Vega,5 out of 5,my GVegas,I love the leaf of this cigar
Game Cigars by Garcia y Vega,4 out of 5,Dude,Easy smoke. Enjoyable cigar for price point.
Game Cigars by Garcia y Vega,5 out of 5,The Game cigarillo is the perfect knock-around smoke!,"If you don't mind machine made cigarillos and are looking for the perfect smoke for puttering around the yard or workin in the garage, The Game is for you. I have been smoking these for about 8 years now and have enjoyed many of their flavors, however, Vanilla (Blue) is their best in my opinion. They come in resealable foil packs so they always stay fresh and there is no need to store them in a humidor. I literally have packs everywhere, truck, garage, fishing gear, ect., so I am never without a smoke. I highly recommend them!"
Game Cigars by Garcia y Vega,5 out of 5,nice,thank u
Game Cigars by Garcia y Vega,5 out of 5,Great little cigar,Mid and not to big. Some cigars take to long to smoke.
Game Cigars by Garcia y Vega,5 out of 5,"The best, love it.","The best, love it."
Game Cigars by Garcia y Vega,3 out of 5,Better have a good lighter,"Taste great, but they won't stay lit. :("
Game Cigars by Garcia y Vega,5 out of 5,Great price.,Deliver took longer then expected but that was because of the post office. Wish I read the information better. Not the one I wanted but overall happy with the price
Game Cigars by Garcia y Vega,4 out of 5,Great Cigar!,"Fresh, well constructed, a great ""in between"" cigar or a light smoke for mowing the lawn."
Game Leaf by Garcia y Vega,3 out of 5,Get’s the job done,Get’s the job done
Game Leaf by Garcia y Vega,5 out of 5,Nice quick smoke,I like these because they are a nice quiet smoke when I don’t have a lot of time. Very mild and enjoyable
Game Leaf by Garcia y Vega,4 out of 5,Good,Good but could have been better!!
Game Leaf by Garcia y Vega,4 out of 5,Good Buy,It was all good good cigars just shipping was a little long other than that very happy
Game Leaf by Garcia y Vega,5 out of 5,"Fantastic bargain, but watch the ash drop!","Making a change from big to small cigars, tried these, delighted with them. A great smoke, very smooth. Only quibble is they drop ash on my clothes, I’ll have to be careful! Incredible value and I expect them to keep well without a humidor due to the wrapping. As always, CIs reviews and descriptions are honest, truthful and trustworthy."
Game Leaf by Garcia y Vega,5 out of 5,Great cigars,Smooth taste ang slow burn
Game Leaf by Garcia y Vega,4 out of 5,Returning Customer,Burn slow decent leaf expected more of a berry taste rather threw 2 boxes I would buy again.
Game Leaf by Garcia y Vega,5 out of 5,Awesome,Great cigar for a quick smoke. I like to have one of these when im done shoveling snow and want to relax a bit outside with a scotch.
Game Leaf by Garcia y Vega,5 out of 5,Good mild cigar,"Bought these for my husband, he loves them. Mild, easy cigar for a short smoke."
Game Leaf by Garcia y Vega,5 out of 5,Gameleaf natural,"Good cigarillo for the price .smooth,and natural leaf.thats what I like about them. The price is right on these Lil guys."
Game Leaf by Garcia y Vega,5 out of 5,Love these cigars,Love these cigars
Game Leaf by Garcia y Vega,3 out of 5,Game leaves,Some of the leaves were stale.
Game Leaf by Garcia y Vega,5 out of 5,Smooth cigar,I've tried quite a few cigar and these ones are my favorite.
Game Leaf by Garcia y Vega,5 out of 5,Great Value Great smoke,I recently tried these because the quality of backwoods has become so incredibly bad.A large percentage of them are un-smokeable because they are rolled too tightly or have holes. This smoke kicks ass. Everyone smokes perfectly and a they are a better value.
Game Leaf by Garcia y Vega,1 out of 5,I LOVE IT,The prices and freshness of all the game products is remarkable... I love it... I am definitely hooked.
Game Leaf by Garcia y Vega,1 out of 5,holey,When you unroll them little hole are in it that makes it hard to use to roll.
Game Leaf by Garcia y Vega,5 out of 5,Very nice and mild cigars,"Nice, mild cigars. Exactly what he wanted. Order shipped and arrived as stated. Will order again."
Game Leaf by Garcia y Vega,5 out of 5,If you like Backwoods. Buy these instead. Much better quality.,Consistent quality. Smooth not harsh. Much better than Backwoods which have been of very poor quality lately. I'm sticking with these. Just wish they had larger package quantity.
Garcia y Vega 1882,5 out of 5,What I have been looking,"What I have been looking for, a natural tasting cigar without the tuti fruti taste of the blunt rollers that most stores sell and at a decent price."
Garcia y Vega 1882,5 out of 5,Good,I was skeptical about this website After reading the reviews I decided to order and the shipping was fast
Garcia y Vega 1882,5 out of 5,1882,"Half the price of Backwoods, twice the quality. Highly recommend."
Garcia y Vega 1882,4 out of 5,Great price and cigar,Fast delivery too.
Garcia y Vega 1882,4 out of 5,Very good,Very good
Garcia y Vega 1882,4 out of 5,Always fresh,"Love the fact that the product is always fresh, my customers love that as well"
Garcia y Vega 1882,5 out of 5,Thank you,"As described, happy with purchase. Looking foward to more"
Garcia y Vega 1882,4 out of 5,1882,Love the flavor but the quality is not up to par. Some are packed to tight so they do not draw. Some are packed to loose so the wrap falls off. I switched to 1882 from the other popular brand several years ago just for this reason. Garcia Vega needs to step up to the quality of the cigars they used to provide.
Garcia y Vega 1882,2 out of 5,Not a backwood,"Many loosely wrapped cigars, holes in wrap. If your looking for something along the lines as a backwood, they tried here but has a different distinct taste to them especially half way through."
Garcia y Vega 1882,3 out of 5,Good but wasteful,The cigars are great I really like the flavor an aroma but I find the ends rolled way to tight. I can't get a draw off them at all unless I cut them in half an that's a big waste an then after I cut it I got to deal with it unrolling itself just letting y'all know. I been smoking my dad's backwoods just for this reason
Garcia y Vega 1882,3 out of 5,Good but wasteful,The cigars are great I really like the flavor an aroma but I find the ends rolled way to tight. I can't get a draw off them at all unless I cut them in half an that's a big waste an then after I cut it I got to deal with it unrolling itself just letting y'all know. I been smoking my dad's backwoods just for this reason
Garcia y Vega 1882,5 out of 5,Speedy Service ..... Quality Product,The cigars arrived a week ahead of schedule ...... And they are Amazing! My. New Go To! Thank You!
Garcia y Vega 1882,5 out of 5,Good option,These are a good option if you like the Backwoods brand. Nice and easy smoke.
Garcia y Vega 1882,4 out of 5,a bit stronger than I,a bit stronger than I expected.
Garcia y Vega 1882,5 out of 5,Half the price of Backwoods,Half the price of Backwoods and multiple times better quality.
Garcia y Vega 1882,5 out of 5,All good,All good
Garcia y Vega 1882,5 out of 5,Favorite cigar,The aroma is pleasant
Garcia y Vega 1882,2 out of 5,Decent but dry,"Decent cigarillos if you're looking for a backwood type with a little better deal. My main problem was they were all dry even after the gurentee ""foil fresh"" I had to open all the packages and put them in a humidor for a few days to start getting the moisture back."
Garcia y Vega 1882,5 out of 5,better then backwoods,"They are a better value for you money then backwoods, they taste better and cost less backwoods are over rated and there quality control lacks, there are always cigars in there packs that are shorter or broken this doesn't happen with Garcia Vega 1882 completely satisfied"
Garcia y Vega 1882,5 out of 5,Great Little Smoke!,"When I do not have the time to smoke a full size cigar, this is what I go to."
Garcia y Vega 1882,5 out of 5,Love the bourbon especially.,Love the bourbon especially.
Garcia y Vega 1882,5 out of 5,Great smokes. Fast shipping. Thanks,Great smokes. Fast shipping. Thanks CI
Garcia y Vega 1882,5 out of 5,Good,Good cheap cigars on the fo
Garcia y Vega 1882,5 out of 5,Good every-day cigar.,Good every-day cigar.
Garcia y Vega 1882,5 out of 5,Aromatic,They are pretty good but my favorite is still bourbon.
Garcia y Vega 1882,5 out of 5,Nice!,Nice mild and smooth enjoyable smoke!
Garcia y Vega 1882,5 out of 5,Great little cigar,The Garcia y Vega 1882 Honey Berry are a great short smoke with a wonderful light berry taste and smell. I highly recommend them when you want something quick and tasty.
Garcia y Vega 1882,5 out of 5,One of my favorite smokes.,Great little smokes these are better than Back woods all day thanks for a good smoke and a good price.
Garcia y Vega 1882,5 out of 5,Flavor is good but guality,Flavor is good but guality not so good. Tends to unwrap when you start but gets better about half way through the smoke.
Garcia y Vega 1882,5 out of 5,Flavor is good but guality,Flavor is good but guality not so good. Tends to unwrap when you start but gets better about half way through the smoke.
Garcia y Vega 1882,5 out of 5,"Great cigars, smokes better than","Great cigars, smokes better than backwoods"
Garcia y Vega 1882,3 out of 5,Backwoods,I usually get really good backwoods but the last two times I've ordered they have been dry and cracked none of them would work
Garcia y Vega 1882,5 out of 5,Tired of Continued Poor Quality of Backwoods,"Another former Backwoods smoker who got tired of increasingly poor quality of the product and having mine and thousands of customer complaints being ignored by the company. After several years of trying other brands, I find 1882 is a great alternative."
Garcia y Vega 1882,5 out of 5,Love these little cigars,"Best tasting cigar of all the mid size cigars I've ever tried, says compare to backwoods, but its much better. quick shipper!! Haven't had a damaged box yet, money is right, Best deal all around!!
Thanks CI,"
Garcia y Vega 1882,3 out of 5,garcia y vega 1882 honey berry cigars,I read some comments about the flavor being comparable to backwoods but i do not think there is any comparison
Garcia y Vega 1882,5 out of 5,It's always easy to deal,It's always easy to deal with CI. And the cigars arrive pretty quickly.
Garcia y Vega 1882,5 out of 5,Better than the other brand,1882's are MUCH better quality and half the local price of the other brand. Taste is equal to or better. Definitely a value packed cigar.
Garcia y Vega 1882,4 out of 5,Pretty good,Pretty good
Garcia y Vega 1882,3 out of 5,Honey Berry - Just OK,I think the Bourban flavor is much better and I will be ordering more of those. Backwoods Honey Berry is better and worth the price difference if really like Honey Berry.
Garcia y Vega 1882,5 out of 5,biker,these are great little cigars. just right for a smoke at the gas stop and break on a long ride. the price is also great @ 3 for 2.
Garcia y Vega 1882,5 out of 5,20 Minute Slightly Sweet Break,I smoke while my rice is cooking (50 minutes) for dinner. I need to start or flip the meat I am cooking on the stove after about 20 minutes. Perfect way to end the day. Not too sweet or harsh. I have tried all the other cigarillos and this is the best.
Garcia y Vega Cigars,5 out of 5,"A very good, mild cigar","A very good, mild cigar for an inexpensive cigar."
Garcia y Vega Cigars,4 out of 5,"Good value, nice size.","Nicely sized for the casual smoker this cigar has an even, slowish burn and mild medium taste. Some could be wrapped a little tighter but all in all a good value smoke. Will buy again"
Garcia y Vega Cigars,5 out of 5,Cigars,"Good buy, good cigars"
Garcia y Vega Cigars,4 out of 5,For the price these are,For the price these are a good cigar
Garcia y Vega Cigars,5 out of 5,Best cluck for a buck.,Love these things when I golf!
Garcia y Vega Cigars,5 out of 5,cigars,"I have been smoking Garcia Y Vega Gallantes for over 40 years, the same good smoke as always"
Garcia y Vega Cigars,5 out of 5,Very mild smoke....easy draw with,Very mild smoke....easy draw with an even burn. Individually wrapped and drilled (no clipping the end) is a convenient plus
Garcia y Vega Cigars,4 out of 5,good deal,nice for the price
Garcia y Vega Cigars,4 out of 5,Gallantes,"Nice smoke, but a few of them are oozing the dreaded tar. Will try clipping the end if it happens again. Mild but flavorful smoke."
Garcia y Vega Cigars,5 out of 5,"Price is right, cigars are","Price is right, cigars are fresh, shipping was as stated. Can’t ask for more than that. Thanks for the good service!"
Garcia y Vega Cigars,5 out of 5,Great little cigar!,"Tried many others and set on this one years ago. Not a full time or serious smoker,has a good taste and isn't harsh at all. Goes very well with beer and golf, doesn't improve my game as that's beyond repair. Well worth trying them!!"
Garcia y Vega Cigars,5 out of 5,good cigar!!,that's me
Garcia y Vega Cigars,5 out of 5,great smoke,great smoke
Garcia y Vega Cigars,4 out of 5,Whiffs,An OK smoke for cigar smokers who don't have time for a full stick.
Garcia y Vega Cigars,5 out of 5,excellent smoke,"excellent smoke, not too long"
Garcia y Vega Cigars,4 out of 5,g&v,GREAT
Garcia y Vega Cigars,4 out of 5,Nice smooth Cigar,To me its a nice smooth cigar and not too strong. Every once in awhile you come across one that is wrapped too tight for an easy draw
Garcia y Vega Cigars,5 out of 5,Happy,"These cigars are GREAT that i was getting shorter and bigger round ones that I would get, they each came in a plastic tube and you could get box of 50. I'm very happy with these once i get use to the length."
Garcia y Vega Cigars,2 out of 5,Cigars,The cigar was not what I expected. I should have taken a closer look at the size and type. The cigar was like a cigarette style cigar. But I did smoke them.
Garcia y Vega Cigars,4 out of 5,Great Value,Smooth draw with a good aroma at a good price.
Garcia y Vega Cigars,5 out of 5,Great basic guitar,Great basic guitar
Garcia y Vega Cigars,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"These are great little cigars, they don't last forever like some of the big boys but are very enjoyable for a quick smoke. Perfect for the golf course!"
Garcia y Vega Cigars,1 out of 5,"BAD BAD BAD""""""""""""""""""""""""""",I HAD TO PITCH 12 OF THESE BECAUSE THE ENDS WERE OPEN TOBACCO LAYING IN THE TUBE. THE OTHER 8 I HAD TO USE A ICE PICK SO I GET A DRAW.
Garcia y Vega Cigars,5 out of 5,Premium Machine made,"These are the best machine-mades I have ever tried. The Indonesian wrapper gives them a sweet spice flavor with hints of wood and pencil lead. Perfect match with my morning coffee. I highly recommend these to new cigar smokers, and fans of mild cigars. Good burn, draw, and construction. I would put them on par with many of the Dominican handmades I have tried over the years. Smooth, relaxing smoke that have enough flavor to smoke all day long without becoming boring to the palate. I have always received ""fresh"" GyV's from CI. If you have tried these from a store, chances are they were stale. At this price point, you owe it to yourself to try them fresh. If you don't like them, send them to me!"
Garcia y Vega Cigars,5 out of 5,Cigar Review,I have purchased cigars twice. I have received them within 3 days of ordering and they have always been fresh. A Plus to buy from CI is I am saving money.
Garcia y Vega Cigars,3 out of 5,Fair,These are a bit overpriced and were ordered as a substitute for Game Leaf Naturals which I much prefer and am having trouble finding. I will probably be ordering more until I an able to find Game Leaf Naturals.
Garcia y Vega Cigars,4 out of 5,"A long, short smoke","My grandfather occasionally smoked cigars, and when he did it was Garcia y Vega. This good tasting cigar is the perfect ""Between Acts"" cigar when you do not have much time. They arrived fresher than I can buy them in the stores."
Garcia y Vega Cigars,4 out of 5,garcia vega president,i gave them a 4 star rating because they satisfied. Although i prefer the corona somewhat better. Flavor and they are full and stay lit
Garcia y Vega Cigars,5 out of 5,Great Mild Smoke,"Great cigar for those who enjoy a mild cigar that doesn't overpower the senses.Very little flavor change from the time you light up to the time you put it out. For a mild cigar that doesn't bust your budget, this is an excellent choice."
Garcia y Vega Cigars,5 out of 5,Service,Excellent delivery time.
Garcia y Vega Cigars,5 out of 5,I like this type of,I like this type of cigar
Garcia y Vega Cigars,4 out of 5,G-V Elegantes,Good quick smoke which is why I bought them .
Garcia y Vega Cigars,5 out of 5,garcia,nice taste reasonable price
Garcia y Vega Cigars,4 out of 5,Garcia y Vega miniatures,"These cigars are usually pretty good. The only issue I have them is sometimes the wrappers are defective and stubborn to remove. An occasional plug but not often. Otherwise , a good buy."
Garcia y Vega Cigars,5 out of 5,Love these cigars,"I have always liked these cigars, I know they are not that expensive but I love the taste."
Garcia y Vega Cigars,2 out of 5,Garcia-Vegas Presidente,Light tasting cigars with little taste. Easy draw on these only redeeming factor.
Garcia y Vega Cigars,5 out of 5,Fresh and a great price,Fresh and a great price
Garcia y Vega Cigars,5 out of 5,Garci Vega Gallantes,My last two or three boxes were less than fresh. Bordering on stale
Garcia y Vega Cigars,5 out of 5,"great company, great deal on my favorite cigar","I've been buying these cigars from another company for years. Then CI had a sale on everything!! unheard of. The Garcia Vega's are never included in sales. So not only did I get a great deal, this company shipped them out the next day and I had them by the end of the week. I will continue to purchasing my cigars from CI."
Garcia y Vega Cigars,5 out of 5,I like the Garcia y Vega English Corona,A very mild smoke with a nice touch of flavor. Never gets harsh. I like the corona size for a everyday smoke that is great when you are actively working around the house or playing golf. Will certainly reorder.
Garcia y Vega Cigars,2 out of 5,Garcia Vega,"Very very mild, not much taste!"
Garcia y Vega Cigars,4 out of 5,Great little cigar with a great price!,"Garcia Y Vega Miniatures are a great little smoke. I have one now and then with a cup of coffee on the weekend! Perfect size for a short smoke, smooth taste and low odor."
Garcia y Vega Cigars,4 out of 5,Garcia Vega,Pretty good cigar for machine made. Good flavor and burn.
Garcia y Vega Cigars,4 out of 5,Corona,Nice easy draw
Garcia y Vega Cigars,5 out of 5,My Favorite and a suggestion,"I enjoy GyVG as a chewer. They work just fine. I have bought many, many boxes over the years. How about a program after one buys ""X"" boxes, they get one free? Could spurn business by keeping customers and reward loyal customers."
Garcia y Vega Cigars,5 out of 5,These cigar are the best,These cigar are the best
Garcia y Vega Cigars,5 out of 5,Garcia y Vega Miniatuares,"My husband's cigar of choice. We have ordered from CI twice, and service is prompt, shipment packaged well, cigars fresh."
Garcia y Vega Cigars,5 out of 5,Nice mild cigar,"I haven't tried a lot of cigars but out of the ones I have tried, I enjoy the Garcia y Vega Gallantes."
Garcia y Vega Cigars,5 out of 5,smoke on demand,"great convent smoke,"
Garcia y Vega Cigars,4 out of 5,ok for the $,"not bad for a quick smoke, not sure ill buy again."
General Grant,4 out of 5,A great 'routine' and workin' 'gar,"This is a good 'everyday', camp fire & scotch, or doing-work-around-the-yard, cigar."
General Grant,5 out of 5,economical go-to,my go-to for just an every day burn.
General Grant,5 out of 5,General Grant Corona,"great all around everyday Cigar, and love the box!"
General Grant,5 out of 5,Bigger count box for General Grant,"Great Cigar, wish they would come up with a 50/100 count box."
General Grant,3 out of 5,"Nice small cigar, with a really cool box","I think for the money, they were alright. They were rolled right and smoked good. The flavor was pretty strong and straight forward. If it was a General Lee, I'm sure it wouldn't have been so bitter. Haha"
General Grant,4 out of 5,Mini Cigar,Good little smoke
General Grant,4 out of 5,General Grant cigar,"Good 20-30 minute everyday smoke. Mellow, not bitter."
General Grant,5 out of 5,Quality & Inexpensive,I smoke the General Grant cigar when I need a quick smoke with good flavor!!
General Grant,5 out of 5,Ugly but beautiful,"I love these. These are my driving smokes, and helped me break my cigarette habit. I love them. They’re ugly but I find them beautiful"
General Grant,4 out of 5,General Grant cigars,They're great. A great cigar that is well worth the price. Also makes you feel like you're back in the old 1860's smoking one of these.
General Grant,5 out of 5,Great quick smoke!,My favorite cigar for the feel and taste of a larger longer smoke. Perfect when I just want a short escape from the world and enjoy a nice quick smoke without wasting a much more expensive cigar. They taste great for a mild cigar. I've bought them more than once and will buy again.
General Grant,4 out of 5,Good short smoke.,"Don't get to enjoy a cigar as I used to, but a short smoke now and again is OK."
General Grant,5 out of 5,General Grant Corona Cigars,"OK, they aren't much to write home about - there are far better cigars to smoke, but they are reasonably tasty and decent to smoke on the front porch or maybe in a golf cart. Very soft and ""swishy"" and they sure won't impress anyone, but they aren't bad. They aren't great, either, but not bad."
General Grant,5 out of 5,Good cheap smoke,Great little cigar on the cheap side. Excellent for grass cutting/yard work or just for a quick smoke.
General Grant,5 out of 5,Good stuff,"At first I thought they were a little too peppery, but either I'm used to them now or maybe it was just a one off.
I really enjoy these, this time of the year in Colorado, it's hard to find 2 hours at the end of the day to burn a 6x50 cigar, my favs ever are the original Foudndry series.
These fit the bill just right, I can have one on the patio and be back inside before it gets too cold.
I wish they'd stay in stock more."
General Grant,5 out of 5,General Grant,"In the past 8 years I have bot somewhere between 15 and 20 boxes of General Grant Corona, so what can I say, just a great little cigar, when you want to take a short break."
General Grant,5 out of 5,General Grants,smooth great taste easy draw
General Grant,3 out of 5,Inconsistent draw. Size is smaller,Inconsistent draw. Size is smaller than typical Corona. Flavor is good if you get a decent draw. Disappointed.
General Grant,4 out of 5,Surprisingly strong,Pretty solid daily cigar.
General Grant,5 out of 5,Handmade,Excellent and tasty cigar box. It quality made this cigar my preferred over others
General Grant,4 out of 5,Good if you like mild cigars,"Good cigars. A little to mild for my tastes, but if you do like mild cigars then General Grant Cigars are for you."
General Grant,3 out of 5,"Good flavor, hard draw",Cigars are good for when I am working but they can be hard to draw. Even using a wire to open them up sometimes doesn't help.
General Grant,4 out of 5,Good smoke,"Nice and mild and perfect for a smoke while you walk the dog, or the dog walks you. Depending on the size of your dog."
General Grant,4 out of 5,General Grants,"Nothing fancy here, but it is a nice little smoke when you don’t have a lot of time. I’ll smoke one on the way to work, or messing around in the yard."
General Grant,5 out of 5,The general,Good little quick smoke burns good
General Grant,3 out of 5,General grants,They were in OK cigar hard to stay lite at times wasn’t terrible but they’re not like my Bandido’s
General Grant,5 out of 5,Very good,Very good
General Grant,4 out of 5,"Nice cigar, a little small","Nice cigar, a little small for my taste..."
General Grant,3 out of 5,Short but sweet,Glad I took a chance on Grant. Medium cigar with hints of sweet flavor. Great for a short smoke and can't beat the price
General Grant,5 out of 5,Best short cigar I've found,Best short cigar I've found
General Grant,3 out of 5,General US grant cigar,Not a bad cigar even if he was us southerners biggest enemy at the time general grant was a brilliant leader and I can't think of a more fitting way to honor him
General Grant,4 out of 5,Good everyday smoke,Perfect for a cigar to share since it won’t break the bank. Earthy with a little spice.
General Grant,3 out of 5,Pretty harsh cigars,Pretty harsh cigars
General Grant,5 out of 5,general grant corona,Great everyday cigar/
General Grant,3 out of 5,General Grant,"They were not made very well. Not a bad taste but burn fast , don't last very long."
General Grant,5 out of 5,Good tasting. Mild cigar.,Good tasting. Mild cigar.
General Grant,4 out of 5,Pleasantly Surprised,"These cigars are way better-than I expected .
Bought them as a backyard smoke, and WoW was I surprised, really recommend them."
General Grant,5 out of 5,Great little smoke,I love these for working in the shop and want a quick smoke or any time you want a tasty cigar .
General Grant,5 out of 5,Great little smoke when time,Great little smoke when time is short.
General Grant,4 out of 5,There OK,Not my Favorite but good and cheap for a quick smoke. I would buy again
General Grant,5 out of 5,Great Quick Smoke,Are they a 95 rated smoke? No. Do they always burn even? No. Are they a good 10-15 minute smoke? Yes. They are great knock around everyday sticks that wont break the bank or break your heart if you hand a few out. I will definitely be ordering more before I run out!! Thanks guys!!
General Grant,4 out of 5,Good everyday cigars!,Good everyday cigars!
General Grant,2 out of 5,Not what I expected. Too,Not what I expected. Too strong
General Grant,5 out of 5,"General Grant, cigarillos 60 for 39 bucks","Great deal for my buddy, disappointing when out of stock, (backordered)"
General Grant,4 out of 5,Great cigar,Good cigar with a good beverage at the end of the day.
General Grant,3 out of 5,Almost measures up,"Good taste, short smoke. My measuring stick doesn't measure these to 5"" plus they have tapered end which makes them 1/4 shorter after nipping them. Nice box good burn good flavor just not big enough of a stick for me."
General Grant,5 out of 5,Gen. Grant,"Good smoke with good bourbon , Any time !!!"
General Grant,5 out of 5,Excellent inexpensive cigar,Excellent inexpensive cigar
General Grant,5 out of 5,General grant,"This is a good cigar for the price, and when you don't have the time to smoke a bigger cigar"
General Grant,5 out of 5,Excellent,"These are great! I love these little cigars. They’re not pretty, but the flavor is outstanding for the price"
Gerant's Golden Siesta,5 out of 5,A fine mellow cigar and affordable on a budget.,Thank you Gerant for making these truly awesome.
Gerant's Golden Siesta,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar,Excellent Cigar
Gerant's Golden Siesta,3 out of 5,A decent and affordable smoke.,A decent and affordable smoke. But if you like a robust and flavorful smoke I would recommend something else.
Gerant's Golden Siesta,5 out of 5,Very good cigar,"Good price, good cigar"
Gerant's Golden Siesta,4 out of 5,It’s a good smoke and,It’s a good smoke and doesn’t leave any aftertaste
Gerant's Golden Siesta,5 out of 5,The best cigar. The last,"The best cigar. The last order came up missing, UPS!"
Gerant's Golden Siesta,4 out of 5,A good and mild all,A good and mild all around smoke that won't break the bank.
Gerant's Golden Siesta,5 out of 5,VERY COOL CHOICE,"HOLY... WOW WOW! I LOVE these! I enjoy the slight ""sweet"" sorta ""AFTER"" taste on lips, aroma is GREAT! I like a smooth/medium... but these are a GREAT PURCHASE..I hope they REMAIN available every 2...maybe 3 weeks. I DIFFERENTLY DO recommend them!"
Gerant's Golden Siesta,5 out of 5,Good every day cigar,Good every day cigar
Gerant's Golden Siesta,4 out of 5,Good,Good
Gerant's Golden Siesta,3 out of 5,Good every day stick. Retired,"Good every day stick. Retired now, doing things outside with my stogie"
Gerant's Golden Siesta,4 out of 5,they were all right,they were all right
Gerant's Golden Siesta,5 out of 5,Smooth,"Like the smoothness, with a little bite"
Gerant's Golden Siesta,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar! Best value & most bang for the buck!,"Excellent Cigar! This is the best value and the most bang for the buck. This is my ""Go To"" morning cigar. I'm smoking one with my coffee right now."
Gerant's Golden Siesta,3 out of 5,Good cigar for the money,Good cigar for the money
Gerant's Golden Siesta,4 out of 5,Gerants,Nice for the price.
Gerant's Golden Siesta,4 out of 5,Extremely Good Every Day Cigar,I find the flavor very good and the body of the cigar holds up throughout the entire smoke. Easy ti lite and will stay lit for a very long time after it is put down.
Gerant's Golden Siesta,5 out of 5,Fine Cigar,Great price and smooth taste! Can't ask for more.
Gerant's Golden Siesta,4 out of 5,"Good cigar, Great value","Just finished my first Grand Siesta.
Enjoyed it all the way to the end. I lean towards the milder cigars, so this one was just right. Firm, even burn and maintained good flavor. Did not get overwhelming at the finish. I know not everyone likes a cigar this mild but I would recommend it."
Gerant's Golden Siesta,5 out of 5,A Best Buy in a cigar!,These Churchills are smooth and aromatic.
Gerant's Golden Siesta,5 out of 5,i enjoy the smoke good,i enjoy the smoke good taste will buy them again
Gerant's Golden Siesta,5 out of 5,😀,Great cigar golf course
Gerant's Golden Siesta,5 out of 5,Nice smooth cigar .,Nice smooth cigar .
Gerant's Golden Siesta,5 out of 5,Not a bad cigar,Great taste and aroma.
Gerant's Golden Siesta,4 out of 5,Gerant's Golden Siesta,"Draws evenly and nicely, mild smoke."
Gerant's Golden Siesta,4 out of 5,OK,Not exactly to my taste but what was expected generally.
Gerant's Golden Siesta,3 out of 5,Smooth,Burns ok and mellow. Good for a backyard bbq - it is not packed tight so the ashes fall off of their own.
Gerant's Golden Siesta,5 out of 5,Easy draw and great taste.,Easy draw and great taste. well worth the price.
Gerant's Golden Siesta,4 out of 5,good,good
Gerant's Golden Siesta,5 out of 5,Good very mild cigar,"Very mild. Not harsh at all. No strong flavor, but still good flavor. Construction is a little loose, but burns evenly. Not for people who like a strong, or full flavor cigar (which I think is harsh). I like a mild cigar, and love this one. I shall buy again."
Gerant's Golden Siesta,5 out of 5,Good mild cigar,"Very mild. Not harsh at all, but nice flavor. Not tightly packed, so draws a little fast, but still burns evenly. I don't liike ""full"" flavored (i.e. ""harsh"") cigars. Prefer something light. This is a fine cigar for me, and I shall order again."
Gerant's Golden Siesta,4 out of 5,Pretty consistent smoke . Will,Pretty consistent smoke . Will order more.
Gerant's Golden Siesta,5 out of 5,Great mild cigar,"Smooth, mild cigar. Consistent draw and burn. Perfect for golf."
Gerant's Golden Siesta,3 out of 5,Okay not great,Okay not great
Gerant's Golden Siesta,4 out of 5,good smoke,this a great everyday cigar . smokes good all the way thru
Gerant's Golden Siesta,4 out of 5,Good mild cigar for the new smoker.,"I was supposed to get bottle opener with purchase but have not received it yet , other than that no problem."
Gerant's Golden Siesta,4 out of 5,Nice smooth taste,"very good ever day cigar. smooth taste, stays lit and smokes all the way down."
Gerant's Golden Siesta,1 out of 5,Not. Good,They come unwraped not. Good
Gerant's Golden Siesta,3 out of 5,OKAY,Nice knock around cigar.
Gerant's Golden Siesta,4 out of 5,Verry good for the Price,Verry good for the Price
Gerant's Golden Siesta,5 out of 5,GREAT CIGAR,"Excelant cigar for this price & i will buy again,nice & smooth!!"
Gerant's Golden Siesta,5 out of 5,Gerant.s Golden Siesta Churchill,Great mild cigar also slow burning.
Gerant's Golden Siesta,5 out of 5,Gerant's,Nice smooth cigar at a reasonable price
Gerant's Golden Siesta,4 out of 5,cheap but good,lights easily and smokes smoothly. burn even and hs a mild taste.
Gerant's Golden Siesta,5 out of 5,"Good smoke, great price, great","Good smoke, great price, great service. Enjoyable on the evening porch."
Gerant's Golden Siesta,4 out of 5,Enjoyed them. But I also,Enjoyed them. But I also bought a pack of Hestitant Pirates which have not burned good at all. This was my 2nd pack of them and I don’t think I could buy them anymore.
Gerant's Golden Siesta,4 out of 5,Great deal on a very good smoke!,Great tasting everyday smoke.
Gerant's Golden Siesta,5 out of 5,Very nice cigar,Very nice cigar
Gerant's Golden Siesta,4 out of 5,gerant golden siesta churchill cigar,very good cigar with a decent price compared to the price of many others
Gerant's Golden Siesta,5 out of 5,Good smokes,"Someday I’ll be able to afford pricier smokes. Until then I try ones that are mild with a CT wrapper and an affordable price. These hit the mark. Good size, good smoke. Not a bad one yet."
Gilberto Oliva Reserva,5 out of 5,Great smoke,This is my daily go to.
Gilberto Oliva Reserva,5 out of 5,Newest Olivo Purchase,"3 out of 4 of these in my box were terrible, tunneled or bad burn. I wrote two other reviews giving one star but CI never posted them so I am trying posting it as 5 star."
Gilberto Oliva Reserva,5 out of 5,Anything Oliva!,Good cigar at a great price!
Gilberto Oliva Reserva,5 out of 5,love them,love them
Gilberto Oliva Reserva,5 out of 5,"It was excellent, had tremendous","It was excellent, had tremendous flavor."
Gilberto Oliva Reserva,4 out of 5,Good smoke,This is a good daily smoke I got it on time
Gilberto Oliva Reserva,4 out of 5,"Great smoke and flavor, only","Great smoke and flavor, only downside is that several were rolled to tight and needed a draw poker."
Gilberto Oliva Reserva,5 out of 5,Favorite morning cigar,My daily smoke with my coffee.
Gilberto Oliva Reserva,4 out of 5,I like,Great smoke from start to finish.
Gilberto Oliva Reserva,4 out of 5,Great Smoke 👍,Great Smoke 👍
Gilberto Oliva Reserva,4 out of 5,Gilbert Olivia Reserva,"Nice smoke, good draw, spicy end"
Gilberto Oliva Reserva,4 out of 5,Smooth draw and great taste.,Smooth draw and great taste.
Gilberto Oliva Reserva,4 out of 5,"Very balanced, smooth smoke. Not","Very balanced, smooth smoke. Not perfect but very good value."
Gilberto Oliva Reserva,4 out of 5,Not bad,"Good smoke for the price, medium flavor , not a bad one in the bunch"
Gilberto Oliva Reserva,5 out of 5,Typical Oliva,Great draw with even burn and firm ash. Fairly mild down to the job.
Gilberto Oliva Reserva,3 out of 5,Get thicker sticks,"The corona cut is a little too peppery compared to the thicker ring gauge cigars of the same make. Notes of leather, cedar, and an occasional nuttyness with a strong pepper note to me."
Gilberto Oliva Reserva,4 out of 5,Good every day cigar,"Cigar has a good flavor, burns well with a nice white ash. The only problem I've had is that sometimes you get one that is not as firmly packed as most. But that is about 1 or 2 in a box. They are basically an excellent smoke and well worth the money."
Gilberto Oliva Reserva,3 out of 5,Good smoke if you like harsh,"Smokes well, love the ring gauge. Tasty as any Oliva product would be...but a harsh smoke even after I left it mellow in my humi for a long time."
Gilberto Oliva Reserva,3 out of 5,Thicker may be Slicker,So far I'm undecided. They may just need to sit in the humidor for a little but they had more bite than the Robusto of the same variety I've had in the past.
Gilberto Oliva Reserva,5 out of 5,Just a great smoke!,I am a medium to full cigar smoker and really enjoy these cigars. Just tasty and very well balanced. Light it once and that is all you need. After that just enjoy it with a nice scotch and some friends. I will definitely order more....no doubt about that.
Gilberto Oliva Reserva,4 out of 5,Great smoke!,Great smoke!
Gilberto Oliva Reserva,5 out of 5,Smooth smoke..very good,Smooth smoke..very good
Gilberto Oliva Reserva,4 out of 5,Smoothie and good draw. No,Smoothie and good draw. No hot spots
Gilberto Oliva Reserva,5 out of 5,Taste good,Taste good
Gilberto Oliva Reserva,5 out of 5,Very fine Cigar,This is a very fine cigar easy draw not much of a runner if any enjoyed the cigar alot
Gilberto Oliva Reserva,4 out of 5,Not Consistant,Not Consistant
Gilberto Oliva Reserva,4 out of 5,Good cigar great price,Good cigar great price
Gilberto Oliva Reserva,3 out of 5,Hard draw towards the end,Hard draw towards the end
Gilberto Oliva Reserva,3 out of 5,only smoked two so far,only smoked two so far but hard to keep lit
Gilberto Oliva Reserva,4 out of 5,Gilberto Oliva Reserva 550,Great tasting Oliva all the way to the end. Smooth finish with great flavor
Gilberto Oliva Reserva,5 out of 5,Very good cigar,Really am enjoying this cigar
Gilberto Oliva Reserva,4 out of 5,Great cigar brand,"Putting your name on a cigar is risky business. However, Gilberto can be proud of these cigars and those who smoke the will be rewarded!"
Gilberto Oliva Reserva,5 out of 5,Great cigars,Great cigars
Gilberto Oliva Reserva,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Gilberto Oliva Reserva,3 out of 5,Just ok,Just ok
Gilberto Oliva Reserva,3 out of 5,"Their good, perfect size.","Their good, perfect size."
Gilberto Oliva Reserva,5 out of 5,Don't let the price fool,"Don't let the price fool you, this is a pretty good cigar...smooth and pleasant smoke. Would definitely reorder."
Gilberto Oliva Reserva,3 out of 5,Pretty Good.,Pretty Good.
Gilberto Oliva Reserva,5 out of 5,great cigars at an affordable,great cigars at an affordable price
Gilberto Oliva Reserva,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Good taste. Excellent value
Gilberto Oliva Reserva,5 out of 5,Great selection relax and have a bourbon on the rocks with,Good price on a great selection
Gilberto Oliva Reserva,3 out of 5,Gilberto oliva,Expected more flavor especially from middle to completion.
Gilberto Oliva Reserva,5 out of 5,Very nice smoke!,Very nice smoke!
Gilberto Oliva Reserva,3 out of 5,Gilbert,"A tad inconsistent with the quality and burn, but when you get a good one, it becomes a great one. Very rich smoke with an even burn. I bought a sampler first and was impressed enough that I bought a box to give as a gift."
Gilberto Oliva Reserva,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Very good cigars at a great price. Will definitely purchase again
Gilberto Oliva Reserva,5 out of 5,Very flavorful and not too,Very flavorful and not too strong
Gilberto Oliva Reserva,4 out of 5,Oliva Gilberto,Very good !!!!
Gilberto Oliva Reserva,5 out of 5,Giilberto Olivia,Good smoke throughout the entire cigar
Gilberto Oliva Reserva,3 out of 5,Pretty dam good!,Pretty dam good!
Gilberto Oliva Reserva,3 out of 5,Gilberto,"I am a big fan of Oliva cigars. The Gilberto is not one of my favorites. with that said, it is a nice structured cigar, good burn."
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Blanc,5 out of 5,GREAT CIGAR,GREAT CIGAR
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Blanc,5 out of 5,Both of these are in,Both of these are in my top 5!
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Blanc,5 out of 5,Gilberto oliva reserva,"Really enjoyed this fine cigar. Slow burning. Hope to be able to buy these again, if the price is right for a retired soldier"
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Blanc,5 out of 5,Oliva Blanc,Never had a bad Oliva.
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Blanc,5 out of 5,excellent very smooth,excellent very smooth
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Blanc,3 out of 5,Affordable,Affordable
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Blanc,5 out of 5,Smooth & Tasty,"Great cigar, you won't be disappointed with this one. Try it. you'll love it."
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Blanc,4 out of 5,Good cigar until near the,Good cigar until near the end it gets harsh and hard
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Blanc,5 out of 5,One of the best cigars on the market IMO,A great flavor and very well constructed cigar.
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Blanc,4 out of 5,Another very nice cigar from,Another very nice cigar from the Oliva family. Good smoke!
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Blanc,5 out of 5,"GREAT CIGAR, GREAT BUY","GREAT CIGAR, GREAT BUY"
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Blanc,4 out of 5,Oliva,Real good medium-ish bodied cigar burns good last long time great for the golf course
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Blanc,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"Enjoyed this cigar, creamy and mild but still has great flavor."
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Blanc,5 out of 5,Great cigars,I received these great cigars and at a great price I smoke them all of the time and I love them i received outstanding service and that is normal for the group at CI So I received great cigars great service great price and outstanding customer service
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Blanc,5 out of 5,Very Good Cigar,This is my 3rd box and I'll keep buying them.
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Blanc,5 out of 5,Great taste.,Great taste.
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Blanc,4 out of 5,Good relaxing smoke.,Good relaxing smoke.
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Blanc,5 out of 5,gilberto oliva reserva blanc 650,better than i thought they would be !
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Blanc,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,"Great smoke, Great price"
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Blanc,4 out of 5,"Cigars are great, they forgot my lighter","I ordered one of their special I received in my email. A box of cigars and a quad lighter was the package deal. I received the cigars, but that was all that was in the box. After calling customer service, they told me a lighter would be sent. Turns out it's now backordered. I'm still waiting, but would have given them 5 stars id the original order was filled correctly the first time."
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Blanc,5 out of 5,The bigger the better,A fantastic smoke. I tried a 5 pack of Robustos and now that I like them. I will buy more in a churchill for a longer enjoyment
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Blanc,4 out of 5,Nice cigar,Nice cigar
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Blanc,5 out of 5,Nice smoke for price,Nice smoke for price
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Blanc,5 out of 5,Good,Good
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Blanc,3 out of 5,just not my cup of,just not my cup of tea so to speak. won't say its a bad cigar it just was not what I was looking for.
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Blanc,4 out of 5,A good CIGAR,Oliva makes great cigars and this one is no exception!
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Blanc,5 out of 5,Christmas Cigars,They were great!
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Blanc,4 out of 5,Solid Citizen,"As one might expect this is an excellent cigar in all respects. It is beautifully constructed, has a smooth draw and even burn. While it is mild I expected it to
be more so, thus the four star rating. I would buy this cigar again."
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Blanc,4 out of 5,gilberto oliva reserve blanc 550,"easy draw, nice mellow-bodied cigar"
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Blanc,4 out of 5,mild cigar/ great price,mild cigar/ great price
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Blanc,4 out of 5,Good Smoke,"I enjoyed the Oliva it was well constructed, used a punch on it and the draw was good. I will keep a few of these in one of my humidors."
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Blanc,5 out of 5,Gilberto Oliva,"Excellent cigar, at one point inch and a half ash. Very smoot"
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Blanc,5 out of 5,gilberto oliva reserva blanc,A magnificent cigar
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Blanc,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"I really enjoyed the smoke, great cigar!!!!"
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Blanc,5 out of 5,Great medium smoke,Just the right size when you don't have the time ofr a long smoke
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Blanc,5 out of 5,gilbertos,"Good taste, good price and a good value."
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Blanc,5 out of 5,great cigars,great cigars
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Blanc,5 out of 5,What?!?,"Very nice smoke. Even smooth draw, with a nice mild vanilla taste. Perfect for a mild cigar smoker like me. Absolutely no bitter from start to nub-smoking finish. In the words of Arnold, ""I'll be back""..for more of these gems. Got them on a special C.I. deal, and boy howdy did I score!"
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Blanc,5 out of 5,Very good,Good value
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Blanc,5 out of 5,Nice smooth cigar,Nice smooth cigar
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Blanc,4 out of 5,"Smooth draw,nice burn and good","Smooth draw,nice burn and good to the palate."
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Blanc,5 out of 5,Oliva,This is a quality smoke very nice draw taste of vanilla and oak not harsh.
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Blanc,5 out of 5,"well made, mild, nice flavors","well made, mild, nice flavors"
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Blanc,4 out of 5,They are ok,They are ok
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Blanc,5 out of 5,Gilberto oliva reserve blanc,"Excellent smoke, even burn, nice ash color, excellent citrus notes. Loved it"
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Blanc,4 out of 5,Good smooth smoke,"Liked the way it smokes. Smooth flavor, great draw!"
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Blanc,5 out of 5,Nice Consistent mellow smoke,"I really likes these cigars for their consistency, flavor and not to over powering."
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Blanc,4 out of 5,Nice everyday cigar,"Nice, light cigar for everyday enjoyment."
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Blanc,4 out of 5,Oliva Reserve,Good smoke smooth taste & mild
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Blanc,4 out of 5,Olivia blanc,Smooth drawing good flavor
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Noir,5 out of 5,excellent stick,"Lots of flavor, good burn start to finish. Definitely will buy again."
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Noir,5 out of 5,Great smokes for the money.,Great smokes for the money. Good Value
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Noir,4 out of 5,A Must have,"I bought a 8 piece sample pack and after going though two cigars I absolutely did not like I came across this beauty. All I can say is game changer, a most have if you're looking for a full body with a mellow-ness like no other look no further. The only reason I gave it a 4 star is because there is no option for a 4.5 but I give it just that a 4.5"
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Noir,5 out of 5,Olivia,Nice
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Noir,5 out of 5,Great surprise.,Great surprise.
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Noir,5 out of 5,Smooth to the end!,Even draw and excellent burn. I’ll get them again!
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Noir,5 out of 5,Great smoke!!,Great smoke!!
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Noir,5 out of 5,Nice,Nice
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Noir,5 out of 5,Great flavor and draws nicely.,Great flavor and draws nicely. A treat to enjoy in the evening on your patio.
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Noir,4 out of 5,I would prefer to have,I would prefer to have a longer cigar
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Noir,4 out of 5,Nice smoke,Nice smoke
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Noir,4 out of 5,Gilberto Oliva,Smooth smoke
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Noir,5 out of 5,Love it,"Spicy, full bodied, complex. Excellent draw."
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Noir,5 out of 5,I need more,"I got the 3 pack having already had the Reserva which is perfect. Great taste and perfect burn. I had my first Noir with my coffee one morning. Just as great but it's not for breakfast. I guess that's why they made the Blanc. All three are just as well made, but save the Noir for Scotch time."
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Noir,4 out of 5,Smooth and flavorful,Great draw. Perfectly made. Wonderful cigar
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Noir,4 out of 5,Great cugar,Great cugar
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Noir,4 out of 5,Exceptional value,Quality construction. Burns slow and even. First rate wrapper. Good medium body smoke.
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Noir,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Tried one for the first time. Wasn’t sure what to expect but it was the closest thing I’ve smoked to a real Cuban Siglo III.
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Noir,5 out of 5,Great,This was one of the first Oliva's I tried when I started smoking cigars regularly. Great one!
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Noir,5 out of 5,fantastic,had a lot of oliva's in the past - found this to be great!!!
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Noir,5 out of 5,Good,Good
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Noir,5 out of 5,Great!,"These were the first Oliva's I ever smoked and I enjoyed these very much. Had a nice bold flavor, but not too over the top."
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Noir,4 out of 5,Pretty good for an afternoon,Pretty good for an afternoon smoke
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Noir,5 out of 5,Gilbert Noir,"This cigar is awesome, looks good smokes even I don't know this is not one of Oliva more expensive sticks! Don't believe order a 5 pack and see for yourself."
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Noir,4 out of 5,Olivia Reserva,This cigar was strong than I thought it would be but it was smooth.
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Noir,5 out of 5,Good mild smoke,Good mild smoke
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Noir,4 out of 5,Very smooth,Very smooth
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Noir,5 out of 5,nice bold smoke,nice bold smoke
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Noir,3 out of 5,Good for the price,Good for the price
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Noir,5 out of 5,Joe daily deal bargain,"Clean, not heavy. Light cedar flavor, but not overwhelming. More medium than full. A real quality cigar."
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Noir,4 out of 5,New areiv,"Toothy and full bodied , easy draw with a velvety wrapper. Feels like a premium smoke for a lot less"
Gilberto Oliva Reserva Noir,4 out of 5,New areiv,"Toothy and full bodied , easy draw with a velvety wrapper. Feels like a premium smoke for a lot less"
Gispert,5 out of 5,Loves these too,Loves these too
Gispert,4 out of 5,"It was a great price,","It was a great price, but not a great cigar"
Gispert,5 out of 5,"Great smoke,I have been enjoying","Great smoke,I have been enjoying Gispert cigars for years."
Gispert,5 out of 5,Perfect Cigar With That Morning Cup of Coffee,"First had these a decade ago and bought a box back then and enjoyed them with a cup coffee in the morning, not a single bad stick in the box of 25. Picked up another box a few months back. Different band and box but same consistent flavor and quality. For me these are a good quality cigar for the price that goes perfect with my coffee in the morning."
Gispert,5 out of 5,Most enjoyable and very cost,Most enjoyable and very cost effective.
Gispert,5 out of 5,Gispert,These are my favorite cigars. Others have discovered this fact because of cost increase. I have no objection to increase as long as I'm not completely priced out.
Gispert,5 out of 5,Good Value Selection,Great value.
Gispert,4 out of 5,MELLOW FELLOW,"THESE ARE VERY MELLOW, but don't let that detract you. It's not a super tightly wound cigar, but it has a great draw and tends to be a great stick for casual conversation. No bad aftertaste and a nice mellow aroma."
Gispert,5 out of 5,Old standby,"One of my favorite choices when I want to take a break from the more full body sticks. This cigar is mild-medium, but holds enough flavor to enjoy."
Gispert,5 out of 5,gispert makes the grade,"mellow to medium flavor good draw, nice ash ,great taste and smooth smoke ...very enjoyable will re-order!"
Gispert,5 out of 5,Enjoyable!,"A very flavorful mild cigar, relatively inexpensive and good all the way down."
Gispert,5 out of 5,Gispert is mellow and smooth,"excellent draw, great taste and kept a really good ash. Highly recommend this medium tasting cigar."
Gispert,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,"Only been at this about two months and have been trying many different cigars. This is one of the best I’ve had so far. Good, even burn, good draw and a mild-medium strength. Could see this a being my go-to every day smoke. Outstanding for the price. Highly recommended,"
Gispert,4 out of 5,"Great medium / mind smoke,","Great medium / mind smoke, especially for the price."
Gispert,4 out of 5,Enjoyed the smoke.,Enjoyed the smoke.
Gispert,4 out of 5,Mild cigar,I am just a beginner cigar smoker. So this cigar is good for me because it is a mild cigar.
Gispert,4 out of 5,CONSISTANT,"You know what you are going to get every time you light one up' A Smooth Medium smoke, relaxing"
Gispert,4 out of 5,all around good smoke,"These cigars are well made, burn evenly and have a smooth draw. What else do you need? Oh and a great price!"
Gispert,5 out of 5,Always a great smoke!,Always a great smoke!
Gispert,5 out of 5,NICE SMOKE,GOOD EVERYDAY SMOKE ALWAYS A PERFECT EVEN BURN PERFECT DRAW GREAT MILD TO MEDIUM SMOKE BEEN ENJOYING THESE FOR YEARS
Gispert,5 out of 5,Favorites!,Gispert cigars are my husband's all time favorite everyday cigars! He can never have enough of them. It would be great as a faithful customer to receive even deeper discounts with every order placed. Thank you!
Gispert,4 out of 5,Good deal,Good deal... good daily smoke
Gispert,5 out of 5,Great taste great price,"I love the draw and flavor of this cigar, and the price was an excellent value for what I got as well."
Gispert,5 out of 5,Great smoke s,Great smoke s
Gispert,5 out of 5,Very good,Nice everyday Cigar at a great price
Gispert,5 out of 5,"Great smoke ,very mild.","Great smoke ,very mild."
Gispert,1 out of 5,Seems like there is a,Seems like there is a plug half way where you have a hard time keeping it lit. When you get past it the draw is back to normal.
Gispert,5 out of 5,Gispert Robusto,Avery mild and smooth cigar and popularly priced.
Gispert,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Mild yet tasty. Great smoke for the money.
Gispert,5 out of 5,Gispert Churchill,Outstanding cigar.
Gispert,4 out of 5,very good,very good
Gispert,5 out of 5,Purchased for a golf tournament,Great smoke. Enjoyed by many! Won't go wrong with this one.
Gispert,5 out of 5,Gispert C/Hill,Great cigar! Well rolled! Holds great ash. Great flavor. The best Lite Shaded wrapper cigar.
Gispert,2 out of 5,not a good batch,"I've had a few of these before, as a guy at my club smokes them. I think the batch I got were seconds. Only 2 or 3 were wrapped tight. Lots of runners and leakers. Very disappointed as these are generally great cigars."
Gispert,5 out of 5,Gispert Toro,This is my daily go to cigar. I have tried bargains but always come back to Gispert. Excellent construction and consistent taste which is lacking in some of the higher AND lower priced offerings out there.
Gispert,5 out of 5,Very good and great finish.,Enjoy these very much. Stronger than I thought but still medium at most for me.
Gispert,5 out of 5,Gispert Robusto,Great Anytime cigar.... very consistent and burns well
Gispert,4 out of 5,Great Smoke,"Great smoke, good drawn. Great flavor l, Reminds me alot of the Perdomo Lot 23. Would recommend and will buy again."
Gispert,5 out of 5,Outstanding cigar for the price !,"A great well balanced mild cigar
Always a crowd favorite"
Gispert,5 out of 5,Fine smoke,Very smooth cigar. Draws well and burns evenly.
Gispert,5 out of 5,Great deals,Always has the best deals on great cigars. Excellent company.
Gispert,2 out of 5,Gispert Toro,Low rating because til now the cigars will not stay lit. It doesn't make sense because there are three holes poked per cigar.
Gispert,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Nearly a 2 hour smoke on the golf course. Easy draw. Nice even burn with no need to relight it or touch it up. The end cap was well constructed and held up till the end. It was a mild cigar to the nub.
Gispert,5 out of 5,GISPERT,Pleasently surprised
Gispert,5 out of 5,Cigar value,"Amazing value versus cost.
Well constructed, easy draw, burns evenly and good flavor."
Gispert,3 out of 5,Not what I expected.,"The construction and mild body are fine. The taste is pretty ho-hum and has a slight ""bite"" at the back of the palate that I don't like in a cigar. I kept in in my humidor for a bit, hoping that ""bite"" would smooth out and mellow a bit' But it hasn't. Not a fan, but I wouldn't turn it down if someone offered me one. I would not buy them again."
Gispert,3 out of 5,Gispert robusto,I just bought a box of 25 of these last week very disappointed they don't burn properly they canoe the hard to keep lit and it's very hard to draw on them save your money
Gispert,5 out of 5,Gispert Belicoso,I've loved this cigar for years a great taste with a great finish and reasonably priced
Gispert,5 out of 5,Gispert Churchill,These are my husband's favorites. He's always happy to get them!
Gispert,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Gispert Intenso,5 out of 5,"This cigar should be one you alway's have in the Humi. This is the best Full Bodied Cigar I have smoked yet. Very under-rated, which I like so the price will stay affordable.","""Full Bodied Cigar Surprise"""
Gispert Intenso,5 out of 5,Strong and tasty,"Amazing cigar, it was very strong with coffee, chocolate and pepper notes, eat a large meal before you smoke this you will be stuck in you seat."
Gispert Intenso,3 out of 5,Good Burn,The construction and burn on this cigar is excellent. The flavor isn't that strong as the name suggests. It actually lacks a little punch. Its a little hard to understand what this roll wants to be
Gispert Intenso,4 out of 5,Great smoke love it,Great smoke love it
Gispert Intenso,5 out of 5,Strong. Lots of flavor.,Strong. Lots of flavor.
Gispert Intenso,5 out of 5,Excellent full flavored smoke,The build and draw of these smokes are flawless. The flavor is full and stays even through the entire smoke.
Gispert Intenso,5 out of 5,Gispert Intenso,One of the strongest cigars with a hint of sweetness.
Gispert Intenso,5 out of 5,Tasty little corona,"This Intenso is well named + easy draw and well constructed, when the smoke get's going, it's full and strong. If that's your thing, you'll like these little dudes!"
Gispert Intenso,5 out of 5,Full flavored and intense...o!!,"First of all, I'm not the type to leave reviews....I'm a 5 cigar per week smoker and I typically just smoke and keep my thoughts to myself, but when I enjoy or hate something too much I have to speak my mind.
I'm smoking my 5th Intenso, and I've had exactly the same experience each time. The first few draws are a little too intense, a lot of black pepper and nothing else. After the fourth or fifth draw I am always pleasantly surprised by a rich creamy lasting and enjoyable flavor throughout the cigar. I apologize for my run-on sentence, but there aren't enough words to describe the experience.
Intenso is a great, enjoyable, full bodied, full flavored and INTENSE experience.
Not for the faint of heart and not for beginning smokers."
Gispert Intenso,5 out of 5,Excellent,"The Intenso is a great full flavored yet smooth cigar. The Toro is a perfect size, too, for this stick. Not too big and not too small with a great balance of spice and cream to back up the earth, coffee bean and dark cacao. Really nice job AJ!"
Gispert Intenso,5 out of 5,Intense Indeed,"WOW! I just ate dinner and I’m working my way through this right now and it’s STILL kicking my a**. Holy cow! I would say I’m a pretty consistent cigar smoker - at least 5 a month - and I’m still struggling with the intensity of the intenso. Don’t let that deter or distract you from how good it really is though. Maybe I haven’t had a full body in a while, but this is the real deal. I’m really enjoying it, despite the power. Great pepper, cream notes. Leaves that nice glaze over the tongue after every puff. Burns beautifully and razor sharp. If you’re up for a strong one I highly recommend it - just wasn’t expecting something this strong. Hope I can still go out tonight! Ha!"
Gispert Intenso,5 out of 5,Intense,"Let me first say...I've been a cigar smoker for over 20 years and a HUGE fan of A.J. Fernandez. I received the Gispert Intenso in a A.J. sampler. I must say, as the name of this cigar imply s, this cigar was INTENSE! It really had some of the most prominent flavors I've ever experienced! What a fantastic cigar; I really loved it~"
Gispert Intenso,5 out of 5,Intense it is,"It was what I expected. A full flavored cigar which begs you to take the time and enjoy. If you're looking for a big flavor, full body cigar, try one."
Gispert Intenso,5 out of 5,Strong but very good to end the day.,They are strong but smooth and taste very good.
Gispert Intenso,5 out of 5,Total winner,"Surprised by this little wonder. Smooth is the first thing I noticed, but not a weak cigar, it was stout and full. Smoked perfectly, great draw, great ash, great wrapper (flavoer) and although small in this vitola, smoked as a much larger stogie. A great pleasure for a quick but full smoke."
Gispert Intenso,5 out of 5,My new favorite,"Tried this on the recommendation of my local B&M and...WOW. What a great smoke. Thick, earthy, and probably as close to the Padron 1926 as you can get. If you are a fan of full flavor cigars that won't break the bank, this is it."
God of Fire Serie Aniversario,5 out of 5,Special Cigar,"As much of the Fuente franchise one of the best constructed cigars.Exceptional smooth enjoyable smoke. Particularly suitable to a long duration smoke. Never loses its flavor or appeal. Without question a repeat purchase even with the relatively high price,
Don't waste"
God of Fire Serie Aniversario,5 out of 5,Quality,Excellant
God of Fire Serie B,5 out of 5,A great cigar that is worth the experience.,Top of the line cigars.
Good Times 4Ks Cigarillos,1 out of 5,Dry and brittle,They seem to be stall dry and brittle no wounder they were cheap.
Good Times 4Ks Cigarillos,3 out of 5,Good Times Makes Better,"I found the French Vanilla a tad more harsh than the Good Times Sweet Delicious, which surprised me, and many were so tamped-up that smoke flow was restricted. However, for the money, overall, it isn't catastrophic and the aroma is very pleasant."
Good Times 4Ks Cigarillos,3 out of 5,Harold Howard,Love the taste but don't like all the loose tobacco spend too much time spitting I all out. And spiting don't look good even on the golf course. Hope you get Leon Jeminz Vanilla back in stock
Good Times 4Ks Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Great inexpensive cigar,Good Times Four K's in any flavor are fine inexpensive smokes;you pick the flavor and get a satisfying smoke !
Good Times 4Ks Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Good,"Very flavorful, but not too overpowering."
Good Times 4Ks Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Yummy,"Good cigar, VERY flavorful."
Good Times 4Ks Cigarillos,3 out of 5,"Nice draw,lacks taste","The Four K series of cigar flavors are all great for taste, draw and a good bargain for the price. This flavor grape isn't as good in my opinion as the rest."
Good Times 4Ks Cigarillos,3 out of 5,Mangos,Its a nice little time saver smoke. When you only got a few minutes and want the taste of something good you should partake in this cheapie.
Good Times Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Love them,A fun summer on the patio smoke!
Good Times Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Thumbs up. Would buy again.,Thumbs up. Would buy again.
Good Times Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Better than Swisher sweets,Good cigars
Good Times Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Good times black,As close as I get to a cigar smoke with limited time (breaks at work).Has a hint of chocolate in it.If you leave it for a couple of minutes goes out.
Good Times Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Good,Good and on time.
Good Times Cigarillos,5 out of 5,great little smokes,great little smokes
Good Times Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Delicious,Delicious
Good Times Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Very good.,Very good.
Good Times Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great cigarillo,Great cigarillo
Good Times Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Great smoke for the price,"Great smoke for the price
Enjoyed it"
Good Times Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Better than others,"I occasionally smoke one of these little bad boys when I'm not in the mood for a big Don Rafael. Pretty good little stogies for cut tobacco, not a lot of pieces in your mouth."
Good Times Cigarillos,4 out of 5,A good cheap smoke.,A good cheap smoke.
Good Times Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Awesome,Love the taste and everybody complements me on the aroma the cigar puts out.
Good Times Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Really Good Short Smoke,I take these cigars to the golf course and go through about a dozen per round so good value also.
Good Times Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Good quick smoke.,Good quick smoke.
Good Times Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great taste!! Great for quick,Great taste!! Great for quick smoke!!
Good Times Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Good Times does it again!,This is a very good tasting cigarillo that has a great smell when the smoke hits your nose! It has a slow burn that will give you some more time to enjoy this mellow but tasty cigar. Even my friends are liking these as I have shared a few with them. It won't burn your mouth and is smooth and satisfying all the way to the end! The price is excellent for a box of these beauties. The dark black leaf gets your attention and the flavor will leave you wanting more. This little guy is one of my personal favorites.
Good Times Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great product and excellent delivery,Great product and excellent delivery outcome
Good Times Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Tastes Good,"They're a bit inconsistent with how tightly they're rolled, but other than that, no complaints."
Good Times Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Good cigars but shouldn’t take,Good cigars but shouldn’t take so long to deliver them
Good Times Cigarillos,5 out of 5,the best and the freshest,the price is great and they are the freshest cigars ive ever brought
Good Times Cigarillos,5 out of 5,goodf,goodf
Good Times Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Some Good Cigars,"Great flavor. Even burn, Consitant draw."
Good Times Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Gift to My Son,These were a gift to my son and he loves the flavor. He said they were as even burning and drawing as any he's smoked before.
Good Times Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Satisified but not completly,"I have smoked these cigars for about ten years and have even got some of my friends to try them. Usually they are easy to draw and somewhat fresh. This last batch was not. Three out of the five boxes were hard to draw and brittle. I thought they were probably old and had been sitting around for a while. They were smokable, but not as pleasant as I would like them to be."
Good Times Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Customer satisfaction,My husband has smoked these cigarillos for many years and is very happy with them!
Good Times Cigarillos,5 out of 5,cigarillos aweet,worth the money good cigars i will be orering them again soon.
Good Times Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Decent flavored smoke for the,Decent flavored smoke for the price!
Good Times Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great,Arrived fast and very fresh
Good Times Cigarillos,3 out of 5,A good choice,Very satisfied with these cigars. A solid bargain for the social smoker in your life. Gives off a very pleasant aroma that will not offend those around you.
Good Times Cigarillos,2 out of 5,Good times sweet cigarillos: Not such a good time,"I wanted a little stick for my 20/30 min drive to work so I tried these.Well for starters the flavor was strong but not in a good way. If you like the sweet ones you get at a gas station (not going to mention the brand) then you will like these but I for one do not. The wrapper starts falling apart almost as soon as you light it up, and then you start spitting the tabacco in you car.You can buy a way better hand rolled cigarillo on here for just a few cents more per little stick that have a more natural taste.Good luck hope this helps"
Good Times Cigarillos,3 out of 5,On Second Thought.....,Maybe not as good as I remember. Short and harsh. Could be this lot was poor. Won't buy again.
Good Times Cigarillos,3 out of 5,Not bad,Good flavor but end of cigar tends to fall apart
Good Times Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Imagine That!,"The Black Signature is a nice little smoke, full-bodied and rich, surprisingly enough, and quite reasonable."
Good Times Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Excellent service,Excellent service
Good Times Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Good Times Blueberry Cigarillo,Nice smooth taste with a hint of taste of blueberry. Great smell of blueberry when taking it out of foil.
Good Times Cigarillos,5 out of 5,good times black sgnature,"good cigar, but i probably won't be buying more."
Good Times Cigarillos,3 out of 5,Ok,These are ok.... not disgusting at least.
Good Times Cigarillos,5 out of 5,my wife's cigar,She loves them . Kick ass
Good Times Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Every time I order it,Every time I order it is the best quality!!!
Good Times Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Surprisingly Good,"A fine, quick smoke. The open end may be partial to Leaf-in-the-mouth"" Syndrome, but, ""that being said,"" still recommended. The hint of ""sweet"" is very pleasant, as well."
Good Times Cigarillos,3 out of 5,OK.,OK.
Good Times Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Good Times Roll,Great little cigars for quickies when you know you will waste a full size cigar. Individual packs keep them fresh and you can't beat the cost.
Good Times Cigarillos,5 out of 5,George,Great value and fast service.
Good Times Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Bob,I personally do not smoke the flavored cigars but purchase them for the women in my life that enjoy them. They love them.
Good Times Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great company,Never had any issues with cigars international
Good Times Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Holiday Enjoyment,Being able to have a great cigar once in a while is perfect !!!!! Merry Christmas and Happy New Year to all !!!!!!!
Good Times Cigarillos,1 out of 5,Awful taste,Worst tasting Cigar I have ever smoked. Would not recommend this product to anyone!!!!!!
Good Times Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Sweet,These cigarillos were a great gift for two men that are really hard to buy for. They enjoy the sweet taste and want to know where I found them !
Good Times Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Small Packages they say,"I enjoy these when i dont have time for a full cigar. About
A twenty minute smoke, perfect for almost anytime.
Great taste and an aroma no wife would complain about"
Good Times Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Good Times Cigarillos Black Signature,"If you like the Sweets this will be a nice change-up during the day. A little bolder flavor and great aroma. Try it. Great price and ALWAYS fast delivery. Thanks, CI !!"
Good Times Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Good Times Sweet,"Not always having forty-five minutes to an hour to enjoy a savory aged gem hidden away, sometimes one just needs a quick break while working on the car, around the house or after lunch. I enjoy Maduros, Habanos, Corojos, Connecticuts, etc. depending on mood or occasion but prefer these in the sweets. I’ve consumed 100’s of these as well as comparable products from various manufacturers. The flavor and smoothness of these over similar brands (i.e. Swisher) suits my personal taste. At $0.33 a stick (38% less than Swishers by the way) I go consume a box of 60 about every three weeks…nuff said. PL Amsterdam NY"
Good Times Country Man,5 out of 5,I like these,I like these
Good Times Country Man,5 out of 5,Good Times Country Man Churhill,I have always enjoyed the smooth and mild flavor of each and every cigar I have smoked. They are indeed a great smoke for someone who smokes daily on a budget as well.
Good Times Country Man,5 out of 5,Great value smoke,Best value and quality I have found for an inexpensive everyday smoke.
Good Times Country Man,3 out of 5,Good anytime cigar for the price..!,"Good anytime cigar - average burn, easy draw, nice flavor, plenty of smoke. Definitely not a premium, but a cigar that you can smoke for a while, and not worry if you don't fiish it. Price is right. Mellow cigar."
Good Times Country Man,4 out of 5,Can’t beat ‘em,For a kick around mellow economy smoke you won’t go wrong
Good Times Country Man,5 out of 5,Countryman,AAA
Good Times Country Man,4 out of 5,Decent reasonably priced smoke,"There is nothing fancy about these smokes. I am on my third box and not had any problem with draw or keeping them lit. The are a mild to medium flavored stick that burns evenly.
I have gifted several to friends and coworkers that enjoy a good smoke . So far all have agreed on these being a good inexpensive choice for every day enjoyment savings the more pricey selection for special occasions"
Good Times Country Man,5 out of 5,Mild with amazing room notes,"I absolutely LOVE these cigars. The initial taste. sporting a sweetened tip, is a great introduction to each cigar. But it is the wonderful notes coming off these things that hooked me.. Like Mark Twain, I like to buy the least expensive cigars I can find, and these are definitely that. Buy them while they are there because they go out of stock all the time."
Good Times Country Man,5 out of 5,Excellent,"Even burn, smooth taste. Perfect everyday cigar."
Good Times Country Man,4 out of 5,taste is mild fits the,taste is mild fits the bill for me.
Good Times Country Man,5 out of 5,good times,Nice mild everyday cigar
Good Times Country Man,5 out of 5,Good Times Country Man Churchill Maduros.,"This is an excellent cigar any time of day! It has a nice smooth draw and burns evenly. I've bought these several times already and I have been completely satisfied. For the money, you can't beat these beauties! 🤑🌿"
Good Times Country Man,3 out of 5,Nice mild cigar with a pleasant aroma.,"Nice mild cigar with a pleasant aroma and plenty of smoke, but they have an uneven burn (smoked 2-1/2). Great for the price."
Good Times Country Man,4 out of 5,worth the price,good mild smoke for price
Good Times Country Man,4 out of 5,Good Times,Can't beat these for the price. Great everyday cigar. Burn well and flavorful.
Good Times Country Man,4 out of 5,good smoke,good smoke for the price
Good Times Country Man,5 out of 5,You just can't go wrong.,"Excellent everyday cigar, very smooth and mild with decent construction. Excellent value. Just about finished first box and ordered another today."
Good Times Country Man,5 out of 5,Can't give you a true,"Can't give you a true review. I chew on my cigars. For my purpose and use , this is what I like. Stays firm up to the end. I never light my cigars"
Good Times Country Man,5 out of 5,Has become a daily smoke,Doesnt really get any better for the price. A hint of sweetness and consistently even burn. Great backyard smoke.
Good Times Country Man,5 out of 5,Has become a daily smoke,"Very mild and flavorful. A hint of sweetness. Burns even and goes great with beer. I still love my premium hand rolled's, but at a super price this has become my daily smoke."
Good Times Country Man,5 out of 5,Excellent,This are great everyday smokes. I usually have 5 a day.
Good Times Country Man,4 out of 5,Great,Great cigar at a very good coast
Good Times Country Man,5 out of 5,Great,Amazing cigars will be buying again
Good Times Country Man,5 out of 5,nice change of pace machine made cigar,"I usually hate machine made cigars. I recently bought a box of Country Man and was impressed by the aroma, even construction and the lack of a chemical taste that infects most machine made products. I prefer my Patels and Macanudos, but for a change every few days, a Country Man is quite nice. The taste is generally sweet, but not overwhelming at all. For the $$, buy the box. I think this is the best machine made cigar at this price point."
Good Times Country Man,5 out of 5,Good Times Churchill,Can't beat these smokes for the money....
Good Times Country Man,5 out of 5,great cigar at a great price,"I'm not really a cigar expert. BUT, I know what I like. Price is very important to me, and to tell the truth, from pricing around the internet, I found that your prices are respectable and reasonable. A Good Times cigar is mellow with a touch of flavor."
Good Times Country Man,5 out of 5,Best for me,"Smoking the Good Time Country Man for more than 15 years.
Robusto Maduro fits my taste perfectly."
Good Times Country Man,5 out of 5,Nice flavor,Nice flavor
Good Times Country Man,4 out of 5,Good Times Country Man Toro Maduro,"A good smoke, but the draw needs work."
Good Times Country Man,5 out of 5,Country Man Churchills,These cigars are smoother than most expensive cigars from Central America that I have paid twice the price for.
Good Times Country Man,5 out of 5,Great Smokes. I'll be back.,Great Smokes. I'll be back.
Good Times Country Man,5 out of 5,good value,good value
Good Times Country Man,5 out of 5,Really like these.,"Good, inexpensive smoke."
Good Times Country Man,4 out of 5,A Reliable Smoke,"As far as taste, draw, and burn, it’s a reliable functional daily cigar."
Good Times Country Man,5 out of 5,Best for the buck,Country Man is the best deal for an all around general smoke.
Good Times Country Man,5 out of 5,Great smooth cigar,"Very enjoyable for me, good flavor mild and plenty of smoke"
Good Times Country Man,3 out of 5,Bargain smoke,Hey it smokes as well as some $2.00 sticks. It costs less than Garcia Vega. Machine made with no pretense
Good Times Country Man,4 out of 5,Not bad,After smoking these for several months they don't get me sick. Cigar relatively smells good. Burns almost 2 hours. I could live with this. And they are cheap in cost too. I find if I ream the hole with a skewer they smoke a little better. They come individually wrapped in plastic.
Good Times Country Man,5 out of 5,Thhis is my everyday go to stogie!,Can't add to what everyone else is saying but I've had people say they like the smell of this cigar.
Good Times Country Man,4 out of 5,Cheap and good,"These are even burning, good smoking cigars. I cut mine even though they are pre made with a hole. i have noticed a lot of bitter black gunk if i just smoke them without cutting them."
Good Times Country Man,4 out of 5,Solid everyday smoke,Solid every day smoke
Good Times Country Man,5 out of 5,Enjoyable classroom,"totally enjoyed these usually not a fan of Maduro but I liked these, great flavor and smooth"
Good Times Country Man,5 out of 5,All Fired Up,same great value and flavor I recommend
Good Times Country Man,4 out of 5,Delightful,"great stick for the money , its a bit looser than most but good flavor through out"
Good Times Country Man,5 out of 5,Great cheep smoke.,Great for when you are working.
Good Times Country Man,5 out of 5,very nice,"just right , but shipping is high"
Good Times Country Man,4 out of 5,Cigar Aficionado,Cheap Good Cigar!
Good Times Country Man,5 out of 5,Best value on the site.,Best value on the site.
Good Times Country Man,5 out of 5,Best Deal,"I honestly love Country Man because of the smoke it provides and most of all, the price. I am a retired senior and don't have that much to spend. I used to like the deal more before they added shipping and tax, but, I'll take what I can get."
Good Times Country Man,3 out of 5,Under a dollar,I wanted a cigar I could smoke everyday all day. This is it. I wish the smoke smelled better but for the price I can’t complain.
Good Times Little N Wild,5 out of 5,I loved them,I loved them
Good Times Little N Wild,5 out of 5,I loved them,I loved them
Good Times Little N Wild,5 out of 5,I loved them,I loved them
Good Times Little N Wild,5 out of 5,I loved them,I loved them
Good Times Little N Wild,5 out of 5,Love them !!,Love them !!
Good Times Little N Wild,5 out of 5,Love them !!!,Love them !!!
Good Times Little N Wild,5 out of 5,Good little cigars,Good little cigars
Good Times Little N Wild,5 out of 5,Great,Great smooth flavor and a great burn
Good Times Little N Wild,4 out of 5,fun,great cigar
Good Times Little N Wild,4 out of 5,My wife loves them,ok quick cigar and would buy again
Good Times Little N Wild,5 out of 5,Good times,THEY ARE OK
Good Times Little N Wild,5 out of 5,For the wife,I buy all the flavors for her. It must be a popular item. They are hard to find in stock. But she loves them.
Good Times Little N Wild,5 out of 5,Good Times,I LIKE THEM
Good Times Little N Wild,5 out of 5,For the wife,She loves them.
Good Times Little N Wild,4 out of 5,smooth everyday smoke.,nice smoke for everyday.
Good Times Little N Wild,5 out of 5,Wild for mango,"Used to only smoke regular black n mild wood tip, now I only smoke little n wild mango. They sell out quick so my second choice is peach. Love the flavor!!"
Good Times Little N Wild,4 out of 5,Very affordable and a great,Very affordable and a great cigar company
Good Times Little N Wild,5 out of 5,Very quick shipping,"The extremely quick shipping made me decide to always buy from Cigars International. Will not try any other alternative for my Good Times cigars.
Thanks."
Good Times Little N Wild,4 out of 5,Great product if pipe tabaco cigarillows are your thing. Or if your just curiasm,I only give 5 stars to handroled cigars. But if tiped pipe Tabasco sweat cigarillows are your thing or if your down for something different . This seamed to be the go too. Great product. I haven't seen in my neck of the woods before. Flaverfull but not sickly sweat.
Good Times Little N Wild,3 out of 5,They’re Ok...,"These are all right for a quick smoke, since they get bitter about halfway through, and I can’t finish them. I didn’t find them sweet AT ALL, but for this price, they’ll do for a short break."
Good Times Little N Wild,5 out of 5,Good,Good
Good Times Little N Wild,3 out of 5,not bad but not great,not bad but not great
Good Times Little N Wild,4 out of 5,Life on the go,When in stock they are great for being on the run!
Good Times Little N Wild,5 out of 5,Always correct,I have now made 3 orders and each has been shipped quickly and always correct
Good Times Little N Wild,5 out of 5,Sweet,And cheap. I love Good Times's Little n Wild cigars.
Good Times Little N Wild,5 out of 5,membership,I enjoy the fast efficient way im able to purchase and receive my cigars. Ive ordered a few times and became a member..AWESOME! I love the mango lol
Good Times Little N Wild,5 out of 5,Excellent Place to Buy my Goodies!,I have made a few transactions with Cigar Int. I have been very pleased. My packages have always arrived on time. My items have always arrived in perfect condition and you can tell Cigar Int. packs their shipments with excellent protection. Customer Service Department is excellent and very knowledgeable about their products. I highly recommend doing business with Cigar International.
Good Times Little N Wild,4 out of 5,little and wild fruit punch,Very good taste and easy on the wallet
Good Times Little N Wild,3 out of 5,Good price not so good flavor,Giving it three stars based on price alone. I'm not a fan of the flavor even though I'm usually a fan of blueberry. They aren't horrible by any means but just very artificial. I may try another flavor but won't be purchasing these again. My girlfriend also really dislikes the smell so if you're looking to stay on the safe side maybe go with black & mild or try out a different flavor.
Good Times Little N Wild,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,"Flavorful, juicy, tasty little smokes, had my doubts at first but turned out great! Will definitely order these again!"
Good Times Little N Wild,5 out of 5,VERY GOOD,VERY GOOD
Good Times Little N Wild,5 out of 5,Love Good Times Little N Wild!,Only kind of tobacco product I will smoke! Thank you for such FAST delivery and such a FRESH product! Ordering again NOW!
Good Times Little N Wild,5 out of 5,Little N Wild Mango,"The name sure does fit these cigars! Though they may be little, they are wild with flavor! It's a great cigar to finish off your day! From the beginning of the cigar the flavor bites your pallet and does not give out until you extinguish the cigar! So get ready and go a little wild and grab yourself a tasty cigar! You won't regret this one!"
Good Times Little N Wild,5 out of 5,Blueberry little cigars,"I saw these and thought what the heck for the price I will try them! I am soooooo glad I decided to give them a try! They are so flavorable and they last a long time! So if your looking for a tipped cigar with big flavor, give them a try - you won't regret it!"
Good Times Little N Wild,3 out of 5,Good Times Little N Wild Sweet,"Nice flavor, but a little ""bite"" to this cigar. I love the captain black ""mini tips"" but I do not see them available anymore. Why?"
Good Times Little N Wild,5 out of 5,Good stuff,"good product, good service."
Good Times Little N Wild,5 out of 5,Good!,will purchase from again.
Good Times Little N Wild,5 out of 5,Good service,good service and a great product. Will definitely buy from cigarsinternational.com again.
Good Times Little N Wild,5 out of 5,Awesome company!!,ordering from this company was easy and painless. Shipping was fast and came with tracking. Will continue to use this company in the future.
Good Times Little N Wild,5 out of 5,Superior,Great... Better than Black & Mild cigars... smooth nice long lasting buzz... powerful little guys...and not to mention my girl loves the aroma
Good Times Sweet Woods,5 out of 5,Best budget wrap,"Just as good as backwoods but half the price, easy buy 💯"
Gran Habano #1 Connecticut,5 out of 5,Love them,good cigar
Gran Habano #1 Connecticut,5 out of 5,Perfect Golfers Choice,"Love this cigar, light yet flavorful, burns effortlessly, my perfect “go-to” for the golf course."
Gran Habano #1 Connecticut,4 out of 5,Not Bad At All,I bought a bag of five Gran Habano #1s. I like them. If your just starting out you owe it to yourself to at least try them. They are smooth and burn true right up to the nub. I will always try to keep a few in the humidor just to have a good smooth Connecticut rolled cigar.
Gran Habano #1 Connecticut,5 out of 5,Nice smooth smoke for the,Nice smooth smoke for the price. Great value
Gran Habano #1 Connecticut,5 out of 5,Amazingly Smooth Smoke,"One of the smoothest cigars i've ever had, these are absolutely fantastic. Will be buying more boxes in the future."
Gran Habano #1 Connecticut,3 out of 5,Average,Great price and service. I did however experience a couple of the cigars coming unwrapped.
Gran Habano #1 Connecticut,3 out of 5,Btmp,Good Mellow Cigar
Gran Habano #1 Connecticut,4 out of 5,Almost a 5!,"This is a very good cigar. Well rolled, smooth draw, and so far very consistent."
Gran Habano #1 Connecticut,5 out of 5,Smooth,"Good smooth stick, very nice construction and a good even burn."
Gran Habano #1 Connecticut,5 out of 5,Good purchase,Good purchase
Gran Habano #1 Connecticut,5 out of 5,Very smooth,Very smooth
Gran Habano #1 Connecticut,5 out of 5,My favorite mild stick! #1 for a reason...,"This was the first cigar I fell in love with.... that was 15 years ago. I had to buy a single stick to verify it was just as beautiful as the first I'd smoked.
If you're looking for a loud and complex cigar... this is NOT it. But if you want a light, creamy cigar that is the definition of a Connecticut wrapper, this for you. A beautiful smoke that is nice anytime of day and just sweet enough to be a desert smoke."
Gran Habano #1 Connecticut,4 out of 5,gran habano connecticut,"Great cigar if you want something light but full of flavor. a great afternoon cigar or second cigar . one of my favorites , great price"
Gran Habano #1 Connecticut,5 out of 5,Gran Habano #1 Churchill,"Great smoke at a low price, Draw, taste, and burn all excellent"
Gran Habano #3 Habano,5 out of 5,Cuban?,These smokes have as good a flavor as Cuban monte Cristo #2 pyramid
Gran Habano #3 Habano,4 out of 5,Long smoke,If you want a long smoke here's the cigar for you. Mild to medium.
Gran Habano #3 Habano,5 out of 5,Pepper & Spice and everything nice,"If your like me, and enjoy a spicy, peppery cigar, the Gran Habano #3 Habano is it. It burns well, has a nice medium strength, and loaded with a nice peppery flavor."
Gran Habano #3 Habano,3 out of 5,OK cigar,"Not quite as good as the vintage cigars, but it will do in a pinch."
Gran Habano #3 Habano,4 out of 5,Great value for the bucks,Tried these out while waiting for the (forever back ordered..) 70 gauge of the same series. Definitely a keeper.
Gran Habano #3 Habano,2 out of 5,YOU GOTTA READ THIS,"This is a fair , inexpensive, well dressed, cigar. Like a pretty girl you wanted to take to the prom but had really bad breath. sorry wont re-order these, they really hurt my refined pallet. taste was consistent through out....trust me that was not a good thing. its pretty, fairly well rolled for appearance, burn on all 5 I tried was inconsistent, (has dry spots in areas) flavor was at best so-so. Its a cheap cigar what are you expecting! I do agree that there are some ""grassy notes"" as someone else stated, thats one way to put it. if you just want to hand out cigars... go for it, they are affordable to do that. if your looking for a nice , inexpensive, regular to smoke.....theres allot better out there. BUT that being said it does have a pretty ring."
Gran Habano #3 Habano,4 out of 5,Awesome Cigar,"A very nice smooth cigar, good smoke with an even burn and a price that's easy to take as well."
Gran Habano #3 Habano,4 out of 5,Nice outside smoke,Nice smoke & well made. Smoke rolls out easily. Good smoke for outdoors on a windy. Medium body with lots of pepper on the finish.
Gran Habano #5 Corojo,5 out of 5,Very nice!,I really like this stick! Well constructed and produces lots of smoke! Burns perfectly with no touch ups required! Earthy & nutty.
Gran Habano #5 Corojo,5 out of 5,Great cigars from a great,"Great cigars from a great company, appreciate doing business with you guys........."
Gran Habano #5 Corojo,5 out of 5,Gran Habano #5 Corojo Pyramid,Great cigar.
Gran Habano #5 Corojo,4 out of 5,GREAT DAY TO DAY CIGAR/GOOD,GREAT DAY TO DAY CIGAR/GOOD ONE TO PASS AROUND
Gran Habano #5 Corojo,5 out of 5,cigars,good prices and excellent shipping1
Gran Habano #5 Corojo,5 out of 5,90 mins of Joy.,These cigars are my everyday go to.
Gran Habano #5 Corojo,5 out of 5,90 mins of Joy.,These cigars are my everyday go to.
Gran Habano #5 Corojo,5 out of 5,Too bad ye cain't keepum in stock (I know why...),Everything ye think a fine cigar should be.
Gran Habano #5 Corojo,5 out of 5,Gran Habano #5 Gran Robusto,"After years of being an unwavering Gran Habano #5 Torpedo and Churchill fan I took a leap of faith and sampled the G. H. #5 Gran Robusto. Let me back up a bit. To my surprise I found the Torpedo and Churchill as different as night and day. The smooth Torpedo is the same experience from the first light all the way to the very end. The Churchill is A very different experience. Upon lighting the Churchill you'll experience an almost overwhelmingly bold taste for about the first 1/2 inch of ash. After that the cigar settles in for about 90 minutes of smooth enjoyment. The Gran Robusto, although quite a bit shorter with a bit larger ring, is exactly the same as the Churchill and only takes about 45 minutes to smoke. The flavor is outstanding! The size is perfect for an after dinner smoke with a nice cabernet sauvignon. G. H. #5 Corona Gran Robusta is the very best smoke around for under $6.00 a stick."
Gran Habano #5 Corojo,5 out of 5,Gran Habano #5Pyramid,"I have been smoking Gran Habano #5 Pyramids since they came out. The these pyramids are probably one of the best well rounded cigars on the market. Its the cigar I offer as well as recommend to first time and infrequent cigar enthusiasts. To the band, they are bold with a mild draw."
Gran Habano #5 Corojo,5 out of 5,Sly Dog,"I've tried all Gran Habanos- the Corojo #5 is my favorite and the most recent batch was as good as ever. I've never had a bad one. The cigar is very smooth, but not mild or too tasteless. If you try one, like it and want to enjoy the next one for a longer time, get the Corojo #5 Triumph, which is longer and has a bigger ring than the Churchill."
Gran Habano #5 Corojo,5 out of 5,Gran Habano Corojo #5!,In my opinion - this is still the best cigar I've ever smoked - it's very underrated! It's got a ton of flavor and very full but not straight ligero knock you over! The only cigar that even comes close is Camacho Barrel Aged but this #5 is still better! Enjoy!
Gran Habano #5 Corojo,5 out of 5,GH Czar,Fantastic cigars
Gran Habano #5 Corojo,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Gran Habano #5 Corojo,5 out of 5,wow,"I bought one of the packages you chose a pack of 5 cigars from each tier. I was unfamiliar with all of the cigars on one of the tiers, so i picked the Gran Habano #5 Corojo because I enjoy other corojo cigars. wow! What a great smoke. My husband and I have added this to our humidor as a standard cigar."
Gran Habano #5 Corojo,5 out of 5,Great,Great flavor. Will buy more
Gran Habano #5 Corojo,5 out of 5,Rare Find,"This is a quality cigar for the money. A juicy steak, glass of red wine, and
this Corojo #5 is the way to go. I will be buying another box soon."
Gran Habano #5 Corojo,2 out of 5,Poor construction,"I have ordered this cigar from CI on several occasions. Though the flavor has always been good, the construction issues cannot be ignored. The entire bundle was loosely wrapped, making the burns uneven. I tried a few humidor tricks to remedy the situation but nothing worked. Despite the outstanding price and robust flavor, I will not be ordering this cigar again in the future."
Gran Habano #5 Corojo,4 out of 5,First order,"this is first time buy from cigars international, and happy to deal with them."
Gran Habano #5 Corojo,5 out of 5,My opinion of your product,"the service was very good actually a day early . The cigars were not fresh , burned very poorly had to relight constantly and they were sort of crisp and split and unraveled often. I would never buy this product again..!"
Gran Habano #5 Corojo,5 out of 5,I like,"kind of dry, but I put them in the humidor. Now they're awesome. Thank You for carrying them"
Gran Habano #5 Corojo,5 out of 5,RED PEPPER FLAKES,"I gave this cigar 5 stars because it is indeed a very well made, burning, and tasty cigar. However, it was a bit too strong for my tastes. Its very peppery, like crushed red pepper style. It will hold an ash for two and half inches without a problem."
Gran Habano #5 Corojo Maduro,5 out of 5,"Loved it, great price n","Loved it, great price n delivery....."
Gran Habano #5 Corojo Maduro,5 out of 5,great smoke,Draw is one of the most important things to me. Haven't had a bad one yet. Nice silky taste on the pallet. earthy notes. Have been purchasing these for about a year now. Great smoke around the campfire and hanging with friends.
Gran Habano #5 Corojo Maduro,5 out of 5,Corojo # 5 Gran Habano,"I have been looking for a cigar like this for a long time .
I am enjoying them"
Gran Habano #5 Corojo Maduro,5 out of 5,Great medium/full body cigar.,Solid cigar. Burns well and has a great flavor similar to the Old Boss cigar that I like.
Gran Habano #5 Corojo Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Gran Habano #5 Corojo Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great flavor with some nice complexity.
Gran Habano #5 Corojo Maduro,5 out of 5,Great. Want to order same,Great. Want to order same
Gran Habano #5 Corojo Maduro,5 out of 5,Gran Habano #5 Corojo Maduro Gran Robusto.,"Very nice, tasty and smooth cigar, an essential addition to ones humidor and
definitely your go to cigar for any reason whatsoever at any time of the day."
Gran Habano 3 SLS,4 out of 5,Great Smoke,"Its not the ""full"" profile I expected but it defiantly is a great smoke. I was expecting a little harshness, that just didn't happen A very smooth even burning"
Gran Habano 3 SLS,4 out of 5,a good cigar,a good cigar
Gran Habano 3 SLS,4 out of 5,Great,Great
Gran Habano 3 SLS,5 out of 5,They were okay.,They were okay.
Gran Habano 3 SLS,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Not bad for a sandwich coffee cigar
Gran Habano 3 SLS,4 out of 5,Great stick,Excellent Cigar for the money...
Gran Habano 3 SLS,5 out of 5,"Awesome cigar , affordable ,","Awesome cigar , affordable , great smoke , well made , gave a few to my buddies , they agree ...."
Gran Habano 3 SLS,4 out of 5,Good everyday cigar,Good everyday cigar
Gran Habano 3 SLS,5 out of 5,Outstanding Robusto,"As the title reads: OUTSTANDING ROBUSTO!
Definitely plan to reorder when needed!
Thank you CI NATION! 👍"
Gran Habano 3 SLS,3 out of 5,I like these cigars for,I like these cigars for kicking around the yard or fishing. The price is right for doing those things.
Gran Habano 3 SLS,5 out of 5,Mahvalus smoke! Thick clouds develop,Mahvalus smoke! Thick clouds develop exhale after exhale! Smooth but full flavor.
Gran Habano 3 SLS,4 out of 5,Quality,"Quality to price has always been a hallmark of Gran Habano cigars, and the 3SLS is no exception. Well made, even burning, good strength, sweet cedar and a dash of pepper. I will buy again."
Gran Habano 3 SLS,5 out of 5,5 Star Gran Habano 3 SLS,"Full flavor, great draw slow burning leaving a great ash. Great with a glass of good brandy or bourbon"
Gran Habano 3 SLS,5 out of 5,"Great Smoke, Great Price","You can't beat the price for this delicious cigar. It is a great and flavorful smoke. If you want a shorter smoke, I recommend it's cousin, the Robusto. I can smoke this cigar way down without it being harsh.
I highly recommend giving it a try. If you don't like it, save them for your friends. =O)"
Gran Habano 3 SLS,5 out of 5,Delightful SMoke,"Gran Habano is ""lighting up"" the Cigar world with this delicious cigar! This is every bit of the 92 rating."
Gran Habano 3 SLS,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke and well priced,Excellent smoke and well priced
Gran Habano 3 SLS,5 out of 5,Must try.,Love this cigar. Great flavor profile. If you have not tried this cigar put it on your list!
Gran Habano 3 SLS,4 out of 5,Gran Habano,Well worth the cost. An enjoyable cigar.
Gran Habano 3 SLS,3 out of 5,I've Had Better,Just OK..
Gran Habano 3 SLS,4 out of 5,Good Smoke,The cigar has a nice taste. Not to strong but enough body. My only criticism would be it is rolled a little loose. Seems to burn too fast.
Gran Habano 3 SLS,4 out of 5,Slow Smoke,Great flavor and taste
Gran Habano 3 SLS,4 out of 5,Nice Change Of Pace,This is a nice change from all the Nicaraguan and Dominican cigars that flood the market. A nice flavor of grains and spice. Burned slow cool and even. I received this robusto in a sampler and I am looking forward to trying the rest of the batch.
Gran Habano 3 SLS,4 out of 5,Nice Change Of Pace,This is a nice change from all the Nicaraguan and Dominican cigars that flood the market. A nice flavor of grains and spice. Burned slow cool and even. I received this robusto in a sampler and I am looking forward to trying the rest of the batch.
Gran Habano 3 SLS,4 out of 5,Good cigar,"I am pleased with the cigar's, a great value."
Gran Habano 3 SLS,4 out of 5,"Good Smoke, Good Draw","Good smoke with a good draw, but some in the bundle will come apart on you"
Gran Habano 3 SLS,4 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Gran Habano 3 SLS,5 out of 5,Very GOOD,Very nice Draw sent some to my Brother in law who also really enjoyed
Gran Habano 3 SLS,3 out of 5,Pleasant,Dries to quickly even in a humidor. JB
Gran Habano 3 SLS,3 out of 5,good cigar,"A good, rich full flavored cigar."
Gran Habano 3 SLS,3 out of 5,Stems and other interesting tidbits,Stems and other interesting tidbits
Gran Habano 3 SLS,5 out of 5,Love the Gran Habano 3SLS’s,This has become my everyday go to cigar! I love them.
Gran Habano 3 SLS,4 out of 5,Nice pleasant smoke,I would buy it again thanks
Gran Habano 3 SLS,4 out of 5,great easy,outstanding smoke
Gran Habano 3 SLS,4 out of 5,Nice mild breakfast cigar.,"Smooth easy draw, reasonably well made, tasty enough for a fairly mild cigar. It's a great gar for a nice and gentle breakfast smoke."
Gran Habano 3 SLS,1 out of 5,Jeff C,"Couldn't keep them lit, did not draw well. I have had them in the past and they were good. Not this time."
Gran Habano 3 SLS,3 out of 5,average,Really an average burn for an average price. I would wait to get them on sale!
Gran Habano 3 SLS,5 out of 5,Just a great smoke....,"Ok, 90% of my cigar collection is Nicaraguan... I only state that so others might see what my main preference is. While ""nica"" is my preference, these beautifully smoking sticks are among my favorites. Warm, cedar-y and lightly peppered smoke is rich without being overwhelming. This cigar, like Gran Habano Connecticut #1, RyJ 1875 and Alec Bradley Tempus tastes (to me) exactly what a cigar should taste like! Don't get me wrong... I love what boutique brands are doing in making creative sticks with notes and flavors the standards have yet to attempt trying, but I think we all have a mental idea of what exactly ""screams"" CIGAR (in a good way, of course). This is one of those cigars.
Having purchased a couple boxes and smoked most of them... I have had a couple that started to unwrap (even when cutting the cap, not going to low) also, the occasional one burns unevenly.
So don't misconstrue 5-stars meaning 100% perfection. 5-stars, for me, equals such a nice smoke that even the ocasional mishap does not discount the quality of the cigar for me. Can't go wrong for the price and quality. I'm actually about to order my 5th and 6th box
Also, goes well with bourbon and other blended whiskies."
Gran Habano 3 SLS,5 out of 5,Grand Havana imperials,Great Honduran cigars! A very mild delicious taste. And best of all the prices right
Gran Habano 3 SLS,5 out of 5,A Beautiful Cigar,This is one of the best cigars I have smoked. I like a fat cigar with a smooth draw and this one delivers. Very satisfying.
Gran Habano 3 SLS,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Really good smoke for the price it’s my go to cigar for a daily smoker that won’t break the bank
Gran Habano 3 SLS,5 out of 5,Great intense flavor!,These Gran Habanos mark their grand naming with flavor contained within their appropiate size. A cigar that reflects true value.
Gran Habano 3 SLS,5 out of 5,A very good smoke at a good price price,I was pleasantly surprised with this cigar.
Gran Habano 3 SLS,3 out of 5,They were a little dried,They were a little dried out but the smoke was fine
Gran Habano 3 SLS,4 out of 5,Gran Habano 3 SLS Imperiales,They were ok medium draw on most 1/3 were a hard draw and required poking. Over half did not burn evenly.
Gran Habano 3 SLS,1 out of 5,Very poor construction,"Burns crooked, 19 of 20. Wrapper leaves unravel."
Gran Habano 3 SLS,5 out of 5,Excellent,"Even burn, consistant flavor/taste."
Gran Habano 3 SLS,3 out of 5,A fair cigar!,"Having been a fan of Gran Habano cigars in the past, I was anticipating the arrival of the Imperiales’. However, I was somewhat disappointed in them. I seem to be having to constantly relight them even while smoking aggressively!"
Gran Habano 3 SLS,4 out of 5,3 SLS,"Nice cigar, but occasionally burns fast and uneven. Smooth finish"
Gran Habano 3 SLS,3 out of 5,Fair,Not constructed well some didn't burn properly
Gran Habano 3 SLS,5 out of 5,Gran Habano 3 SLS Robusto,"Becoming my favorite cigar. Full flavor, great construction, very smooth, and a fine finish down to the nub. Holds up great out on the lake."
Gran Habano Minis,4 out of 5,A Great Quick One,"Pretty nice quick smoke, good for drives to the store or for a walk. Strength is just right and the flavor is pretty good but not overpowering. Only thing I dont like is that its in somewhat flimsy box rather than nice time or something more sturdy."
Gran Habano Minis,5 out of 5,Fills the bill.,"Nice ten minute smoke. Good tasting, medium strength, but tends to go out if you aren’t paying attention."
Gran Habano Minis,5 out of 5,Good smoke. Need more variety,Good smoke. Need more variety of sizes would be everything.
Gran Habano Minis,5 out of 5,Excellent taste and value.,Excellent taste and value.
Gran Habano Minis,4 out of 5,Decent small smoke,If u don't mind a few tobacco bits in your mouth this smoke tastes as good as other higher priced small smokes.
Gran Habano Minis,4 out of 5,Gran Habano Conn.,Best line of cigarillos I have smoked. Smooth with a touch of spicy flavor. Not always the prettiest of cigarillos in construction but still an excellent smoke. Disappointed when I tried to order some more this week and you were out of all blends of this line of cigarllos.
Gran Habano Minis,5 out of 5,Good smokes,"Happy with the price, quality and assistance."
Gran Habano Minis,5 out of 5,Gran Habano Cigarillos,Best cigarillos that I've ever smoked. Habanos are a nice medium body smoke. Corojo's are an excellent full body smoke- very spicy.
Gran Habano Minis,5 out of 5,Perfect little smoke,Perfect little smoke
Gran Habano Minis,4 out of 5,Gran Habano Minis #1,"Great mini. Smooth and just the right size for a quick break in the action smoke. Well made and durable. 4 stars only due to the vessel they come in. I buy minis to throw in my wildland fire pack and the absence of the metal case was the only reason for the 4. Overall, a great buy."
Gran Habano Minis,5 out of 5,"Flavor Maxed, Mini Size","These Puritos are actual cigars, not ""cigarillos""! They have great flavor,
and are a great way to have a smoke when that hard-to-find corona is not at hand. Best, they are fresh and tasty, not dry and homogenized...
Slick"
Gran Habano Minis,5 out of 5,"Better quality, better price!","These Gran Habano Minis are a big step up from most cigarillos. The tobacco isn't fragmented, so when you smoke one you don't spend half your time picking tobacco fragments from your lips and mouth. The aroma is a pleasure as well."
Gran Habano Minis,3 out of 5,Big flavor. Tiny stick.,"Although packed with cedar and cashew, these tiny cigars lack the density to make me believe I'm puffing on a 'real' cigar. Upon lighting you'll immediately be entranced with the complexity of rich coffee and cedar, keep your whits about you though, as this tiny cigar morphs rather quickly into a potent beast."
Gran Habano Minis,5 out of 5,Real Cigarillo,"No paper binder and good wrapper quick smoke.
I put em in a holder from a wooden Casino Black N Mild holder. No burned lips"
Gran Habano Minis,5 out of 5,Easy to order👊✌,I find it easy to order the cigars I'm looking for. You have a vast collection for me to decide. Keep up good work!👊
Gran Habano Minis,5 out of 5,Excellent corojo flavor in a small package!,"I've recently smoked many cigarillos looking for one that truly satisfies, and the Gran Habano Mini Corojo #5 (Red box) is the one. They have a full bodied and full strength profile with tremendous amounts of corojo taste. The great thing about these is that you are always left satisfied after smoking one. You're never left wishing you had smoked a full size cigar. They are a perfect short smoke and I highly recommend these to everyone!"
Gran Habano Minis,5 out of 5,quick stick,great quick sticks
Gran Habano Minis,5 out of 5,quick stick,really good quick stick
Gran Habano Minis,4 out of 5,Ring size does matter,Ring size does matter
Gran Habano Minis,4 out of 5,Quick hitter,Came in handy when a fast smoke was appropriate. Good tobacco.
Gran Habano Minis,5 out of 5,A full cigar in a tiny package,"When I didn't have time for a robusto or belicoso, I used to go for a half corona because that's where I'd find a full body stick with about a half hour smoke time. These little suckers are just as satisfying and only about a 15 minute smoke. I love them."
Gran Habano Minis,3 out of 5,Satisfied but could use improvement,Some were excellent some good and a couple did not draw well. Good 10 minute smokes I keep in the console of the truck for a good quick smoke.
Gran Habano Minis,2 out of 5,Needs improvement,I like a few Gran Habano offerings in regular cigars but these are not very good. Most would agree a small cigarillo should be a short but intense experience with great tobacco (just a small curl would do the job!) yet it seems most are sweepings from off the floor(looking at you AC grenadiers...) at best or priced so high as to rival just getting a full cigar. Once again I go back to looking for a decent affordable cigarillo for the winter months..
Gran Habano Minis,2 out of 5,Gran Habano Minis #5 Corojo,"A very harsh cigar with the flavor of burning weeds not what I hoped for. Very disappointing purchase. The worst mini I have ever encountered. I thoroughly enjoy the 2002 Gran Habano and hoped for something remotely similar, but not nearly so lucky."
Gran Habano Minis,5 out of 5,Gran Habano Minis #3 Habano,"Full Bodied, easy draw, good burn, great 10-15 minute smoke."
Gran Habano Minis,5 out of 5,Good smoke when time is short,"Full flavored little cigar. Lasts a good 15minutes,and is perfect when you don't have 45 min. to an hour for your regular stogie. A bit hard to handle if you have large hands,but worth the effort. Will order more soon!"
Gran Habano Vintage Connecticut 2004,4 out of 5,Nice smike,Nice smike
Gran Habano Vintage Connecticut 2004,5 out of 5,Gran Habano Robusto,"Excellent anytime cigar. Easy draw, good billowing smoke, holds even burn. Good cigar if your time is limited to 1/2-3/4 hour."
Gran Habano Vintage Connecticut 2004,5 out of 5,GHV,High dollar taste at a low price point
Gran Habano Vintage Connecticut 2004,5 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
Gran Habano Vintage Connecticut 2004,5 out of 5,Always a reliable good smoke!,Always a reliable good smoke!
Gran Habano Vintage Connecticut 2004,4 out of 5,Nice smoke,Unbeatable for the price.
Gran Habano Vintage Connecticut 2004,4 out of 5,Good everyday smoke with a,Good everyday smoke with a easy draw.
Gran Habano Vintage Connecticut 2004,5 out of 5,Not bad,Nice mellow draw I would buy again
Gran Habano Vintage Connecticut 2004,4 out of 5,Great cigar for the price,Was pleasantly surprised of the quality for the price; have reordered these.
Gran Habano Vintage Connecticut 2004,4 out of 5,Enjoyable,"These are enjoyable, smooth, medium bodied smokers at a great price."
Gran Habano Vintage Connecticut 2004,4 out of 5,Good,Good
Gran Habano Vintage Connecticut 2004,5 out of 5,Great Taste,This cigar has a light taste to it and is a good budget smoke.
Gran Habano Vintage Connecticut 2004,5 out of 5,very good cigars,one of the best cigars i have smoked since i started easy drawing and the taste is great --i need to get more of these
Gran Habano Vintage Connecticut 2004,5 out of 5,Gran Habano Robustos,"These bad boys are great to enjoy anywhere, especially at a bar. I have had people come over to me and tell me that it puts out great aroma! Premium flavor with a nice burn! These are a must for your humidor!!!"
Gran Habano Vintage Connecticut 2004,5 out of 5,Good Smoke,"Great Cigar, great price, nice and fresh!!!"
Gran Habano Vintage Connecticut 2004,5 out of 5,Great anytime cigar.,Great anytime cigar. Has a good draw. A cigar I would like to smoke if I'm not sipping a good drink.
Gran Habano Vintage Connecticut 2004,3 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
Gran Habano Vintage Connecticut 2004,5 out of 5,New smoke,Switched and really enjoy size & strength.
Gran Habano Vintage Connecticut 2004,5 out of 5,Great smoke at a reasonable,Great smoke at a reasonable price
Gran Habano Vintage Connecticut 2004,5 out of 5,Bad burn,"About a third of the cigars burned quickly up the middle, wrapper did nto burn, A big time ""runner."""
Gran Habano Vintage Connecticut 2004,3 out of 5,Unimpressed,"I was expecting better based on the reviews. While a mild cigar, it has a harshness to it."
Gran Habano Vintage Connecticut 2004,5 out of 5,gran habano vintage 2004 robusto......,"these are much better then the ones that l bought before, ( the vintage 2002, which l didn't like much)... l also got the Gurkha class regent , which l also liked.. both were robusto and will soon be ordering more... thank you.. A. Alejandro"
Gran Habano Vintage Connecticut 2004,2 out of 5,So SO,NOT A GREAT burning cigar
Gran Habano Vintage Connecticut 2004,5 out of 5,+Good+smoke.,Cigar+need+to+touch+up+here+and+there.+Have+a+good+start.+A+very+nice+finish.
Gran Habano Vintage Connecticut 2004,4 out of 5,Great daily smoke for a,Great daily smoke for a great price..will be ordering them again
Gran Habano Vintage Connecticut 2004,5 out of 5,1st time buyer,Loved the fact that my purchase was delivered with the cigars ready to enjoy and not dry requiring recovery time In my humidor
Gran Habano Vintage Connecticut 2004,3 out of 5,Its meh,"Unimpressed. I enjoy Gran Habano cigars, they have great quality and great prices, however if I were you I would jump on the 3 SLS or the 2002 Vintage in Corojo. There is no distinct flavor and I find many have a hard draw. Its a good knockaround cigar, but nothing more"
Gran Habano Vintage Corojo 2002,5 out of 5,Amazing cigars especially for that,Amazing cigars especially for that price
Gran Habano Vintage Corojo 2002,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Gran Habano Vintage Corojo 2002,4 out of 5,Good smoke,"It’s a good smoke, many are wrapped too tight to smoke at the punch end.
Make sure to light the wood wrapper to light the cigar!! Great flavor!!"
Gran Habano Vintage Corojo 2002,4 out of 5,Great,Great
Gran Habano Vintage Corojo 2002,4 out of 5,This is my daily smoke,This is my daily smoke . It takes me to anb from work every day.
Gran Habano Vintage Corojo 2002,4 out of 5,Excellent even burn,Packed with a good flavor thats not too bold. A good long smoke for any outting.
Gran Habano Vintage Corojo 2002,5 out of 5,..Premium Blend ..Premium Taste ..without,"..Premium Blend
..Premium Taste
..without a Premium Price"
Gran Habano Vintage Corojo 2002,5 out of 5,Flavor and consistency,"I liked the single I bought so much that I came back and bought 2 bundles. This cigar had excellent complex flavors, goes through clean transitions, and is consistent on both burn and smoke production.
In my opinion, the very finest cigar that can be bought for the lowest price point."
Gran Habano Vintage Corojo 2002,5 out of 5,Great for the $$,"5 star for price to quality ratio. Excellent burn and presentation. Great baking spice, just wish it was a little sweeter."
Gran Habano Vintage Corojo 2002,5 out of 5,Smooth easy flavor.,Smooth easy flavor.
Gran Habano Vintage Corojo 2002,3 out of 5,Personally I like it With,Personally I like it With a little more strength and flavor
Gran Habano Vintage Corojo 2002,3 out of 5,consistant,good daily smoke
Gran Habano Vintage Corojo 2002,5 out of 5,Excellent,I thought it was a perfect blend of taste and smoothness
Gran Habano Vintage Corojo 2002,5 out of 5,smooth smoke,I really enjoy this cigar. It is one of my all time favorites!
Gran Habano Vintage Corojo 2002,4 out of 5,Very good,Very good
Gran Habano Vintage Corojo 2002,5 out of 5,Nice,Nice
Gran Habano Vintage Corojo 2002,5 out of 5,Terrific,"Wonderful cigar: lights well, stays lit, has a great flavor. I always try to keep some of these beauties on hand!"
Gran Habano Vintage Corojo 2002,4 out of 5,nice flavor,smokes well taste good mild great price for a smoke this good and I've smoked them for a couple of years
Gran Habano Vintage Corojo 2002,4 out of 5,Gran Habano 2002 churchill,Enjoyable smoke at a great price 👍👍
Gran Habano Vintage Corojo 2002,4 out of 5,Good Cheap cigar,"I like this cigar for it's good taste and consumer friendly pricing if such a thing exists. That said I have never been one of those whom can pick out, How Does it Go, Oh yeah: notes of leather? Coffee? Nuts? Not even wild hickory nuts-Yule Gibbens. Sorry I just don't. If it feels good on the tongue and doesn't fall apart its a pretty fair one for me, sorry. I can't afford the luxury of Cubans to have a more highly positive reviews and I will not spend 11 to 23 dollars on any cigar that not not made in cuba period. Besides nothing even comes close, IMHO."
Gran Habano Vintage Corojo 2002,5 out of 5,Enjoying cigar,great taste
Gran Habano Vintage Corojo 2002,5 out of 5,Good smoke burns evenly priced,Good smoke burns evenly priced right
Gran Habano Vintage Corojo 2002,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Gran Habano Vintage Corojo 2002,5 out of 5,Great overall cigar,My Dad turned me on to this one. Great overall cigar. The price is really good. Can not go wrong with this one. Perfect golfing cigar. It lowered my score!
Gran Habano Vintage Corojo 2002,5 out of 5,A go to cigar,Really like this Cigar good burn good taste good flavor
Gran Habano Vintage Corojo 2002,5 out of 5,2002,Always a great smoke probably my favorite!
Gran Habano Vintage Corojo 2002,4 out of 5,Beach Cigar,"Good cigar, bigger gauge than I generally smoke, but good on the beach"
Gran Habano Vintage Corojo 2002,3 out of 5,"Meh, not good construction.","Disappointed to say the least. Bought a bundle over a year ago so they’ve had plenty of time in the humi. Every stick burns unevenly, has big veins, and takes a lot of effort to keep it burning. Smoke output is poor. Flavor is decent and well rounded in the middle third. I’ll continue to give these to friends who don’t smoke cigars."
Gran Habano Vintage Corojo 2002,5 out of 5,Worth every cent!,"Great price, taste great and burns nice! I’ll keep buy theses."
Gran Habano Vintage Corojo 2002,5 out of 5,Great sticks,"Oliva Connecticut is smooth as butter with a very consistent draw!
Grand Habano is a mellow inexpensive go to stick!!!"
Gran Habano Vintage Corojo 2002,4 out of 5,"Definitely a great smoke, flavorful and enjoyable. ‼💯🔥","Bought a box and went through real quick, saved one for quite awhile before smoking it, forgot how great these are, peppery and smooth great burn extremely consistent. I think I will go with the XO next only complaint is the experience ended too soon."
Gran Habano Vintage Corojo 2002,5 out of 5,Vintage,Great stick
Gran Habano Vintage Corojo 2002,5 out of 5,Good tasting cigar,"Top rated, smooth nutty flavor with hint of cedar"
Gran Habano Vintage Corojo 2002,5 out of 5,Tops in my book,"My top cigar, never dissapoints, rich leathery peppery flavor"
Gran Habano Vintage Corojo 2002,5 out of 5,This cigar has a great,This cigar has a great draw and full of flavor!
Gran Habano Vintage Corojo 2002,4 out of 5,Good taste!!,Good taste!!
Gran Habano Vintage Corojo 2002,5 out of 5,Good stick,Good stick for the price! Will get more
Gran Habano Vintage Corojo 2002,5 out of 5,tasty,smooth and tasty with a nice draw
Gran Habano Vintage Corojo 2002,5 out of 5,Great smoke for the price.,"Not a lot of flavor, but not too bold..not too mild...nice draw, even burn."
Gran Habano Vintage Corojo 2002,4 out of 5,Great,Great
Gran Habano Vintage Corojo 2002,5 out of 5,Nice smoke,"Nice draw, good flavor Good price."
Gran Habano Vintage Corojo 2002,4 out of 5,Nice satisfying cigar!,"Great cigar to smoke at any time. Good with morning coffee and as an after dinner smoke. Medium strength, nice tones of wood and cocoa. Well made with some variation of flavors and aroma throughout. Good from ene to end. Good value for the money."
Gran Habano Vintage Corojo 2002,5 out of 5,Great cicar,Great tasting cigar. I really liked it alot
Gran Habano Vintage Corojo 2002,5 out of 5,Smooth and mild. Relaxing smoke.,Smooth and mild. Relaxing smoke.
Gran Habano Vintage Corojo 2002,5 out of 5,Wow!!!,Some of the best smoothest cigars around! Definitely a favorite for me now!
Gran Habano Vintage Corojo 2002,4 out of 5,Nice flavor!,Pleasant cigar to smoke with a bold wine.
Gran Habano Vintage Corojo 2002,5 out of 5,Always a great balue,Smooth taste with a wonderful aroma and pleasant burn.
Gran Habano Vintage Corojo 2002,3 out of 5,Not a bad cigar. Expected,"Not a bad cigar. Expected more flavor from the cigar, glad I got it at a discount."
Gran Habano Vintage Corojo 2002,5 out of 5,Great vintage cigar at a,Great vintage cigar at a great sale price
Gran Habano Vintage Corojo 2002,4 out of 5,Gran habano corojo,Great cigar nice flavor for great price
Gran Habano Vintage Habano 2006,4 out of 5,Glad i tried Habano,Talk about consistent flavor and enjoyability.
Gran Habano Vintage Habano 2006,5 out of 5,Great draw and flavor.,Great draw and flavor.
Gran Habano Vintage Habano 2006,4 out of 5,"Good value cigar, with an","Good value cigar, with an earthy quality and touch of unidentified sweetness, perhaps cinnamon; a mild to strong cigar with sometimes uneven draw."
Gran Habano Vintage Habano 2006,5 out of 5,Good smooth smoke,Good smooth smoke
Gran Habano Vintage Habano 2006,5 out of 5,Bold flavor - easy burn.,Bold flavor - easy burn. Consistent flavor.
Gran Habano Vintage Habano 2006,4 out of 5,Very good but seemed hard,Very good but seemed hard to keep lit
Gran Habano Vintage Habano 2006,5 out of 5,First Try of 2006 Gran Habano,"I usually buy the 2002 Gran Habono and decided to also try the 2006. It's a good cigar, smooth draw with about medium strength. I could include the usual BS about the taste starting off like unicorn horn and ending with a hints of gopher feet, but let's skip that. Bottom line is that it's a good cigar, about medium strength and CI has a good price point on it. I'll buy more."
Gran Habano Vintage Habano 2006,4 out of 5,Very good,Very good
Gran Habano Vintage Habano 2006,5 out of 5,Fully met expectations!,Fully met expectations!
Gran Habano Vintage Habano 2006,4 out of 5,Good every day puff,This is good smoke for every day without breaking the bank.
Gran Habano Vintage Habano 2006,5 out of 5,Great Value Cigar,"This is one fine cigar. Good plentyfull smoke, rich flavor but not the spicy aftertaste of the pepper. Handsome looking, no problems with construccion.
For the price it's a great value."
Gran Habano Vintage Habano 2006,5 out of 5,"These cigars need time. The longer you wait, the more they will repay you.",Looking back at them was like an angel
Gran Habano Vintage Habano 2006,4 out of 5,Good cigar. Good flavor. Good,Good cigar. Good flavor. Good burn
Gran Habano Vintage Habano 2006,4 out of 5,Patience is rewarded,Need to let them sit in the humidor for at least 3 weeks and THEN they smoke great.
Gran Habano Vintage Habano 2006,4 out of 5,Nice cigar,"nice mellow smoke, had a runner in there, but one out of 20 isn't bad."
Gran Habano Vintage Habano 2006,3 out of 5,Good but some bad builds,Good but some bad builds
Gran Habano Vintage Habano 2006,4 out of 5,Not bad!,These churchills are a decent everyday smoke. I share them with friends on the golf course!
Gran Habano Vintage Habano 2006,4 out of 5,Nice but very mild,Nice cigar though a bit milder than I’m accustomed to. The draw is good but could be better. Wrap is fine as is ash. As I prefer bolder smokes I doubt I would order again.
Gran Habano Vintage Habano 2006,4 out of 5,Overall a pretty good cigar,"They arrived with dried out, brittle, wrappers. Smoked a couple over the next couple of days and found the taste to be dry and hot, the wrappers cracked and split and the burn wasn't very even. Put them in the humidor for a couple of weeks and tried another one. The cracking, splitting wrapper problem was gone and they developed a much better taste. After another couple of weeks in the humidor they improved markedly. The burn was even and developed a nice ash. The taste was even better, they had developed a nice coffee/chocolate taste, was smooth and without bite. A good solid medium cigar that I will purchase again, knowing I will leave them in the humidor for a while before smoking."
Gran Habano Vintage Habano 2006,3 out of 5,Fragile wrappers. Good mild to,Fragile wrappers. Good mild to medium body and flavor.
Gran Habano Vintage Habano 2006,5 out of 5,I’ve liked most Gran Habano’s,"I’ve liked most Gran Habano’s and this one in particular! The ring was a little too big, 60 I believe, but that was my mistake when ordering!"
Gran Habano Vintage Habano 2006,4 out of 5,Very good every day smoke,Very good every day smoke for the money
Gran Habano Vintage Habano 2006,5 out of 5,Good Cigar,"This is a very good cigar. One of my favorites, especially when discounted!"
Gran Habano Vintage Habano 2006,4 out of 5,Not bad..,"I like the Grand Habanos and these were surprising good. A nice earthy flavor without being overpowering. Overall, a very decent smoke. Good pricing too!"
Gran Habano Vintage Habano 2006,3 out of 5,Would buy again.,Would buy again.
Gran Habano Vintage Habano 2006,4 out of 5,Gran Habanos 5x50,what a nice mild smoke..consistent burn and nice flavor
Gran Habano Vintage Habano 2006,5 out of 5,Cigars,"A great cigar, hus and rely enjoys them!"
Gran Habano Vintage Habano 2006,4 out of 5,great smoke - all the,great smoke - all the time - any time
Gran Habano Vintage Habano 2006,5 out of 5,My Go-To Stick,"My regularly purchased cigar! Blend is balanced with good smoke, easy draw and medium in taste. The lingering smoke scent smells great and is very soothing. Churchill is my favorite size for 60+ mins on the outside deck!"
Gran Habano Vintage Habano 2006,3 out of 5,Ok cigars,Ok cigars
Gran Habano Vintage Habano 2006,5 out of 5,My favorites!,"For the money, Gran Habanos are my favorite cigar, hands down. They always have a rich and complex flavor, without the harshness or bitterness. Simply yummy!"
Gran Habano Vintage Habano 2006,4 out of 5,"Smooth, with a smoky finish.","Smooth, with a smoky finish. Enjoyed."
Gran Habano Vintage Habano 2006,5 out of 5,Great stick! You just can't,Great stick! You just can't go wrong with the Gran Habano Cigars. Price is affordable and the flavor is fantastic.
Gran Habano Vintage Habano 2006,5 out of 5,Keeper!,"Smooth draw, even burn and lots of tasty smoke! Will purchase again!!"
Gran Habano Vintage Habano 2006,4 out of 5,Decent low price cigar,Not much more to say. This is a good smoke with strong flavor and no pepper. It is my go to cigar when I am out of others
Gran Habano Vintage Habano 2006,5 out of 5,Bold and great smoke,Bold and great smoke
Gran Habano Vintage Habano 2006,4 out of 5,Habana 2006,"Good burn, nice draw, pretty good for the price point."
Gran Habano Vintage Habano 2006,4 out of 5,Cigars,"I did not buy the robusto, I bought the torpedo. I might add that they were very dried out and crumbly when I received them."
Gran Habano Vintage Habano 2006,3 out of 5,Gran Habano,Good burning cigar but nothing special on the flavor or finish!
Gran Habano Vintage Habano 2006,5 out of 5,The best!,Delivered fast and fresh
Gran Habano Vintage Habano 2006,4 out of 5,Good flavor,Take your time with this smoke. Enjoy
Gran Habano Vintage Habano 2006,5 out of 5,Gdg rev,Very good
Gran Habano Vintage Habano 2006,4 out of 5,Just the right size and,Just the right size and taste excellent value.
Gran Habano Vintage Habano 2006,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke for the price,"Excellent, mild smoke that burns evenly. I buy cigars only from CI. Why can’t you reward me with a good reliable lighter. Thank you"
Gran Habano Vintage Habano 2006,5 out of 5,A great smoke,Enjoyed the churchill I ordered. Also a great price point and enjoyed the free shipping.
Gran Habano Vintage Habano 2006,5 out of 5,Habano 2006,This was a great buy. Very happy.
Gran Habano Vintage Habano 2006,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Great smoke for the price.
Gran Habano Vintage Habano 2006,3 out of 5,Habana robustro,"I prefer my smoke to be rolled tightly , the smoke of the robustro is a good smoke but doesn’t burn evenly , don’t get me wrong it is a good smoke"
Gran Habano Vintage Habano 2006,5 out of 5,Great Value!,Great Value!
Gran Habano Vintage Habano 2006,4 out of 5,Good,Very
Gran Habano Zulu Zulu Black S.E.,4 out of 5,These are pretty decent cigars,These are pretty decent cigars
Gran Habano Zulu Zulu Black S.E.,4 out of 5,Nice surprise,"I have my normal rotation of favorite cigars. All with big names and prices. Got these for yard work, figuring they were cheap enough to gamble on. Surprise! Very pleasant. Nice flavor and draw. A little harsh at the end. Wrap issues, but doesn't ruin the smoke. Worth the risk."
Gran Habano Zulu Zulu Black S.E.,5 out of 5,Excellance in a wrapper,This is an outstanding cigar ! If you enjoy the Grand Habano 2002.. well kick it up a notch and you've got Zulu Zulu Black.
Gran Habano Zulu Zulu Black S.E.,5 out of 5,Kudos to CI and Gran Habano,"Cool, even burn. Delicious flavors. Not overpowering. Zulu Zulu is must have in your rotation."
Gran Habano Zulu Zulu Black S.E.,4 out of 5,Worth a Try,Nice every day cigar with good taste and an even burn
Gran Habano Zulu Zulu Black S.E.,4 out of 5,Zulus,Very nice
Gran Habano Zulu Zulu Black S.E.,4 out of 5,Decent Smoke,I was looking for something decent to puff on while tinkering in my workshop. This stogie fills the bill.
Gran Habano Zulu Zulu Black S.E.,4 out of 5,Gran Habano Zulu Zulu,I found this cigar to have a somewhat earthy flavor with a nice even burn. A good everyday smoke!
Grand Marnier,5 out of 5,Awesome,Awesome
Grand Marnier,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke while sipping on a margarita.
Grand Marnier,4 out of 5,Fall in love with the aroma of this pretty lady,"You’ll fall in love with the aroma of this beautifully crafted and packaged cigar. The smoke itself is a mild one with subtle hints of the Grand Marnier. It’s tasty but certainly not overwhelming. Again it’s a mild smoke—I imagine it would be nice coupled with a small glass of Grand Marnier on the side, too."
Grand Marnier,5 out of 5,Nice relaxing smoke,I have recently tried infused cigars. Wasn't really impressed by them. Yet the Grand Marnier has a gentle hint and not overpowering taste that alters the smoke. It is not your everyday smoke but it is a nice once in awhile smoke with a nice neat Grand Marnier drink.
Grand Marnier,4 out of 5,Grand Marnier Cigar,"All in all not a bad smoke , although I would have hoped for more grand Marnier flavor."
Grand Prize by EP Carrillo,4 out of 5,Fantastic budget stick,"Great cigar for the price (I purchased on sale, but not far off list). Smooth throughout with a good mixture of sweet and woody notes. Should suit many different palate preferences."
Grand Prize by EP Carrillo,5 out of 5,"Sleeping ""Good Qualtiy"" Cigar","Tried these when on sale. Very surprised, Excellent cigar, making it one of my favorites."
Grand Prize by EP Carrillo,5 out of 5,Carrillo Robust - cigar,"This cigar is one of the best I have purchased, it smokes slow and smooth and has incredible taste. I will purchase this cigar again!"
Grand Prize by EP Carrillo,4 out of 5,Daily smoke,"This was a good value for the money, nice smoke , I let them mellow in my humidor for a while and then I started to enjoy them on a daily basis. Will purchase them again."
Graycliff 10 Year Vintage Maduro,4 out of 5,Great Smokes,"Very good smokes, always seem to be over priced but on sale. Perhaps a sales tactic, but all said great smokes."
Graycliff 10 Year Vintage Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"When you take the sleeve off this cigar you see and feel that it is a top notch cigar well rolled the wrapper is spot on. great aroma a hint of chocolate. It is a pleasure to smoke, some cigars are hard smokes but this Graycliff almost smokes itself., easy draw and a perfect burn ( no retouching) white ash and lots of smoke. The taste starts with a bit of chocolate and spices and after the first inch mellow into a taste that I can't describe other than great blend of tobacco and leather (I really not sure what leather tastes like but its close) The second half of the stick builds slightly in strength but never more than medium. I don't normally don't like to ""nub"" out a cigar but this one I smoke to the last inch don't want it to end!!!.Prices of Graycliff are usually out of my price range but when they are on sale especially in the sampler with the 30 year wrapper, professionale blue and red under $80 they are the best sampler going I on my ninth sampler"
Graycliff 10 Year Vintage Maduro,5 out of 5,smooth smoke great flavor,smooth smoke great flavor
Graycliff 10 Year Vintage Maduro,5 out of 5,"Great cigars, great price on","Great cigars, great price on the sampler"
Graycliff 10 Year Vintage Maduro,5 out of 5,LOVE THEM,LOVE THEM
Graycliff 10 Year Vintage Maduro,5 out of 5,Fancy,Great smokes for nice occasions. Or if you’re like me and only smoke the best daily!
Graycliff 10 Year Vintage Maduro,5 out of 5,Graycliff 10 Year Vintage Maduro Pirate,I loved it!!!
Graycliff 10 Year Vintage Maduro,4 out of 5,Graycliff,A winner for sure. If you’re a Maduro fan this one should be in the humidor. Tasty with a bold sweetness.
Graycliff 10 Year Vintage Maduro,4 out of 5,OK,"A little to tightly wrapped for me, but a good taste"
Graycliff 10 Year Vintage Maduro,5 out of 5,Fit For Any Humidor,"This is my favorite everyday cigar due to the exceptional taste, construction, burn, draw and aroma. This cigar rarely disappoints and is just a fantastic smoke from beginning to end. Definitely fit for any humidor. A nearly perfect cigar!"
Graycliff 10 Year Vintage Maduro,5 out of 5,Premium Cigars,"These are excellent full-bodied Maduro cigars available at a reasonable price. Their dark, rich and oily wrappers
ensure a tasty and consistent smoke with no chance
of unraveling and diminishing one’s pleasure. Both are well constructed, even burn, full of rich flavors and tasty.
I highly recommend this marriage!"
Graycliff 10 Year Vintage Maduro,5 out of 5,graycliff and freebie,they were for a gift the report was Fantastic!
Graycliff 10 Year Vintage Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Stick,"From start of finish a nice even burn, with spice, chocolate, and coffee flavors that stayed on the pallet.
Medium to full flavor. Stick lasted approximately 1:15 min.
I think it’s worth trying ."
Graycliff 10 Year Vintage Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke. The cigar burns,Great smoke. The cigar burns evenly down to the nub with not change of flavor or intensity.
Graycliff 10 Year Vintage Maduro,5 out of 5,Very good Maduro,"These are a tasty stick, very good construction and a long burn. I was impressed with the taste and will be buying more."
Graycliff 10 Year Vintage Maduro,5 out of 5,WOW,"These smokes are great, good burn, excellant draw, fantastic taste. I'll buy more of them!"
Graycliff 10 Year Vintage Maduro,5 out of 5,Graycliff 10 Year Vintage Maduro,"Graycliff 10 Year Vintage Maduro-WOW,very flavorful and one of the best smokes ever."
Graycliff 10 Year Vintage Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Smokes!,Excellent smokes all around!
Graycliff 10 Year Vintage Maduro,5 out of 5,"Also cigar,long lasting ash.","Also cigar,long lasting ash."
Graycliff 10 Year Vintage Maduro,5 out of 5,Purchased as a gift,"I purchased Graycliff 10 Year Vintage Maduro cigars for my husband as a gift for Christmas. He enjoys Graycliff cigars very much. Come to find out he purchases them on a regular basis at a much lower cost than what I paid for them so although I wasn't overly concerned at the time I purchased them it was a lesson learned that these cigars and others can be acquired at lesser prices.
None the less they were well received and being enjoyed."
Graycliff 10 Year Vintage Maduro,5 out of 5,Graycliff ten year pirate maduro,Draws easily and starts delivering spicy notes and hints of pepper up front and stays consistent all the way to the end. Would recommend and will purchase again.
Graycliff 10 Year Vintage Maduro,4 out of 5,good good,good cigar
Graycliff 10 Year Vintage Maduro,5 out of 5,Graycliff,Awesome smoke.
Graycliff 10 Year Vintage Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke.,Great smoke.
Graycliff 10 Year Vintage Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"Good taste,great smoke."
Graycliff 10 Year Vintage Maduro,4 out of 5,Great Ceasar's Smoke,"""I am doomed to an eternity of compulsive smoking of this great cigar. No set goal achieved satisfies as well as this fine smoke. Success only breeds a new goal and that is to buy another box. This golden apple of a cigar smoked, no devoured has no parallel. It is endless"
Graycliff 10 Year Vintage Maduro,4 out of 5,Stay Puffing My Friends,Not a bad smoke a little strong out of wrapper after a little time to marinate in the humidor. This smoke is a keeper. Lou from Chilltown J.C. Stay puffing my friends.
Graycliff 10 Year Vintage Maduro,5 out of 5,Very nice smoke,"I was looking for something new to try and thought I'd give Grayclif a try. This particular one is a nice, flavorful, even burning smoke."
Graycliff 10 Year Vintage Maduro,5 out of 5,smoking,Just had one last nite and it was De-lish.Keep rollin-em.
Graycliff 10 Year Vintage Maduro,5 out of 5,Graycliff 10 year Vintage,"Great Cigar, like a porterhouse steak for a Great Deal!!!"
Graycliff 10 Year Vintage Maduro,4 out of 5,Great Smoke,Consistent and enjoyable
Graycliff 10 Year Vintage Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"This was an awesome experience. Even burn, great flavor and good smoke output."
Graycliff 10 Year Vintage Maduro,5 out of 5,Graycliff 10yr maduro,"Veteran cigar smoker,first time I've tried these.Very impressed,great,even burn,plenty of flavor,what I would call a ""professional cigar""..not necessarily for the beginner!"
Graycliff 10 Year Vintage Maduro,5 out of 5,One of my favorites,Impeccable construction. Great natural fermented sweet/spiciness
Graycliff 10 Year Vintage Maduro,5 out of 5,Graycliff 10 Year Maduro,Love the entire Graycliff line. They’re expensive to grab the specials when they come by!!
Graycliff 10 Year Vintage Maduro,5 out of 5,Very difficult to compare this,"Very difficult to compare this cigar with anything else, outstanding!"
Graycliff 10 Year Vintage Maduro,5 out of 5,Graycliff 10 year vintage,"Excellent cigar, well worth the money. I fell in love with these cigars when I visited the Bahamas a few years ago. And now CI offers great pricing on them. Sit back, drink some Rum and smoke a Graycliff...... Yah Mon!!"
Graycliff 10 Year Vintage Maduro,5 out of 5,A Premium Cigar,"These Graycliff ten-year vintage Madura cigars are the finest on the market at an affordable price. In my opinion Graycliff is one of the finest cigar makers in the world. The rich, dark and oily wrapper ensures a tasty and consistent smoke with no chances of unraveling and diminishing one’s experience. Unconditionally a premium cigar! Enjoy!"
Graycliff 10 Year Vintage Maduro,5 out of 5,Good Cigar,"This is one my favorites, when CI has them on special they're a must purchase. The bouquet has hints of plum, chocolate with some coffee it's a great stick."
Graycliff 10 Year Vintage Maduro,5 out of 5,Tasty,"A nice flavored cigar , i enjoyed it on my deck for an evening wind down"
Graycliff 10 Year Vintage Maduro,4 out of 5,Grey Cliff,Great cigar for the price
Graycliff 10 Year Vintage Maduro,5 out of 5,Graycliff 10 year vintage,A great smoke at a great price
Graycliff 10 Year Vintage Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smaller cigar.,One of the best small cigars. The retail price seems too high and I would not pay that but when they go on sale it is time to grab them. Love these cigars.
Graycliff 10 Year Vintage Maduro,3 out of 5,"Okay cigar, had better.",For the price I really cannot complain.Had problems with tunneling and uneven burn.
Graycliff 10 Year Vintage Maduro,5 out of 5,Great flavor!,Smooth and great Flavors
Graycliff 10 Year Vintage Maduro,4 out of 5,"Earthy, good draw","Earthy, good draw"
Graycliff 10 Year Vintage Maduro,5 out of 5,Best,Best Greycliff
Graycliff 10 Year Vintage Maduro,4 out of 5,A Great Smoke,"Good burn, plenty of smoke, carried a good ash.
Can’t wait to have another!"
Graycliff 10 Year Vintage Maduro,5 out of 5,Well done,"Just a very delicious, smooth offering from graycliff. Perfect for mellow relaxing smoke."
Graycliff 10 Year Vintage Maduro,3 out of 5,Holes In Wrapper,Decent Cigar. Large band hides imperfections. The 5 pack I received had 3 with holes in wrapper.
Graycliff 1666,5 out of 5,Always consistent and good.,Great value and quality.
Graycliff 1666,5 out of 5,Super for the Golf Course,"Great buy great smoke, about 18 holes worth"
Graycliff 1666,5 out of 5,Try it!,"A great dark chocolate taste in my opinion. Mild pepper where it's not overwhelming. I got it in a premium bag sampler and had it in my humidor for 2 months. Hadn't gotten around it but when I did, I regretted not trying it sooner."
Graycliff 1666,5 out of 5,"Nice slow burn, lots of","Nice slow burn, lots of flavor!"
Graycliff 1666,4 out of 5,very nice smoke,very nice smoke
Graycliff 1666,5 out of 5,Really enjoyable smoke.,These are really enjoyable. The taste profiles are probably one of the best. And the smoke has such a floral aroma it’s incredible. A must try. A little on the expensive side but worth it.
Graycliff 1666,5 out of 5,Long time favorite,"Well balanced, nice favor, plenty of smoke. They do, however, benefit greatly from a few weeks rest in the humi."
Graycliff 1666,4 out of 5,Flavor,Good draw. Full flavor but not hot.
Graycliff 1666,5 out of 5,Great buy,Awesome cigar! I previously purchased the 6” x 50 & it was ok at best. The 6”x 58 is much better and has a lot more flavor. The pull is great & has a tremendous amount of smoke! No issues with the burn whatsoever. Highly recommended!!
Graycliff 1666,4 out of 5,Very good,Very good taste and burn
Graycliff 1666,5 out of 5,Graycliff 1666,My new go to cigar.
Graycliff 1666,5 out of 5,Great,love them. As soon as I saw the deal it was a no brainer. Definitely worth trying.
Graycliff 1666,5 out of 5,Graycliff 1666 Toro,1666 Toro is one of my all time favorite smokes always looking for a deal on them
Graycliff 1666,5 out of 5,Nice daily smoke,Burns nice and a great medium bodied smoke. Love these.
Graycliff 1666,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke.
Graycliff 1666,5 out of 5,Graycliff 1666,I'm a Graycliff fan and usually buy the silver or blue cigars when they are on sale. I saw these in the catalog and took a chance on a box of 20. Very pleased with this cigar and they may end up being my favorite Graycliff. Need to burn a few more to see if they are consistently as good.
Graycliff 1666,4 out of 5,Great cigar reasonably price.,Great cigar reasonably price.
Graycliff 1666,4 out of 5,Longtime fan of Graycliff,"Part of a sampler.... one of Graycliff's best.... consistent flavors.... good burn.... at the sampler price point, an excellent smoke!"
Graycliff 1666,5 out of 5,Fantastic Stick!!!,"Right out of the packaging, fantastic Stick!!! Light earthy coco in flavor from start to finish. Burn is excellent. A highly recommended humidor staple. Great job CI."
Graycliff 1666,4 out of 5,Solid cigar at a reasonable,Solid cigar at a reasonable price
Graycliff 1666,5 out of 5,Great stick for the money,I love these cigars. The taste great and burn well. I have been waiting for them to come back. Try them if you never have.
Graycliff 1666,5 out of 5,Graycliff 1666 Robusto,"This is a well constructed, medium bodied stogie with excellent burn and draw. Truly one of the best. Highly recommended."
Graycliff 1666,4 out of 5,Big size big flavor,The Gordo is the best of this breed. The larger size takes some of the edge off and leaves you with lits of flavor and a good draw.
Graycliff 1666,5 out of 5,Nice Smoke,Like everything about it.
Graycliff 1666,3 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
Graycliff 1666,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke! Good steady burn,Excellent smoke! Good steady burn with wonderful draw!
Graycliff 1666,4 out of 5,good burn.,good burn.
Graycliff 1666,5 out of 5,excellent smoke,Nice draw and flavor.
Graycliff 1666,4 out of 5,Great Value,Rolled well. Not to tight. Lots of flavor but not too strong.
Graycliff 1666,5 out of 5,NICE blend of flavors,"Read the story about these coming back and had to give them a try. Well they are worth the money, Nice burn, great flavor. Worth the money. Would buy them again."
Graycliff 1666,5 out of 5,Classy smoke,"Complex, yet refined."
Graycliff 1666,5 out of 5,Keith,Good from start to finish
Graycliff 1666,5 out of 5,Pretty good smoke at a,Pretty good smoke at a great price.
Graycliff 1666,5 out of 5,Very Nice,All around very good stick.
Graycliff 1666,5 out of 5,Welcome back,Used to be one of my favorites six or so years ago. CI discontinue. Glad to see they’re back very good smoke
Graycliff 1666,5 out of 5,Still perfect!,Still perfect!
Graycliff 1666,5 out of 5,Graycliff 1666 re-release,"Outstanding cigar. It's been out of circulation for almost 5 years. The new version is exactly like the original. Taste, construction, burn, and draw is top notch and has no aftertaste. One of my all time favorites. Will definitely buy again."
Graycliff 1666,4 out of 5,love them,"I remember these. haven't seen in years. so glad to see them back they were my favorites why only 4 not 5 stars, isn't from Bahamas yes im a snob"
Graycliff 30-Year Vintage,5 out of 5,Amazing!!,Amazing!!
Graycliff 30-Year Vintage,4 out of 5,nice,nice taste nice burn
Graycliff 30-Year Vintage,5 out of 5,Reliable Excellence,"I find that the these Graycliffs are about as good as cigars get. I've compared them with the ""gold standard"" Padrons at far greater cost and find very little difference in draw and flavor. Gray cliff 30s are my go to cigar."
Graycliff 30-Year Vintage,5 out of 5,Goldilocks!,"My first Graycliff experience, will certainly not be my last. Bought a five pack on a deal, and immediately wished I had a box. Everything about this cigar is just right. Construction is better than excellent, firm, but not hard, tightly rolled but just what you want from the draw. Laser cut even, slow, cool burn produces toothy white ash and billowing smoke. Love the smooth medium bodied flavor with notes of cedar and toasted nuts. Gets some nice spice in the last 2 inches. Never gets too hot, which is good, because you won't want to put it out. Awesome cigar."
Graycliff 30-Year Vintage,5 out of 5,Nice smooth smoke,Nice smooth smoke
Graycliff 30-Year Vintage,4 out of 5,very good.,very good.
Graycliff 30-Year Vintage,5 out of 5,"Good service, good cigar. Good","Good service, good cigar. Good job."
Graycliff 30-Year Vintage,4 out of 5,Nice everyday cigars,Nice everyday cigars
Graycliff 30-Year Vintage,5 out of 5,A Great Cigar,"Based on the high ratings I had to try one R.O.T.T.,quickly noticed the perfect construction and excellent Cameroon wrapper.Havng not spent time in the humidor it was a little rough at the start.As the burn progressed the San Andres binder kept things cool for the boys in the band. I began to see why the ratings and prices are up there.As advertised it was expertly fermented with a very smooth consitant medium body.A very big five stars to Joe and Graycliff."
Graycliff 30-Year Vintage,4 out of 5,Smooth & Smokey,nice smoke
Graycliff 30-Year Vintage,4 out of 5,30yr,Smooth Cigar.
Graycliff 30-Year Vintage,5 out of 5,Will not regret,"Always wanted to try this out, must say was not excepting the bold and smooth smoke as this."
Graycliff 30-Year Vintage,4 out of 5,review,great...like to rotate it with several others. Still wish they had the Greycliff Platinum
Graycliff 30-Year Vintage,5 out of 5,Really epic cigar,What a great smoke. Loved em..
Graycliff 30-Year Vintage,4 out of 5,Graycliff 30 yr,"Beautiful construction, burn is great.
Draw is smooth, creamy with notes of almonds and cedar."
Graycliff 30-Year Vintage,3 out of 5,just ok,decent but the 10 year anniv is much better. not worth it if not on sale
Graycliff 30-Year Vintage,5 out of 5,30yr Graycliff Deliciousness,"Great smoke, on the milder side, but flavorful and a great aroma. Deal made it even better!"
Graycliff 30-Year Vintage,4 out of 5,Graycliff,Tasty cigars. Not bad right out of the package. Will age the rest and give them a try later
Graycliff 30-Year Vintage,5 out of 5,Love’m,Very nice
Graycliff 30-Year Vintage,3 out of 5,Fair smoke,A little rough around the edges; ot as smooth as I remembered
Graycliff 30-Year Vintage,5 out of 5,Outstanding!,"Very smooth, rich and complex. This cigar fits my palette almost perfectly."
Graycliff 30-Year Vintage,5 out of 5,Gray cliff 30 year vintage,"Great burn, full of flavor, will definitely be buying more of these"
Graycliff 30-Year Vintage,5 out of 5,Graycliff 30 year anniversary,Great cigar for a very good price.
Graycliff 30-Year Vintage,5 out of 5,A good smoke.,"These cigars have a nice spicy taste, burn even, and stay lit. A quality cigar for sure."
Graycliff 30-Year Vintage,5 out of 5,Arrived fresh and quick.,Great smoke with a nice long ash. Would purchase again.
Graycliff 30-Year Vintage,5 out of 5,Graycliff 30yr,"Always a joy to smoke! Consistent burn, smooth, medium experience is my staple in the humidor"
Graycliff 30-Year Vintage,5 out of 5,graycliff 30 yr,I would buy them again.
Graycliff 30-Year Vintage,5 out of 5,Sunshine,Great cigars great price 👍
Graycliff 30-Year Vintage,5 out of 5,Very Nice Smoke,"Nice flavor, aroma and wrapped just right to burn as a great cigar should. I’ll get more"
Graycliff 30-Year Vintage,5 out of 5,Very good flavor,Will buy them again
Graycliff 30-Year Vintage,5 out of 5,Graycliff 30 year vintage,Amazing cigar! I would consider this cigar my #1 and I've been smoking cigars for 22 years.
Graycliff 30-Year Vintage,4 out of 5,Graycliff,Not a bad smoke mild and burns even. I'd buy it again
Graycliff 30-Year Vintage,5 out of 5,Graycliff 30-year Vintage Presidente,"These cigars are fabulous. Don't ever pass up a chance to purchase them, you will be well pleased"
Graycliff 30-Year Vintage,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,These were added to my My Humidor app for tracking future purchases
Graycliff 30-Year Vintage,3 out of 5,Not what I expected,"Not very impressed. Not my flavor
These will be the giveaways"
Graycliff 30-Year Vintage,3 out of 5,tasty,"A tasty cigar, well constructed, but bit light for my tastes"
Graycliff 30-Year Vintage,5 out of 5,Graycliff 30-Year Vintage,"Great Smoke for the price! Extremely smooth cigar with good flavor. If you like a nice mild cigar that burns perfectly, then you should definitely give the Graycliff 30 year a light!"
Graycliff 30-Year Vintage,4 out of 5,Good flavor but uneven burn,Good flavor but uneven burn
Graycliff 30-Year Vintage,4 out of 5,Very smooth but almost a,Very smooth but almost a little to mild.
Graycliff 30-Year Vintage,4 out of 5,"Good, not great","These cigars are good, not great. I really question if they are the real 30yr Graycliff's or if they are licensed cigars rolled by someone else with the Graycliff band. There are no markings on the box that indicate 'made in the Bahamas'. The low price is a little suspect as well. Still a good cigar and the robusto size is perfect for a grilling cigar."
Graycliff 30-Year Vintage,5 out of 5,Surprisingly wonderful.,Surprisingly wonderful.
Graycliff 30-Year Vintage,4 out of 5,Graycliff 30,A very good smoke. Better than most for sure. No doubt. Definitely best in the second third. I would recommend it at the right price. But just not a five star smoke. Burn got a little off at times. Most needed a relight. I’ve had better smokes even better graycliff for less money.
Graycliff 30-Year Vintage,5 out of 5,Great,Smooth cigars just what I wanted
Graycliff 30-Year Vintage,5 out of 5,"Great cigar, smooth smoke throughout,","Great cigar, smooth smoke throughout, good ash."
Graycliff 30-Year Vintage,5 out of 5,Graycliff 30 year vintage,"This is one of the finest cigars I’ve ever smoked. I’m a huge fan of Cameroon wrappers,and this one is great. Mild to medium in body,it’s rich and creamy with a slow,cool burn. May be a bit pricey but always welcome in my humidor."
Graycliff 30-Year Vintage,5 out of 5,Great cigar,These cigars are great.. Full flavor
Graycliff 30-Year Vintage,4 out of 5,Graycliff 30yr,Box a lil damaged on two corners from shipping. Cigars we're all in good shape. This is one good stick! Love the aroma and flavor off the aged Cameroon wrapper.
Graycliff 30-Year Vintage,5 out of 5,Good but dry,These cigars were fantastic but unfortunately a little on the dry side. I would gladly order the again but leave in my humidor for about a month to plump them up a lil.
Graycliff 30-Year Vintage,5 out of 5,Awesome burner- great draw -,Awesome burner- great draw - amazing flavor from start to finish👍
Graycliff 30-Year Vintage,4 out of 5,Good Smoke,Good Smoke
Graycliff Double Espresso Series,5 out of 5,Awesome smoke,One of my go to favorites for a full body after dinner smoke. Always in my humidors
Graycliff Double Espresso Series,5 out of 5,Definitely a powerhouse but smooth,"First of all, I just lit this stick. First impression of this dark oily little beasty is little tight on the draw. I’m not good enough to describe the berry cocoa etc. I just know what I like and me likey.
Tight draw loosens up after the first inch. Now wonderful easy draw but not loose. Cigar is heavy for the size. Good smoke levels and first inch is tasty.
1.5 inches in and good firm ash is still intact.
I would describe this as med-full but not harsh in any way (I usually smoke medium).
Perfect burn so far 2 inches in. Flavor is fleeting but good. No aftertaste or off flavors so far. Very impressed with how clean this one leaves the pallet.
First ash fell around 2.25 inches in.
Half way through and flavor has definitely turned fuller but still clean. Less smoke now but still good there too.
Has now started to burn just slightly crooked. Flavor is still ramping up and lingering longer.
Still around halfway and nice cool smoke has turned into a nice warm smoke.
Starting the last third and a completely different experience now. Still real good and full flavor starting to level off. Warm smoke, roasty flavors, perfect burn line again. Body of cigar getting a little less firm now. Very pleasant and no off flavors so far. 2nd ash made it a little over an inch.
Approaching the nub now. Getting a little(very little) tannic but still good. Wrapper has cracked a little around the cap but maintains integrity.
Final word on this little jewel is I will definitely be buying a box of these. For the milder smokers out there...don’t even hesitate about this one. This cigar is definitely a powerhouse but incredibly smooth."
Graycliff Double Espresso Series,5 out of 5,Graycliff double espresso,Has become one of my favorites.
Graycliff Double Espresso Series,5 out of 5,TonyR,Rich and smooth.
Graycliff Double Espresso Series,5 out of 5,Nice relaxing cigar.,Nice relaxing cigar.
Graycliff Double Espresso Series,5 out of 5,Awesome!!,Awesome!!
Graycliff Double Espresso Series,5 out of 5,Top ten sticks,"I've been waiting for ci to put these on sale so that i could stock up. This is what a cigar should smell, look, & taste like."
Graycliff Double Espresso Series,4 out of 5,good smoke with coffee not,good smoke with coffee not a flavored cigar
Graycliff Double Espresso Series,5 out of 5,Awesome,Bought these on a killer scale price. One of the best smokes put there
Graycliff Double Espresso Series,3 out of 5,Smokes great...but,Good full bodied cigar but cost too much especially for the size compared to others out there with similar smoke profile and quality.
Graycliff Double Espresso Series,4 out of 5,Mighty mite. Small yet tasty,Good smoke even burn amole smoke. Just a tad to pricey though!
Graycliff Double Espresso Series,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,"I never heard of this cigar before, but I am glad I purchased them when they were on sale. I DEFINITELY would buy again."
Graycliff Double Espresso Series,5 out of 5,Cigar Lover,These cigars are super and tasty and also burns well. Recommend to any cigar like me to give them a try. Unfortunately I can only afford these cigars when CI has them on sale. I treasure these cigars in my many humidors.
Graycliff Double Espresso Series,5 out of 5,Perfect after dinner cigar,Perfect after dinner cigar
Graycliff Double Espresso Series,5 out of 5,GrayCliff - Awesone,This is not one for the occasional smoker or one just getting into the pleasure of cigar smoking. A very full bodied cigar. Well rounded wot both Coffey (espresso) and chocolate. Excellent cigar from start to finish...very consistant.
Graycliff Double Espresso Series,5 out of 5,The best cigar out there,Not the first time I have bought these cigars. They are fantastic if you like big and bold. I try to catch them on sale and CI has them cheaper then anybody.
Graycliff Double Espresso Series,5 out of 5,New favorite,"Very nice stick
Hour+ smoke time, full body, dry but thick smoke. Medium draw, sharp burn.
Many flavor transitions from coffee, pepper, chocolate, earth and leather. Everything about this smoke was delightful. Highly recommend, , cant wait to try them after some
Aging."
Graycliff Double Espresso Series,5 out of 5,Keep for a Special Time,Best of Best of Best
Graycliff G2,5 out of 5,This cigar is an easy,"This cigar is an easy drawing cigar that is mild with a good flavor.
Plus it’s at a fair price"
Graycliff G2,5 out of 5,Can’t go wrong,One of my favs. Great cigar at a decent price.
Graycliff G2,5 out of 5,My favorite brand,My favorite brand
Graycliff G2,4 out of 5,Great value,A great buy and great smoke!
Graycliff G2,5 out of 5,Great daily smoke,Great daily smoke
Graycliff G2,5 out of 5,good cigar for out door,"good cigar for out door activities; golf, mowing, chain sawing/splitting wood etc.."
Graycliff G2,5 out of 5,Graycliff never disappoints!,Graycliff has a good burn & flavor & always a good price.
Graycliff G2,5 out of 5,Chief,mild cigar
Graycliff G2,5 out of 5,Couldn't ask for a better cigar,Bar none the best. Smooth easy long smoke. Perfect for long conversations and contemplation.
Graycliff G2,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigars,"Great construction, fine aroma, even burning. A great example of what Graycliff produces."
Graycliff G2,4 out of 5,Flavorful,Great smoke for casual uses. Smooth but flavorful with hints of warm strong brown bread. Very good construction. Try it you'll like it....if you like a fairly mild smoke with flavor.
Graycliff G2,4 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Graycliff G2,4 out of 5,Smooth Cigar,I truly love the Grayclif G2’s. One of the smoothest cigars that I’ve smoked.
Graycliff G2,3 out of 5,G-2,"ok, nothing special."
Graycliff G2,5 out of 5,G2,Reasonable price great flavor. Burns well.
Graycliff G2,5 out of 5,G2 Connecticut,Nice smoke... smooth.... purchased more to enjoy!!
Graycliff G2,5 out of 5,G2,The best Connecticut cigar for the price.
Graycliff G2,5 out of 5,Great mild cigar at a,Great mild cigar at a reasonable price.
Graycliff G2,3 out of 5,Graycliff G2,"Nice mild cigar. On the lower end of the Graycliff line, but serves well as an alternate to my favorite cigars, and it is priced reasonably"
Graycliff G2,4 out of 5,Good cigar for its price,Good cigar for its price
Graycliff G2,4 out of 5,My go-to cigar...,These are medium flavor but full smoke cigars. I usually have a box of these in my humidor.
Graycliff G2,5 out of 5,good smoking,good smoking
Graycliff G2,4 out of 5,A NICE MELLOW CIGAR FOR,A NICE MELLOW CIGAR FOR cASINO TIME
Graycliff G2,4 out of 5,Good smoke,This is my back up cigar. Very nicely rolled with a smooth finish
Graycliff G2,5 out of 5,"Smooth, easy to smoke.","Mild, but still has some nice subtle flavor. Smokes well with an easy draw, butns well. If you like a good conn cigar, this is the way to go. Excellent price. On par w a San Cristobal revelation, or just short of it. Nice wrapper for the price."
Graycliff G2,3 out of 5,G2 CT,"Well constructed. Grass prelight.
Buttery, nutty notes.
Mild to medium during 90 minutes.
Rate it a 6 out of 10 overall.
Reasonably priced."
Graycliff G2,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,What a great smoke!! Will buy more
Graycliff G2,4 out of 5,Good value,Good golf course cigar.
Graycliff G2,4 out of 5,Great mild cigar.,Great mild cigar.
Graycliff G2,1 out of 5,Not much flavor,Not much flavor
Graycliff G2,2 out of 5,burns unevenly.,burns unevenly.
Graycliff G2,5 out of 5,Geo's Fav,"Burn well, smell good, and nice price, no brainer !"
Graycliff G2,4 out of 5,NICE QUALITY FOR THE MONEY,NICE QUALITY FOR THE MONEY & MILD.
Graycliff G2,4 out of 5,G2,Smooth and flavorful for a mild cigar
Graycliff G2,2 out of 5,"Box was very dry ,took","Box was very dry ,took several days in my humidor to moisten up."
Graycliff G2,5 out of 5,enjoyable cigar,"Great mild flavor, burns well but does burn a little quick, would recommend."
Graycliff G2,4 out of 5,Nice,Very consistence. A fine smoke.
Graycliff G2,5 out of 5,Mild beauty,"This is a great, everyday cigar. Very mild but plenty of flavor."
Graycliff G2,5 out of 5,"Works great, just watch out","Works great, just watch out for your mustache"
Graycliff G2,4 out of 5,Gr...reat smoke!,"The draw is excellent, the aroma great, and the price reasonable. What more can I ask for? Y. Fujitani"
Graycliff G2,4 out of 5,"Nice, mild smoke","This is a well put together stogie. It burns nicely with a good, even ash. It stays mild throughout with no burning, tar-like sensation when it gets close to the nub. A terrific, notch above everyday smoke."
Graycliff G2,3 out of 5,will buy again,"This is consistently well made. Never plugged or too loose. Decent flavor, slow burning and very satisfying after a steak dinner."
Graycliff G2,5 out of 5,Graycliff G2 PGX,Wonderful smoke. I enjoyed them very much and plan on purchasing again.
Graycliff G2,4 out of 5,The GH cigars.,The cigar has a smooth draw and good taste. The wrapper is a little thin.
Graycliff G2,5 out of 5,G2,"Mild, smooth burn"
Graycliff G2,4 out of 5,Excellent Value!,"This cigar had a good draw and even burn. The flavor was smooth and the smoke thick and flavorful, exceptional cigar for the money!"
Graycliff G2,5 out of 5,Not bad,Took a chance on them they are not tabs. At all I will order more
Graycliff G2,4 out of 5,Graycliff,Not bad for the price and with a free lighter..
Graycliff G2,4 out of 5,"MILD, SMOOTH SMOKE. GOOD FLAVOR","MILD, SMOOTH SMOKE. GOOD FLAVOR"
Graycliff G2,5 out of 5,Very good,Very good
Graycliff G2 Habano,5 out of 5,graycliff pirate,"for the money one of the best cigars I have smoked. Burns easy and even, Great smooth draw and rich thick smoke. Dont have to keep hot boxing to keep it lit. Never bitter even to the very end."
Graycliff G2 Habano,5 out of 5,Awesome,Awesome
Graycliff G2 Habano,4 out of 5,Mediocre Smoke,Nice smoke. Burned even. Not mich taste for me.
Graycliff G2 Habano,5 out of 5,My go to brand,Bought some on recommendation about a year ago and have not been disappointed. Mild to medium with little transition but real smoke all the way down. My long car ride smoke.
Graycliff G2 Habano,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Excellent
Graycliff G2 Habano,5 out of 5,Good stick for the money,Good stick for the money
Graycliff G2 Habano,4 out of 5,Good choice if on sale,"Not too bad, not too bad at all. This cigar came to me a little dry but after a couple days in the humi, it's was ready to go! Still a little dry; I cracked the cap slightly when cutting but still ok. This cigar is smooth and earthly with a rustic molasses-like finish. It's otherwise a pretty simple flavor profile. It burns a little uneven, but not awful. Draw is light, but not airy. A good cigar, worth the money if you can grab them on sale."
Graycliff G2 Habano,5 out of 5,Graycliff G2,I have visited the Graycliff facility in the Bahamas and have observed how the cigars are handmade. They are extremely well made. Graycliff cigars are one of my favorites. They are smooth and have an even draw. Just a top notch cigar.
Graycliff G2 Habano,4 out of 5,Even burn good ash,For the bargain basement price this was a great smile
Graycliff G2 Habano,5 out of 5,The best,The best
Graycliff G2 Habano,3 out of 5,good cigar,good cigar
Graycliff G2 Habano,4 out of 5,good buy for Lil $$$,"Graycliff quality ,smoke starts mild ,increases till end lil spice,and nutz after half way and lot of smoke...great buy around Xmas couldnt pass up!"
Graycliff G2 Habano,4 out of 5,Good cigar for the money.,Good cigar for the money.
Graycliff G2 Habano,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Graycliff G2 Habano,4 out of 5,Worth the money,Thanks for the good deal.been restocking the humi and this is a good stogie for everyday smoke.catch you on the next deal!!!👍
Graycliff G2 Habano,3 out of 5,Ok cigar,Ok taste
Graycliff G2 Habano,4 out of 5,Very good for the price,Really enjoyed these. Wouldn’t pay too much more for them. But for the price it’s a quality smoke
Graycliff G2 Habano,5 out of 5,Good stick,"Very good flavor
Medium to.full flavor
Would recommend"
Graycliff G2 Habano,5 out of 5,Just a great light cigar.,Just a great light cigar.
Graycliff G2 Habano,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Graycliff G2 Habano,5 out of 5,Roy Combs,"Excellent flavor, draw. worth every penny"
Graycliff G2 Habano,3 out of 5,"Dry wrapp,",Paper kept Unraveling but smoked good
Graycliff G2 Habano,4 out of 5,Nice smoke especially finish.,Nice smoke especially finish.
Graycliff G2 Habano,5 out of 5,great,great cigar
Graycliff G2 Habano,4 out of 5,Graycliff 7.0”/ 48,Burns a little one sided. But I have only smoked a couple at this time.
Graycliff G2 Habano,4 out of 5,"Competitive prices, extensive selections and","Competitive prices, extensive selections and quick service,"
Graycliff G2 Habano,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,Great smoke!
Graycliff G2 Habano,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Graycliff G2 Habano,5 out of 5,G2,This is quickly becoming one of my favorites. Always a good smoke.
Graycliff G2 Habano,4 out of 5,Solid Smoke,These cigars always deliver. One of the most consistently good smoking cigars for the price.
Graycliff G2 Habano,5 out of 5,Very good,"enjoyed them, burned even"
Graycliff G2 Habano,5 out of 5,Graycliff,Smooth. Mellow. Tasty. Burn evenly with a white Ash.
Graycliff G2 Habano,5 out of 5,Puros Indios,For the price they are an excellent cigar!
Graycliff G2 Habano,4 out of 5,Greycliff,Nice medium smoke. Great shape. Very enjoyable on the beach.
Graycliff G2 Habano,4 out of 5,G2,Very good mild/med cigar. Lable says “hand made” I don’t know what exactly that means but it burns very even. Very good cigar for the price.
Graycliff G2 Habano,4 out of 5,Smoothie,Smoothie
Graycliff G2 Habano,4 out of 5,Great smoke lots of flavor,Great smoke lots of flavor enjoy with a glass of bourbon
Graycliff G2 Habano,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Graycliff G2 Habano,3 out of 5,uneven burn,uneven burn
Graycliff G2 Habano,1 out of 5,Poor smoke,Does not burn and smoke well. Roll is not tight enough
Graycliff G2 Habano,5 out of 5,Great!,Great!
Graycliff G2 Habano,5 out of 5,Very nice,Have become a big fan of grayclif cigars. Although not my favorite I am very happy with them.
Graycliff G2 Habano,4 out of 5,Decent cigar,Decent cigar
Graycliff G2 Habano,5 out of 5,Graycliff- Great Stick,"Graycliff makes a great cigar, good draw, great flavor- a must have for the discerning smoker"
Graycliff G2 Habano,4 out of 5,I thought it was above,I thought it was above average and came at a good price.
Graycliff G2 Habano,5 out of 5,Graycliff G2,Good cigar. Nice melow smoke.
Graycliff G2 Habano,5 out of 5,Loved them. Under rated,Loved them. Under rated
Graycliff G2 Habano,5 out of 5,Smooth and Even,This was a smooth even smoke to the end. Good burn and no bite.
Graycliff G2 Habano,5 out of 5,Great sticks,Great sticks
Graycliff G2 Habano,5 out of 5,Cigar,One of the better ones I have bought here.
Graycliff G2 Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,One of the best cigars I have ever had
Graycliff G2 Maduro,5 out of 5,G2 great quality for a good price,"Excellent cigar. My biggest beef with CI is the second quality of cigars, but not with these. These are wrapped exceptionally well and don’t start to unravel when you clip it (like lots of CI cigars frequently do). The draw is even throughout the burn, which burns very well and evenly.
The flavor is slightly sharp up front but settles out to a little mellow leather taste that is smooth. Goes great with bourbon. Enjoy!"
Graycliff G2 Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Graycliff G2 Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke,These cigars are a great medium smoke. Everyone had a great draw. I'll be buying more of them
Graycliff G2 Maduro,5 out of 5,More of a medium-full maduro,"Excellent maduro nice even burn, well constructed and an excellent value as well.
Definitely more full bodied than the medium rating given! Ordering another box now."
Graycliff G2 Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent Burn Cigar (Graycliff),Excellent Burn Cigar (Graycliff)
Graycliff G2 Maduro,4 out of 5,very nice,"nice and thick, flavorful with a good burn. good all around."
Graycliff G2 Maduro,3 out of 5,It's a nice smoke will,It's a nice smoke will buy again
Graycliff G2 Maduro,5 out of 5,Good Cigar,Great Cigar for the money!
Graycliff G2 Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Graycliff never disappoints.
Graycliff G2 Maduro,4 out of 5,A good buy,These are fine smokes...I still prefer the G2 Pirates.
Graycliff G2 Maduro,4 out of 5,Graycliff Pirate,"a really good smoke , burns good, good taste -- I just like a larger ring size"
Graycliff G2 Maduro,3 out of 5,Maduro fan,A very average taste....a bit on dry side
Graycliff G2 Maduro,5 out of 5,G2 Maduro,"Great stick. slow, long and even burn. Tasty from beginning to end. Sweet, but not overly. Leaves a nice aftertaste and great with the morning cup. Purchased in a 10 pack and not a disappointing one in the batch."
Graycliff G2 Maduro,4 out of 5,Pretty nice little stogie,"Lots of stuff to like here for maduro fans - notes of dark coffee and chocolate along with a little nuttiness here and there, not too much pepper. Most of them burned well. Would certainly buy again."
Graycliff G2 Maduro,4 out of 5,G2 Maduro,"Tasty! Nice construction, glad I tried them"
Graycliff G2 Maduro,3 out of 5,Ash,"Ash falls without warning, draw and flavor is ok though."
Graycliff G2 Maduro,5 out of 5,Smooth smoke,Really like these. A great mellow smoke.
Graycliff G2 Maduro,4 out of 5,G2 MADURO,MEDIUM BODY / WELL MADE & GOOD BURN / SMOOTH TASTE / ONE OF MY FAVORITE CIGARS
Graycliff G2 Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Cigars,"The G2 is my go to everyday smoke. Great tasting treats, they burn good and have a good draw. I would highly recommend these stogies!"
Graycliff G2 Maduro,4 out of 5,Great Value,These are a steal. I would recommend them for those interested in rounding out your humidor with a variety of sizes and qualities.
Graycliff G2 Maduro,3 out of 5,Strong smoke burns quickly,Strong smoke burns quickly
Graycliff G2 Maduro,4 out of 5,Decent daily,"I wavered between 3 and 4 stars. It is definitely a good daily smoke. I've had a couple in the box that had construction issues but overall it was a really good buy. As others have stated, some time in the humidor really helps these out."
Graycliff G2 Maduro,3 out of 5,Ok for the price,Ok for the price
Graycliff G2 Maduro,4 out of 5,Graycliff,Not a bad cigar. I was not expecting it to burn so fast.
Graycliff G2 Maduro,5 out of 5,Good smoke!,Good smoke!
Graycliff G2 Maduro,4 out of 5,Nice smoke,"Good smoke, burn a little quick"
Graycliff G2 Maduro,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Nice packaging and smooth taste
Graycliff G2 Maduro,5 out of 5,Good smoke and it is,Good smoke and it is nice to hold. Burns very even
Graycliff G2 Maduro,4 out of 5,ice every day smoke,Well constructed even burning
Graycliff G2 Maduro,5 out of 5,Love em,Great flavor. Easy draw with tons of smoke. Burns perfect right down to the nub.
Graycliff G2 Maduro,4 out of 5,Good everday smoke.,Good smoke at a good price. Yes I recommend it.
Graycliff G2 Maduro,5 out of 5,Great draw good flavor,Great draw good flavor
Graycliff G2 Maduro,3 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Graycliff G2 Maduro,4 out of 5,Graycliff Maduro,"Good medium smoke, perfect everyday cigar for the price. Nice draw, even burn and good smoke output. Not complex, but creamy and smooth."
Graycliff G2 Maduro,3 out of 5,G2,its ok
Graycliff G2 Maduro,4 out of 5,Well made good smoke,Burns well good taste well worth the price
Graycliff G2 Maduro,3 out of 5,Insipid Islander,The original graycliff is a great deal when on sale. This blend is bland. Construction is good. Draw is nice. Plenty of smoke. Taste?
Graycliff G2 Maduro,4 out of 5,Graycliff G2,nice smoke and good price
Graycliff G2 Maduro,4 out of 5,Great cigar,Nice flavors. Great draw and smoke output. For the money an excellant cigar.
Graycliff G2 Maduro,3 out of 5,Fair smoke,Only fair. Wouldn't buy again.
Graycliff G2 Maduro,4 out of 5,Good,Good
Graycliff G2 Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Won on the bidding system. Great price great smile
Graycliff G2 Maduro,4 out of 5,Quite a shock considering the price,"Quite a shock considering the price. It's mellow, draws well, and lasts long."
Graycliff G2 Maduro,4 out of 5,enjoyable,Good taste. Even burn.
Graycliff G2 Maduro,5 out of 5,Ecxellent choice for a maduro,A mild maduros with lots of smoke. Worth every penny.
Graycliff G2 Maduro,4 out of 5,Graycliff G2,"A good, decent smoke. Smooth enough with a small bite at the very end. I like these and will continue to order. Great for golf."
Graycliff G2 Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent product,Excellent product would definitely recommend
Graycliff G2 Maduro,5 out of 5,graycliff g2,great and smooth cigar
Graycliff G2 Maduro,3 out of 5,Average,Just an every day smoke. No special skills
Graycliff Profesionale Series,5 out of 5,Superb smoke,One of my favorite cigars. The PG from Graycliff has a fantastic medium bodied flavor with a tight ash and is consistently delicious. If you have not tried this Graycliff put it on the list.
Graycliff Profesionale Series,5 out of 5,Love these.,Love these.
Graycliff Profesionale Series,5 out of 5,nice one,sailing smoothly thru the day or nite medium solid pack wonderful cigar-cheers al
Graycliff Profesionale Series,4 out of 5,Nice Smooth Cigar with Some Zip,"Good cigar for the price - a little spicier than what I am used to, but smoothness makes it nice."
Graycliff Profesionale Series,5 out of 5,Gray cliff Profesionale - Pirate,Great smooth drawing smoke. Just the right size for a sociable occasion.
Graycliff Profesionale Series,5 out of 5,One of my favorite's,The title says it all!
Graycliff Profesionale Series,4 out of 5,Graycliff Professional,"Very well balanced cigar, with supple complexity."
Graycliff Profesionale Series,4 out of 5,Greycliff blue label,"Nice smoke, very good construction, kind of spendy however. I buy them when there is a special offer to give my palate a change, but at regular price I think there are better cigar values at CI"
Graycliff Profesionale Series,5 out of 5,QUALITY!,this is one of 3 cigars that I have smoked this past year that is outstanding.Too bad I can't tell you the other 2!!!!!
Graycliff Profesionale Series,5 out of 5,Price:value equation....can’t be beat!,"I have purchased these cigars on a couple of occasions. Good flavor profile, smooth smoke. Will purchase again!"
Graycliff Profesionale Series,5 out of 5,Great quality smoke,"Great taste, even cool burn, medium body with just the right amount of complex flavor."
Graycliff Profesionale Series,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Graycliff Profesionale Series,4 out of 5,Graycliff,Smooth even burn
Graycliff Profesionale Series,2 out of 5,Graycliffe,Not as good as other cigars I have ordered in the past.
Graycliff Profesionale Series,4 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth and easy draw
Graycliff Profesionale Series,5 out of 5,Thanks,Thanks
Graycliff Profesionale Series,5 out of 5,I Like greycliff brand,Send me a 5 pack of the grey cliff grand cru please
Graycliff Profesionale Series,5 out of 5,Grand Graycliff,"Flawless Construction, draw and burn is only exceeded by the wonderful complexity of this blend. Pay attention as you smoke this vitola, you'll be at the band before you realize it is burning!"
Graycliff Profesionale Series,5 out of 5,Top shelf!,Top shelf!
Graycliff Profesionale Series,5 out of 5,super,super
Graycliff Profesionale Series,4 out of 5,Brought me back to the island,Enjoyed this a lot big fan of Greycliff
Graycliff Profesionale Series,4 out of 5,Okay,Okay
Graycliff Profesionale Series,3 out of 5,OK BUT NOT IMPRESSIVE,OK BUT NOT IMPRESSIVE
Graycliff Profesionale Series,5 out of 5,Grate cigar,I’ve never had a bad Graycliff.
Graycliff Profesionale Series,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Bought this in a sampler pack first and then bought a 10 pack becasue they were so good!
Graycliff Profesionale Series,5 out of 5,Nice Option,"I recently purchased the St Paddys Day Smorgasbord, I waited to write this review for 2 reasons I wont comment on a brand unless I smoke more than one cigar. With that being said we all purchase cigar bundles and you get that one brand that becomes your give away cigar. In the St Paddys day special offer all were out standing including the Greycliff. This was the first Greycliff I have had good burn, good flavor, nice draw and left me looking for more I thing I will go with a larger stick the one I had was a Robusto, I think a Churchill or a Torpedo might be in order . Enjoy"
Graycliff Profesionale Series,5 out of 5,Service is finally getting quicker!!,Service is finally getting quicker!!
Graycliff Profesionale Series,5 out of 5,St Paddys Day Offer,"I recently purchased the St Paddys Day Smorgasbord, I waited to write this review for 2 reasons I wont comment on a brand unless I smoke more than one cigar. With that being said we all purchase cigar bundles and you get that one brand that becomes your give away cigar. In the St Paddys day special offer all were out standing including the Greycliff. This was the first Greycliff I have had good burn, good flavor, nice draw and left me looking for more I thing I will go with a larger stick the one I had was a Robusto, I think a Churchill or a Torpedo might be in order . Enjoy"
Graycliff Profesionale Series,4 out of 5,Ok smoke,Ok smoke
Graycliff Profesionale Series,4 out of 5,Nice smooth cigar,Great quality cigar
Graycliff Profesionale Series,5 out of 5,Nice Smoke,"What more do you need to say, it's Graycliff."
Graycliff Profesionale Series,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Graycliff Profesionale Series,4 out of 5,Not bad for the price,"Too mild for my taste, but well made."
Graycliff Profesionale Series,5 out of 5,Great cigar. Like it cheaper,Great cigar. Like it cheaper
Graycliff Profesionale Series,5 out of 5,I love this bundle,Great collection of smokes from Graycliff. If you ever get to Nassau in the Bahamas you should go check the place out. Nice lounge and you can watch them roll 'em.
Graycliff Profesionale Series,5 out of 5,Graycliff Professional,"A well made double pressed cigar. Graycliff's are some of the finest cigars, burn evenly, nice white ash and rarely ever need to be relight."
Graycliff Profesionale Series,5 out of 5,Graycliff,Top shelf
Graycliff Profesionale Series,5 out of 5,Graycliff,Nice cigars good taste burns well!!
Graycliff Profesionale Series,5 out of 5,Excellent Smoke,I really enjoy these cigars but can only afford them when seriously on sale. They have a ton of amazing rich and spice-filled smoke. Every so often one is wrapped way too tight restricting the draw. I smoke them at 68% humidity and find it works best.
Graycliff Profesionale Series,5 out of 5,Graycliff Professional Series,"Excellent cigars at a great price! I toured the factory when I was on a business Trip to Nassau, and they are one of the best available. Keep the deals coming!"
Graycliff Profesionale Series,4 out of 5,Greycliff Professional,Really am enjoying these cigars - smooth and flavorful . And the price was right!
Graycliff Profesionale Series,3 out of 5,Satisified,"Decent cigar. I smoked Graycliff many years ago but didn't care for them. The PG is much better; however, imo just an average smoke"
Graycliff Profesionale Series,5 out of 5,Pirates aarrggh,"Favorites,especially, on sale. Professionales were my first cigars and have always been a staple in my humidor. Always a good smoke and a really good deal on sale."
Graycliff Profesionale Series,5 out of 5,"Never had a bad Graycliff,","Never had a bad Graycliff, always the highest quality."
Graycliff Profesionale Series,5 out of 5,A Favorite,The first cigar I ever smoked was a Graycliff Professionale in 2004. My father was a cigar smoker and I never got it till that moment. Hooked ever since then and talk about starting at the top.
Graycliff Profesionale Series,4 out of 5,Better than I expected,"I haven't been impressed by much from Graycliff in the past, but I chose these as a ""sweetener"" in a special on something I really wanted. Some got hot early but then mellowed out and delivered a lot of flavor. A little harsher than the best but a nice smoke."
Graycliff Profesionale Series,5 out of 5,"Smooth, Creamy and Delicious",Definite among my top 3 favorite cigars. This one IS my husband's favorite. A real treat. Enjoy! :)
Graycliff Profesionale Series,5 out of 5,Great cigar / iffy price,"I have become fond of this cigar after waiting a few weeks. The first was hard to get a good draw, but after resting, the rest were champs. It offers plenty of warm, a bit spicy and nutty smoke, and is a long slow burn. The price is a bit much, but in sampler packs it becomes a good buy."
Graycliff Profesionale Series,5 out of 5,Definitely Worth It!!!,"Bought these last minute from a Cigars International in an airport. I was going to a wedding and I knew the father of the groom smoked. I wanted something nice so I was willing to spend a little more than normal. I'm soooo glad I did, these cigars are awesome! Nice slow even burn and a great taste as well. I'm on this site now to get more now, I'm hooked lol."
Graycliff Profesionale Series,4 out of 5,A good smoke,"This cigar had very nice flavor but a difficult draw. It felt wrapped too tight and did not always give me a mouthful of smoke. The smoke flavor was rich, with strong flavors and an earthiness to it. It would have been perfect had it had better airflow."
Graycliff Turbo Edicion Limitada,5 out of 5,My favorite,My go to cigar. Only con is that the wrapper is a little fragile so use a good cutter and be careful on the golf course.
Graycliff Turbo Edicion Limitada,5 out of 5,I can dig it,Great smoke
Graycliff Turbo Edicion Limitada,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Outstanding smoke Burns great and evenly good taste goes well with grind espresso rum liquor or a fine cognac For you evenings smoke or with a good cuppa coffee in the morning
Graycliff Turbo Edicion Limitada,5 out of 5,Excellent,"I bought these for my best friend!!! He absolutely loved them! He is a cigar guy, and deems these his “Go to” cigars!"
Graycliff Turbo Edicion Limitada,5 out of 5,Graycliff,Excellent cigar
Graycliff Turbo Edicion Limitada,4 out of 5,A good smoke with a,"A good smoke with a smooth draw, a beautiful wrapper, and a rich complex flavour."
Graycliff Turbo Edicion Limitada,4 out of 5,"Very good, full body smoke","I was surprised and the body and richness. Slight spice, great burn. I would buy again."
Graycliff Turbo Edicion Limitada,5 out of 5,Good,Burn is even not a bad every day smoke
Graycliff Turbo Edicion Limitada,5 out of 5,Consistantly One of The Best,"Everything about this cigar is excellent, from the draw, the burn, to the rich complexity of flavors including caramel, spice, and leather. All in all one of my favorites."
Graycliff Turbo Edicion Limitada,5 out of 5,PRICE IS RIGHT,VERY GOOD SMOKE
Graycliff Turbo Edicion Limitada,4 out of 5,Turbo Time,"Recently the time I spend after a hard days work is spent with this “Turbo” Limitada cigar, which pairs really well with my choice of refreshment. I refer to this time as my “Turbo Time”."
Graycliff Turbo Edicion Limitada,4 out of 5,Good,Good
Graycliff Turbo Edicion Limitada,5 out of 5,good smoke/good taste,"Good burn, really good taste...."
Graycliff Turbo Edicion Limitada,5 out of 5,Graycliff Turbo,"Well constructed, good draw and smoke is mild and with a good finish. Will get this cigar again."
Graycliff Turbo Edicion Limitada,5 out of 5,Good smoke,"I enjoyed these.
The first i tried after afew days or so in my humi.
Not long enough, i had several little gripes.
Fast forward to a month and the next four were all much better"
Graycliff Turbo Edicion Limitada,4 out of 5,Great cigar,The wrapper flaked on some of them but the flavor is consistent and burns even.
Graycliff Turbo Edicion Limitada,3 out of 5,Graycliff Turbo Edicion Limitada Toro Pretty Good,Its a good burn and taste that I expect from Graycliff !
Graycliff Turbo Edicion Limitada,5 out of 5,Graycliffs are awesome,great taste and slow burn
Graycliff Turbo Edicion Limitada,5 out of 5,very good cigar,"I didn't know what to expect I bought these on a whim. I smoked one last night and it is one on the better cigars I have had. Great wrapper, nice burn, and smooth."
Graycliff Turbo Edicion Limitada,5 out of 5,Good,I love them and I was very impressed
Graycliff Turbo Edicion Limitada,4 out of 5,Smooth & flavorful.,Smooth & flavorful.
Graycliff Turbo Edicion Limitada,4 out of 5,Surprised,Skeptical about this brand and found them to be of high quality and flavor. Great golf cigar. Really pleased how fast CI got them to me.
Graycliff Turbo Edicion Limitada,5 out of 5,G2,Excellent smoke
Graycliff Turbo Edicion Limitada,5 out of 5,awesome smokes,awesome smokes
Graycliff Turbo Edicion Limitada,4 out of 5,Graycliff,I liked them.
Graycliff Turbo Edicion Limitada,5 out of 5,Fine cigar!,Consistently good. Flavorful. Well made. Even burn. I will continue smoking these. I do recommend them.
Graycliff Turbo Edicion Limitada,5 out of 5,Greycliff,Some of the best I have had 😎
Graycliff Turbo Edicion Limitada,3 out of 5,Not what I expected,"I’ve heard so much about gray Kidd and how fabulous they are. My expectations were high and unfortunately they weren’t met. The smoke had a very dry and aged spice taste to the wrapper.
Just want my type of smoke"
Graycliff Turbo Edicion Limitada,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Graycliff Turbo Edicion Limitada,3 out of 5,Average Graycliff,Good smoke. Not as smooth as regular Graycliff offerings.
Graycliff Turbo Edicion Limitada,4 out of 5,Good job,"This web page is so easy to use and reorders are great too.
Price on Graycliff collection was unbelievably low.
Delivery was very quick.
(Slight negative comment on the free Maduro coffee, flavor is a little weaker than most ground coffee) but who can complain about free coffee!"
Graycliff Turbo Edicion Limitada,5 out of 5,Pleasantly surprised with the taste and burn...,"This is my new number one, A great smoke with a good taste and always a quality burn..."
Graycliff Turbo Edicion Limitada,3 out of 5,Not as expected,"Expected more from this cigar. The flavor was pretty nondescript, and the cigar burned unevenly. Would probably not purchase again."
Graycliff Turbo Edicion Limitada,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Graycliff Turbo Edicion Limitada,4 out of 5,Great taste. Burns a bit,Great taste. Burns a bit fast. Good with coffee
Graycliff Turbo Edicion Limitada,5 out of 5,Outstanding,Incredible I'm very very satisfied and surprised by The Taste and flavor of it. I would definitely definitely get more
Graycliff Turbo Edicion Limitada,4 out of 5,Good cigar!,Will definitely purchase again!
Graycliff Turbo Edicion Limitada,2 out of 5,Pass,Not as good as the rest of the Greycliff line
Graycliff Turbo Edicion Limitada,5 out of 5,will purchase again,one of my favs
Graycliff Turbo Edicion Limitada,5 out of 5,Reliable Satisfaction,"I am always happily surprised how quickly my order arrives in Germany. The quality, selection and variety are very satisfying."
Graycliff Turbo Edicion Limitada,4 out of 5,Good but not fantastic,"A flavorful, enjoyable smoke. Better than a daily stick but below special occasion sticks"
Graycliff Turbo Edicion Limitada,4 out of 5,Good,This is a good cigar and I would recommend it to anyone.
Graycliff Turbo Edicion Limitada,5 out of 5,Good every day cigar.,Good every day cigar.
Graycliff Turbo Edicion Limitada,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Burns nice an slow. Good to the last puff
Graycliff Turbo Edicion Limitada,4 out of 5,Good stuff,New to the cigar world and bought these in their sale bundle. I wasn’t too thrilled at first but they have grown on me as I smoke more. Easy draw. Good taste. Would buy again if on sale.
Graycliff Turbo Edicion Limitada,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Graycliff Turbo Edicion Limitada,4 out of 5,Good cigar,very good mild cigar
Graycliff Turbo Edicion Limitada,5 out of 5,I have smoked those for,I have smoked those for the past 10 yrs none better for the price !!!
Graycliff Turbo Edicion Limitada,5 out of 5,Ohh Graycliff !,"Good construction, consistent uniform shape , and consistent clouds of smoke . Nice easy draw and burn down with nice mellow flavor. Awesome Smoke and more so of the price !"
Graycliff Turbo Edicion Limitada,3 out of 5,Doesn’t burn even,Doesn’t burn even doesn’t stay lite
Guardian of the Farm,5 out of 5,Best I’ve had,"Simply the best smoke I’ve had. Even steady burn and hinted spiced flavor. Nothing fancy, just great quality leaf, wrapper, and roll."
Guardian of the Farm,5 out of 5,fantastic,"these are great smokes. wow, there is a reason they were #8 for 2017 cigar aficionado. full of flavor, not so heavy and very tasty. CI gave me such a great deal i could not pass up the offer, and as i had been searching everywhere for the apollo, and CI had them, i ordered them right away. highly recommended."
Guardian of the Farm,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Smooth tight rich smoke!
Guardian of the Farm,5 out of 5,Nice,One of my favorite smokes
Guardian of the Farm,5 out of 5,Fantastic smoke,"This is a great 80 minute smoke. It lit nicely in spite of the closed foot & burned evenly. I first bought it because of the back-story of the cigar being named in honor of the pet dogs @ the factory, but I will buy again because of the taste."
Guardian of the Farm,5 out of 5,Favorite cigar right now,Favorite cigar right now
Guardian of the Farm,4 out of 5,"Excellent complex cigar , nice","Excellent complex cigar , nice even medium draw,"
Guardian of the Farm,5 out of 5,"Great daily smoke, buy some!","This is my daily smoke, in either double corona or rubusto. There is a reason I smoke it everyday. It is exceptional in every way. I have smoked hundred and hopefully will smoke thousands more.
For the price point it easily better than cigars double and even triple its cost.
I won’t lie, I am a warped fan. I find most of their cigars very good quality and satisfying smoking expierences.
Also Nicaruaguan Tobacco is my favorite and this cigar is no exception.
Always consistent, flawless construction and draw. I truly enjoy everyone.
Great flavors, pepper, cedar, tobacco and earth throughout, and then kind of melds toghether into a sweet creamy ness throughout the finish.
Buy a box you won’t regret it.
Kyle Gellis is truly a master, don’t let his youn age fool you this guy knows what he is doing.
Cheers (I’m smoking one right now!)"
Guillermo Leon,5 out of 5,Guillermo Leon Robusto,"Honestly a phenomenal cigar! Had one a few years back from a local brick and mortar store. Nice, easy draw, even burn, and white ash. Had just enough bite to go with the mellow tones. A tough cigar to seek out, but CI has them. Ordered a 5-pack to make sure the blend hasn't changed and they were excellent. Thanks CI!"
Gurkha 125th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Best of the Rest,Best smoking and tasty cigar I have found. I am going to hate to see these become less available - Consistently running low on stock because once you try them - you will reorder.
Gurkha 125th Anniversary,5 out of 5,To the nub,"My first Gurkha. 5 pack XO. Removing it from the plastic I noticed the quality immediately. Velvety rapper with beautiful veins in the leaves. The first puff was loaded with balanced flavor right in my wheelhouse medium full and smooth. Perfect ash for most of the treat, which is how I judge a good one. Loving this smoke to the nub."
Gurkha 125th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Standard Gurkha,Standard Gurkha
Gurkha 125th Anniversary,4 out of 5,Very Tasty,"Good flavor. I have only smoked one of these. It burned
unevenly. It was in my humidor for about a month. I will
try another this weekend."
Gurkha 125th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Great taste smooth smoke one,Great taste smooth smoke one of the BEST///
Gurkha 125th Anniversary,5 out of 5,My favorite Gurka,A great cigar to have on the golf course. Not too strong and plenty flavorful.
Gurkha 125th Anniversary,3 out of 5,They're okay,They're okay
Gurkha 125th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"Great Cigar - Great Taste, Draw and smoke-ability."
Gurkha 125th Anniversary,3 out of 5,Good price decent smoke burns,Good price decent smoke burns well
Gurkha 125th Anniversary,4 out of 5,Middle was good,Middle was good
Gurkha 125th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Gurka 125th Anniversary Rothchild,"Just the best. My new favorites. I feel like a rich, important man when I smoke these."
Gurkha 125th Anniversary,4 out of 5,Great cigar but terrible burn!,Great tasting cigar!!! Have smoked 3 of 5 that I ordered. The only issue I have is they don’t burn even but they taste great!
Gurkha 125th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Best Gurkha I have ever,Best Gurkha I have ever had.
Gurkha 125th Anniversary,4 out of 5,Good to have in the humidor,"Decent cigar, I've had some better options from Gurkha, but it would fit in as a daily smoker. Good burn (even), there is more of the cocoa notes here with some spice. Good buy!"
Gurkha 125th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Burns very good.,Burns very good.
Gurkha 125th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Simply incredible!!!,"Great stick,highly recommend."
Gurkha 125th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Very consistent,Very consistent
Gurkha 125th Anniversary,5 out of 5,"Creamy and smooth! One of, if not the best!",This has to be hands down one of my favorite Gurkah’s. Creamy and smooth throughout the whole cigar. I definitely will be buying more!
Gurkha 125th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Gurkha at its best,this is my favorite Gurkha what flavor and construction
Gurkha 125th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Great pull and excellent taste!,Great pull and excellent taste!
Gurkha 125th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Awesome box,"the box is awesome, reminds me of the cube in HellRaiser ;) the cigars are pretty good too... but seriously... I got it for the box... :)"
Gurkha 125th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Good buy,Good buy
Gurkha 125th Anniversary,3 out of 5,Solid daily smoke,Very good draw. Good build and consistent wrapper. Ok taste
Gurkha 125th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Creamy and Delicious!,Wow! What a bargain! These babies are hand crafted with great detail and they are smooth! Will definitely buy again! Thanks CI!
Gurkha 125th Anniversary,3 out of 5,Overated Cigar,The cigar is worth what I paid and not a penny more!
Gurkha 125th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"Great flavor, perfect draw, nice ash. Met my expectations. Good price on deal."
Gurkha 125th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Gurkha,Great start and better finish. One of the best cigars I have smoked.
Gurkha 125th Anniversary,4 out of 5,Great smoke,"Priced right, good burn and taste"
Gurkha 125th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Gurkha 125,i was very pleased with the look and taste of this cigar. nice veins running front front to end of cigar. the cigar burned well. strong blast from initial puff and last quarter of cigar became alive with flavor.
Gurkha 125th Anniversary,4 out of 5,Almost a 5!,Another excellent Gurkha. All aspects.
Gurkha 125th Anniversary,4 out of 5,Great Value,"This is one of the better cigars I’ve had for the price. Very good taste, draw, and burn. I would definitely buy these again."
Gurkha 125th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Gurkhas Galore,Luv ‘em!
Gurkha 125th Anniversary,4 out of 5,Nice smoke with complex flavoring.,Nice smoke with complex flavoring.
Gurkha 125th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar.,Excellent cigar.
Gurkha 125th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Gurkha 125th Anniversary Torpedo,"Great value, even greater cigar!"
Gurkha 125th Anniversary,5 out of 5,First Gurkha but not last!!!,"These guys are a great value!! They burn nice, very good flavors!"
Gurkha 125th Anniversary,3 out of 5,Gurkha Torpedoes,I gave them a 3 because they will never be my favorite. Not due to a quality issue. Just not my cup of tea from a flavor stand point.They smoked well and were consistent throughout the smoke.
Gurkha 125th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Wonderful Cigar,"I'll save these for last , as they are a favorite."
Gurkha 125th Anniversary,4 out of 5,"Pretty good, but not great.","Good burn initially but towards the end, the cigar begins to canoe and go out. After relighting a few times, the cigar begins to unravel and fall apart. To summarize, the cigar is good for about the first half or so, but after that, it’s not worth the effort in both taste and burn. I’ve smoked 5 or 6 with the same result each time. The box they came in is beautiful - my wife claimed it as.soon as it arrived. I normally smoke Oliva and Arturo Fuente...no comparison."
Gurkha 125th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Very good.,"Smooth,easy draw,burns evenly and very tasty."
Gurkha 125th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Well Done,I am very pleased (as always) with the timely receipt of a great cigar - at a fair price.
Gurkha 125th Anniversary,5 out of 5,One of the best Gurkhas I've smoked.,"A very nice cigar. Got these in a Gurkha sampler - now, I'll order more on their own. Good construction, easy draw, even burn - l think they lean more toward medium than bold but that's OK."
Gurkha 125th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Gurkha 125th rothchild,"Mighty fine stick. Great flavors, even burn; just a real enjoyable treat. Definitely will replenish."
Gurkha 125th Anniversary,4 out of 5,Cigar,"Good smoke, Mild flavor."
Gurkha 125th Anniversary,4 out of 5,gurkha 125,I found these a little strong for me but that is not saying they are a bad cigar. If you like a little stronger cigar I think you will realy like these.
Gurkha 125th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Gurkha 125,A great smoke. Excellent burn/flavor. I give it 5 stars.
Gurkha 125th Anniversary,4 out of 5,You need to try this one,I usually can't get behind most Gurkha cigars. But this cigar is a fine cigar from looks to flavor. The Brazilian tobacco flavor is sweet and tangy. It starts of muddled... but it isn't long before the flavors crisp up. Smooth after 2 weeks in the humidor. I'm actually contemplating a box to lay away for a nap. This Gurkha won me over.
Gurkha 125th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Spicy & Tasty,"The Gurkha 125th Anniversary is a great tasting and vibrantly tantalizing stick! Goes great with a coffee, high rye bourbon, or a highland scotch. Stock and stash these in your humidor."
Gurkha 125th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Very good,Outstanding
Gurkha 125th Anniversary,4 out of 5,"Firm draw, good smoke","These are rolled so well, that you get more enjoyment out of a shorter cigar. They can get a little harsh toward the end, but most do."
Gurkha 130th Reserve,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar! I would highly,Excellent cigar! I would highly recommend it.
Gurkha 130th Reserve,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good enjoyable smoke that will last an hr and a half to two hrs. Nice flavors that progress as you smoke
Gurkha 130th Reserve,5 out of 5,Gurkha 130th Reserve Churchill Turbo.,Gurkha 130th reserve is a very smooth smoke. They burn very even and stay lit. I'm not a big fan of the class tubes They are packaged in. I have to be careful because the glass will break very easily.
Gurkha 130th Reserve,5 out of 5,Great cigars great price I’m,Great cigars great price I’m very happy
Gurkha 130th Reserve,5 out of 5,Worth every penny,Worth every penny
Gurkha 130th Reserve,4 out of 5,No cigar is perfect. This,No cigar is perfect. This one is good/
Gurkha 130th Reserve,3 out of 5,"Good, with a little work","I know Gurkha has some serious haters, but I've had some decent and even good ones along with the bad. And this is one of the good ones. Once you get passed the Ft. Knox security they've created with all of that wax (I just carefully break the glass) and THEN do some aging, they turn out to be tasty and well-constructed. I will also testify to the difference in makes aging them sans tubo versus keeping them in their beautiful packaging - they smoke like a completely different cigar."
Gurkha 130th Reserve,5 out of 5,Great taste,First time. Definitely buy again.
Gurkha 130th Reserve,3 out of 5,Great cigars,Great cigars
Gurkha 130th Reserve,3 out of 5,Great stick in impressive wrapper,Great stick in impressive wrapper
Gurkha 130th Reserve,5 out of 5,5-Star Taste,"This by far is one of the tastiest sticks I have ever had, very relaxing, smells and smokes great. You can always tell the quality of the cigar/tobacco from the ashes as it burns, they hit this one out of the park."
Gurkha 130th Reserve,5 out of 5,Try this cigar!!,"Package arrived in outstanding condition. Very smooth & mello beginning, subtle Cocoa and leather flavors coming through. I paired it with a glass Hennessey VSOP. Nice combination!!"
Gurkha 130th Reserve,3 out of 5,Not as good as I thought,"nice packageing but cant smoke it ! third in to the 5 i got free. all 3 when opening from glass tube great smell of the stick. very loose roll inconsistant burn wont stay going for more that 3 mins if your not sucking on it. many touch up lights, uneven burn, not many veins. ash dropes off to soon. iam very surprized that all the work went into packageing . would i buy they i dont think so. i have had better for less money."
Gurkha 130th Reserve,3 out of 5,Just OK,"Soft, underfilled smoke. Not particularly flavorful. Burned unevenly and somewhat quickly despite being a Churchill size cigar. It's a shame that the flavor didn't match the presentation."
Gurkha 130th Reserve,5 out of 5,Great Cigar. Great taste,I bought a box of the $99 a piece cohiba's and I would much rather smoke these. Much better cigar
Gurkha 130th Reserve,4 out of 5,Pleasantly surprised by the quality,Pleasantly surprised by the quality
Gurkha 130th Reserve,5 out of 5,...i need a fatter gauge of these,"Received a 5pack promo of these on my last order and WoW they are great. Upon unwinding the wax, I immediately noticed it's deep glistening and toothy EH wrapper. The stick has substantial heft to it in hand. Scent is rather noticable upon toast. From approximately the 1st inch or so, I noticed a welcomed tanginess all throughout my tongue :) Then kicks in the choco (tangy chocolate ;) Now, combine all that with a nice smooth & creamy long finish. Excellent burn / construction throughout. This stick begs to be enjoyed indoors as it yields the aroma & depth to be truly appreciated. I <3'd the first one so much, I chained right into a second...both were paired with a 4pack of Old Rasputin \m/"
Gurkha 130th Reserve,3 out of 5,OK,i got these free from ci. one out of 5. first 1/3 good burn and ash ! 2/3 way uneven burn.last 1/3 bitter taste. but smokeable to nub. good draw little vains. lasted over hr. i will have to see if they improve as i get into others
Gurkha 130th Reserve,5 out of 5,Enjoyed,I usually like a 50 gauge but liked this cogar
Gurkha 130th Reserve,5 out of 5,"Smooth, Tasty & Pleasurable","Just on appearance I was expecting a dark, heavy smoke...Wrong! What a tasty, smooth & pleasurable treat. My regular smoke is a Macanudo Inspirato White. This ranks right up there, if not better."
Gurkha 130th Reserve,5 out of 5,Dry Box and You will enjoy,"Per the many reviews I read before smoking this stick, I opened the tube and left in spanish cedar dry box for about 8 hours prior to lighting. That seemed to solve all of the issues others have reported on here. It was a nice slow, even burn. I loved the taste and the aroma."
Gurkha 130th Reserve,5 out of 5,Very well made hand made,"What an excellent experience! I received these and lit one up right away. Straight out of the glass tube the smell was refreshing and pleasing. The cut; clean slice and nothing unraveled... no bits of dryness anywhere. Toasting the foot left a sweet smell in the air, I was sad when the light wind carried it away. The smoke; cool and smooth. Just the first puffs alone left a taste of dark chocolate and cocoa. I was surprised and happy immediately. Tastes are different for each of us of course, but for me the chocolate lasted all the way down to the last two inches of the cigar. There was no harshness and I didn’t get any “pepper.” Just flavor sensation, tobacco taste, and good smoke. The wrapper was oily and after a while I felt as though I had lip balm on. It’s pleasing to enjoy such a good cigar. Construction; no problems, fantastic draw."
Gurkha 130th Reserve,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigars,I purchased these cigars as a gift for my son. He celebrated great news with one & could not wait to let me know how good they were.
Gurkha 130th Reserve,4 out of 5,no complaints from me.,One the best cigars I ever had. This is not an everyday Smoke. I consider them for celebrations purposes only. Thats only if you can wait.
Gurkha 130th Reserve,4 out of 5,"God smoke, easy draw","God smoke, easy draw"
Gurkha 130th Reserve,5 out of 5,Excellent Stick!! Great flavor and,Excellent Stick!! Great flavor and even burn!!
Gurkha 130th Reserve,4 out of 5,Gurkha 130th Reserve,"The Gurkha, although a little mild for my taste , is a well constructed smooth spicy smoke with a great draw. The taste varies from spice to a touch of straw but your in for a tasty suprise ahead of you!"
Gurkha 130th Reserve,4 out of 5,Very Tasty!,Very Tasty!
Gurkha 130th Reserve,5 out of 5,Good,Good
Gurkha 130th Reserve,3 out of 5,Got them for free,The flavor is great but the burn was inconsistent. Color was also inconsistent in all five cigars.
Gurkha 130th Reserve,4 out of 5,Beautiful and Tasty,"I've never met a Gurkha that didn't have burn and/or draw issues, including this one. That being said, what a beautiful and tasty cigar this is."
Gurkha 130th Reserve,3 out of 5,"Rock, and Roll this one a little better!","Very interesting flavor, different, can’t identify it, but it’s one of those that I suspect you will either love it or hate it. For me not my favorite Gurkha by far. The roll is pathetic for a cigar of this caliber. Loose, and easily compressible. I’ve had $3.00 cigars that were rolled better. As is typical for Gurkha, awesomely great packaging, but the product itself often leaves one disappointed by comparison."
Gurkha 130th Reserve,5 out of 5,Gurkha 130th passes the test.,CI got my order to me quickly. Good deal for these great cigars. Gurkha hasn't failed me yet.
Gurkha 130th Reserve,5 out of 5,smooth,smooth
Gurkha 130th Reserve,4 out of 5,Pretty good,Good flavor burns well it is a pta to open. Rather have a different size
Gurkha 130th Reserve,5 out of 5,This is a nice Gurkha,I am a fan of the Centurion but I can safely say I never tried another Gurkha that I liked as much. I picked up these on a hunch and I have to say I like it just as much. It smokes without biting you and the flavor is nutty and nice. Mine canoed a little bit but it was worth the extra effort to even it out. You would think that this takes a while to smoke but (maybe it was because it was so enjoyable!) this one was gone in usual time.
Gurkha 130th Reserve,5 out of 5,A fantastic tabacco,Last for a good while for fast smokers like me. A fantastic smoke overall.
Gurkha 130th Reserve,5 out of 5,Great cigars,Nice cigar. Good burn and flavor.
Gurkha 130th Reserve,4 out of 5,Good,Nice easy pull smooth and tasty
Gurkha 130th Reserve,4 out of 5,Great cigar.,"I never used to be much of a Gurkha fan. They always seemed to be discounted way too much, to the point of wondering what was up.
The I tried a Genghis Khan. And loved it. So I figured that maybe I had been too harsh and should give Gurkha another chance. With that in mind and how COOL these cigars are in their crystal sheaths, I pulled the trigger and I'm very happy I did. They're robust without being overpowering, smooth notes of hay and subtle cocoa, easy retrohale, smooth on the sinuses. Really enjoyed this stick. The only reason it doesn't make 5 stars is the the construction and burn was merely OK. Needed a couple of touchups and the wrapper started to unravel cos the cap wasn't the tightest. Bottom line"" If you see these heavily discounted, pick some up."
Gurkha 130th Reserve,4 out of 5,Smooth,Great smokes not to harsh just good enough
Gurkha 130th Reserve,3 out of 5,Difficulty opening tubes,I had real difficulty opening the glass tubes. As far as the cigar goes it was 3 of 5.
Gurkha 130th Reserve,5 out of 5,great cigar,great cigar
Gurkha 130th Reserve,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Great Cigar. Good Price.
Gurkha 130th Reserve,5 out of 5,I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THESE CIGARS!,I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THESE CIGARS!
Gurkha 130th Reserve,5 out of 5,He loves them....,He loves them....
Gurkha 130th Reserve,5 out of 5,good till the last puff,good till the last puff
Gurkha 130th Reserve,5 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth
Gurkha 130th Reserve,2 out of 5,Cigar doesn't measure up to packaging - a Gurkha trademark evidently,"Just not at all impressed with this cigar. Very loosely rolled, and actually just fell apart with about a third left. Flavor was OK, burn was uneven. But like a lot of the Gurkha cigars I've smoked over the last ten years, the cigar falls far short of the packaging, and is a disappointment. Please, give me a good cigar for my buck, Gurkha, rather than fancy tubes or ornate boxes and bands. Maybe some day, I'll learn my lesson and just stop buying any Gurkhas - even though I truly want to like them."
Gurkha 130th Reserve,5 out of 5,Love my Gurka,"I knew they were going to be a great cigar but WOW! Great taste all the way to the end I was planning on giving one to an old friend of mine, but can't let go!"
Gurkha Aged Cabinet,4 out of 5,Good,"i like this cigar, good for an early afternoon time out."
Gurkha Aged Cabinet,5 out of 5,Gurkha,I really enjoyed this smoke. A nice everyday mellow.
Gurkha Aged Cabinet,5 out of 5,Relaxing and mellow,"Very enjoyable smoke, mellow. The sort of cigar you don't need to worry too much about. Just spark up and enjoy big billows of tasty smoke."
Gurkha Aged Cabinet,3 out of 5,Friends said it tasted like,Friends said it tasted like steamed crabs but gets very harsh towards the middle to the end.
Gurkha Aged Cabinet,4 out of 5,Surprisingly good.,Surprisingly good.
Gurkha Aged Cabinet,4 out of 5,Nice medium robusto,Smoked at lake! nice medium robusto. not very complex but more spice middle to end.
Gurkha Aged Cabinet,4 out of 5,Gurkha Aged,Great cigar. My first were a bit dry so they needed a week or so in the humidor. Goes well with coffee in the afternoons.
Gurkha Aged Cabinet,5 out of 5,Excellent,"I love gurkhas, especially when they are on sale. I picked up the Connecticut version. I'm usually a Maduro smoker but I enjoy a mellow cigar with coffee or after a hard day. These have surprisingly great flavor for a mellow cigar, almost approaching medium bodied but it's incredibly smooth. No harsh tones what so ever. I smoked two in a row I liked it so much. Good 45 minute smoke."
Gurkha Aged Cabinet,5 out of 5,Robust,"The cigar has a smooth flavor, what's a great burn grab yourself your favorite bourbon on the rocks and your night will be complete."
Gurkha Aged Cabinet,5 out of 5,Greatest,I like this a lot
Gurkha Aged Cabinet,5 out of 5,Good,Good smoke
Gurkha Aged Cabinet,3 out of 5,Overrated but decent,"Inconsistent flavors. Sometimes peppery, sometimes mild. For the price there are many other good CI choices."
Gurkha Aged Cabinet,4 out of 5,Nice - smooth - when,Nice - smooth - when looking for a short smoke.
Gurkha Aged Cabinet,3 out of 5,Little harsh but good every,Little harsh but good every day smoke
Gurkha Aged Cabinet,4 out of 5,Smooth,Good with Irish whiskey
Gurkha Archive,5 out of 5,Perfect cigar not to bold,Perfect cigar not to bold and not to mild beginning to end.
Gurkha Archive,5 out of 5,Newbie smoker,Amazing smoke
Gurkha Archive,5 out of 5,Desert without the calories,Amazing Cigar! I have not had one in a few years. I just received my box and they are delicious. Tons of flavor just like I remember! Sweeter as it developed!
Gurkha Archive,5 out of 5,Very good,Very good
Gurkha Archive,5 out of 5,"Get a box of these, you won't be sorry.","great cigar. Got them at a great price. Get a box of these, you won't be sorry."
Gurkha Archive,3 out of 5,Average,Smoke is uneven and even dry at times. Very nice box though.
Gurkha Archive,5 out of 5,Took a chance,A nice smoke
Gurkha Archive,5 out of 5,Great cigars will buy again,Great cigars will buy again
Gurkha Archive,5 out of 5,"Great price, great smoke, cool box!","Excellent, well constructed tasty cigar. Lasts along time and didn’t need relighting after being set down for several minutes. Lots of bilowy, white smoke. The box is beautiful and has magnets embedded in the lid and box to keep it securely closed. The price on these was insanely cheap for such a great cigar."
Gurkha Archive,4 out of 5,Good Cigar. Interesting box.,Good Cigar. Interesting box.
Gurkha Archive,4 out of 5,Weekday Smoke,Medium to full bodied middle of the road cigar. I try to save my better and usually more expensive sticks for the weekend but these are really good for a weekday stick.
Gurkha Archive,5 out of 5,Gurhka torpedo,"Great cigar, great value!"
Gurkha Archive,5 out of 5,Docs pick,Love the smooth taste
Gurkha Archive,4 out of 5,Great medium body smoke to,Great medium body smoke to leave u relaxed
Gurkha Archive,4 out of 5,"ARCHIVE ""SURPRISE""","SO WELL BALANCED OF RICH FLAVOR SMOOTHNESS, W/ VERY LITTLE HARSH KICKBACK-YEP,ME HAPPY"
Gurkha Archive,5 out of 5,Enjoyed by all,I handed out these cigars at a golf event and they were a big hit!
Gurkha Archive,5 out of 5,Bought on impulse and love it,I bought the Gurkha Archive Torpedo on an impulse while I was buying something else. That turned out to be a good impulse buy. I love this cigar and will buy it again.
Gurkha Archive,4 out of 5,Gurkha Archive Torpedo....Good not Great,"A little light for my taste, but a good morning stick. No problem with draw or burn. C.I. website/staff/value are still the BEST! JR try to keep up!"
Gurkha Archive,2 out of 5,Meh,"Uneven smoke, did not burn well"
Gurkha Archive,4 out of 5,Gurkha Archive,"Great cigar, love the coffee and nutty flavors."
Gurkha Archive,5 out of 5,Archive this gurkha,"Really enjoy the hints of flavors in this one. Burns right, rolled tight, price is right. Not a fan of torpedo but I'm getting used to these."
Gurkha Archive,4 out of 5,Almost there.,"Very good cigar for the sale price. Good smoke, not quite as rich as I hoped, but happy to have them in the humidor."
Gurkha Archive,5 out of 5,Good,Good
Gurkha Archive,5 out of 5,Nice cigar,"I’m a huge Gurkha fan
This cigar is one of the reasons whu"
Gurkha Archive,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigars.,Excellent Cigars.
Gurkha Archive,2 out of 5,Gurka Archive,"I recently tried the Gurka Archive and found the construction to be subpar. Apparently skimping on the amount of tobacco used, the cigar did not hold its shape during the second half of the smoke. I would not buy this cigar again."
Gurkha Archive,5 out of 5,Awesome cigars,Awesome cigars
Gurkha Archive,5 out of 5,Gurkha,Outstanding!
Gurkha Archive,1 out of 5,Harsh and very hard to,Harsh and very hard to keep lit. I wore out my lighter trying to keep lit.
Gurkha Archive,5 out of 5,Ghurka Archive torpedo,"I I have bought the Ghurka Archives before and liked them. Nice flavor and a consistent burn. As usual, I am pleased with the service CI delivered."
Gurkha Archive,4 out of 5,How do they do it?,"I’ve never had a Gurkha cigar that I didn’t enjoy immensely. So many of their cigars are super expensive, and so many of them are super cheap. Frankly...at every price point, I can’t tell much difference. But I do enjoy all their products."
Gurkha Archive,5 out of 5,extremely good all around cigar,extremely good all around cigar
Gurkha Archive,5 out of 5,archive,one of the better smokes i had recently
Gurkha Archive,5 out of 5,smooth and flavorful,"I bought them twice
Both times same great smoke"
Gurkha Archive,5 out of 5,Ghurka at its best,These Gurkha archive torpedoes have a beautiful seamless outer rapper and has a feel like Silk taste is delicious and Mild with smoking down to the nub something that I've learned to master with this stick. The smell is terrific the smoke is creamy and as a long-time smoker first time with this particular cigar makes me want to put in a stock for the summer. This is a very enjoyable cigar
Gurkha Archive,5 out of 5,Can't go wrong,"great smoke ,good taste one of my favorites"
Gurkha Archive,2 out of 5,Disappointed,"The most uneven burning
cigar I have ever purchased from CI and that's a shame because it does have some good qualities such as taste. I have used two lighters of butane trying to keep these smokes even burning, wasted a lot of time and cigar doing this. Too bad I did enjoy the smoke were not for the other issues."
Gurkha Archive,5 out of 5,Gurkha,This was a great buy! I smoke a stick everyday and this is a great go to cigar!
Gurkha Archive,3 out of 5,OK,Nice smoke...had to keep lighting it
Gurkha Archive,5 out of 5,Would i purchase again? absolutely!,"Another quality Gurkha, smooth, flavorful, even burn, and at this price you cant go wrong. These will be a regular in my humidor."
Gurkha Archive,5 out of 5,Smooth smoke,"Nice draw and good to the last drop, the Archive lives up to the Gurkha name"
Gurkha Archive,5 out of 5,Great Slow Smoker,"I've ordered the Archive Robusto cigars and loved them, so naturally when I saw the torpedos on sale I snagged them up. The Gurkha Archive is my favorite on course (golf) cigar to smoke. It lasts a whole 9 holes, great flavor. A must buy if you haven't tried them!!"
Gurkha Archive,1 out of 5,Disappointing,Flavor much too light for my style. Bigger problem is construction. Burns unevenly and requires re-lighting several times. Expected a better quality cigar.
Gurkha Archive,5 out of 5,Another Great Gurkha,"What's to say, most of Ghurka are swell, and these are no exception. The bonus here is Torpedo, with excellent wrapper."
Gurkha Archive,5 out of 5,If you know of a better cigar,"I have a note in my notebook that this might be the best cigar on the planet. The Archive is smooth, rich dark and delicious. Descriptors such as ""toasted nuts, creamy, chocolate and coffee"" confuse me, so I'll say, it is my current bench mark as best smoke, but I am still learning and open to suggestions. :-)"
Gurkha Archive,5 out of 5,Gurkha Aims to please,"Gurkha has very quickly become my favourite cigar brand, and the Archive Torpedo does not disappoint. Smooth flavor, and a nice even burn. Pair this with your favorite sipping Burbon and you have a nice relaxer for the end of your day."
Gurkha Archive,2 out of 5,Nice Try,The burn is uneven/awful and the draw is difficult.
Gurkha Archive,3 out of 5,Long smoke,"I usually smoke a Gordo size cigar when I want a long smoke, but this Churchil offers a good long smoke as well. Some of these need attention to get an even smoke, but the flavor is consistent. It’s a mid range quality that’s why I give it 3.5 stars."
Gurkha Archive,1 out of 5,Tastes weird!,I have smoked many different Gurkha cigars and this is the first time I found one unsmokeable.
Gurkha Archive,1 out of 5,Wouldn’t stay lit,Been smoking cigars for 40 years and I’ve never had a cigar that was so difficult to keep lit. Worst cigar ever and certainly won’t be getting this again.
Gurkha Avenger G5,4 out of 5,Good first impression,My first go with the Avenger was very pleasant experience. Good body with plenty of smoke and flavor.
Gurkha Avenger G5,4 out of 5,About time,I have been smoking these cigars for years. Good to see CI is finely selling them. Good addition to any humidor.
Gurkha Avenger G5,4 out of 5,Good flavor,The G5 is a solid cigar and has good flavor.
Gurkha Avenger G5,5 out of 5,Smooth,"Great everyday, easy draw. Will definitely buy again"
Gurkha Avenger G5,4 out of 5,Pleasant Surprise,"I recently tried the G5 after I received five in a sampler. I didn't know what to expect having read nothing on this blend. I broke two out, one for myself and one for a friend visiting from Texas. I was immediately impressed with the flavor blend and the smooth draw. My buddy, not a cigar man, said he really enjoyed it. It burnt evenly and held a decent ash. I am usually found with a Gurkha in hand, Beauty, Beast, Park Avenue, Symphony, Black Dragon and Genghis Khan to name the usual suspects. I will definitely adding the G5 to the rotation."
Gurkha Avenger G5,5 out of 5,G5 guilty pleasure,A smoky indulgence. Good from first puff to last pull. A great after dinner smoke.
Gurkha Avenger G5,5 out of 5,gurkha g5,Always a great smoke!!
Gurkha Avenger G5,5 out of 5,Incredible stick,I heard good things so I figured I'd give it a try. Loved it. Shared a few and everyone felt the same way. This is incredible smoke and for the money everyone needs to give it a try.
Gurkha Avenger G5,3 out of 5,Gurkha Avenger G5 Torpedo,"They were ok, not bad for an everyday smoke."
Gurkha Avenger G5,5 out of 5,Gurkha Avenger G5 Torpedo,"enjoyed these Gurkhas after dinner
I will order again"
Gurkha Avenger G5,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,These sticks were great! The price was right and the flavor was spot on!
Gurkha Avenger G5,4 out of 5,Ghurka smokes,They are pretty good if you like more medium than mild. Not the best but really not that bad. But the doggone torpedo shape makes it tough to keep in your mouth while swinging a golf club.
Gurkha Avenger G5,5 out of 5,Good Smoke,Good smoke for the money
Gurkha Avenger G5,4 out of 5,Good,Good
Gurkha Avenger G5,5 out of 5,Top Notch,I love the Gurka. Smokes smooth and flavorful
Gurkha Avenger G5,5 out of 5,great smoke-great value,Really good consistent smoke. Burns evenly with flavor that is good to the end. Price is great also.
Gurkha Avenger G5,5 out of 5,good value,very good smoke
Gurkha Avenger G5,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Gurkha Avenger G5,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Well burning and wrapped snuggly so it produced a strong clean ash.
Gurkha Avenger G5,5 out of 5,G5,"Purchased on a discount. fantastic smoke. good draw, complex flavor."
Gurkha Avenger G5,4 out of 5,A good tasting smoke that,A good tasting smoke that burns well.
Gurkha Avenger G5,5 out of 5,New top 2,"One of the best Gurkha cigars I have ever smoked. Smooth, creamy and an even draw."
Gurkha Avenger G5,5 out of 5,Love this smoke,Great Cigar
Gurkha Avenger G5,4 out of 5,Smooth and refreshing taste.,Smooth and refreshing taste.
Gurkha Avenger G5,5 out of 5,Gurkha G5 Avenger Farewell Tour,Great cigars. I hate the fact that Gurkha is no longer going to make them.
Gurkha Avenger G5,4 out of 5,G5,Smooth slow burn with a rich moderate flavor. Plan at least an hour to enjoy this stick.
Gurkha Avenger G5,4 out of 5,Ghurka g5,Good cigar Smooth no after taste right roll good burn
Gurkha Avenger G5,5 out of 5,Gurkha Avenger G5 Torpedo,"Great cigar. Firmly packed, burns evenly, all in all a fine cigar."
Gurkha Avenger G5,5 out of 5,"Good burn, nice flavor. Not","Good burn, nice flavor. Not overpowering, and smooth"
Gurkha Avenger G5,5 out of 5,Outstanding cigar,"Great taste, nice slow even burn."
Gurkha Avenger G5,3 out of 5,they were justOK will not,they were justOK will not buy them again
Gurkha Avenger G5,5 out of 5,Great Taste,Taste is Smooth and pleasant
Gurkha Avenger G5,5 out of 5,"Nice smoke, enough kick but","Nice smoke, enough kick but not overpowering"
Gurkha Avenger G5,4 out of 5,Pretty good smoke. Nice burn,Pretty good smoke. Nice burn and draw
Gurkha Avenger G5,5 out of 5,"Surpise, Surprise!","I've never been a big Gurkha guy, but love a good box cut, and a good torpedo, so I figured what the heck? Can't go wrong with a 5-pack trial via the BYO sampler. All five were excellent: great draw, smooth flavor with a medium-to-medium-full taste, at least for my palate. I'll be ordering these every time they're offered, probably in lieu of other brands I like if necessary. If you haven't tried them, you should."
Gurkha Avenger G5,5 out of 5,G-5,Very good cigar
Gurkha Avenger G5,4 out of 5,Girls Avenger,"Good draw, good smoke, burned too fast."
Gurkha Avenger G5,3 out of 5,G5,"Pretty good cigar, no complaints. Nice steady burn full flavor."
Gurkha Avenger G5,1 out of 5,"Gurkha Avenger G5 Torpedo,","Harsh, no flavor....not up to Gurkha standards."
Gurkha Avenger G5,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar good taste smoked fast burned even
Gurkha Avenger G5,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Really enjoyed this very good Torpedo
Gurkha Avenger G5,5 out of 5,Nice smoke,Good flavor nice cigar
Gurkha Avenger G5,4 out of 5,Interesting,"Kind of interesting, had a cinnamon flavor note. Nicely made, easy draw, lots of smoke. Missing the depth of flavor I expected. Interesting but not exciting."
Gurkha Avenger G5,4 out of 5,Gurkha Anenger G5,"Starts off peppery them mellows 1/3 of the way, turning a bit nutty. Picks up a little punch at last 1/3. Roll was a little loose/soft preventing a 5 star rating. Good draw though."
Gurkha Avenger G5,5 out of 5,Satisfaction,"Excellent service, Excellent Value!😀"
Gurkha Avenger G5,5 out of 5,smooth,so good love them
Gurkha Avenger G5,5 out of 5,excellent service.,excellent service.
Gurkha Avenger G5,3 out of 5,Ehhhh....,I'm letting them sit for a while longer. The first one wasn't that impressive.
Gurkha Avenger G5,5 out of 5,Gurkha G5 Torpedo,"I really like the Gurkha brand, and these do not disappoint. A nice smoke that draws evenly from start to finish. Another winner from Gurkha!"
Gurkha Avenger G5,5 out of 5,Gurkha Avenger,Excellent cigar
Gurkha Barracuda,5 out of 5,Always reliable cigars thanks cigar international,Excellent cigar highly recommended and as always excellent product from cigar international ready to smoke perfect humidity
Gurkha Barracuda,4 out of 5,Good taste,Burns even has a good taste. Would recommend.
Gurkha Barracuda,5 out of 5,gurkha barracuda,"excellent, every day go to smoke.
steady burn, smooth draw.
never requires reaming."
Gurkha Barracuda,5 out of 5,Gurka Barracuda,A fantastic cigar. I've smoked several now with the same flavor and consistency every time. Gurka Centurian is my favorite all time cigar so I am a big Gurka fan. This I happily put into my favorites circulation.
Gurkha Barracuda,4 out of 5,Really enjoyed the cigar.,Really enjoyed the cigar.
Gurkha Barracuda,4 out of 5,Good smoke,It was a pleasant smoke!
Gurkha Barracuda,3 out of 5,Cigar,Use as a filler to fill your humidor
Gurkha Barracuda,5 out of 5,Great smoke...great price...perfect strength,"Not too strong, not too mild....great middle of the road smoke on the higher end"
Gurkha Barracuda,5 out of 5,Very mellow and smooth.,Very mellow and smooth.
Gurkha Barracuda,5 out of 5,Amazing cigars ! greatest prices !,"I’ve been smoking for about half my life and (I’m not that old!) I’ve always been a fan of a good mild cigars , I’ve found out about cigars international through my father , and am impressed with the amazing variety and great prices , killer deals , I’ve Gotten the chance to broaden my taste buds too buying variety packs that have different types and found new favorites .thank you for the magazines and updates through email I appreciate it"
Gurkha Barracuda,3 out of 5,Decent cigar for the price,Decent cigar for the price
Gurkha Barracuda,5 out of 5,Always Great,You can’t go wrong with this brand. I’ve not had a bad one yet.
Gurkha Barracuda,4 out of 5,Nice mild cigar,Nice smooth smoke with a large volume draw. Wrapper is delicate and was slightly disappointed with the first one I smoked as it unraveled a bit when it was wet. The rest of them have smoked well. Would buy again.
Gurkha Barracuda,5 out of 5,Great cigar. Smoke em till,Great cigar. Smoke em till there is nothing left.
Gurkha Barracuda,5 out of 5,A must have,Great cigar for the money. Plus it came with a free knife that was sharp enough to shave with.
Gurkha Barracuda,5 out of 5,Great cigars,Great cigars for a great price plus I got some whiskey glasses. Love CI
Gurkha Barracuda,5 out of 5,Good,"Very good smoke, just burns up fast. Lots of smoke."
Gurkha Barracuda,4 out of 5,very nice smoke for the,very nice smoke for the price
Gurkha Barracuda,5 out of 5,Gurkha fan.,Awesome cigar full of flavor burns well lots of smoke ...Gurkha never disappoints
Gurkha Barracuda,3 out of 5,So far so good.,"I have only smoked a couple so far but not bad of a cigar, good construction and draw."
Gurkha Barracuda,4 out of 5,Does the job.,Smokes a little fast & uneven.
Gurkha Barracuda,5 out of 5,Burns nice and cool,Burns nice and cool
Gurkha Barracuda,5 out of 5,Very Good,I like these a lot..
Gurkha Barracuda,5 out of 5,Nice box pressed cigars!,"Good smoke, nice wrap!"
Gurkha Barracuda,5 out of 5,Good cigar,I am a big fan of gurka cigars
Gurkha Barracuda,4 out of 5,GOOD SMOKE.,"good smoke, will buy again."
Gurkha Barracuda,4 out of 5,a soft smke,the only thing that stands out in this smoke is that it gets a little stail twards the bottom third
Gurkha Barracuda,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Excellent smoke. Really good draw with a BIG train of smoke. Will definitely order again.
Gurkha Barracuda,4 out of 5,"You can not tell a Cigar by its rapper, Merry Christmas to all.","Great smoke, but I am sorry to say that the first one out of the pack fell apart just after lighting it, the second one was Beautiful, made me feel like a kid in a candy store, what a great cigar."
Gurkha Barracuda,4 out of 5,Smooth smoke.,"This is a pleasure to smoke. Even burn, with alot of smoke on your palate. I highly recommend this stick."
Gurkha Barracuda,5 out of 5,Nice stick,"Nice smoking stick, very tasty highly recommend"
Gurkha Barracuda,5 out of 5,Barracuda,A mild oak flavor that leaves a sweet hint of barracuda on the pallet
Gurkha Barracuda,5 out of 5,smooth smoke,like this perfecta was very smooth smoke and easy to draw
Gurkha Barracuda,5 out of 5,Amazing,"Amazing. Right up there with my other favorite, The Evil."
Gurkha Barracuda,5 out of 5,Gurkha,"This smoke lasts as long as a churchill, excellent taste, very glad I ordered these"
Gurkha Barracuda,5 out of 5,Great Cigars,Good quality. Great flavor and great burn.
Gurkha Barracuda,5 out of 5,Great buy,Great price for high quality cigars.
Gurkha Barracuda,5 out of 5,As advertised; excellent buy. First,As advertised; excellent buy. First class smoke. Great to deal with you.
Gurkha Barracuda,5 out of 5,perfect,"great smoke, very flavorful"
Gurkha Barracuda,5 out of 5,Content,Nice sticks. Happy with the service. Burning one right now. Keep up the good work. rt
Gurkha Barracuda,5 out of 5,One of my favorites,Smooth but strong.
Gurkha Barracuda,5 out of 5,love my Gurka's,"one of my faves from Gurka, just wish I could afford to have about 100 in my chest!"
Gurkha Barracuda,4 out of 5,Good cigar i recomend it.,Good cigar i recomend it. Lighter cigar
Gurkha Barracuda,2 out of 5,disapointed,"taste is pretty good, but very soft/loosely made, so a very fast smoke. Price was great but I wish I hadn't ordered two packs."
Gurkha Barracuda,5 out of 5,Gurkha,Great Cigars
Gurkha Barracuda,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Gurkha Barracuda,5 out of 5,i just love them,i just love them
Gurkha Barracuda,5 out of 5,Gurkha is back,I tried all the box press Gurkha and three perfectos they all were great box presses were rich in taste bold creamy hint of spice and mild to full The perfectos were bold hint of pepper mild and a very even burn for a perfecto
Gurkha Barracuda,5 out of 5,Excellent Smoke,"Gurkha quality all the way. Easy draw,lots of smoke. It is not quite the Centurian, but darn close. It will fill the void until the Centurian is back in stock, someday."
Gurkha Barracuda,1 out of 5,Not a Good Gurkha Representative,These are just not very good. I gave most of my order away and friends are giving them back due to the poor taste.
Gurkha Beast,4 out of 5,Good flavor. Good Burn.,Good flavor. Good Burn.
Gurkha Beast,5 out of 5,My Vegas Cigar,"This is a wonderful smoke! I love taking this cigar to Las Vegas because every time I smoke this cigar in Vegas, Everyone asks ""What are you smoking?"". Taste really good and the aroma is pleasing to even people who dislike cigars. A must for all cigar lovers!"
Gurkha Beast,5 out of 5,Nice,Nice
Gurkha Beast,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Clean burning a little strong but not bitter good all the way to the nub
Gurkha Beast,4 out of 5,Good cigars but not my,Good cigars but not my favorite........
Gurkha Beast,5 out of 5,Very good stick,"creamy smoke
Stays cool all the way down"
Gurkha Beast,5 out of 5,Full flavored bomb!,"Gurkha gets a lot of flak for their marketing antics, and a box certainly isn't worth $500. However I LOVE this cigar and would shell out $200 for a box no problem. Let me just say the beast is a flavor bomb, I cannot put the thing down. It is chocolatey, nutty, velvety sweet and has an amazing aroma. I burned through one of these puppies in an hour I was smoking it so fast, and since it's such a large ring gauge it smokes cool. My wife HATES non flavored cigars and even she liked the retro hale she got from it. CI has the beast in plenty of samplers, i highly recommend you try it, you won't be disappointed."
Gurkha Beast,5 out of 5,Gurkha Beast the Rougarou of Louisiana Swamp!,"""Beast"" aptly named, this stick is a beast of delight. Long even burn, satisfying taste. Smoked mine in the woods by the light of the moon and roaring campfire sipping on Jameson Irish whiskey. It just doesn't get any better than that."
Gurkha Beast,5 out of 5,A Great Smoke,awesome smoke from start to finish this was my introduction to Gurkha and i was very pleased the flavor lasted the complete smoke it burned well and was great for a nice cup of coffee and a quiet evening
Gurkha Beast,5 out of 5,Better buy the beast Gordon well worth the cost,Excellent cigar tastes just great none better k Hansotia you've bettered it again
Gurkha Beast,4 out of 5,One of my Favorite,Very pleasant smoke nice even burn
Gurkha Beast,5 out of 5,A great smoke,"I enjoy these. Great taste, lots of smoke, always consistent. Not as full as other full cigars. Nevertheless, I only buy these on sale as I think Gurkhas are generally way overpriced."
Gurkha Beast,3 out of 5,Very tight draw,Very tight draw
Gurkha Beast,5 out of 5,Gr8 Cigar,"I love the Beast, a nice smoke 👍🏾"
Gurkha Beast,5 out of 5,Gurhka beast,Great cigar!
Gurkha Beast,1 out of 5,Not a good showing,Got this cigar part of a sample pack. Terrible contruction with very loose filler. Wrapper disintegrated after cutting making the cigar unravel. Took only a couple puffs before I put it down and went to something better. Rule of thumb life is to short to smoke a bad cigar. Love other labels from Gurka will stick with those.
Gurkha Beast,5 out of 5,The Beast,"The Beast give it's name a real homage... Big ,rugged, full flavored and smooth"
Gurkha Beast,4 out of 5,Good taste nice and mild,Good taste nice and mild
Gurkha Beast,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"One of my favorites! Good draw, great flavor!"
Gurkha Beast,4 out of 5,Nice smoke,Nice smoke
Gurkha Beast,4 out of 5,Nice Cigar,This has a good burn to it. If ya have time to relax I recommend you kick back and try one. Grab a seat somewhere and enjoy the serenity.
Gurkha Beast,5 out of 5,A Tamed Beast!,Gurkha makes an awfully good cigar !!
Gurkha Beast,3 out of 5,Just ok,Just ok
Gurkha Beast,5 out of 5,Good cigar,"Good draw, good taste and betterburn"
Gurkha Beast,4 out of 5,Better than I expected,"I don’t normally smoke Gurkha. I received five Beasts as part of a sampler. I was pleasantly surprised with these sticks. They had a nice, even burn and a nice aroma."
Gurkha Beast,5 out of 5,Beast exceptional,wonderfully nuanced taste and surprising mild for full body cigar no bite -a great buy
Gurkha Beast,4 out of 5,Smooth and Consistent,Smooth and Consistent
Gurkha Beast,5 out of 5,Excellent !,This was first time I tried this cigar. I really liked it a lot. I will probably consider these in the future.
Gurkha Beast,4 out of 5,Good stick!,Good stick! Smokes well and has great flavor.
Gurkha Beast,5 out of 5,One of my favorites!,"This is one great cigar if you want to spend over an hour enjoying a great smoke. The draw is always even and the taste is always consistent, right up to the last third, when it becomes very harsh, but that takes over an hour to get to this point, when I am usually ready to move on anyway."
Gurkha Beast,5 out of 5,good cigar good burn time,good cigar good burn time and smooth draw.
Gurkha Beast,2 out of 5,Cigar International is the Best,I was lucky enough to order this cigar through the Motherlode Sampler and compared to the other cigars I ordered and a Gurkha that I had ordered yrs before this cigar did not match up. It was lightweight & soft by comparison and did not burn as evenly and did not match the Gurkha that is locked in my memory.
Gurkha Beast,4 out of 5,this beast has plenty of beauty,"I love this cigar. Period - stop the review.... It is a great cigar that tastes great, feels great in the hand, looks great and throws off a ton of white smoke and gray ash. I have always wondered why this smoke doesnt cost 2 or 3 times more - but hey lets just hope no one catches on but us!!!"
Gurkha Beast,5 out of 5,Great taste.,Great taste with a great price.
Gurkha Beast,5 out of 5,GURKHA Beast,Absolutely one of my go to favorites.....
Gurkha Beast,5 out of 5,Gurkha,"Nice smooth smoke, not a BIG cigar smoker but these were an exception, Thanks CI"
Gurkha Beast,4 out of 5,Long,Really like this cigar... do they have them a little shorter ? Thanks
Gurkha Beast,3 out of 5,"Great Taste, Horrible Workmanship","The taste of this ""beast"" is great, the size is just right. The only problem is the cigar falls apart, bursts its seams on a regular basis. Not all, for sure, but enough. For the price, I would expect a higher level of workmanship."
Gurkha Beast,4 out of 5,The Beast,I like Ghurka cigars. Only issue is that they tend to burn unevenly. All else is fine.
Gurkha Beast,5 out of 5,Gurkha Beast,In my top 3 favorite cigars of all time. It was what I expected in the Gurkha blend.
Gurkha Beast,5 out of 5,My favorite smoke,"Great smoke, been smoking these for years."
Gurkha Beast,5 out of 5,Gurkha beast,"Very good
Smoke just as I remembered it from
Last time I smoked it"
Gurkha Beast,5 out of 5,Excellent cigars.,"I enjoy these sticks from Gurkha. They are similar to Gurkha Titan, rich smoke with great flavor. They are constructed well but a little loose so they tend to burn hotter and faster than I like, but make up for it in flavor. I have to recommend."
Gurkha Beast,5 out of 5,Great,Great smoke with excellent draw and flavor
Gurkha Beast,5 out of 5,Birdie stogie,This cigar is definitely a beast smoke it on the golf course all the time Rich tasty cigar
Gurkha Beast,5 out of 5,"good cigar, you sent me","good cigar, you sent me a fresh batch that needs to be aged for a few months in humidor. Not good for me."
Gurkha Beast,3 out of 5,The Beast,A rating of 3 stars is probably harsh. But I’ve been waiting a long time to get a deal on these and when I saw the sale I bought em. Some of the wrappers were torn when I received them. The roll was very loose. I think they tried to make a 58 ring gauge out of a 50 ring gauge cigar. It’s a sloppy smoke. The flavors are consistent with what I remember. But it burns fast and just isn’t as enjoyable as the last batch I received. I doubt I will buy these again.
Gurkha Beast,5 out of 5,Very nice and smooth,Very nice and smooth
Gurkha Beast,5 out of 5,Very mild smoke and great,Very mild smoke and great taste
Gurkha Beast,5 out of 5,Great buy consistant burn,Great buy. Big fan of Beasts and Beuties
Gurkha Beauty,5 out of 5,PRICEY BUT GREAT SMOKE,PRICEY BUT GREAT SMOKE
Gurkha Beauty,5 out of 5,Gurkha Beauty Beauty,"A very smooth and mild cigar, this is my go to!"
Gurkha Beauty,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"I first tried a gurkha beauty as part of a sampler that I received, and thoroughly enjoyed it. Great smoking, well rounded, but light flavored cigar. Doesn't burn too fast, or too slow. Now it is one of my go-to's to keep around in my humidor."
Gurkha Beauty,5 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth
Gurkha Beauty,5 out of 5,More of the Same,just a nice once a day cigar
Gurkha Beauty,4 out of 5,Good smoke. I load up,Good smoke. I load up when they’re on sale.
Gurkha Beauty,4 out of 5,Some inconsistencies,The first few were absolutely wonderful so I ordered more and the draw was so tight I couldn’t smoke them. The ones that draw easily are sensational!
Gurkha Beauty,5 out of 5,Great cigar!!,Great cigar!!
Gurkha Beauty,5 out of 5,Very good,"I have purchased these for years, as an excellent mild smoke for the price, consistent and well-made."
Gurkha Beauty,4 out of 5,The 'SAVING GRACE STOGIE'!,"Having only smoked, say, TWO other Gurkhas in my life (neither of which I really cared for) my expectations for this 60 gage (I believe) when I received it in a cheaper 'grab-bag' sampler were less than high to say the least.
BOOT am I glad to report that this little BIG stogie changed my opinion of the Gurkha brand for good!
While it's definitely a milder, Connecticut wrapped stick, it does NOT lack in the flavor department!
Creamy, nutty, hints of wood (Cedar??) and a really smooth draw along with a pretty sharp burn sure changed my mind QUICK regarding this brand.
I went into smoking this with the mindset that '3- strikes and your OUT' for Gurkha but I am SURE GLAD this one came in CLUTCH! How many more delicious cigars do they make? Which one will I try next? Only time will tell. In these days of uncertainty (Covid-19) there's ONE THING I'm sure of: I'll be checking out some more of this brand in the future."
Gurkha Beauty,5 out of 5,Beautiful Beaty,"This is a great cigar. It's on my top five list with Davidoff, Cohiba, Ashton and Montecristo."
Gurkha Beauty,5 out of 5,Seriously!,"Aptly named. Smooth draw. Rich, complex and mellow. Always have a few of these in my stash. And I don't let my friends see them!"
Gurkha Beauty,5 out of 5,One of the smoothest cigar,One of the smoothest cigar you can smoke. Easy draw
Gurkha Beauty,5 out of 5,A Mild Side...,"This Gurkha Beauty with a Connecticut wrapper is an ideal ""Walk on the Mild"" side. To begin with it has a nice draw and even burn. Razor Sharp! This cigar has a classic Connecticut taste on the palate. Creamy & comforting with tastes of caramel and nutmeg; a perfect match with a ""white-shaded"" stick. Just like nutmeg pairs well with a classic white sauce. Considering the fact that smoking involves pretty much ALL taste; it's hard not to compare the two... I always want at least one Connecticut in my day to help balance-out my much beloved maduros. These sticks are reasonably priced, easily available by Gurkha and typically found in many of the samplers here at CI. With out the sampler packages there would be many untried cigars here at CI. Enjoy this smoke in a convenient 5-pk. or in a sampler. You'll see what the big deal of the Gurkha Beauty is all about! Enjoy, LeRoy L."
Gurkha Beauty,5 out of 5,You gotta buy these,I love these cigars
Gurkha Beauty,5 out of 5,Great cogsrs,"Your best deal
Need more of them"
Gurkha Beauty,5 out of 5,It’s a beauty,Smooth with a great draw. Finger burning good.
Gurkha Beauty,4 out of 5,Good smoke / mild,Good smoke for a beginner. I enjoyed it and will keep a few on hand. My friends wanted something mild and this was perfect for them.
Gurkha Beauty,3 out of 5,They were rolled too loose,They were rolled too loose and burnt down the middle . It was a choir to keep them from burning down the center
Gurkha Beauty,5 out of 5,Gurkha Beauty,Great mild cigar with lots of flavor. This is my favorite cigar.
Gurkha Beauty,3 out of 5,It’s Nice,It’s a nice cigar to kickback with. I’ll say mostly one that I’ll have after eating dinner. It’s not too much and it’s definitely not overwhelming to the point of a relight that’s bad if I have to put it down for the night and start again later.
Gurkha Beauty,5 out of 5,Great smokes,"This is a great tasting cigar, very smooth."
Gurkha Beauty,5 out of 5,Hands Down Favorite,This cigar is my all time favorite! I enjoy others but keep coming back to the Beauty. Smooth Flavorful with a great draw.
Gurkha Beauty,5 out of 5,5 STARS,Only Gurkha I've ever enjoyed
Gurkha Beauty,4 out of 5,The Gurkha has new complexities for a mellow cigar smoker,"I'm rating this as a mellow cigar smoker. The Gurkha has new complexities for a mellow cigar smoker. There is a very sloght bitterness on the smoke. The slower your smoke, the more mellow the stick is. If you draw a lot, it is much more bitter. It's a great cigar for those who want a step up, but it's also a good cigar to learn how to light your cigar correctly and draw slowly."
Gurkha Beauty,5 out of 5,A great cigar,"Mild, even burn and no bite. My buds and I really enjoyed them and I would recommend them to anyone. Nothing like a vintage wine, good conversation and an enjoyable smoke. Cheers"
Gurkha Beauty,5 out of 5,Go to cigar,Really nice smoke
Gurkha Beauty,5 out of 5,Great cigar in all respects,Very enjoyable cigar in all respects
Gurkha Beauty,5 out of 5,CIGAR A DAY,One fine stick. will order again and again
Gurkha Beauty,4 out of 5,great cigar for the post,great cigar for the post wedding celebration!
Gurkha Beauty,3 out of 5,Not such a beauty,"Mild. Good for the yard, car or knock around. Buy on sale"
Gurkha Beauty,5 out of 5,Mild and delicious,Always a great smoke.
Gurkha Beauty,5 out of 5,Beauty,In my opinion this is one of the best I have ever had the chance to smoke.
Gurkha Beauty,4 out of 5,How to relax.,Very good! Mild with an easy draw. Nothing like sitting on the boat fishing smoking a good cigar.
Gurkha Beauty,5 out of 5,First time buyer,"Great cigar at a very good price. Service was impeccable. I'll be back!
KL"
Gurkha Beauty,5 out of 5,Good smoke,As always nice mellow easy smoking cigar.
Gurkha Beauty,5 out of 5,Great value,"Great gars, nice ring siZe, burns even and smooth.... better after sitting in humidor for couple weeks....all good.👍"
Gurkha Beauty,5 out of 5,Gurkha beauty,My favorite cigar. Nice and mild.
Gurkha Beauty,5 out of 5,Beauty,"This is a great go to cigar, especially in the early morning. I smoke 1 on each 9 while golfing. Slow burning and always a solid roll make this ideal for setting them down frequently to drive, chip and putt. They don't fall apart like some others do. Very enjoyable because they burn slow and stay lit all through the breaks."
Gurkha Beauty,5 out of 5,AWESOME!!!,If you like a mild cigar with a lot of taste and nuance this is the cigar for you!!!
Gurkha Beauty,5 out of 5,"Very nice blend, easy to","Very nice blend, easy to enjoy smoking experience(have had them on other occasions."
Gurkha Beauty,5 out of 5,Gurkha Beauty are SMOOOOTTHHH!!!!,"I love this cigar because oF taste, burned evenly to end, didn't fall apart, nor have to keep relight in will I buy again most definitely but I notice their hard to find in stock so I'm not the only one who loves them!"
Gurkha Beauty,5 out of 5,Great cigar nice and smooth,Great cigar nice and smooth
Gurkha Beauty,5 out of 5,Gurka,They really are beautiful
Gurkha Beauty,5 out of 5,Rare Beauty,"It’s unusual to find a mild Connecticut that deserves to be labeled as complex, but this one does. True beauty is sublime. So is this cigar."
Gurkha Beauty,2 out of 5,no es de mi agrado,No tiene una buena construccion y no aporta una experiencia como lo esperaba
Gurkha Beauty,1 out of 5,Pass,Absolutely didn't like them. I must have got a bad 5 pack. They all tasted like i was smoking dirt.
Gurkha Beauty,5 out of 5,A little different,"It wasn't what I expected @ 1st, but it just takes a little time for all the flavors to come together I guess. Not a Fav of mine"
Gurkha Beauty,5 out of 5,"First Gurkha, loved them!","Great cigar!! Even burn, wonderful draw & flavor!!"
Gurkha Beauty,5 out of 5,Good everyday smoke,"Good price, fresh, burns well."
Gurkha Black Dragon,5 out of 5,Shaun,First time with this brand of cigars for me. Enjoyed these cigars and ready for more.
Gurkha Black Dragon,4 out of 5,Good Stick,Good smoke. Occasional wrapper issues.
Gurkha Black Dragon,5 out of 5,Excellent,"Let them sit in your humidor!!! These big dark cigars will take no less than 45-60 days in there to get back to smokable after ground shipping. I can't stand people giving poor reviews because they take them out of the box and POP them in thier mouth, smoke machine mades for pete sake. Rant over and on to the Black Dragon, it is very rich and creamy with nice notes leather and earth. Sweet spices on the finish that last until the next puff making the experience very enjoyable. If you tried the Black Dragon and enjoyed it, I recommend giving the Regent a try as well."
Gurkha Black Dragon,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar!!!,"Excellent Gurkha selection. Medium to full bodied cigar loaded with flavor and a rich creamy smoke. By far, one of the best cigars I have ever smoked. Pair it with a good bourbon or scotch. You won’t be disappointed!!!"
Gurkha Black Dragon,5 out of 5,Nice smoke,"MED-BOLD flavor. Perfect burn start to finish. Earthy, sweet, and a little spice. Sits well on the tongue. Can’t wait to smoke another!"
Gurkha Black Dragon,5 out of 5,Wow factor,This is a really good smoke. It is smooth and stayed smooth from start to finish.
Gurkha Black Dragon,4 out of 5,Gurkha Black Dragon,A great cigar at a great price!
Gurkha Black Dragon,1 out of 5,"It's a ""Drag"" alright","I'm sorry to say that the ""Dragon"" in the Black Dragon really stood out in this 5-pack. It smoked excessively at rest but did not draw well at all. When I was able to get some smoke in my mouth it was mellow but not medium to full bodied. I don't write reviews but the poorer quality of this cigar made me do it. Rolled very well but a poor smoke in my humble opinion."
Gurkha Black Dragon,5 out of 5,Gurkhaaaa,Super smoke!
Gurkha Black Dragon,5 out of 5,Gurkhaaaa,Excellent smoke!
Gurkha Black Dragon,4 out of 5,Cigars,They were ok. Good draw with a peppery flavor that stays consistent through the entire smoke. Well crafted cigar.
Gurkha Black Dragon,1 out of 5,not good way too strong,not good way too strong
Gurkha Black Dragon,3 out of 5,Black Dragon,"Let them sit in your humidor at least a month. They are probably ok after that. Otherwise, for me it’s a no."
Gurkha Black Dragon,5 out of 5,Gurkha Black Dragon Imperial Presidente,Nice smooth smoke. Good even burn. 1st time trying them and will definitely buy again
Gurkha Black Dragon,5 out of 5,Gurka every day cigar,"I'll buy them again, good smoke for every day."
Gurkha Black Dragon,5 out of 5,Really Good,"Really good smoke. Nice dark Maduro, burns well, plenty of smoke with a nice draw and finishes well. I'll watch for another sale.A CI competitor however sells an over run model of this stick at a far better price."
Gurkha Black Dragon,4 out of 5,Gurkha,"Good smoke, even burn"
Gurkha Black Dragon,4 out of 5,"They were good, good taste","They were good, good taste and they drew well."
Gurkha Black Dragon,4 out of 5,Bold and Full bodied,The cigar was very bold and full bodied w a rich flavor and smooth burn. First time smoked. I’d definitely order them again.
Gurkha Black Dragon,3 out of 5,Gurkha,"Light smoke. Nothing heavy about it, which seems redundant until you start to smoke one"
Gurkha Black Dragon,3 out of 5,Nice,Nice
Gurkha Black Dragon,4 out of 5,Nice,First third very smooth for a dark cigar. Burns week and even. Would recommend.
Gurkha Black Dragon,5 out of 5,Gurkha Black Dragon,A wonderful cigar with a smooth burn and light on your pallet. Will order more.
Gurkha Black Dragon,4 out of 5,"The bottom line, enjoyed it.","Admittedly, I don't have much experience with Gurkhas. My observation is that it makes a TON of smoke out of the lit end, and only a moderate amount in the mouth. The flavor was excellent, but the constant drama of campfire smoke, and having to two-puff to get what I wanted, left me with a large cigar disappearing in less than an hour. Can't argue with the taste though, and I just ordered a sampler pack of 35 assorted Gurkhas."
Gurkha Black Dragon,2 out of 5,great until the wrapper unravels,"Thought it was just a fluke when the first one I smoked unraveled half way through, but the same thing happened the next two I smoked. Can't rate them too high when the construction is so poor....."
Gurkha Black Dragon,5 out of 5,"These were excellent, quite a","These were excellent, quite a remarkable amount of flavor. They burn very well and I recommend them to anyone who likes a full cigar."
Gurkha Black Dragon,5 out of 5,Girkha black,Beautiful beautiful smoke really enjoy the black dragon
Gurkha Black Dragon,5 out of 5,Best of the Best,Favorite cigar period.
Gurkha Black Dragon,4 out of 5,All but one,The first one I tried the day after I received them. It unwrapped and fell apart. Ive smoked two since then and they were great. Thanks
Gurkha Black Dragon,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"I bought this as part of a sample pack. This is a great cigar and my favourite of the sample pack. I would highly recommend to anyone who likes a medium to full bodied smoke. Each cigar was very well made, tasted great and burned evenly. I will be ordering more of these babies!"
Gurkha Black Dragon,5 out of 5,Gurkha Black Dragon Cigar,To be short and to the point; I love them and will be purchasing more in the future.
Gurkha Black Dragon,5 out of 5,Excellent sticks! They are very,"Excellent sticks! They are very strong, intricate, full bodied smoke."
Gurkha Black Dragon,4 out of 5,Easy smoke,Burns great taste great smooth flavor
Gurkha Black Dragon,5 out of 5,GREAT SMOKE,Smoking this cigar was a wonderful experience.
Gurkha Black Dragon,3 out of 5,Burns unevenly. Outer wrapper unravels,Burns unevenly. Outer wrapper unravels easily.
Gurkha Black Dragon,5 out of 5,Nice cigar for the money.,"good smoke, bought as part of a sampler. Easy draw and good flavor."
Gurkha Black Dragon,5 out of 5,Smooth with a nice kick,Smooth with a nice kick to it
Gurkha Black Dragon,1 out of 5,Great price Quality not so good,Your prices are great. However the quality of the cigars I got was not so good some cracked some falling apart
Gurkha Black Dragon,5 out of 5,Great,Great cigar
Gurkha Black Dragon,4 out of 5,Great flavor and stays lit.,Great flavor and stays lit. Very enjoyable. I will buy more in future.
Gurkha Black Dragon,5 out of 5,I loved these definitely want,I loved these definitely want some more
Gurkha Black Dragon,5 out of 5,great cigar and a great,great cigar and a great price
Gurkha Black Dragon,5 out of 5,Very nice,Very nice
Gurkha Black Dragon,5 out of 5,Imperial for sure,Gurkha.... Cream of the crop.
Gurkha Black Dragon,5 out of 5,King of the hill,Gurkha..... The best
Gurkha Black Dragon,4 out of 5,Superb BIG Cigar !!!,Miles and Miles ahead of Ghurka's I've had in the past. This 7 X 56 Black Dragon had a stunningly pleasant taste & aroma. The draw was as close to Dead Perfect as one could expect. Plan ahead when you are going to smoke one of these as you'll spend more time than you'd ever dream finishing one ! ! ! I bought these as a ' 20 pack ' and they arrived as 4 packs of 5 each. I'm NOT so negative on Ghurka's anymore !! !!
Gurkha Black Dragon,5 out of 5,Great Cigars,Really enjoyed the smokes. Very consistent. Easy draw. Even burning. Could you put these on sale again?
Gurkha Black Dragon,4 out of 5,Very good smoke.,"My first Gurkha, I was surprised at how good it taste. It burned well, was well made, very tasty."
Gurkha Black Dragon,5 out of 5,Awesome!!,I love CI and some of the deals offered. This was one of them. O would love to see more free shipping tho. I know I would purchase more if free shipping was offered to PA. residents.
Gurkha Black Dragon,3 out of 5,Dragon Presidente,Disappointed with this stick. I have had in the torpedo size & it was a much better smoke.Not recommended
Gurkha Black Ops Berserker,4 out of 5,Great cigars,Reason why 4 stars and not 5 is because I found one out of the 10 pack was too packed and the draw was tight but the rest were perfect great flavor excellent cigars
Gurkha Black Ops Berserker,5 out of 5,Gurkha Black Ops Berserker,What can you say? It is a good smoke cigar to smoke.
Gurkha Black Ops Berserker,5 out of 5,Just what I wanted plus extras,Mine didn't come with a fixed knife but a black folder. It's a heavy duty knife (7 oz) with a glass breaker. I like it a lot actually. The humidor is awesome and the cigars are pretty good too.
Gurkha Black Ops Berserker,4 out of 5,Good Gurkha,The Berserker is one of the better Ghurkha cigars. It is smooth and cool with just a hint of pepper. Burned slow and cool just a tiny bit uneven but no touch ups needed. I find it fairly mild due to the silky texture of smoke. Tasty toasty nutty with spice. A very good cigar.
Gurkha Black Ops Berserker,5 out of 5,Great,Nice draw and great taste to very end
Gurkha Black Ops Berserker,5 out of 5,Like recieving a christmas present,The kit was like opening a christmas gift. The knife is huge bigger thann expected but still beautiful and love the herf that came with and the plate too. The cigars draw so smooth and have a chocolate taste might pair it with a cup of hot chocolate later. Great cigar definatly will keep some in my humidor
Gurkha Black Ops Berserker,4 out of 5,Gurkha Black Ops Berserker,Nice flavor! Very smooth. A couple of the cigars were wrapped to tight I couldn't draw/smoke them. Love the kit it all came with. The knife that came with the kit is well balanced and sold steal.
Gurkha Black Ops Berserker,5 out of 5,Gurkha Black Ops with travel humidor,The Black Ops maduro cigars are excellent with dark roast coffee. I can puff on one of these for an hour and enjoy the dark bold flavor all the way down to about two fingers width left. The travel humidor performs well keeping my sticks fresh and perfect. The Gurkha knife was an awesome bonus and addition to my knife collection. Overall an incredible deal and i am very happy with it.
Gurkha Black Ops Berserker,4 out of 5,An amazing deal,So I thoguht this would be a gimmick. However this kit is well worth the price. The Cigars are a fine medium body blend. They are very nice and I would expect to pay about this much for just a 20 pack of these just in plastic. However you get the extras which makes this an amazing deal. The knife is heavy and a real beauty. The plate is very thick and will wear for years. Then the heffidor was even better. It even accepts a disk humidity unit and comes with one.
Gurkha Black Ops Berserker,4 out of 5,Gurkha Black Ops Berserker,"Everything one expects from Gurkha: excellent construction.great draw,and a perfect burn. This cigar is an absolute pepper bomb. I’ll buy again."
Gurkha Black Ops Berserker,4 out of 5,Nice smoke. I would buy,Nice smoke. I would buy them again
Gurkha Black Ops Berserker,5 out of 5,Good smoke at a good price.,I like the bigger ring gauge cigars but these cigars in a smaller ring gauge have great flavor. Good price also.
Gurkha Black Ops Berserker,5 out of 5,Service,Great service
Gurkha Black Ops Berserker,5 out of 5,"Gurkha Black Ops Berserker,",Nice cigar enjoyed them. Would buy again.
Gurkha Black Ops Berserker,4 out of 5,Enjoyed these cigars.,I really enjoyed these cigars. My only criticism would be the size of the band - it's huge and sometimes difficult to take off. Other than that I liked the sticks.
Gurkha Black Ops Berserker,5 out of 5,smooth,"GREAT taste, smooth smoke"
Gurkha Black Ops Berserker,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,"Wanted to try these for a long time and was not dissappointed, definitely will buy these again"
Gurkha Black Ops Berserker,2 out of 5,Not the biggest fan,"I usually enjoy Gurkha cigars, but this one was harsh and bitter on the front end, and rather bland and tasteless on the finish. I'd avoid it."
Gurkha Black Ops Berserker,1 out of 5,Sampler review,Not a good smoke. Burn uneven and hard to drag.
Gurkha Black Ops Berserker,4 out of 5,Strong but good,Strong but good
Gurkha Black Ops Berserker,1 out of 5,Disappointed,This line of the black ops was very disappointing. Have had the others and LOVED them. This one was was very harsh and burnt uneven.
Gurkha Black Ops Berserker,4 out of 5,It's a Gurkha Berserka,"Okay, so probably not a great idea to rhyme in a review. But these sticks are tasty and well constructed."
Gurkha Black Ops Berserker,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,"Well bodied flavor, nice burn, and solid ash. Well worth giving them a try."
Gurkha Black Ops Berserker,4 out of 5,Great value,"Four of the five I’ve smoked were very good - with great draw, flavor, and an even burn. Gurkha almost never disappoints, and this one is no exception."
Gurkha Black Ops Berserker,4 out of 5,3.5,They have a fairly strong and spicy flavor. Good burn with little after taste. I will enjoy them all.
Gurkha Black Ops Berserker,4 out of 5,Surprisingly Good.,I am happy that I tried them. I was very surprised at how good they are.
Gurkha Black Ops Berserker,5 out of 5,Good Cigar,"I got these for my son who prefers a little bit smaller and milder smoke than what I like. I really like these but I do prefer the Black Ops Rubicon (a larger, torpedo). Black Ops is a great blend from Gurkha."
Gurkha Black Ops Berserker,4 out of 5,beserker,"not a bad stick, though it has a tendency to canoe. overall a good smoke"
Gurkha Black Ops Berserker,4 out of 5,Cigar,Good daily smoke
Gurkha Black Ops Berserker,5 out of 5,Great Deal!,"I travel a lot, so the travel humidor is a big bonus for me. As for the Cigars, they are a very nice blend of rich flavor. Definitely will buy again as well as some of the other blends."
Gurkha Black Ops Berserker,5 out of 5,CI and K. Hansotia do it again!,"This is the second batch of Berserkers I've picked up, and they NEVER fail to satisfy. They're delicious from the start to finish. I've shared these with friends, and they do nothing but sing praises about them. The travel humidor is incredible, and while it seems a bit unorthodox to use it in such a manner, it makes a fantastic storage vessel for things like night vision optics. Black Ops is, and has been since I order the first bundle my ""go to"" cigar."
Gurkha Black Ops Berserker,5 out of 5,Go Berserk,"This cigar has become my go to daily smoke. Bold, smooth and flavorful. A true Viking in the cigar world."
Gurkha Black Ops Berserker,5 out of 5,Gurka,Full bodied unusual taste. Good blend.
Gurkha Black Ops Berserker,5 out of 5,Cigar kit,I am very happy with what I ordered and the amount of time it took to get here to me. Everyone that I showed it to really like it and the cigars that I gave them
Gurkha Black Ops Berserker,2 out of 5,Smoked a few,They are a bit on the strong side.
Gurkha Black Ops Berserker,3 out of 5,Berserker,Not bad cigar pretty disappointed with the knife situation I was hoping to get the 5x2” knife just like it said in the advertisement but I got the cheaper knife that is supposed to go with the rubicon package it says knife color may vary but it says that you get the 5x2”” blade with the package and that is not what I got so other than that the rest was good
Gurkha Black Ops Berserker,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Gurkha Black Ops Berserker,4 out of 5,Good not great,"Good cigar, not a great cigar. I was expecting this cigar to have more punch. It was just so so in flavor."
Gurkha Black Ops Berserker,5 out of 5,Good deal,This is the second time I've ordered the Black Ops Berserker package . Everyone I've shared this with enjoyed them . As I've stated this is the second package the first was sent to a buddy on deployment . Support the troops cigars4warriors
Gurkha Black Ops Berserker,5 out of 5,Going Berserker Man!!!,"Whole package is awesome. License plate is high quality, knife is legit, cigars are a great smoke, the travel humidor is great, only thing missing on it is a hygrometer, but picked one up for a few bucks. Definitely will pick some more up, gave a few to some friends and now they keep asking for more. Just purchased some other items, waiting to get them, I’m sure they’ll be great, keep up the inventory and good work."
Gurkha Black Ops Berserker,5 out of 5,Excellent,"Great Cigar good even smoke, lots of flavor. Will buy again."
Gurkha Black Ops Berserker,5 out of 5,Great flavor,Great flavor
Gurkha Black Ops Berserker,5 out of 5,Great bundle,"I had ordered the berserker bundle for the humidor mainly, and I was extremely surprised with the quality of all the items. The cigars are very good for the price and everything else is just a bonus. I am very satisfied with my purchase."
Gurkha Black Ops Berserker,4 out of 5,Decent Sticks,"This cigar keeps me coming back. With a slow burn, notes of pepper and dark chocolate keep this cigar interesting to the pallet and at a price that can't be beat, Gurkha Berserker have become my daily smoke."
Gurkha Black Ops Berserker,2 out of 5,Very bitter smoke.,Very bitter smoke.
Gurkha Black Ops Berserker,3 out of 5,Isidro Lopez,Cigar has good flavor but does not burn well and burns hot
Gurkha Black Ops Berserker,5 out of 5,Best Gurkha ever,"I think this is the best Gurkha cigar that I've ever had. I smoked a lot of ""The Beast"" and loved them, but this cigar is much better. Even more flavors then anything from Gurkha's other cigars."
Gurkha Black Ops Berserker,5 out of 5,Amazing smoke! Burns incredibl even.,Amazing smoke! Burns incredibl even. An extremely enjoyable cigar.
Gurkha Black Ops Berserker,5 out of 5,Gurkha Review,Fair cigar after half way through.
Gurkha Black Ops Berserker,5 out of 5,Great!,"Good smoke, smooth yet robust"
Gurkha Black Ops Connecticut,5 out of 5,Excellent Purchase.,Great cigar and outstanding price!
Gurkha Black Ops Connecticut,4 out of 5,Cheesy headband - Great Cigar,I love these cigars. They are smooth but have enough strength to be interesting. They’re too good for any activity that draws your attention away from the Cigar.
Gurkha Black Ops Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great cigar. Lived up to,Great cigar. Lived up to the Gurkha reputation
Gurkha Black Ops Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"As the title states, a great cigar and a great price as well as great customer service a fast shipping. Outstanding!"
Gurkha Black Ops Connecticut,5 out of 5,Smooth and taste great.,Smooth and taste great.
Gurkha Black Ops Connecticut,5 out of 5,Well built and consistently excellent,"Very enjoyable smoke, mild to medium."
Gurkha Black Ops Connecticut,5 out of 5,Gurkha Black Ops Connecticut Robusto,"Have not had a bad smoke yet from Gurkha. Great taste and burns even, no runners, the draw is very nice."
Gurkha Black Ops Connecticut,5 out of 5,Black Opps,"Love the taste and flavor. It was time to try something new, but I will reorder this brand."
Gurkha Black Ops Connecticut,4 out of 5,"Good draw,","Good draw,"
Gurkha Black Ops Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good flavor and draws well,Fair price for the product.
Gurkha Black Ops Connecticut,5 out of 5,Really Good.,Very good cigar. Well worth the money.
Gurkha Black Ops Connecticut,5 out of 5,Excellent,Easy ordering and quick delivery!
Gurkha Black Ops Connecticut,5 out of 5,Black opps,I have been keeping these in my regular rotation since they first hit the C.I. pages. Never a disappointment!
Gurkha Black Ops Connecticut,4 out of 5,It will grow on you.,My first one was eh. However my second paired with a glass of bourbon was very enjoyable. Even burn with good draw on both. This is a nice stick if you have less than an hour.
Gurkha Black Ops Connecticut,5 out of 5,Uniquely Scrumptious,"After my first gonwuth this cigar, I wasn’t sold. Then after a few more, I increasingly enjoyed the flavors of earth and hay. The Connecticut is my favorite option. Go Gurkha!"
Gurkha Black Ops Connecticut,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke!,I buy these regularly and have yet to have a bad one. A very enjoyable smoke every time.
Gurkha Black Ops Connecticut,5 out of 5,Gurkha Black Ops,"Over the several years since I discovered these, they have become my favorite go-to cigar. Great flavor, good draw, good even burn. And these Churchills provide well over an hour of smoking pleasure. Also really like the packaging of the mazos. CI delivers them fast and fresh!! Thank you"
Gurkha Black Ops Connecticut,3 out of 5,Black Ops cigars,They are just okay.
Gurkha Black Ops Connecticut,3 out of 5,OK Smoke,Not great. Not bad. OK smoke for the money
Gurkha Black Ops Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great smoke for the price.,"Smooth, easy to smoke cigar. Pretty good construction with a great draw, and nice creamy clouds of smokes. Great smoke for the price. Can be enjoyed and handed out, without too much worry on price. Nice cigar."
Gurkha Black Ops Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great smoke,This little guy is so smooth and easy to smoke all the way to the nub. Highly recommended for those that like a mild cigar. Great flavor and I even had some good comments on the aroma. Will get some more for sure.
Gurkha Black Ops Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great daily smoke,This is a great cigar for my drive to work with a cup of coffee and for when I'm cutting the lawn. What a great birthday present from the mrs. I would recommend them to anyone.
Gurkha Black Ops Connecticut,5 out of 5,Has everything covered,"Like military Black Ops it has everything covered. Smooth, tons of flavor and burns even. Buy it!"
Gurkha Black Ops Connecticut,5 out of 5,Very consistent and a good,Very consistent and a good everyday cigar
Gurkha Black Ops Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
Gurkha Black Ops Connecticut,5 out of 5,Awesome,"Easy smoke, great taste"
Gurkha Black Ops Connecticut,4 out of 5,Gurkha Black Ops Connecticuts,A good mild to medium smoke. I enjoy them on the golf course. Burns evenly and very good construction. A nice purchase at this price. I will buy more.
Gurkha Black Ops Connecticut,5 out of 5,Black Ops Robusto,These were good quality at really good price. Will definitely order again!
Gurkha Black Ops Connecticut,5 out of 5,Nice,My husband really enjoys these
Gurkha Black Ops Connecticut,4 out of 5,good cigar for the money,Not as smooth as I had hoped
Gurkha Black Ops Connecticut,5 out of 5,How about a little help !,You should only use the initials CI for the company title using the word cigar in the company name shows up on the receipt and I get in trouble with my wife
Gurkha Black Ops Connecticut,5 out of 5,Smooth,"I great smoke with a light whiskey or coffee yes coffee
Since some of of cant drink at work"
Gurkha Black Ops Connecticut,3 out of 5,Good flavor first half,Good flavor on the first half but on some of the cigars the burn and the flavor was inconsistent on the second half .
Gurkha Black Ops Connecticut,5 out of 5,Black Ops - a stealthy winner!,"Mellow, slightly creamy, highly approachable smoke with a good hour+ burn time. For the price point, it's quality will sneak up on you!"
Gurkha Black Ops Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great Everyday Cigar,"This is a great cigar. Great construction, even burn and extremely tasteful at a great price. Will be a repeat purchase."
Gurkha Black Ops Connecticut,4 out of 5,Great Smoke,"Great smoke for the price. This cigar is not harsh it is flavorful, draws nice and burns evenly. I am on my second bundle. I will definitely continue to buy these as long as they are available."
Gurkha Black Ops Connecticut,5 out of 5,Girls Black Ops Toro,"Well first I didn’t receive the Toro (6x50) I received the Robusto, (5x52) I just when and checked my humidor. Measured and there definitely not the Toro(6x50). Respectfully I have had the opportunity to have one since receiving them. They are delightfully delicious easy on the pallet and the taste is outstanding. They have an easy draw nd stay well lit. You will reorder when I’m close to running out. I like having them in my humidor."
Gurkha Black Ops Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great value full of flavor,If you're looking for something mild to medium with a lot of flavor these will not disappoint you. Very good value in this price range.
Gurkha Black Ops Connecticut,5 out of 5,A good stick at a decent price,"A friend recommended Gurkha cigars to me a few years ago and while I have tried several different cigars by them, none of them have been as enjoyable as the Black Ops has. I find that the Black Ops is an even smoke from start to finish, even if relit after several hours."
Gurkha Black Ops Connecticut,3 out of 5,ok but not as smoth,ok but not as smoth as i like
Gurkha Black Ops Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good anytime smoke,Good anytime smoke
Gurkha Black Ops Connecticut,1 out of 5,Like cigarette,Small and tested like cigarettes
Gurkha Black Ops Connecticut,4 out of 5,Gurkha Black Ops Connecticut,I e honestly had 90% of the cigars available on the open market and for the money I have to admit this is angreat cigar. I personally feel that Gurkha has too many cigars out there but this particular line is of the best and most consistent itncomes in Connecticut and hanano wrapper I do however sometimes think the filling is close or the same but its always been a consistent smoke. Not too spicy no bad after taste and never hard long annoying stems
Gurkha Black Ops Connecticut,5 out of 5,Can't Go Wrong with Gurkha!,These Black Ops cigars are very tasty treat and they smoke very well! A very nice cigar and I really enjoy them.
Gurkha Black Ops Connecticut,5 out of 5,Very Good,Very good cigar. The Rubicon is better though.
Gurkha Black Ops Connecticut,5 out of 5,Inexpensive flavorful smoke,"good aftertaste,mellow tobacco,even burning.A really good smoke"
Gurkha Black Ops Connecticut,5 out of 5,Very good cigars great value,Very good cigars great value love the aroma
Gurkha Black Ops Connecticut,4 out of 5,Could Be Good,"I had these on a sampler a few months back, they were smooth and burned great. The first one out of this order had a real bite, almost harsh. So I put them away for a while, the cigars were in perfect condition, and should be fine when they rest."
Gurkha Black Ops Connecticut,4 out of 5,A nice consistent slow burn,A nice consistent slow burn
Gurkha Black Ops Connecticut,5 out of 5,Black Ops,"For the money it is a fine cigar that burns evenly and also has
great taste."
Gurkha Black Ops Habano,4 out of 5,Well worth the money,Smooth well made cigar. Can’t beat it for the price
Gurkha Black Ops Habano,5 out of 5,Shared cigars,Nicesmoirh robust flavor and easy burn. Enjoyed them with some great friends. Had some great times with these smokes. Thank you CI
Gurkha Black Ops Habano,5 out of 5,quality cigars at a great price,Nice mild smoke - great smoke at a great price
Gurkha Black Ops Habano,4 out of 5,Nice daily smoke,This is a great smoke for either mowing the lawn or sitting on the back porch with a whiskey. If you're looking for a quality smoke that won't break the bank the black ops is a keeper.
Gurkha Black Ops Habano,3 out of 5,excellent,very good
Gurkha Black Ops Habano,5 out of 5,very nice smooth smoke enjoy,very nice smooth smoke enjoy alot of the gurkha line
Gurkha Black Ops Habano,4 out of 5,A nice cigar enjoy them,A nice cigar enjoy them
Gurkha Black Ops Habano,4 out of 5,Nice,Premium stick for an amazing price!
Gurkha Black Ops Habano,5 out of 5,Definitely on my favorite list,This was my first purchase of this cigar but will not be my last. Perfectly balanced. Not even a small bit of bitter.
Gurkha Black Ops Habano,4 out of 5,Doggone GOOD !!!,"This batch of Churchill Black Ops tasted better than the ones I tried some time ago. They were rolled very well----- NO tough draw spots & the burn line was sufficiently straight. That full flavor I was looking for was There ! ! ! And they'
re priced to where an old Retired Cuss like Me can afford them !! !!"
Gurkha Black Ops Habano,4 out of 5,Gurkha Black Ops Robusto,"Nice medium bodied cigar, with all the hallmarks of Gurkha: great wrappers,solid construction, beautiful burn. Earthy with a touch of pepper and coffee. Bought them before will buy again"
Gurkha Black Ops Habano,5 out of 5,Black ops,Same service favorite cigars
Gurkha Black Ops Habano,5 out of 5,Very good,Very good
Gurkha Black Ops Habano,3 out of 5,So So Cigar,"Nothing to write home about. Very average, a little loosely packed and a slight harsh bite to the taste."
Gurkha Black Ops Habano,4 out of 5,gurka back ops,Good cigar for the price will buy again.
Gurkha Black Ops Habano,5 out of 5,Great smoke will made,Great smoke will made
Gurkha Black Ops Habano,5 out of 5,Amazingly perfect,consistent quality at a great price
Gurkha Black Ops Habano,4 out of 5,Tasty!,"Nice draw, tasty smoke. Only wish it lasted longer. Will buy again."
Gurkha Black Ops Habano,5 out of 5,gurcha,excellent
Gurkha Black Ops Habano,5 out of 5,Bang for the buck,All around good smoke for the price
Gurkha Black Ops Habano,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"slow burning, good flavor, priced right, love them"
Gurkha Black Ops Habano,5 out of 5,Great cigar for a great,Great cigar for a great price
Gurkha Black Ops Habano,5 out of 5,Just what the doctor didn’t order...,These could be quite addictive. Very good smoke.
Gurkha Black Ops Habano,5 out of 5,A very nice cigar.,"Very nice cigar, nice medium body, even burn and great aroma. I lounge in the evening with them and just relax. I do recommend these."
Gurkha Black Ops Habano,4 out of 5,Nice burning stick. Medium to,Nice burning stick. Medium to full body but not spicy.
Gurkha Black Ops Habano,4 out of 5,5 Vegas Classic Double Corona,"The 5 Vegas Classics were pretty good, but the Gurkha Black Ops were much better."
Gurkha Black Ops Habano,4 out of 5,I enjoyed them.,I enjoyed them.
Gurkha Black Ops Habano,4 out of 5,Good cigar.,Good cigar.
Gurkha Black Ops Habano,4 out of 5,Gurkha Black Ops,Good price & decent stogie for the cost
Gurkha Black Ops Habano,3 out of 5,Pretty dry,Smoked a few so far and they are pretty dry but smoke ok
Gurkha Black Ops Habano,5 out of 5,Agm,Absolutely delicious for a two dollar smoke! Would buy again!!!
Gurkha Black Ops Habano,5 out of 5,Gurkha,My go to cigar love them
Gurkha Black Ops Habano,5 out of 5,Black Ops,"A great cigar. Good, mild taste. Smooth burning with an easy draw."
Gurkha Black Ops Habano,4 out of 5,Love it,Great smoke
Gurkha Black Ops Habano,3 out of 5,It's good what you pay,It's good what you pay four
Gurkha Black Ops Habano,4 out of 5,Not bad,The longer they sit in the box the better they are. Not a bad smile burns pretty even good flavor.
Gurkha Black Ops Habano,4 out of 5,DIDN'T BURN LIKE THEY USED TO!,I WAS A BIT DISSAPOINTED FROM MY LAST BATCH TO THIS ONE. GURKHA HAS BEEN LETTING ME DOWN LATELY.
Gurkha Black Ops Habano,4 out of 5,very smooth....,very smooth....
Gurkha Black Ops Habano,5 out of 5,Top 3 favs,"Git some as a gift some years back. Dark, smooth, tasty and burn consistent."
Gurkha Black Ops Habano,5 out of 5,Right for the price,"Great smoke as always, I Love these"
Gurkha Black Ops Habano,4 out of 5,Very Good cigar. Especially for,Very Good cigar. Especially for the price.
Gurkha Black Ops Habano,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,"Good Flavor, Even Burn, at an affordable price"
Gurkha Black Ops Habano,5 out of 5,Smooth rich flavor,These are so smooth that I don't mind that they are a medium full bodied smoke (I normally smoke medium or slightly milder). Lots of flavor and burn well. If you like a smooth smoke full of flavor these will serve you well.
Gurkha Black Ops Habano,2 out of 5,Less than expected,"After the Rubicon, these are a let down"
Gurkha Black Ops Habano,5 out of 5,One of my absolute favorites,All wrapper versions are excellent. Pric
Gurkha Black Ops Habano,4 out of 5,GURKHA,"GOOD CIGAR, EASY SMOKE. GREAT VALUE!"
Gurkha Black Ops Habano,5 out of 5,great cigars,my go to cigar!
Gurkha Black Ops Habano,5 out of 5,very enjoyable smoke.,easy to light and easy to keep smoking without an uneven burn.
Gurkha Black Ops Habano,5 out of 5,Black Ops or should be called great deal Ops,Great cigar and you cant beat the price. I would never buy less then a 20 pack
Gurkha Black Ops Habano,4 out of 5,Great Flavor - irregular burn,Great Flavor - irregular burn
Gurkha Black Ops Maduro,5 out of 5,Impressed,"I've been eyeballing Black Ops for years now, never really sure if they were trying to cover up a lame cigar with a ""cool"" name and label. Not gonna lie...I really enjoy this Maduro. I was blown away by how much I enjoyed it given the price! Shared with a friend and he loved it too. Can definitely see myself buying more when I run out and very glad I pulled the trigger on this after so many years!"
Gurkha Black Ops Maduro,5 out of 5,Always a great smoke with,Always a great smoke with Black Ops.
Gurkha Black Ops Maduro,5 out of 5,"enjoy the smoke, like the","enjoy the smoke, like the whole gurkha line"
Gurkha Black Ops Maduro,3 out of 5,Ok but dry,"I usually get the Churchill and like them better
These were dry and not the same, but the churchhills were out or stock."
Gurkha Black Ops Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigars,Great cigars
Gurkha Black Ops Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Deal,Great cigar for the price and last for good hour.
Gurkha Black Ops Maduro,5 out of 5,Great,Great little cigars was surprised of the outcome
Gurkha Black Ops Maduro,5 out of 5,Nice Draw and smooth,Good value cigar
Gurkha Black Ops Maduro,4 out of 5,Solid Yard Gar,"Cannot beat the price for this yard gar. $2 per! Also nice to have on hand for the guest cigar smoker, they love the wrap and think they are getting a $10 stick. For real, last weekend my buddy (occasional smoker) picked this one out to try and I gave him my whole humi to choose! This is the smoke I choose when riding the tracker or working in garage."
Gurkha Black Ops Maduro,4 out of 5,One of the better Gurkhas,"So I run through the whole array of Gurkhas and they're hit or miss. Smoked two of these so far and haven't been disappointed. Even burn, get some good pepper flavor and construction is solid. Worth the price."
Gurkha Black Ops Maduro,4 out of 5,Great price and solid daily!,"Amazing price, $2 bucks a stick! This is a perfect smoke when you working around the yard. Just an easy steady eddy daily cigar. Not a flavor bomb by any means but just enough to satisfy while not destroying your wallet. So far solid construction for a lower end cigar. Purchased the 20 pack, glad I did. Also great to have on hand for your once in awhile cigar smoking buddies. Tired of handing out my good stogies and see them half smoked in ashtray in the morning."
Gurkha Black Ops Maduro,3 out of 5,It was okay but at,It was okay but at the end you only tasted ash
Gurkha Black Ops Maduro,5 out of 5,Best value for you dollar!!,Could not believe the price! Could not wait for them to be delivered and they do not disappoint!! All my golf buddies are begging for them!
Gurkha Black Ops Maduro,5 out of 5,"Good for the price, my","Good for the price, my second time buying these, and would buy again"
Gurkha Black Ops Maduro,4 out of 5,Girls special ops,Good cigar toward the full flavor side. Peppery. seem to be better the longer they are in my humidor not that they aren’t good already.
Gurkha Black Ops Maduro,5 out of 5,Maduro lover -Great Buy !!,"After reading many mixed reviews on the Maduro wrapper Black Ops , I took a chance and bought a 20 bundle. 1st light , brought on a spicy yet mild black pepper wrapped around a cocoa and sweet tobacco flavor. I was pleased , as going into the 2nd the black pepper faded off and brought in a slight earthy cocoa and espresso that lingered to a medium long finish. These flavored stayed very consistent and by this time it was a medium to full body smoke and the finish lasts to the next draw. Coming down to the final 3rd , flavors and body amped up a little bit more , but still a med-full body. Razor sharp burn line , and never needed a touch up. Well made stick that did not disappoint.
If you're a maduro lover this one's one to try !!"
Gurkha Black Ops Maduro,5 out of 5,Delicious,The flavors and burn of this cigar are awesome. I have enjoyed sharing with friends while hanging out. Definitely a go to for a quality cigar you will truly love.
Gurkha Black Ops Maduro,5 out of 5,Great everyday smoke!,These have been one of my favorite daily cigars and I always try to keep a good amount on hand when I don't want to smoke some of my more expensive collection. This cigar is full of flavor and has a smooth draw from start to finish.
Gurkha Black Ops Maduro,5 out of 5,Delicious,"These are awesome, too bad it’s not bigger."
Gurkha Black Ops Maduro,5 out of 5,Great!,"Great everyday smoke! Very affordable to smoke daily. Nice white ash, even burn, and a slight tight draw."
Gurkha Black Ops Maduro,4 out of 5,A Winner...,"As far as Maduros go, this Gurkha Black Ops fits the bill just as described... Lite and mild with just a hint of the earthy sweetness so evident in Maduros. For those seeking a less intense ""dark"" cigar, Gurkha comes through again. As Gurkhas always do. Slow burn, even ash-head and billowing smoke! This is the ""Chosen One"" as CI likes to say... For the great price you can enjoy at your leisure---No Guilt!"
Gurkha Black Ops Maduro,5 out of 5,fav,good smoke
Gurkha Black Ops Maduro,5 out of 5,Cigars,"Great cigar, smoked good and rolled well!"
Gurkha Black Ops Maduro,4 out of 5,Gurkha black ops,"Great smoke, burns nicely and is my every day stick. Got my first one in a sampler and now bought a 20 pack."
Gurkha Black Ops Maduro,5 out of 5,Just what my husband needed,These are just an my husband needed. He has been spoiled over the last five years going to a cigar warehouse about 30 miles away. Well they are closing and so we are trying mail order and so far it's working great. We have been read pleased with CO and th Black Ops smokes were wonderful
Gurkha Black Ops Maduro,5 out of 5,Fantastic stick,"Had a great Gurkha War Pig from a sampler pack so I pulled the trigger when the Black Ops went on sale. Nice burn time, great ash retention. Still learning flavors, but I really enjoy this cigar."
Gurkha Black Ops Maduro,5 out of 5,very very good,very very good
Gurkha Black Ops Maduro,4 out of 5,"Even smoke, good burn, bit","Even smoke, good burn, bit of an aftertaste, good value"
Gurkha Black Ops Maduro,4 out of 5,A tad bit harsher than,A tad bit harsher than the Rubicon but very enjoyable and consistent to the end. Nice even burn.
Gurkha Black Ops Maduro,5 out of 5,"Great Flavor , Mmmm...","Great Flavor , Mmmm..."
Gurkha Black Ops Maduro,5 out of 5,Love em,Read reviews don't know what some people are tasting I love these things my only problem a pack of 20 is gone in 4 days I can't stop smoking them
Gurkha Black Ops Maduro,4 out of 5,Good buy,Happy with this purchase. Good fit for what I struggled to find in local store. Something not too expensive that will still burn nice and not taste too bad.
Gurkha Black Ops Maduro,4 out of 5,"Gurkha, What else can ya say",As always Gurkha delivers another very fine smoke
Gurkha Black Ops Maduro,5 out of 5,Awesome smoke,Awesome smoke
Gurkha Black Ops Maduro,3 out of 5,Good draw but taste like,Good draw but taste like dirt but good for the cost.
Gurkha Black Ops Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Daily Cigar,Good full body cigar. Easy draw. Cap/crown stays in place. Good daily smoke.
Gurkha Black Ops Maduro,5 out of 5,Black ops,Buy it for a friend and he loves them
Gurkha Black Ops Maduro,5 out of 5,Good cigar,"I enjoyed the Spec Ops Madura, blunt (NY) style. It is smooth, cositant and full/medium flavor."
Gurkha Black Ops Maduro,3 out of 5,Not your best,Not your best
Gurkha Black Ops Maduro,4 out of 5,Great smoke . Good cigar,Great smoke . Good cigar to smoke with the boys with some whiskey.
Gurkha Black Ops Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"No issues so far. Great cigar, usually can't go wrong with a Gurkha. They burn good and taste good."
Gurkha Black Ops Maduro,5 out of 5,Black ops,Smooth full flavored great smoke!
Gurkha Black Ops Maduro,4 out of 5,Spicy,Spicy
Gurkha Black Ops Maduro,5 out of 5,A nice smoke,Enjoy when you do not have hours to have a smoke.
Gurkha Black Ops Maduro,5 out of 5,Black ops,I like this cigar great price and great flavors
Gurkha Black Ops Maduro,5 out of 5,good cigars,"Burns fast,but still good for driving on the road."
Gurkha Black Ops Maduro,4 out of 5,Rich Flavor,"The price, length, and ring size are perfect for a hour drive home from work. Who cares about traffic. Would buy again"
Gurkha Black Ops Maduro,5 out of 5,Very nice,Very nice
Gurkha Black Ops Maduro,5 out of 5,Gurkha Black Ops,Great cigars at a good price. Well worth the money
Gurkha Black Ops Maduro,4 out of 5,My go to stick,"I have been buying the Gurkha Black Ops for several years now, and all but one recent bundle have been reliably better than average. There are better cigars out there, but this one is very good, predictable, and all without breaking the bank. I belong to a cigar club where it is common to share a box purchase with the group. Always appreciative, I often find that I don’t finish the one given to me, and light up a Black Ops to replace it, knowing what I will get out of it. The problem I had with the recent bundle purchase was mostly due to it not being properly cared for prior to shipping. That is a rare instance out of several bundles I have bought of these underrated smokes."
Gurkha Black Ops Rubicon,5 out of 5,First time for this one,First time for this one and it’s a great smoke flavor is nice
Gurkha Black Ops Rubicon,5 out of 5,Gurkha Rules,"I can't say anything bad about this cigar. Nice draw, super even burn with no canoeing. Arrived super freash, and wish I had purchased more of them. Their price was well worth this smoke, and by the way it wasn't expensive. Try em' I think you'll like them."
Gurkha Black Ops Rubicon,4 out of 5,Just Okay,Okay for a shorter smoke.
Gurkha Black Ops Rubicon,5 out of 5,I like it!,Great burn. Nice flavor.
Gurkha Black Ops Rubicon,5 out of 5,Consistently same flavor and construction,For the money this cigar can not be beat. It is my favorite to light up first on the weekends. Only problem I have is seeing them on back order frequently.
Gurkha Black Ops Rubicon,5 out of 5,Tasty Cigar!,Really Enjoyed these! I got them in a sampler and wanted a few more. I'd definitely order again soon!
Gurkha Black Ops Rubicon,5 out of 5,Sampler find,"Great cigar offered in a sampler
One of my favorites"
Gurkha Black Ops Rubicon,4 out of 5,About the items included.,"Cigars for the most part are just fine. This is for the other items you get...the ammo case is cool, its what I expected. The knife on the other hand is a folder, not full tang like in the image. The blade I would say is good, its not loose, seems sharp but I would have liked the full tang blade other then a folder. Cant complain to much though since it was on the cheap for the most part. Thank you all for providing this cigar service. Keep up the good work."
Gurkha Black Ops Rubicon,5 out of 5,Great gif,Great smoke cool can sharp knife
Gurkha Black Ops Rubicon,5 out of 5,Awesome,Awesome
Gurkha Black Ops Rubicon,4 out of 5,Toothy and complex,"Just finished this toothy beauty, nice complex flavors
Wonderful burn and a nice dark grey ash
Lasted almost 2 hours ."
Gurkha Black Ops Rubicon,5 out of 5,great smoke,just got these in the mail today great smoke I'm relativity new to cigar smoking and this is one of the better ones i have tried+---------- so far will order these again
Gurkha Black Ops Rubicon,5 out of 5,Black Ops,Tasty cigar. Great burn.
Gurkha Black Ops Rubicon,5 out of 5,Good way to bite the bullet!!!,Gurkha hits the bullseye again with a tasty smoke from start to finish. Along with quality swag.
Gurkha Black Ops Rubicon,5 out of 5,What can I say,"What an awesome Smoke, smooth, rich, draws really nice. Will be purchasing a box soon"
Gurkha Black Ops Rubicon,4 out of 5,Very good,A very full and smooth smoke
Gurkha Black Ops Rubicon,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"Right burn , great flavor"
Gurkha Black Ops Rubicon,5 out of 5,One of My Favorite Gurkha Cigars,This is one of my favorite Gurkha cigars. Its not too strong and very smooth. Goes good with nice drink. I keep a couple in my humidor for when I want to change up from an infused cigar.
Gurkha Black Ops Rubicon,5 out of 5,Girrka Ammo Box Set,"Great ammo box, knife, and cigars."
Gurkha Black Ops Rubicon,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Another great Gurkha purchase
Gurkha Black Ops Rubicon,5 out of 5,great cigar,great cigar
Gurkha Black Ops Rubicon,4 out of 5,Black ops Rubicon,Good every day cigar. No issues whatsoever.
Gurkha Black Ops Rubicon,5 out of 5,Black Ops,Nice full bodied cigar! I would recommend it.
Gurkha Black Ops Rubicon,4 out of 5,Pretty Cool,"I like the cigars and I like the box. The knife is a little bigger than I expected, I was hoping for a knife that would fit in the box and I could use for cutting the cigars. I put a different knife in the box and I have the other one on my night table in case someone tries to steal my Rubicons. Overall a cool product."
Gurkha Black Ops Rubicon,5 out of 5,A Really Fine Cigar,"These cigars smoked evenly, were of medium strength, rich in flavor and smooth."
Gurkha Black Ops Rubicon,5 out of 5,solid smoke,its a good smoke to kick back with a whiskey sour in the evening after a long day on the iron horse.
Gurkha Black Ops Rubicon,5 out of 5,Black Ops,"Well made,beautiful and medium-full. Tried before and couldn't order more fast enough. Great flavor, great burn, great price! How could you go wrong?"
Gurkha Black Ops Rubicon,5 out of 5,Two Thumbs Up,These babies are awesome! I like most of the Gurkha line of cigars and these are by far my favorite!
Gurkha Black Ops Rubicon,5 out of 5,Gurkhaaaa,Black Ops... top of the line.
Gurkha Black Ops Rubicon,3 out of 5,Not a bad smoke.,Not a bad smoke.
Gurkha Black Ops Rubicon,3 out of 5,Pretty good.,Pretty good.
Gurkha Black Ops Rubicon,4 out of 5,Good for the price,Good cigar - haven't had a consistent burn yet on the few that I've already smoked though. Would still recommend it.
Gurkha Black Ops Rubicon,5 out of 5,Great cigars,I enjoyed these very much. Found the flavors were quite complex and had no burn issues at all. Will definitely keep these as a regular in my humidor.
Gurkha Black Ops Rubicon,5 out of 5,Awesome,Awesome
Gurkha Black Ops Rubicon,4 out of 5,Great smoke for the price,Great smoke for the price
Gurkha Black Ops Rubicon,3 out of 5,Go with Warpig,A bit of a bite back. Good aroma. Not a great burn/ash. Had to keep lighting
Gurkha Black Ops Rubicon,5 out of 5,Black ops,Great Smoke. And for the price they are 9 stars. snooth medium to full bodied beauty.
Gurkha Black Ops Rubicon,5 out of 5,Full body cigar smooth to,Full body cigar smooth to smoke👌👌
Gurkha Black Ops Rubicon,5 out of 5,Gurkha Cask Blend,Great smoke!
Gurkha Black Ops Rubicon,5 out of 5,Nice smoke for the price,Nice smoke for the price
Gurkha Black Ops Rubicon,5 out of 5,Rubicon,"Purchased many times, always very good"
Gurkha Black Ops Rubicon,5 out of 5,Gurkhas are always a go,Gurkhas are always a go too!
Gurkha Black Ops Rubicon,4 out of 5,Gurkha torpedo,Good everyday smoke however wish they came in a true Churchill size.
Gurkha Black Ops Rubicon,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,Tight wrap. Slow burning with great flavor. 3rd time buying these and will get more!
Gurkha Black Ops Rubicon,5 out of 5,Rubicon,Taste and aroma it doesn't get any better.
Gurkha Black Ops Rubicon,4 out of 5,Black Gold,Good cigar for a great price
Gurkha Black Ops Rubicon,5 out of 5,Awsome,Awsome
Gurkha Black Ops Rubicon,4 out of 5,Good Smoke,Had a nice flavor. Packed just right. Would recommend for the price
Gurkha Black Ops Rubicon,5 out of 5,Torpedos,Great smoke!
Gurkha Black Ops Rubicon,5 out of 5,Gurkha Black Ops Torpedoes,Excellent! Great quality smoke for the price. Full flavor but not over the top. It is now my go to cigar!
Gurkha Black Puro,5 out of 5,Novice Smoker,Good full flavor smoke. One of my favorites.
Gurkha Black Puro,5 out of 5,"Stop here, click buy!","R U kidding me, why have I been paying twice the price for a great tasting but mellow maduro? This is it!
Stop right here and click buy! Everything the Graycliff G2 Maduro has and more for well, much less."
Gurkha Black Puro,3 out of 5,Not bad,It's a very mild smoke. It has a strong barnyard smell. The flavors are not very strong. I will eventually try it again and try it at different humidity. Not bad though.
Gurkha Black Puro,5 out of 5,Excellent,"Excellent cigar, do yourself the favor, try this great tasting cigar"
Gurkha Black Puro,5 out of 5,Gurkha Black Pro Churchill,They are in my humidor and I have yet to try them.
Gurkha Black Puro,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"First time for this cigar. surprisingly impressed. smooth with flavor.
will buy again"
Gurkha Black Puro,4 out of 5,Gurkha Black Puro Churchill,"This was a very enjoyable smoke, I was surprised how mild it was."
Gurkha Black Puro,4 out of 5,The best,Great flavor and burn. Supper relaxing felling during the smoke
Gurkha Black Puro,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Gurkha Black Puro,5 out of 5,One of my favorites!,"This cigar is one of my top choices! I absolutely love the flavor.
As soon as I enjoyed the one that I'd gotten in a sampler pack, I immediately went out an bought more!"
Gurkha Black Puro,5 out of 5,Beautiful cigar with esquisite flavor.,Excellent Maduro cigar. It fits the profile.
Gurkha Black Puro,2 out of 5,Gurkha Black purple Churchill,The cigars fall apart! Will not buy this kind again.
Gurkha Black Puro,5 out of 5,Gurkha Black Puro Churchill,"This stick, introduced to me by my best friend last Christmas, has rapidly become one of my favorite. Great long lasting flavor in a mild-medium maduro smoke."
Gurkha Black Puro,4 out of 5,Tasty Cigar!,"Very nice smoke. However, some of the wrappers peeled off about halfway through."
Gurkha Black Puro,5 out of 5,Girkha black,I'm a big fan of Gurkha cigars and this is one of the best
Gurkha Black Puro,4 out of 5,Gurkha Black Pyro Churchill,I got 5 sticks in a bundle pack. First one I opened was a little dry. I left the other 4 revive in my humidor for two weeks then tried another one out. It was a good cigar.
Gurkha Black Puro,3 out of 5,Cigar purchase,Cigars where steal
Gurkha Black Puro,5 out of 5,Packs a Punch,What a powerful smoke. Loved it-nice and full bodied. Very smooth.
Gurkha Black Puro,5 out of 5,Awesome,Its an awesome cigar will buy again
Gurkha Bourbon Collection,5 out of 5,Love these!,Every once in a while I crave I good cigar while having a few drinks and this is it!
Gurkha Bourbon Collection,5 out of 5,Gurkha Bourbon Collection,"Amazing, full of bourbon flavor throughout the cigar. Slow razor sharp burn. You won't regret this purchase. It's everything you expect in a Gurkha!"
Gurkha Bourbon Collection,5 out of 5,New fan,"My first time smoking Gurkha cigars. The owner of the cigar lounge I'm a member at (High End Cigars, NJ) recommended it I tried it and immediately realized this was a good purchase. Very smooth, the pulls were great burned well all the way through. Definitely will be a go to for me."
Gurkha Bourbon Collection,5 out of 5,Smooth great taste,Smooth great taste
Gurkha Bourbon Collection,5 out of 5,The very best,This is now my favorite go to!!! I've told a few people about this and now they are also hooked on them!!!
Gurkha Bourbon Collection,5 out of 5,Smooth smoke,"Gurkha never disappoints, the bourbon collection in this case, just proves that! Truly one of the best smokes I’ve ever had. Definitely worth every penny."
Gurkha Bourbon Collection,3 out of 5,ok,"The last time I purchased these, they were better"
Gurkha Bourbon Collection,4 out of 5,Greast smoke,Greast smoke
Gurkha Bourbon Collection,5 out of 5,Excellent!,"Short and sweet, an absolute great cigar. I love bourbon, and this will be my go to cigar when I drink my bourbon"
Gurkha Bourbon Collection,5 out of 5,Excellent!,"Short and sweet, an absolute great cigar. I love bourbon, and this will be my go to cigar when I drink my bourbon"
Gurkha Bourbon Collection,5 out of 5,Great,Great cigar
Gurkha Bourbon Collection,4 out of 5,Gurhka bourbon,Good flavor medium strength. Liked the bourbon flavor. Not overwhelming. Burned nice & even. I do like my cigars to be med-strong so this was a little light for me. Overall was a good smoke.
Gurkha Bourbon Collection,5 out of 5,Wonderfull Cigar! Gurkha does it again,Great Gurkha!! Fantastic!!
Gurkha Bourbon Collection,5 out of 5,The Best!,"I just want to say that not only did I rate this smoke as one of the best and is now one of my favorites, but everyone I gave one to is doing the same!!! OUTSTANDING Smoke!!!! Thank you for having them!"
Gurkha Cask Blend,5 out of 5,Smooth-no bite,Very smooth smoke with a lot of flavor
Gurkha Cask Blend,5 out of 5,Fantastic Smoke,20 or 40 box would be nice.
Gurkha Cask Blend,5 out of 5,Great smoking cigar,"Love these, so smooth and tastey"
Gurkha Cask Blend,5 out of 5,WOW,"Excellent draw, smooth leathery taste, not overly peppery, perfect blend, great medium bodied cigar. I purchased the 15 pack, will definitely buy again."
Gurkha Cask Blend,4 out of 5,Why not sell them in boxes of 20/25,"This a great cigar. Great burn, mild/med in strength. I just wish you could purchase them in boxes of 20/25 vs a 5 pack or a box of 200."
Gurkha Cask Blend,5 out of 5,Cigar treat.,"gurka cask blend 5x58 Great friendly smoke, nice burn, draw and flavor. Just the right size for that relaxing 30 minute pause."
Gurkha Cask Blend,5 out of 5,Try it!,Smooth but strong taste! Definitely will buy again...try it if you haven’t.
Gurkha Cask Blend,5 out of 5,My Favorite Cigar,"Boy, I love this smoke. It is a smooth medium cigar with an even burn. It has consistently lived up to it's quality in a way unlike some of other Gurka's."
Gurkha Cask Blend,5 out of 5,It was a smooth cigar,It was a smooth cigar
Gurkha Cask Blend,4 out of 5,Tasty,Great taste
Gurkha Cask Blend,4 out of 5,Gurkas,"Im new to the wonderful world of cigars. I did enjoy these Gurkas and smoked them in one week. I was disappointed when I thought I still had one left, only to realize I didnt. I do like strong cigars and these Gurkas were strong, yet smooth."
Gurkha Cask Blend,4 out of 5,Nice blend,A nice smooth cigar
Gurkha Cask Blend,3 out of 5,Firm draw on the first,Firm draw on the first one.
Gurkha Cask Blend,3 out of 5,Nice smoke,Nice smoke
Gurkha Cask Blend,5 out of 5,Cask blend,PHENOMENAL SMOKE AT A PHENOMENAL PRICE
Gurkha Cask Blend,5 out of 5,Very nice cigars....,"This cigars r very smooth,a really good smoke,my wife order this by accident and I smoked one and I been smoking them everyday..."
Gurkha Cask Blend,5 out of 5,Gurkha,Good cigar. Better than most Gurkhas.
Gurkha Cask Blend,4 out of 5,Good,It was a good experience
Gurkha Cask Blend,4 out of 5,A woman is a woman but a good cigar is a smoke,"A pleasant start middle and finish an even burn throughout
Will be reordering in the near future..."
Gurkha Cask Blend,5 out of 5,Really smooth.,Really smooth.
Gurkha Cask Blend,5 out of 5,Great smoke,One of best cigars I have smoke this year. Can you say smooth!!
Gurkha Cask Blend,5 out of 5,"Nice smooth balanced cigar, great","Nice smooth balanced cigar, great for a relaxing evening smoke to pair with a scotch. Gives the flavors of a full bodied cigar, but with such smoothness"
Gurkha Cask Blend,4 out of 5,This was a very good,This was a very good stick for the price. Burn and construction were good from start to finish.
Gurkha Cask Blend,5 out of 5,gurka cask blend 5x58,a great cigar for theprice
Gurkha Cask Blend,2 out of 5,Canoe,Did not burn well
Gurkha Cask Blend,5 out of 5,Great Gurkha,"Rich flavor. Tightly rolled for smooth, long, even smoke."
Gurkha Cask Blend,5 out of 5,Good smoke.,Good smoke.
Gurkha Cask Blend,4 out of 5,A great smoke,A great smoke
Gurkha Cask Blend,5 out of 5,Gurkha Cask Blend,Great smoke!
Gurkha Cask Blend,5 out of 5,Love your site!,Love your site!
Gurkha Cask Blend,5 out of 5,Very Good,"Got these in a sampler, and I have been impressed with the quality of their construction and their long lasting and even burn. They also smell and taste great. I normally go for something stronger, but this one delivers on flavor. Great overall stick."
Gurkha Cask Blend,3 out of 5,Did not burn great,Did not burn great
Gurkha Cask Blend,5 out of 5,Yummy goodness,As expected and always delivered by Gurkha and the folks at CI-wonderful smoke
Gurkha Cask Blend,5 out of 5,Gurkha cask,One of the better Gurkha’s
Gurkha Cask Blend,5 out of 5,Delicious!!,"One of the best cigars I’ve had in awhile. I’m a Maduro guy. I love full-bodied cigars. This one had more of a full-bodied flavor than I expected. Yet, it was smooth throughout with no bite. I highly recommend it."
Gurkha Cask Blend,4 out of 5,Smooth burning full flavor,Smooth burning full flavor
Gurkha Cask Blend,5 out of 5,Great Cigars!!,Good deal! Would definitely buy again.
Gurkha Cask Blend,5 out of 5,Sweet,"Excellent smoke, nice and mellow throughout. Definitely will buy more in the future."
Gurkha Cask Blend,3 out of 5,Shorty for me,Its a good quick smoke for a person who's use to longer stogies. Burns well
Gurkha Cask Blend,5 out of 5,Very Satisfyingly,well made...packed with flavor...a fine smoke
Gurkha Cask Blend,5 out of 5,Very good smoke,Very good smoke
Gurkha Cask Blend,5 out of 5,The Cask,"Good burn, good draw, all around great taste.. Prefere the 15 yr Cask Blend.. please bring back"
Gurkha Cask Blend,5 out of 5,Gurkha Order,I was extremely pleased with my order. Easy and fast delivery.
Gurkha Cask Blend,4 out of 5,Gurkha Cask Blend,Nice even draw and taste. Mild to medium with a nice finish.
Gurkha Cask Blend,3 out of 5,Good cigar,Ok I got it in a sampler. It is a real good cigar it did not burn evenly but it was a tasty smoke a slow burn. It's a very good wrapped cigar
Gurkha Cask Blend,5 out of 5,CI never disappoints me. High,"CI never disappoints me. High quality and timely deliver. Awesome guys, thank you so much!"
Gurkha Cask Blend,5 out of 5,Killer smoke from Gurkha ... again,"Excellent cigar, great construction,great taste, everything Gurkha makes is great and this is no exception."
Gurkha Cask Blend,4 out of 5,Nice easy smoke,"Medium to full, lots of smoke, great driving or golf course smoke. Good value"
Gurkha Cask Blend,5 out of 5,Gurkha Cast Masters .. Great,Gurkha Cast Masters .. Great Smke
Gurkha Cask Blend,1 out of 5,Dog Rocket,Total Dog Rockets. I guess if you this Ghurkas are top shelf sticks you'd like these. I didn't buy these but went to a wedding where the host put out a 200 ct box of them. I had brought 3 actual nice sticks but gave one away. I had to resort to smoking one of these things at the end of the night. Smoked maybe an inch of it before tossing it. Was kicking myself over giving away the Oliva Melanio that I should have been smoking.
Gurkha Castle Hall Connecticut,4 out of 5,Relaxing smoke,"Nice smoke but I should have noticed the Connecticut wrapper, my mistake, but a quality smoke none the less"
Gurkha Castle Hall Connecticut,4 out of 5,Great cigar burns well!,Great cigar burns well!
Gurkha Castle Hall Connecticut,5 out of 5,Don’t Miss Out,Great cigar at a great price!
Gurkha Castle Hall Connecticut,3 out of 5,Heavy with so so taste,Heavy with so so taste
Gurkha Castle Hall Connecticut,4 out of 5,"Good on the palate, easy on the wallet","I always have Castle Halls in the humidor, especially the Connecticut though I enjoy the Habano just as much. Good morning smoke for the commute. Burns well with a consistent rolling. Love one with my morning coffee. Very easy on the wallet and still good on the palate."
Gurkha Castle Hall Connecticut,5 out of 5,Smooth draw nice smoke.,Smooth draw nice smoke.
Gurkha Castle Hall Connecticut,3 out of 5,3.5,Good yard GAR here buddy 3.5 stars
Gurkha Castle Hall Connecticut,3 out of 5,Puffy!,Good yard gar
Gurkha Castle Hall Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great gar,These cigars r great for the golf course.
Gurkha Castle Hall Connecticut,4 out of 5,Very good low priced cigar,Very good low priced cigar
Gurkha Castle Hall Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good every day cigar,Good every day cigar
Gurkha Castle Hall Connecticut,5 out of 5,Tastee,Excellent smoke for the price. Highly recommend.
Gurkha Castle Hall Connecticut,5 out of 5,"Nice mellow stick, good value",First time I have bought this cigar. Nice mellow stick at a good price!
Gurkha Castle Hall Connecticut,4 out of 5,It was a smooth smoke.,It was a smooth smoke. I would certainly re-order if there was a good price on them again
Gurkha Castle Hall Connecticut,3 out of 5,Horrible,"Horrible cigar, burn was terrible, hard draw should have sent them back. Save your money"
Gurkha Castle Hall Connecticut,3 out of 5,Whatever,"Few that was lit up it was a hard draw and some was okay, but name like Gurkha you wouldn't expect things like this."
Gurkha Castle Hall Connecticut,5 out of 5,Gurka,Mellow stick at a right price. I hope to catch these on sale again.
Gurkha Castle Hall Connecticut,3 out of 5,Not bad,Not bad smoke
Gurkha Castle Hall Connecticut,5 out of 5,"Wow, awesome cigar","Incredible bargain. Smooth and delicious. Tastes great, light and aromatic. Even as a small filler, it burns fairly even. I love this cigar."
Gurkha Castle Hall Connecticut,4 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Gurkha Castle Hall Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good,Good
Gurkha Castle Hall Connecticut,4 out of 5,Smooth smoke,Mild and tasteful very good smoke after a rough day at work
Gurkha Castle Hall Connecticut,5 out of 5,LOVE THIS CIGAR!!!,GREAT DEAL ON A GREAT CIGAR!!!
Gurkha Castle Hall Connecticut,3 out of 5,Might order it again,For the price on sale it was good but there are better when these are at full price
Gurkha Castle Hall Connecticut,3 out of 5,Castle Hall,Some have hard draw and uneven burn.
Gurkha Castle Hall Connecticut,4 out of 5,Not bad,"This cigar was a good mild cigar. I doubt that I would repurchase. No critical reason, just like to try different cigars"
Gurkha Castle Hall Connecticut,4 out of 5,Castle Hall,Great deal!! Great Stick
Gurkha Castle Hall Connecticut,5 out of 5,Castle Hall,"Good cigar, nice taste and smooth to the end."
Gurkha Castle Hall Connecticut,4 out of 5,Ghurka,Nice cigar!
Gurkha Castle Hall Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good staple for your humidor,Nice cigar. Burns well with an easy draw. Smooth rich flavor and not too spicy.
Gurkha Castle Hall Connecticut,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,"I am big fan of the brand in general, this smoke is perfect for my evening daily smoke. great flavor, nice draw, burn is clean just an overall good smoke."
Gurkha Castle Hall Connecticut,5 out of 5,Good gurkas,They had a nice easy draw and great flavor
Gurkha Castle Hall Connecticut,4 out of 5,Ok smoke,Ok for everyday. Not a great cigar with a good Scotch.
Gurkha Castle Hall Connecticut,5 out of 5,Taste smooth and burn good,Taste smooth and burn good
Gurkha Castle Hall Connecticut,3 out of 5,Not the top of the line,"Purchased because of prior experience from Gurkha, these burn hot fast and a few very uneven. Giving it 3 stars because of flavor"
Gurkha Castle Hall Connecticut,5 out of 5,Very tasty,I recieve more compliments on castle hall than any other cigar I give away
Gurkha Castle Hall Connecticut,3 out of 5,hmmm,They did not all burn well and the taste was substandard.
Gurkha Castle Hall Connecticut,5 out of 5,Gurkha,for a second this is a great cigar. Gurka quality at bargain price
Gurkha Castle Hall Connecticut,2 out of 5,got a bite,"not sure why, but these cigars have got an unpleasant bite when smoked. have put them on my do not buy again list."
Gurkha Castle Hall Connecticut,5 out of 5,very smooth,Great smoke
Gurkha Castle Hall Connecticut,5 out of 5,Castle Hall - Favorite Gurkha,"The Castle Hall is one of my favorite Gurkhas. Mild, an easy draw, and the smokes are pretty consistent from one to the next. I get a bundle of these every time I see them on sale - can't skip a Castle Hall deal! A terrific every day cigar."
Gurkha Castle Hall Connecticut,3 out of 5,Just ok. Nothing special. Burns good.,Same as above..
Gurkha Castle Hall Connecticut,2 out of 5,Not impressed,"Were ok, but a little on the dry side. Glad my usual sticks came back in stock."
Gurkha Castle Hall Connecticut,3 out of 5,Good Golf Course Smoke,Perfect for the course
Gurkha Castle Hall Connecticut,4 out of 5,CK Hall,Excelent cigar...one of the beat I like so far.
Gurkha Castle Hall Connecticut,5 out of 5,very smooth,Very smooth
Gurkha Castle Hall Connecticut,5 out of 5,Gurkha Castle Hall,Nice smooth smoke.. Just right with your favorite beverage..
Gurkha Castle Hall Connecticut,1 out of 5,Dry Dry Dry Gurkia,The was received cracked and very Dry.
Gurkha Castle Hall Connecticut,2 out of 5,Review,Good mild cigar but hard draw.
Gurkha Castle Hall Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good Smoke - but,"Cigars had to be put in the humidor for couple of weeks due to cracking. After that, they were fine, not what I usually expect."
Gurkha Castle Hall Habano,5 out of 5,Good cigar and priced Right,Like Gurkha what can I say will buy again *****
Gurkha Castle Hall Habano,5 out of 5,Castle Hall Habano,"Castle Hall
What can I say ...Im a Gurkhaan all the way, I even have a dedicated humidor for them...anyway, when I smoked the
Castle Hall Habano I found that the wrapper itself gave the cigar a toasty experience, it was so great from start to finish...
I look to order more but found that they are out of stock..it figures...anyway I will be on the lookout when they become available again. Joe R."
Gurkha Castle Hall Habano,5 out of 5,Castle Hall Habano,"Castle Hall
What can I say ...Im a Gurkhaan all the way, I even have a dedicated humidor for them...anyway, when I smoked the
Castle Hall Habano I found that the wrapper itself gave the cigar a toasty experience, it was so great from start to finish...
I look to order more but found that they are out of stock..it figures...anyway I will be on the lookout when they become available again. Joe R."
Gurkha Castle Hall Habano,4 out of 5,Worth a try,"The wrapper looks a little rough, but the construction and draw are always consistently good. A medium strength cigar, good tobacco core with just enough spice to keep it interesting. Never had a bad Gurkha cigar. This version was satisfying for the price paid."
Gurkha Castle Hall Habano,5 out of 5,Nice,Great value
Gurkha Castle Hall Habano,4 out of 5,Castle hall,A good everyday cigar.
Gurkha Castle Hall Habano,5 out of 5,Great price. Great everyday cigar.,"For the price, a really solid smoke."
Gurkha Castle Hall Habano,4 out of 5,Great smoke but cigars were,Great smoke but cigars were dry and needed humidified.
Gurkha Castle Hall Habano,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Love me some Gurk Lol 😆
Gurkha Castle Hall Habano,5 out of 5,Love Is...,I LOVE MY GURK 💜
Gurkha Castle Hall Habano,5 out of 5,Great,Great with a beer after work.
Gurkha Castle Hall Habano,5 out of 5,Great smoke,I am a Gurkha cigar smoker and have a;ways enjoyed them
Gurkha Castle Hall Habano,5 out of 5,GREAT SMOKE,GREAT SMOKE
Gurkha Castle Hall Habano,5 out of 5,Awsome smokes,Really enjoyable
Gurkha Castle Hall Habano,4 out of 5,Great Cheap Gurkha.,This is a cheap gurkha cigar better than The Prize fighter. my only complaint would be that when you take the band off some times it takes a little bit of the wrapper with it.
Gurkha Castle Hall Habano,4 out of 5,Good everyday smoke,Good everyday smoke
Gurkha Castle Hall Habano,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"Excellent draw, no bitter after taste,e xcellent cigar for the price."
Gurkha Castle Hall Habano,5 out of 5,Poor substitute,My regular cigar is not in stock so I order these to tide me over. Not good but they will do.
Gurkha Castle Hall Habano,4 out of 5,good for the price,good for the price
Gurkha Castle Hall Habano,4 out of 5,Castle Hall good smoke for the money,Havana full flavor smoke nice
Gurkha Castle Hall Habano,5 out of 5,Ghurka never disappoints,"As a big Ghurka fan, Beauty, Beast, Park Avenue, Armageddon, Shaggy, Symphony and War Pig...to name a few, Castle Hall Habano did not disappoint. (Especially at this price). I have a 45 minute commute and CH has become my morning favorite for the drive - knocking Bahia Connecticut from the place it's held for two years. Smooth, good draw, lots of habano laced smoke. Buy a bundle, you'll thank me."
Gurkha Castle Hall Habano,4 out of 5,A very good every day,"A very good every day cigar. Taste, and price are just right."
Gurkha Castle Hall Habano,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good daily smoke. The wrapping is a little thin & tends to come loose
Gurkha Castle Hall Habano,3 out of 5,Average smoke. Reasonably cheap,"I am a big Gurkha fan. Although the overall reviews weren't inspiring on this product, I thought I'd give them a try as a cheap, daily smoke.
As noted by other reviewers, these sticks were unusually dry when received. Canoeing was an issue with a few of them. Overall, a good enough daily smoke, but nothing compelling. Personally, I won't purchase again."
Gurkha Castle Hall Habano,4 out of 5,Castle Hall Review,The Castle Hall torpedo is an impressive cigar sold at a reasonable price.
Gurkha Castle Hall Habano,2 out of 5,Had my first one today and I'm not happy,"Had my first one today and I'm not happy.
First of all, it had a bitter taste from the start to half way through. At that point I tossed it.
Also, it was a quick burn and a loose draw.
I'm sorry I fell for the description. I tried to go cheap, my bad, I guess I'll stick with more expensive cigar from now on."
Gurkha Castle Hall Habano,5 out of 5,Great Gurka,This is a great cigar for a low price
Gurkha Castle Hall Habano,3 out of 5,just OK smoke,Didn't care for them at first. After some time in the humidor they got better. How ever not flavorful enough to buy again.
Gurkha Castle Hall Habano,3 out of 5,Unpleasant taste and aroma for the Castle Hall cigar.,I'm dissapointed in the Castle Hall. It's hard to discribe how bad the taste is. Very pungent aroma too. I've tried a few of them and they are not a very pleasant smoke.
Gurkha Castle Hall Habano,3 out of 5,all good,nice smoke for price
Gurkha Castle Hall Habano,4 out of 5,Good even smoke .,"For the most part, these gars are ok. I had some that were a little dry. They burn evenly and price was ok."
Gurkha Castle Hall Habano,4 out of 5,not bad,Nice smoke for price
Gurkha Castle Hall Habano,5 out of 5,Scott,"Disappointed. This is the 2nd order of Gurkha cigars that were dried out. I put in Humidor for a week, still stale. I returned the first batch. Feel bad telling them another delivery was the same. I will have to."
Gurkha Castle Hall Habano,3 out of 5,Rolled to tight..,Rolled to tight..
Gurkha Castle Hall Habano,3 out of 5,Decent cheap cigar,"Not bad, can't expect more from a cheap cigar. Maybe made from the excess tobacco from their other cigars."
Gurkha Castle Hall Habano,5 out of 5,Pleasant Suprise,"Recieve these and had one right out of the pack. Was very suprised. I must admit I wasnt expecting much at this price. Very Smooth smoke, clean burn, long ash. All around pleasant experience. I would recommend these."
Gurkha Castle Hall Habano,5 out of 5,Great everyday smoke!,The smoke is smooth from start to finish. Great everyday cigar!
Gurkha Castle Hall Habano,5 out of 5,Just what you'd expect from Gurkha,I found the same quality product as all Gurkha's. Very well constructed cigar. Even burn consistent. It is a bit mild yet packed with palatable flavors.Price is incredible for the quality of the cigar.
Gurkha Castle Hall Habano,3 out of 5,Nice for the price,"Cigar is nicely wrapped, not too many veins in the wrapper. Nice smoke output, definely a medium to mild smoke cigar. More of a daily smoke cigar. Hinds of cedar, and leather on the Pilate. I enjoyed it."
Gurkha Castle Hall Habano,5 out of 5,Taste test,For the price it taste good!
Gurkha Castle Hall Habano,1 out of 5,"Sorry, I can't endorse this one","I've had at least 5, or 6 of them now. So, it's not just a bad first-impression. The burn is horrible, with severe canoeing. Flavor is 'meh'. They'll be yard-gars, or giveaways to moochers, LOL."
Gurkha Castle Hall Habano,4 out of 5,Gurkha castle hall,Nice cigar can't complain about the price. The burn on it was a little fast but overall I would recommend if your looking for a less pricey cigar with good flavor
Gurkha Castle Hall Habano,5 out of 5,"A good mild cigar, burns","A good mild cigar, burns evenly all the way through. I would order them again."
Gurkha Castle Hall Habano,4 out of 5,Fred M.,"A good stick, good flavor, good burn."
Gurkha Castle Hall Habano,5 out of 5,Gurkha Castle Hall,"I purchased these because I love Gurkha, they were at a killer price and it was stated it was an introductory price. From that, I assumed it was a brand new Gurkha product and wanted to try it. Now I'm not fancy with terms like hints of cedar, pepper, earthy etc. I'm just a guy who like a great cigar. I gave the 4 star review coming from the ""economy"" cigar point of view. For a cheap stick, it definately did not disappoint straight out of the box. Great flavor, easy smoke on the mild side, able to smoke it to a nub. Definately the best low price cigar I have purchased. As a matter of fact, I'm changing it to 5 stars. Again, that is solely from the economy stand point. For a cheap stick, it rocks! Definately recommend for the garage, hand outs, golf course or a day in the woods throwing some rounds down range."
Gurkha Castle Hall Habano,3 out of 5,Solid,Nice stogie for the price.
Gurkha Castle Hall Habano,2 out of 5,Not So Good,Poor construction. Harsh taste. Won't buy again.
Gurkha Castle Hall Habano,3 out of 5,Decent everyday smoke...but,"Decent everyday cigar, not much to brag about. Some of them came unwrapped or fell apart 2/3 of the way through it. Would probable buy again for a everyday cigar, but price could be a little lower."
Gurkha Castle Hall Habano,4 out of 5,a good everyday stick,The Gurkha Castle Hall Habano Robusto is a new cigar in my humidor ... I still prefer the Gurkha double perfecto . but the Hall Habano is a good cigar for the money you can't go wrong with this stick in your humidor .. so pick some up and enjoy !!!!
Gurkha Castle Hall Habano,4 out of 5,Nice smoke. Some construction issues,Nice smoke. Some construction issues but otherwise a good everyday cigar
Gurkha Castle Hall Sumatra,5 out of 5,GOOD EVERY DAY CIGAR! CIGARS,"GOOD EVERY DAY CIGAR!
CIGARS INTERNATIONAL IS A GREAT COMPANY
GREAT SELECTION EXCELLENT ON TIME DELIVERY
THANK YOU ☺️ A CUSTOMER AIWAYS
ROGER KIRK"
Gurkha Castle Hall Sumatra,5 out of 5,Great,Thanks
Gurkha Castle Hall Sumatra,4 out of 5,Cigar,THANKS
Gurkha Castle Hall Sumatra,3 out of 5,Rick,Ok for the price
Gurkha Castle Hall Sumatra,5 out of 5,Love it,excellent aroma and flavor
Gurkha Castle Hall Sumatra,5 out of 5,A good smoke,Nice and smooth full flavor and a slow burn perfect with makers mark on a Sumer afternoon
Gurkha Castle Hall Sumatra,4 out of 5,pretty solid,"Not the best Gurkha has to offer, but still better than most. A very solid smoke."
Gurkha Castle Hall Sumatra,4 out of 5,Gurkha Castle Hall Sumatra Robusto,"First time trying. Good smoke, not a bad flavor. I will probably get again."
Gurkha Castle Hall Sumatra,1 out of 5,Worst I've Bought,"I've never worked harder to smoke a cigar. I had to cut and cut, poke holes in the end and more just to be able to smoke this thing. One friend said he was exhausted from all the effort of puffing and puffing. He said he won't smoke one again and I wouldn't either if I hadn't bought 20. They're packed really tight and peel like crazy. And they're pretty flavorless. Can't think of one good thing to say."
Gurkha Castle Hall Sumatra,1 out of 5,Poorly rolled,This cigar has a good flavor and can produce nice amount of cool smoke but at least 50% of he ones I bought were too tightly rolled. I ended up throwing out a lot of them.
Gurkha Castle Hall Sumatra,2 out of 5,Just so so,"All right CI, you're asking a 'new be' to rate this brand. Right out the gate, of a raft of 20, the first one was a struggle and went to the mat with it. It was rolled to tight. Three more into them - same thing. They all went 'canoeing' like a love sick Indian. I'm hoping some rest time in the humidor might put some life into them, but I'm having my doubts. I gave it two stars because the flavor is decent. I suspect that there was a rookie at the rolling bench. Probably happens a lot. At any rate, that's why I've got the Meerschaum. I hates ta' waste any cigar."
Gurkha Castle Hall Sumatra,3 out of 5,Some were bad,"It seemed to be a pretty good cigar but a couple of them were ""chewy "" it was as if the inner leef was rubbery and the cigar would not hit. I tossed those ones . Other than those two, I liked it ."
Gurkha Castle Hall Sumatra,5 out of 5,GREAT SMOKE,These are a great kick around smoke. Nothing fancy but a good well rounded smoke at a great price.
Gurkha Castle Hall Sumatra,5 out of 5,great cigar for the price,great cigar for the price
Gurkha Castle Hall Sumatra,5 out of 5,Gurkha Castle Hall Sumatra Robusto,"after resting them in the nude for a month i found the flavor the taste to be more enjoyable , a nice evening smoke"
Gurkha Castle Hall Sumatra,5 out of 5,if the first one don't succeed the 2nd one will,"these came perfectly seasoned with the most whitest ash i'd seen yet , i'm sure glad i had a 2nd one ."
Gurkha Castle Hall Sumatra,5 out of 5,Delicious,Great taste and fast delivery
Gurkha Castle Hall Sumatra,1 out of 5,These are junk!,"The Gurkha castle hall should be sold with a poker every cigar was plugged or blew apart, one of the buys ever stay away from these!"
Gurkha Castle Hall Sumatra,1 out of 5,YUK,Never again
Gurkha Castle Hall Sumatra,5 out of 5,"Well made, well played","I wanted a good 30 minute cigar that didn't overpower my taste buds.
It had to go with what I was drinking, alcohol or not.
And no canoeing, please, or plugged draws.
I got it."
Gurkha Castle Hall Sumatra,1 out of 5,One star to too generous,"One star is too generous. I thought they may have got to dry during shipment but I've had them in the humidor @70 for a couple months now and no change. The outer wrapper is thin, most if not all have rips, tears and holes.. End caps are not on well..nothing good to say about them. I wouldn't buy again."
Gurkha Castle Hall Sumatra,5 out of 5,Good Cigar,Great with cigar in one hand and a whiskey in the other
Gurkha Castle Hall Sumatra,3 out of 5,I have been enjoying these cigars,"The only problem I have with them is the ring pulls the wrapper and tears it sometimes. The ring is actually stuck to the wrapper. No bueno.
I like the consistent flavor for sure."
Gurkha Castle Hall Sumatra,4 out of 5,Good value!,Good cigar for the money! Put a few back for aging but even without I enjoyed them down to the nub!
Gurkha Castle Hall Sumatra,3 out of 5,Disappointed but can't complain.,"Gonna be as honest as I can: this particular bundle so far has been pretty inconsistent. This is the 1st Gurkha I've ever smoked, and even for a REALLY good price on these, (thank you CI!) I had a bundle of Nicaraguan Sweet 2nds and Felipe Dominicans that had more consistency than these. Wrapper fell apart on some, but I'm sure if I let it sit a little longer it would probably be better. The taste of some is stronger than others.
BUT, I will not turn my head to trying more Gurkhas.
With that being said, I'm not going to bash this cigar outright. It has some pros.
Pros: The Ash HOLDS REALLY WELL. I had the ash almost and a half from the the foot before falling off.
It's one of those cigars where if youre tight on money but still want a bundle for the cool starlit nights laying by the pool, you can still enjoy them."
Gurkha Castle Hall Sumatra,2 out of 5,Gurkha Castle Hall Sumatra Toro :-(,Half of these have draw issues. I will not buy these again. Not worth the low price.
Gurkha Castle Hall Sumatra,4 out of 5,Good smoke great price,Nice everyday cigar for a great price
Gurkha Castle Hall Sumatra,5 out of 5,Smooth to the end,"What a great cigar it has become my favorite. Smokes good, solid flavor the whole cigar and a perfect ash."
Gurkha Castle Hall Sumatra,1 out of 5,Expected Better From Gurkha,"I bought these because the price was great for such a well known brand, but I think they just slapped the Gurkha band on an inferior cigar to make money. Most of the bundle I purchased had a hard draw on them and they finished with a fairly harsh taste far from the end of the cigar with about at least an inch from to go. I won't bother trying another batch."
Gurkha Castle Hall Sumatra,4 out of 5,Not bad.,Good full-bodied cigar for the money.
Gurkha Castle Hall Sumatra,3 out of 5,"They has a machine like texture, and feel like the blend is sandwich.","I used to smoke them, something has change in the production, not the same."
Gurkha Castle Hall Sumatra,2 out of 5,Changed to new supplier,Regardless of price there was always a few cigars that never burned evenly....one side would burn faster than the other.
Gurkha Cellar Reserve,5 out of 5,Excellent!!!,Excellent!!!
Gurkha Cellar Reserve,5 out of 5,Worth the price!!,I'm not usually a fan of big (50+) ring cigars but this was one great smoke. The draw was really easy and smooth and always burned evenly. Also had a great taste. Will definitely purchase again
Gurkha Cellar Reserve,5 out of 5,Top cigar at cigars international,Best cigar that cigars international offers. In second place would be Olivia's Milano v 3rd will be Gurkha Crystal tubos King Louie Brandy.
Gurkha Cellar Reserve,5 out of 5,Awesome cigars,Great priceflavor nice draw great
Gurkha Cellar Reserve,4 out of 5,Not bad,Good short smoke
Gurkha Cellar Reserve,4 out of 5,Good not great.,Good not great.
Gurkha Cellar Reserve,4 out of 5,"A nice, quick mellow burn","The Koi was a nice, albeit more mild than I normally smoke, but since it was a casual 30-35 minute smoke with pleasing flavor, it is a nice smoke to repeat again and again!"
Gurkha Cellar Reserve,5 out of 5,Gurkha Cellar Reserve,"A mild yet flavorful cigar. This is not your average throw down stick to be handed out to people you barely know. This cigar should be enjoyed with close friends or just alone when you want to relax for a couple hours and really enjoy life. Don't be in a rush, quality like this is to be enjoyed."
Gurkha Cellar Reserve,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Gurkha Cellar Reserve,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke. One my favorites.,"Very enjoyable smoke with great construction, smooth and complex. One of my favorites."
Gurkha Cellar Reserve,4 out of 5,Little Flavor,A well constructed cigar but little flavor considering its very high rating. I would give it a 90
Gurkha Cellar Reserve,5 out of 5,Prisoner,Great smoke !!!
Gurkha Cellar Reserve,5 out of 5,Guhrka Cellar Reserve - !5,"De - F'n-liciouse - nice roll, fair to good draw - tasty!"
Gurkha Cellar Reserve,4 out of 5,Good Cigar,"I tried these on a whim, and I was surprised at how well they smoked. Great flavor, and they burned well"
Gurkha Cellar Reserve,5 out of 5,15 year old excellence,Great cigar. Bough to hand out as gifts and t enjoy myself. Everyone wants more and where can I buy them. Great treat from Gurkha!!
Gurkha Cellar Reserve,5 out of 5,"Great Smoke. Smooth, mildly aromatic,","Great Smoke. Smooth, mildly aromatic, no after taste. Great buy."
Gurkha Cellar Reserve,5 out of 5,Gurkha Cellar Reserve Solara,"I'm a bit of a noob to the cigar scene but enjoy a good stick with my bourbon. So far this is the best cigar I have tried. I have been steadily migrating towards the Gurkha brand as all of their wares have smoked very well. I have enjoyed Oliva and Macanudo and CAO but so far this one has exceeded my expectations, leading me to buy a box. I'm very happy with my purchase. So far each one has been a very even smoke requiring very little if any touchup. The smoke is more complex and earthy than say the Oliva V but equally as smooth. Will be my go to until I stumble onto something better."
Gurkha Cellar Reserve,5 out of 5,A rare treat,Go ahead and indulge yourself. This little guy will leave you longing for more. The smoke is rich and delicious.
Gurkha Cellar Reserve,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar,"What a wonderful smoke. Delicious, complex and smooth, perfect draw, even burn. Couldn’t ask for more. Looking forward to tasting these once they’ve set up in my humidor for 6+ months! Highly recommend."
Gurkha Cellar Reserve,5 out of 5,"Great smoke, fresh full bodied","Great smoke, fresh full bodied yet mild"
Gurkha Cellar Reserve,5 out of 5,Amazing cigar,One of my favorites!
Gurkha Cellar Reserve,3 out of 5,I think I overhyped these,"I think I overhyped these in my head. Touted as the ""cigar of the decade"" I kind of expected much more. Dont get me wrong, it had great complex taste and ok construction but I just prefer some other higher rated sticks better.
Keep in mind...while I didnt like them...one of my buddies loved them. So maybe give them a shot!"
Gurkha Cellar Reserve,4 out of 5,NIce stick good flavor,"I am confessedly not a Gurkha fan usually, but there are a few blends that I do enjoy. This is a very nice cigar good flavor and great wrapper. I would buy these again."
Gurkha Cellar Reserve,5 out of 5,Excellant,Great tasting little smoke. Expensive but worth it.
Gurkha Cellar Reserve,5 out of 5,Amazing,This smoke is amazing. Completely changed my perspective about the whole brand. Now if CI could offer them up again there'd be an instant sale. NEED more to stock my humidors.
Gurkha Cellar Reserve,2 out of 5,Disappointing,"I got these cigars so I would have something if time was short. Luckily, I normally have the time to devote an hour or longer to a quality cigar.
These were advertised as being on the full flavor end of the spectrum, 4” by 60 ring gauge. The are really more medium & somebody needs to learn the difference between 60 & closer to a 54 ring gauge."
Gurkha Cellar Reserve,5 out of 5,Velvety smooooth...,Great smoke. Beautiful draw with plenty of flavor and no peppery bite. I highly recommend it and will be buying more.
Gurkha Cellar Reserve,5 out of 5,Tasty,Tasty smooth smoke! Good from start to finish.
Gurkha Cellar Reserve,5 out of 5,NotBad,"Not bad at all.Never like to give bad reviews,but sometimes you have to when you put up your hard earned money. But not here The Gurkha Cellar Reserve is nicely equipped with good structure and tolarably bold.It a good burner."
Gurkha Cellar Reserve,5 out of 5,Basque in the cask,"Super taste, great smoke, great burn,..too bad it’s only available once a year"
Gurkha Cellar Reserve,5 out of 5,Gurkha Cellar Reserve Koi,Excellent
Gurkha Cellar Reserve,5 out of 5,great cigar,"These are very well made, and have a smooth medium taste. They are pricey but I am worth it."
Gurkha Cellar Reserve,5 out of 5,Great little smoke!,These are the perfect size for a quick smoke. The wrapper and blend are very smooth and satisfying. Will be buying more!
Gurkha Cellar Reserve,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,This is one of the best cigars I have ever had. I will always keep some in stock.
Gurkha Cellar Reserve,5 out of 5,WOW,Amazing cigar!! Burns cool down to the nub.
Gurkha Cellar Reserve,3 out of 5,Overrated,"I’ve never had great luck with Gurkhas and these were no different. While many folks apparently love these sticks; to me, they were lackluster and I found that their strength/profile was completely overrated."
Gurkha Cellar Reserve,5 out of 5,Awesome cigars from beginning to,Awesome cigars from beginning to end
Gurkha Cellar Reserve,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Pick these up off a deal and happy I did. Some consistency issues with filler making some sticks harder to pull. Will enjoy these with friends
Gurkha Cellar Reserve,2 out of 5,not what i expected,"the cigars are very strong! i wanted to taste something special but got an average but strong taste. i wish i could say this cigar was as good as advertised but sorry. i wouldn't tell a friend to buy them,sorry!"
Gurkha Cellar Reserve,5 out of 5,Wonderful smooth smoke,Wonderful smooth smoke
Gurkha Cellar Reserve,5 out of 5,Gurka Celler Reserva,What a great smoke. Thanks!!!
Gurkha Cellar Reserve,5 out of 5,Great Even Smoke!,"I am a big fan of this cigar. I bought it on a whim and was very glad I did. I normally like a bit stronger cigars these days but this is a rich, smooth cigar with an even draw. Love it!"
Gurkha Cellar Reserve,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar,"Took a chance that this would be an enjoyable cigar, and so happy I did. Everything about this cigar is what you expect from the best quality cigars. Great flavors, awesome burn, smooth draw. Smokes this baby till practically burning my fingers off.
Highly recommend trying this if you ever get a chance."
Gurkha Cellar Reserve,4 out of 5,Hard to find Ghurkas worth the wait,The 15-Year cellar aged Ghurkas are hard to find. . . and especially hard to find on sale. When a sale comes around it’s worth buying a box. Full flavored and even smoking.
Gurkha Cellar Reserve,4 out of 5,Great smoke at good price,Great smoke at good price
Gurkha Cellar Reserve,4 out of 5,Dependable Choice,"This cigar gives a full, rich smoke. Ideal after dinner selection."
Gurkha Cellar Reserve,4 out of 5,Good cjgar,"Not a bad cigar. However. They seem to not be rolled very well,"
Gurkha Cellar Reserve,5 out of 5,A staple in my humidor,This was a huge bargain. A favorite smoke at a bargain price.
Gurkha Cellar Reserve,4 out of 5,Ok cigar,Good long and even burning and well made but not much flavor.. I was hoping they would be better considering the cost
Gurkha Cellar Reserve,5 out of 5,Nice Cigar,This cigar is smooth from beginning to end.
Gurkha Centurian - Wrong Band,5 out of 5,Nice!,"This is an excellent and flavorful smoke, all the way down to the nub. Nice draw and burned evenly."
Gurkha Chairman's Select,5 out of 5,Chairman Select,I really enjoy this cigar
Gurkha Chairman's Select,4 out of 5,Highly recommended but the robusto's are little on the short side,These are a good cigar good tasting and smooth. The robustos are a little on the short side though because you have to clip both ends. I will be ordering these again but I will probably go with a Toro or a Churchill. Highly recommended
Gurkha Chairman's Select,5 out of 5,Sublime,Sublime
Gurkha Chairman's Select,5 out of 5,My favorite cigar.,This cigar is a perfect balance. Not too heavy or too light. Excellent aftertaste and smooth. Perfect for any occasion and you can’t beat the price.
Gurkha Chairman's Select,4 out of 5,Solid cigar all the way,Solid cigar all the way around.
Gurkha Chairman's Select,5 out of 5,Another great smoke from Gurkha,"Don’t judge a book by its cover. this is a great cigar, amazing deal and as always great customer service from cigar international"
Gurkha Chairman's Select,5 out of 5,A respite from the day,A smooth smoke with an easy draw. Enjoyable to sit back and relax with a good book and a fine refreshment. Proste
Gurkha Chairman's Select,5 out of 5,good bang for the buck,"good bang for the buck here. nicely constructed, with some complexity."
Gurkha Chairman's Select,3 out of 5,Not bad for a Gurkha,"Love a good perfecto, but I never know what to expect from Gurkha. Flavor notes are as described leather, pepper ect. Smooth and consistent but not terribly exciting. Now I've only burned 1 of 5 but it had burn issues. Never a clean line and starting the final third I hit a spot that wasn't as full in the center and would of gone out without attention.
Probably let the other 4 sit awhile."
Gurkha Chairman's Select,5 out of 5,Gotta love a Perfecto...,"I must admit, I'm a total sucker for a Perfecto. I don't know what the attraction is. Gurkha makes so many different Perfectos that I was naturally drawn to the brand. Right now Gurkha is my brand and these Rothschilds are tasty and soothing. Get some..."
Gurkha Chairman's Select,5 out of 5,Gimmegimmegimme...,It seems Gurkha can do no wrong. A solid stick at a great price.
Gurkha Chairman's Select,5 out of 5,Can't go wrong.,This is a superior blend. One of my personal favorites. I hold it in my top 3 sticks next to the Shaggy and Ashton VSG.
Gurkha Chairman's Select,4 out of 5,Good smoke . Mild but,Good smoke . Mild but the draw can be inconsistant.
Gurkha Chairman's Select,5 out of 5,Tasty,One of the few Gurkhas I really like. Mild but lots of flavor.
Gurkha Chairman's Select,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"Great smoke, nice draw, light it once and it stays lit. Smooth!! Worst thing is taking that huge, construction-paper label off."
Gurkha Chairman's Select,5 out of 5,Like,Was supposed to get 6/68 and received 5/58.disapointed.
Gurkha Chairman's Select,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Gurkha Chairman's Select,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"I am a Gurkha man as I prefer their cigar more than any other brand, but the Chairman select 13 is one of the smoothest sticks I have smoked. It is compatible to a good Cuban tobacco."
Gurkha Chairman's Select,4 out of 5,Great,Great
Gurkha Chairman's Select,5 out of 5,good smoke,nice even burn mild finish
Gurkha Chairman's Select,5 out of 5,Favorite Cigar,This one is my favorite. Even burn - great smoke
Gurkha Chairman's Select,4 out of 5,Good smoke! The draw was,Good smoke! The draw was good and burned evenly with plenty of flavor!
Gurkha Chairman's Select,5 out of 5,Good Cigar,One of my favorite Gurkha cigars.
Gurkha Chairman's Select,3 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar. I enjoyed it.
Gurkha Chairman's Select,4 out of 5,Gurkha Chairman's Select,Pleasantly surprised. I really enjoyed the first of the 5 I bought. Passing one on to a golfing buddy.
Gurkha Chairman's Select,4 out of 5,Great Price,"Taste as Advertise, smothie."
Gurkha Chairman's Select,4 out of 5,Chairman Select Limited Reserve,"Real nice Smoke. Good smooth flavor, nice draw. I recommend this Cigar."
Gurkha Chairman's Select,4 out of 5,Good Smoke,Was never a fan of the Gurka line but this one might just change my mind great flavor and a even burn all the way through the cigar very nice cigar
Gurkha Chairman's Select,5 out of 5,CI - Gurkha Cigars,"very good cigars, you need smoke it, trust me"
Gurkha Chairman's Select,3 out of 5,Average,"I’d say that this isn’t a bad cigar, but there wasn’t anything that stood out to me."
Gurkha Chairman's Select,3 out of 5,So So,"The Chairman was a little disappointing, no depth of flavor, earth and leather with hints of cocoa but you need to concentrate the first 2/3rds to really find it. The last third brought the pepper though not overwhelmingly so. It served as a drive to and from work smoke but not something I’d sit down with to enjoy. That ring could use a bit less glue as well, it was a real pain to remove once that time came. I tore the wrapper on a couple sticks just getting it off and each time had to peel it like a tough piece of fruit. Maybe flavors would improve if given some maturing time."
Gurkha Chairman's Select,5 out of 5,Gurkha Chairman Select,I consider this the best of the Gurkha selection of Cigars.
Gurkha Chairman's Select,5 out of 5,Rich and Smooth cigar,This cigar has smooth but bold flavor of earthy aged tobacco with a finish of pepper rich flavor lingering through your palate. Nice finish down to the end.
Gurkha Chairman's Select,4 out of 5,Too long. But a good,Too long. But a good smke
Gurkha Chairman's Select,4 out of 5,Make an offer deal,"First time on a MAKE AN OFFER. Fun to do, good stick, ridiculously high shipping for as long as it took."
Gurkha Chairman's Select,5 out of 5,Love it,Smooth and great burn
Gurkha Chairman's Select,5 out of 5,Even burn - Great Cigar,Even burn - Great Cigar
Gurkha Chairman's Select,4 out of 5,Gurkha Chairman,I really enjoyed smoking this cigar. It was smooth and light.
Gurkha Chairman's Select,4 out of 5,Gurkha Chairman’s Select,"This is a good cigar for the money, a medium bodied, spice, cedar, leathery pepper flavor to it. Nice draw, even burn and a lot of smoke. Good aroma. I found this nice with my morning coffee. If your wife is busting your chops on $$$ spent on cigars as mine does, this is an awesome stick for the money."
Gurkha Chairman's Select,3 out of 5,they were great but 60%,they were great but 60% of them were falling apart half way through the smoke. and yes i have them kept at 70% humidity control room.
Gurkha Chairman's Select,5 out of 5,5 star,outstanding
Gurkha Chairman's Select,5 out of 5,Tastiness and ease of draw are top notch,Great smoke! Need to keep this one stocked in the humidor. It's a special occasion cigar that I want to smoke everyday. Have fun.
Gurkha Chairman's Select,5 out of 5,wow oh wow,"sooo goood.
sooo amazing"
Gurkha Chairman's Select,5 out of 5,"Very smooth continuous smoke, both","Very smooth continuous smoke, both ends held together very well when cut."
Gurkha Chairman's Select,4 out of 5,WOW.,"Bad Burn, uneven , tunneling, I was very disappointed."
Gurkha Chairman's Select,4 out of 5,Pleasant smoke,"God cigar, medium to light body, smooth till the end"
Gurkha Chairman's Select,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Gurkha Chairman's Select,5 out of 5,Ghurkas Chairman’s Select.,"Really nice cigar. From the cut to the nub...one of the very best cigars I’ve smoked.
Sold as a ‘Sampler’ but cigars cut like fresh, taste and burn the same way.
Going back for more!!"
Gurkha Chairman's Select,5 out of 5,Cigars,Very nice burn
Gurkha Chairman's Select,5 out of 5,how can you go wrong,"how can you go wrong with gurkha? this one is great tasting and burns well, I just ordered more"
Gurkha Class Regent,3 out of 5,"Good, but no Churchill.","Sadly, the popularity of the Churchill has left CI out of stock. The Torpedo tries to fill big brother’s shoes, but does not measure up. It is OK but not great."
Gurkha Class Regent,5 out of 5,CI’s best cigar,"CI says this cigar ...”fell off the grid” sometime in the past. I just got another 5 boxes. It is the best cigar I have ever enjoyed. I have smoked most “top rated cigars”. I may quit smoking if I cannot get this cigar. It’s cap is fragile, cut it with a sharp V notch cutter. Get a box of Churchills. I don’t trust the 5 pack. I’m afraid if I rave too much, they’ll all be gone."
Gurkha Class Regent,5 out of 5,my #1,"love these baby's always consistent soft , smooth and stays lit for ever."
Gurkha Class Regent,4 out of 5,Gurkha Regent,"Good, even smoke. Does not bite and lasts at least two drinks..."
Gurkha Class Regent,5 out of 5,Great cigar,This is a well priced cigar that has great taste and burns well. One of my favorites.
Gurkha Class Regent,5 out of 5,Gurkha class regent,"Great cigar, the one I smoke all the time. 3-4 per day"
Gurkha Class Regent,4 out of 5,A Standard,"A nice, everyday smoke."
Gurkha Class Regent,4 out of 5,Best cigar for the money.,Best cigar for the money. My go to cigar.
Gurkha Class Regent,5 out of 5,Old favorite is back in my humidor.,"A long-time favorite; they seemed to disappear for a while but I'm glad to see then back. This review is about the torpedo but I've smoked the robusto and the churchill and the characteristics l describe are consistent throughout the lineup. Beautifully constructed - if you like box-pressed cigars, these are just to ticket - these guys are so sharp and defined, they cut have been precision machined. Easy draw, with an even burn throughout (which, unfortunately, I cant say about all Gurkhas). Flavorful and never hot or harsh - l would put them in the medium to even a bit mild range. There are stronger Gurkhas but none are better tasting."
Gurkha Class Regent,5 out of 5,Great cigar. Never disappointed in,Great cigar. Never disappointed in the smoke or burn time.
Gurkha Class Regent,5 out of 5,Gurkha Regent,"Full taste, burns slow and evenly. Find it to be an excellent stick for the price."
Gurkha Class Regent,4 out of 5,Rick and smooth smoke,Rick and smooth smoke
Gurkha Class Regent,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,This is one of my favorite cigars! Easy draw and robust flavor and not too spicy. Highly recommend for you humidor!
Gurkha Class Regent,5 out of 5,Gurkha,Great flavor with hints. Great cigar!
Gurkha Class Regent,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Gurkha Class Regent,4 out of 5,Shop Cigar,"This is one of my 5-6 go-to shop cigars. They last a good 2+ hours, you can set 'em down for 5-7 minutes and when you return they're still lit, and for the price point they're a great bargain. The flavors are good, although there's no transitions and not a lot of complexity; it's just a good solid long-lasting smoke."
Gurkha Class Regent,5 out of 5,"Good product, easy website and came on-time",Just robust enough but not too much or harsh. They are also nicely rolled and tight enough to burn well but draws well. I bought another box.
Gurkha Class Regent,3 out of 5,"RENAME CIGAR ""AUTUMN""","DISAPPOINTING ......AFTER DOING 5 STICKS....THERE IS A COMMON CONSISTENCY FOR THIS PARTICULAR REGENT....HALFWAY INTO THE SMOKE.....THE LEAVES BEGIN TO UNRAVEL.....IT GIVES ME THE FEELING OF
AUTUMN....THE TREES ARE SHEDDING THEIR LEAVES.....TASTE IS OK .....BUT I JUST STOP SHORTLY AFTER 3/4 OF
THE WAY TO AN ACTUAL FINISH."
Gurkha Class Regent,5 out of 5,An Absolute GEM !!,"I have smoked 10+ boxes of these, and can’t say enough good things about the Gurkha Class Regent Churchill. I enjoy many 90+ rated cigars, and have a large humidor with a broad variety. I have smoked many cigars that are “highly touted” and expensive that don’t come close to what this cigar delivers. I have never done a “review”... but feel compelled to do so now. Their only weakness is consistency and construction. And, they draw so easily ...so, they don’t carry a long ash. About 1 in 5 of these cigars will have a poorly done wrapper and be a disappointment. Use a good V notch cutter. So, please try these! Here is my email address. Let me know what you think!"
Gurkha Class Regent,4 out of 5,gurka regent cigars,really good smoke - gave one to a friend & he thought it also was a great cigar - I recommended that he go to your web site and order some of your products
Gurkha Class Regent,1 out of 5,These are not the Regent of before. Stale and terrible,I use to buy the Rent Toro and they were great for the money. These are not worth buying and I would like my money back or a credit. CI has always sent fresh product until now.
Gurkha Class Regent,4 out of 5,Classy!,Very nice cigar with rich flavors!!!
Gurkha Class Regent,5 out of 5,Gurkha Regent,This cigar is very balanced and good to the end. One of my favorites.
Gurkha Class Regent,4 out of 5,Good,Good
Gurkha Class Regent,5 out of 5,Gurkha Class Regent purchase,"Great product, Great price"
Gurkha Class Regent,5 out of 5,Great !,Great !
Gurkha Class Regent,4 out of 5,Not too bad,Great burn. Consistently good flavor throughout. Not the greatest of sticks but not wrong to keep around. Will try more Gurkha's.
Gurkha Class Regent,5 out of 5,Gurkha Class Regent Churchill,Good cigar. Can't go wrong with Gurka
Gurkha Class Regent,5 out of 5,Always a Favorite,Definitely one of my go to cigars. One I have no problem giving to a friend knowing they’ll love it too.
Gurkha Class Regent,5 out of 5,My Favorite,5 stars - my favorite cigar. Always a consistent flavor and draw at a great price. Arguably the best cigar value on the site. I've suggested it to several friends who agree.
Gurkha Class Regent,5 out of 5,Gurkha Regent,Great cigar with smooth taste through out to the last nub of the cigar. I recommend this smoke for the professional smokers out there. oh yeah of course you must have a great Single Malt Whiskey ( Kinahan's).
Gurkha Class Regent,5 out of 5,Girka cigars,My son loved the cigars and the nice case they came in which I got him for his birthday. Thank you.
Gurkha Class Regent,3 out of 5,Decent...Not Great,The cigar is well made but loosely wrapped. The draw is too light and the cigar doesn't do well in the wind. I'd say it's a solid 7 out of 10.
Gurkha Class Regent,5 out of 5,good smoke,none
Gurkha Class Regent,5 out of 5,Gurkha Class Regent Torpedo,This is my favorite cigar
Gurkha Class Regent,5 out of 5,High Value,"Best deal. I order a box a month. High quality, low price"
Gurkha Class Regent,5 out of 5,Good Smoke,It's an above average smoke for a Gurkha. I'm having to re-define my tastes and this one does it well.
Gurkha Class Regent,5 out of 5,Class is its middle name,"Nice draw, good slow burn"
Gurkha Class Regent,4 out of 5,3.5 stars OK,"Burned well thoughout, got better toward the second half, not as flavorful as I hoped - but I am a novice."
Gurkha Class Regent,5 out of 5,Can't go wrong!,"I received one of these in a sampler, the flavor and quality for the price is incredible.
The flavors that I taste are buttery, earthy, with very mild hints of chocolate."
Gurkha Class Regent,5 out of 5,Dice,"I much would rather smoke a full bodied cigar, but these Regents are outstanding. And they are a great smoke for those ladies that aren't regular smokers, but want to smoke a cigar. Bottom line...Regents are just a real good cigar."
Gurkha Class Regent,4 out of 5,Good for the money,Good cigar for the money
Gurkha Class Regent,5 out of 5,Gurkha's,"Very good product,although the draw on some was not as good as others. But still a good product & a great value. I will continue to order my cigars from. "" C I "" . Jim in S D Ca."
Gurkha Class Regent,5 out of 5,Very good and satisfying with,Very good and satisfying with every pull
Gurkha Class Regent,5 out of 5,Hudson Bay by Gurkha,This brand and label is excellent
Gurkha Class Regent,5 out of 5,Awesome SMOKE!!!!!,Awesome SMOKE!! As is the case with any GURKHA Cigar!!! An absolute MUST for your Humidor
Gurkha Class Regent,4 out of 5,Decent Gurkha,"I bought these thinking they would be a knock around cigar, or one I would light up when I knew there was a chance I may get interrupted and not finish it. I was pleasantly surprised with the construction and burn, which are excellent. Flavor is ok, nothing great but not too bad either. Definitely worth a buy off the clearance rack which was where I found them."
Gurkha Class Regent,5 out of 5,Buy two boxes and stock your humidor with these now!,My favorite daily cigar -- consistency and flavor all in one -- I've had hundreds of these and have never been disappointed. It has the taste & feel of a super premium with a bargain basement price.
Gurkha Class Regent,5 out of 5,Possibly life changing...,"My one word review: DREAMY. A lengthier review: as a woman who enjoys cigars, I enjoy a variety: spicy every once in a while, and earthier ones as well, like this Gurkha - This was smooooooth to the nub. Boutique indeed. Hint of cocoa flavor and aroma made this a very special treat. Creamy smoke, with a sweet aftertaste. Wrapper is smooth as velvet. This is my first review on the CI site, I couldn't resist singing it's praises."
Gurkha Class Regent,3 out of 5,Going Golfing,Good for the price! Great for the golf course.
Gurkha Classic Havana,4 out of 5,A very good cigar and,A very good cigar and one of my favorite. Been smoking this for a few years and early on there was a construction problem but that has been corrected
Gurkha Classic Havana,5 out of 5,New favorite,Great cigar
Gurkha Classic Havana,5 out of 5,Highly recommned,"outstanding, a nice clean and smooth smoke"
Gurkha Classic Havana,4 out of 5,I Likes 'Em,I like em pretty awful much. If the rest of the stick was as good as the finger burnin' part I would give em 5 stars.
Gurkha Classic Havana,5 out of 5,great brand,smooth all the way to the end
Gurkha Classic Havana,5 out of 5,great cigar,like it good smoke
Gurkha Classic Havana,5 out of 5,Best Gurkha I've had.,This cigar sure did it for me. Gorgeous appearance and construction. I see complaints about the band in other listings but I had zero issues. Burn was perfect and they stayed solid as an unlit cigar right to the nub. I got a great honey flavor from these. Not a sweetness but a honey note. Very toasty tasting complex cigar with just the right amount of pepper. I typically find Gurkhas good/decent but underwhelming in complexity and strength. This medium-full strength Gurkha is one of my new favorites and is definately the best Gurkha I've had!
Gurkha Classic Havana,5 out of 5,Very Surprised!!!,A very surprisingly smooth stick.
Gurkha Classic Havana,5 out of 5,Agrees with me.,My favorite Gurkha. Reminds if the Edge Maduro but a tick below in strength. One dimensional earthy mild black pepper but a really nice sweet ripe fruit and pepper on the retro hail. Burns quick the first 3rd but slows down the last 2/3rds. Next time Joe has them will get more.
Gurkha Classic Havana,5 out of 5,Favorite Gurkha stick,This is my favorite Gurkha stick so far....it is in my favorite profile range..middle....creamy with a slight peppery bite....construction good so far...only had one stick that was hard to draw....will keep this in stock in my humidor
Gurkha Classic Havana,4 out of 5,Tasty Box Pressed cigars,Great classic flavor from start to finish. WIll add these to my follow on purchases for sure.
Gurkha Classic Havana,5 out of 5,Ghurka Havana,A very nice smoke. A must for the humidor.
Gurkha Classic Havana,5 out of 5,Nothing but greatness!,Great all around smoke!
Gurkha Classic Havana,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Came nice and fresh didn't have to leave in the humidor nice even smoke with great flavor
Gurkha Classic Havana,5 out of 5,Gurkha Havana Blend,Compelling balance of earth and spice.
Gurkha Classic Havana,5 out of 5,Havana blend,I love these cigars. Great flavor and taste.
Gurkha Classic Havana,5 out of 5,Great price,Love these sticks. Could not pass up on the price. Thanks CI.
Gurkha Classic Havana,4 out of 5,"Smooth smoke, at a fair","Smooth smoke, at a fair price."
Gurkha Classic Havana,5 out of 5,Good,Good
Gurkha Classic Havana,5 out of 5,Havana classic,"Great stick,fantastic burn"
Gurkha Classic Havana,4 out of 5,"very nice smoke , great taste , BUT will not buy again , they fall apart .","very good smoke , the first couple were great, since then when you try to remove the label the wrapper comes off with the label , to much glue ? , also they are very dry , have had them in the humidor at 80 % for two weeks , still very dry."
Gurkha Classic Havana,5 out of 5,Love them,Love them
Gurkha Classic Havana,5 out of 5,Havana,Unique taste you can’t describe it but cigar is awesome in my top ten of cigars period.
Gurkha Classic Havana,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar at an excellent,Excellent cigar at an excellent price!
Gurkha Classic Havana,5 out of 5,"WOW , Awesome, a great smoke.","Now this is an awesome cigar, so far it is the best Cigar I have gotten from C I ."
Gurkha Classic Havana,5 out of 5,"My husbands ""Go to"" cigar favorite","My husband keeps over 150 cigars from notable brands. But when he wants to impress a guest, he gets a couple of Gurkha Havana's!"
Gurkha Classic Havana,5 out of 5,Superb,One one the best non Cubans
Gurkha Classic Havana,5 out of 5,Smooth,Great cigar. Great flavor and smooth throughout. Draws well and leaves you satisfied every time. Highly recommend these guys.
Gurkha Classic Havana,3 out of 5,Quite good but not great,"This is a solid cigar, with a medium body and good construction/draw/burn. There's caramel and earth and other flavors, but like most Gurkhas, this just isn't for me. I will keep trying them from time-to-time, but they just don't have the umph that I'm looking for."
Gurkha Classic Havana,3 out of 5,Extremely peppery thought the 2nd,Extremely peppery thought the 2nd but the finish is alright I would not buy again
Gurkha Classic Havana,2 out of 5,Would not buy.,"Recieved this cigar in the Mystery Sampler. Good looks and a good draw, but that's about it. It started off kind of harsh. By the second third it got a little better. Definitely earthy and some spice and a very slight hint of chocolate ""Just barely"". I definitely would not buy it."
Gurkha Classic Havana,3 out of 5,Okay,No real flavor. A Little harsh at the beginning.
Gurkha Classic Havana,5 out of 5,Smooth and Delicious,I enjoyed this cigar very much as it was nicely balanced with a creamy well aged tobacco finish!
Gurkha Classic Havana,5 out of 5,Gurkha Classic,"I love this stick. Nice, mellow and mild taste."
Gurkha Classic Havana,5 out of 5,Found in a sampler - became my #1 Gurkha!,"First ran into this cigar in my Gurkha Gargantuan Grab Bag sampler from CI. I was so surprised by this gem that I ordered another five pack. This has become my #1 Gurkha so far! The construction, draw and light were all excellent for me. The flavor and aroma were very distinct. I pair it with my favorite rum, sit back and enjoy the smoke."
Gurkha Classic Havana,5 out of 5,Very Pleasantly Surprised,"I was unsure about this stick when I ordered it. Then I smoked it, and I was very happy with my purchase. The wrapper is oily and the cigar has a very good, earthy taste with an easy draw. The meatiness starts shortly after the light-up. I enjoyed it so much, I almost burnt my fingertips before discarding it. Then I ordered 3 more five packs. Very happy."
Gurkha Classic Havana,5 out of 5,Very good need a free pack,"These are very good Gurkhas, my favorite Gurkha cigar. Wish you can send me a free pack."
Gurkha Classic Havana,5 out of 5,Perfect Cigar,Very nice draw and perfect medium strength cigar.
Gurkha Classic Havana,1 out of 5,Gurkha classic havana toro,"After buying several Gurkha sampler packs, I bought a box of the Classic Havana's which I enjoyed. I smoked four of the box of 24 and three of them developed a 2.5 inch canoe along the same surface. I had to cut them in half to even finish the smoke which by then looked like an exploding cigar. I sent them back for the as advertised ""pro rata"" refund."
Gurkha Classic Havana,5 out of 5,A pleasant surprise,Nice medium cigar smokes we’ll end to end will order more
Gurkha Classic Havana,5 out of 5,Gurkha Havana,This is my go-to smoke. It's full bodied but smooth - very consistent right to the nub. I would recommend this cigar to any enthusiast looking fir the Cadillac of cigars. This is it!
Gurkha Classic Havana,1 out of 5,"Terrible, loose pack","Terrible, loose pack"
Gurkha Classic Havana,5 out of 5,Classic Havana,This is one of the best cigars I have ever smoked. Flavorful but not harsh. A very tasty mellow smoke.
Gurkha Classic Havana,1 out of 5,This is gurkha,"Hands down the most poorly constructed cigar I've ever smoked. When they say Gurkhas have fireproof wrappers, the Havana blend should be exhibit #1. Not good tobacco or construction. Avoid at all costs."
Gurkha Classic Havana,5 out of 5,Gurka havana review,One of the best smokes I've ever had. It has a rich and smooth flavor and an easy draw. I'll always have these in the box. 5 star smoke
Gurkha Classic Havana,1 out of 5,I did not like the cigars they were not mild as advertised and fell apart when I smoked them.,Did not like them.
Gurkha Classic Havana,5 out of 5,Gorgeous smoke,Lives up to its reputation of a spicy cigar! Full of flavour and a joy to smoke.
Gurkha Classic Havana,5 out of 5,Cigars,Great smoke
Gurkha Classic Havana,5 out of 5,Gurka,Great full body smoke
Gurkha Classic Havana,5 out of 5,Gurkha Classic,Great Cigar with a great flavor and a nice smoke!
Gurkha Crest,3 out of 5,Decent Overall,"Decent cigar. Very approachable, smooth and not very ""strong."" A blend of coffee, earth, and cocoa. The flavor doesn't linger in your mouth for very long. I like the Gurkha Archive more than this one because the flavors are more complex. Smokes well, but draw is kind of tight. Not bad overall, but better options in this price range."
Gurkha Crest,5 out of 5,Comparable to a mid grade Cuban Monte 2,"These are excellent. I’ve always hated Gurkha just because Kaizad always seems like such a snake oil salesman. But this Gurkha Crest......if you had put a Habanos Montecristo no.2 band on it, I would have thought it was a middle of the road Monte 2. Not a great one but a good Monte 2. No kidding!"
Gurkha Crest,4 out of 5,Gurka doesn't dissappoint.,Gurka doesn't dissappoint.
Gurkha Crest,5 out of 5,Great stick,Great stick
Gurkha Crest,5 out of 5,awesome cigar awesome price,awesome cigar awesome price
Gurkha Crest,5 out of 5,❤,❤
Gurkha Crest,4 out of 5,Ok,Ok
Gurkha Crest,5 out of 5,Great Cigars and Great Deals,Great Cigars and Great Deals
Gurkha Crest,5 out of 5,Good timing. Good price.,Good timing. Good price.
Gurkha Crest,5 out of 5,Good Cigar at Unbeatable Price,This is an eminently smokeable cigar at an unbeatable price.
Gurkha Crest,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,Great cigar!
Gurkha Crest,4 out of 5,good cigar for the price.,good cigar for the price. seems to run more than I'd like but otherwise I'd buy again
Gurkha Crest,5 out of 5,Gurkha Crest,I’m a true Gurkha fan and this Crest is an excellent smoke. CI always make it a joy to order as well.
Gurkha Crest,4 out of 5,gurka crest xo,I thought they were very good. The smoke wise a little more than medium yet mild. I really liked it.
Gurkha Crest,4 out of 5,Ghurka,Good draw from a tight wrap. Starts out with a light woody flavor and finishes bold
Gurkha Crest,5 out of 5,Great,One of the best of the best
Gurkha Crest,1 out of 5,Never again,Lots of caving and to harsh for me!
Gurkha Crest,5 out of 5,GOVENOR'S,VERY GOOD
Gurkha Crest,4 out of 5,Great taste,Great taste
Gurkha Crest,5 out of 5,Crest....One of the best.,"I've been lucky enough to score a few of these gems recently. So far, all have been excellent. Light it once, smooth even burn down to the nub, satisfying, but not too ""in your face"" for casual cigar smokers."
Gurkha Crest,5 out of 5,Good pull,Great pull on every stick.
Gurkha Crest,5 out of 5,Love the quality of choices,Love the quality of choices
Gurkha Crest,5 out of 5,Quality cigar at a discount price,Great cigars at a price I still can’t believe!
Gurkha Crest,3 out of 5,Hollow draw,"Trying to describe the hollowness of the draw. I was puffing, but the smoke was not coming through in a smooth manner. I would not buy those again"
Gurkha Crest,5 out of 5,Another Winner,"Great taste, easy draw, smooth and quite satisfying. Like all the other Gurkhas that I have tried, it's a winner."
Gurkha Crest,5 out of 5,Gurkha Crest XO,"I always enjoy Gurkha cigars. They are consistently good tasting, well burning and not harsh. Plus they always are at a good price point. Crest xo is no exception a great smoke for the price and an enjoyable cigar that you look forward to."
Gurkha Crest,3 out of 5,Good backyard smoke,Not bad for the price
Gurkha Crest,5 out of 5,Very good service,Great satisfaction
Gurkha Crest,5 out of 5,gurkha crest torpedo,nice smooth taste with a sweetness at the end
Gurkha Crest,4 out of 5,Good Cigar,Not too strong for a Maduro wrapper- smooth flavor.
Gurkha Crest,3 out of 5,Gurkha Crest Torpedo,Hard to keep lit.
Gurkha Crest,5 out of 5,The love of C.I. and Cuba,I recently lost my father and I was his main care taker here in mobile al .My siblings planned me a retreat and had me flown to Cuba to relieve me of the stress of work and taking care of my father . Some of my enjoyable times when my dad was living were setting up the monitor were I could hear my dads call (because he was bed ridden) and a cigar and toddy and think of the great time I had in Cuba ... C.I. has gave me an affordable way of doing that .....THANKS
Gurkha Crest,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,"I bought these on a deal. I must say, I’ve paid premium prices for lesser cigars. This smoke starts off smooth. The aroma is as pleasant as the taste. With a correct cut and light, I experienced zero tongue burn. As the cigar burns down, the flavors overlap and change to create one of the most satisfying and complex cigars I’ve had. The Gurkha Crest is not only smooth and complex through the entirety of the experience, but remains a quality experience near the end of the cigar. I enjoyed this cigar far past the wrapper. I experienced zero bitterness with a much less than expected change in end-user heat.
I highly suggest this cigar. Wether on sale or full price, it is worth every penny."
Gurkha Crest,5 out of 5,Package got here on time wrap professionally no issues with shipment,Package got here on time wrap professionally no issues with shipment
Gurkha Crest,1 out of 5,Very Poor Quality,"3 out of 4 cigars so far don’t burn evenly, wrap unravels. I’ve had issues before with Gurkha and thought I’d try one more time. Never again."
Gurkha Crest,5 out of 5,"Very good products, very good","Very good products, very good service. No complaint."
Gurkha Crest,5 out of 5,Connecticut Yankee,Great cigars at a fair cost.
Gurkha Crest,5 out of 5,FineSt cigars,Very fine cigars. Best experience so far Same with La for Dominicana. ..
Gurkha Crest,3 out of 5,Construction is not up to normal standards,"Good blend, but, again, disappointed with overall construction."
Gurkha Crest,5 out of 5,"A tasty, slow burn.","Very good cigar! Well done, Gurkha."
Gurkha Crest,2 out of 5,Disappointing Gurkha,"I am a great admirer of Gurkha cigars, but this one is not good in terms of construction and flavor. In some sticks, the draw was hopelessly tight that I just had to throw them away. I will charge them to experience."
Gurkha Crest,5 out of 5,The crest,Smooth and flavorful
Gurkha Crest,5 out of 5,Pissah cigar,probably the best daily cigar and I can smoke and the crest makes me look good every time I am herfing
Gurkha Crest,5 out of 5,Solid smoke,Very flavorful. Not overpowering.
Gurkha Crest,4 out of 5,Good value and flavor.,Good value and flavor.
Gurkha Crest,4 out of 5,Solid,Solid
Gurkha Crest,5 out of 5,Gurkha Crest Torpedo = Awesome,I bought a box of 20. Was anxious to try it and wasn’t thrilled. So I left in the humidor for an extra 2-3 weeks and it was fantastic
Gurkha Crest,5 out of 5,"Art, Beauty and Tastebuds are subjective","I realize that the appreciation of art and flavor are subjective. Also, that beauty is in the eye of the beer holder. That stated, in my mind this was the best cigar that I have ever had. I gave one to a friend who is an eficianado and leans primarily towards the full flavored realm. He also commended this as a great cigar. Another friend and I each purchased the same deal and we split the cost of the express shipping. The cigars were in our hands on the west coast very quickly. I highly recommend these cigars and the express shipping. Great value, great cigars. Cheers, EricD"
Gurkha Crest,4 out of 5,Gurkha Crest Torpedo Review,"I got them on sale, very good value for the price. Solid flavor, they burn well, and CI's rating of their strength was accurate. I'll likely order them again."
Gurkha Crest,5 out of 5,Excellent!,Excellent!
Gurkha Dakar,5 out of 5,Nice quality And nice smoke,"Nice cigar just was dried up, and needed time in the humidor...about 4 weeks"
Gurkha Dakar,4 out of 5,Good Value,Good but not as good as Black Dragon.
Gurkha Dakar,4 out of 5,Nice smoke.,Nice smoke.
Gurkha Dakar,5 out of 5,CIgar International IS THE BEST!!!!,"Had a shipping issue,,but Cigars International prevailed,,the made the problem right,,and I wont order from any other cigar company ever,,thanks again Cigar International 10 ☆s"
Gurkha Dakar,5 out of 5,A Smooth cigar that you don't see it coming,"Very smooth and underrated smoke from Gurkha. Mellow yet medium body giving you that flavor that takes on the unbelievable vacation and draws you to a cool, spring day with a glass of Glenlivet 15yr old single barrelled scotch."
Gurkha Dakar,5 out of 5,A Smooth cigar that you don't see it coming,"Very smooth and underrated smoke from Gurkha. Mellow yet medium body giving you that flavor that draws you to a cool, spring day with a glass of Glenlivet 15yr old single barrelled scotch."
Gurkha Dakar,5 out of 5,A Pleasure to Smoke,"I enjoyed the slow, cool smoke of this cigar."
Gurkha Dakar,5 out of 5,Always great prices and quality,Always great prices and quality product...
Gurkha Dakar,5 out of 5,Excellent taste for the money,Gurkha continues to put out a great product for a realistic price. Good taste and enjoyable anytime of day.
Gurkha Dakar,4 out of 5,Gurkha Dakar Churchill.,I bought this cigar because I tend to like Gurkha cigars and these were on sale. I was not disappointed. These are a medium strength cigar with earthy and leathery tones all thru the smoke. I've burned about a dozen and have a consistently even enough ( not razor thing but very even ) burn. None have unwrapped on me either. To say I'm satisfied is understating a little. I'm very happy with these gems from Gurkha. If you like Gurkha cigars you'll really enjoy these Dakar Churchills.
Gurkha Dakar,5 out of 5,Awesome,Enjoyed very much
Gurkha Dakar,5 out of 5,"Great cigars, great price!!!","Great cigars, great price!!!"
Gurkha Doble Maduro,3 out of 5,Too Mellow,"It doesn’t taste bad, but it’s way too mellow for me, even as a first smoke of the day."
Gurkha Doble Maduro,4 out of 5,Yummy,"Lots of flavor, but not too strong, good smoke"
Gurkha Doble Maduro,5 out of 5,Good,Good
Gurkha Doble Maduro,5 out of 5,Very good cigar right to,Very good cigar right to the end
Gurkha Doble Maduro,5 out of 5,Tenderloin for Maduro Lovers,Beautifully made. Burns well. Excellent flavor. Medium body. Can't go wrong.
Gurkha Doble Maduro,5 out of 5,Double Maduro Pleasure,"This is an overall mild to medium smoke, for me. Right down my alley. It looks strong but is a pleasure to smoke. Good flavor right down to the nub."
Gurkha Doble Maduro,5 out of 5,Great,"Great Tasting Cigar. Well built , Great Draw , even burn. Definitely a premium Cigar."
Gurkha Doble Maduro,5 out of 5,Satisfied,"Great cigar, great deal !!!"
Gurkha Doble Maduro,5 out of 5,Awesome smoke!,"Bought a 10 pack and was thoroughly impressed. So much so that I just made an offer for 20 more. Come on guys, accept my offer!
This will replace my montecristo as my new go to."
Gurkha Doble Maduro,5 out of 5,GURKA DOUBLE MADURO,I LIKE GURKA CIGARS SO I THOUGHT I'D TRY THESE AND AS BEFORE I WAS PLEASED WITH THEM. A FRIEND AND I WERE AT A CIGAR LOUNGE WE BOTH LIT UP AND ALMOST SIMULTANEOUSLY SAID THE LIGHTING SMELLED GREAT.ALMOST TWO HOURS LATER WE WERE BOTH JUST AS HAPPY THE SMOKE AS WHEN WE FIRST LIT UP. IN FACT DURING THE TWO HOURS MY FRIEND BOUGHT 10 FOR HIMSELF HE LIKED THEM SO WELL. I TOO WILL PURCHASE THEM AGAIN. FANTASTIC STICK!!!
Gurkha Doble Maduro,5 out of 5,"Great site, great cigars, great","Great site, great cigars, great prices, great delivery. Did I mention great?"
Gurkha Doble Maduro,5 out of 5,Love most things Maduro,"Great way to enjoy a good round of Golf ,has a great taste and a nice even burn 😎"
Gurkha Doble Maduro,4 out of 5,Double maduro,Good cigar.. bold steady and good burn..
Gurkha Doble Maduro,3 out of 5,Decent smoke for the price,Decent smoke for the price
Gurkha Doble Maduro,5 out of 5,Go to Gurkha Double Maduro,"Excellent medium body smoke. Good flavor, consistent draw and burn. Impressive and a great price!"
Gurkha Doble Maduro,4 out of 5,Good smoke for the money,Good smoke for the money
Gurkha Doble Maduro,5 out of 5,With a super taste,The double Robusto have some enrich kick
Gurkha Doble Maduro,5 out of 5,Gurkha Doble Maduro Double Rothschild,Very good cigar for the price. Gurkha is always my backup when La Gloria Cubana Serie R is not available.
Gurkha Doble Maduro,4 out of 5,Gurkhaaaa,"Again, Gurkha comes through.
Very very very very mild."
Gurkha Doble Maduro,4 out of 5,Gurkha doesn't dissapoint,"Finishing up my 3rd of this 10 pack and it's worth every penny. Much more complex than I expected. It has some unique oily flavors that I can't quite identify, but there's plenty of cedar, nut and white pepper. It would be a 5 star if it burned a little cooler. The draw is somewhat loose."
Gurkha Doble Maduro,5 out of 5,Gurkha,Very nice cigar. Mild to Medium in strength and very smooth from beginning to end
Gurkha Doble Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent cigars,Excellent cigars
Gurkha Doble Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Great cigar for the price
Gurkha Doble Maduro,4 out of 5,Good Value,"More like 4.5 stars. Not 5 only because of my personal preferences. Very, very, good cigar. Well made, burnt evenly and had a nice white ash. Tastes good too! Good value."
Gurkha Doble Maduro,4 out of 5,Gurkha Doble Maduro Gordo,"Good flavor, good smoke, I've had a few uneven burns, but I will definitely buying these cigars again."
Gurkha Doble Maduro,4 out of 5,Simply a Masterpiece Maduro,"Very nice flavors, burn is pretty good too. Simply a masterpiece maduro."
Gurkha Doble Maduro,3 out of 5,Gurkha,"cigars seem a little on the dry side, but other then that not a bad cigar"
Gurkha Doble Maduro,4 out of 5,better than average,"Good flavor, long smoke, would buy them again. Mine have a tendency begin cracking half way through the smoke."
Gurkha Doble Maduro,3 out of 5,"Great taste, but difficult to smoke it down past the cigar band","While I really liked the taste of this cigar, other people thought it smelled weird (people who normally like my cigar smoke), and its construction left a little to be desired. I had trouble punching the tip without causing a crack, and if it did crack it held together OK, but when the top completely unraveled when I took off the cigar band, it looked (internally) like a cheap machine rolled cigar - there were horizontal ""sticks"" of rolled tobacco inside the wrapper. Probably won't buy again but I did like the flavor."
Gurkha Doble Maduro,5 out of 5,Wow!,A strong spicy smoke.
Gurkha Doble Maduro,5 out of 5,Sweet,Love the cigars nice even burn great draw will definitely order again
Gurkha Doble Maduro,4 out of 5,Overall Pretty Good!!!,I liked these cigars. They had a good medium to full flavor and had a nice draw on them. I was looking for a decent cigar and they hit the spot. I would definitely buy them again. I have put them on my repeat list.
Gurkha Doble Maduro,4 out of 5,Good every day Cigar,Nice cigar with a nice burn and decent flavor.
Gurkha Doble Maduro,5 out of 5,Wonderful Puffs,"The Gurkha Doble Double Maduro is a wonderful puff. It moves the soft sweetness of the maduro through tastes of chocolate overtones, rye bread, and buckwheat cakes. The mellowness surprised me. Only wish it came in a panatela or corona so I could actually hold it in my mouth while driving. I'm saving up to get more of these."
Gurkha Doble Maduro,3 out of 5,ok flavor,Ok smoke
Gurkha Doble Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent Customer Service!,"I ordered over the holiday, and promptly received a phone call ensuring that I understand the amended shipping arrangements for the weekend.
Completely unexpected, and very much appreciated!"
Gurkha Doble Maduro,5 out of 5,OUTSTANDING,OUTSTANDING
Gurkha Doble Maduro,5 out of 5,Joe GOOD'ONE,"Very tasty , good smoke , Excellent aroma , pretty good value [ for me ]"
Gurkha Doble Maduro,5 out of 5,OK.,"Glad I got them on a deal. As with others from CI, they seem to be dried out. Old stock?"
Gurkha Doble Maduro,5 out of 5,A Favorite.,"I'm glad this cigar is back after a few year absence. Different label, but same great cigar."
Gurkha Doble Maduro,3 out of 5,It's an ok smoke,It's an ok smoke
Gurkha Doble Maduro,4 out of 5,Pretty good,"Not into large cigars,but this one is pretty good."
Gurkha Doble Maduro,5 out of 5,Gift,"Arrives quickly, great prices!"
Gurkha Doble Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,"Very dry when I got them but after a week or so in the humidor they were just fine.
Good construction, good draw, good even burn and GREAT flavor!
Given some to my son in law and a couple of friends and everyone loves them.
Will I buy again? You bet!"
Gurkha Doble Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Taste - Great Value!,"Really nice cigar. I think the original had a little more ""pepper"" aftertaste, which I love. However, new cigar is a really nice smoke. Lots of thick smoke, easy draw (I could only hold off about two weeks of humidor time) and nice even burn-though it did light a little uneven. I'm not an everyday smoker and even though I love the taste of Maduro cigars the nicotine can be too much-these were not too much."
Gurkha Doble Maduro,5 out of 5,Good smoke,"I got these for my Nephew while he was on leave from the Army. I personally liked this cigar, but rate it as an average to a better than average smoke. My Nephew, Dad and Brother all asked me to stick one or two in their Christmas bags, so they all rated them pretty highly.
I don't think you can go wrong with this cigar."
Gurkha Doble Maduro,1 out of 5,Very Dry,These cigars are very dry. They fall apart before I can finish them. A waste of money.
Gurkha Doble Maduro,5 out of 5,Amazing Grace!,These were discontinued quite a few years ago! I'm surprised to see them on Your site! Hands down this is by far the most enjoyable Maduro cigar that I have ever smoked. I mean awesome! Better get a few You wont regret it! You will however regret that You didn't get more of them!
Gurkha Doble Maduro,5 out of 5,I would marry this cigar if it could procreate,"Really surprised to see there were no reviews for this. I've smoked literally countless cigars for about fifteen years now, and in recent years, Gurkha had emerged as my favorite brand. The cost, the quality, the dizzying array of makes and flavors. However, when I recently fired one of these bad boys up from my sampler, it stopped me in my tracks. Thunderstruck, i immediately knew this could be the most luscious and decadent cigar I've ever smoked!!! And indeed it was, all throughout. CI's own rapturous description is by no means an exaggeration. And there happened to be two in the sampler so I know it wasn't a fluke. Could not recommend enough!"
Gurkha Elegance,5 out of 5,A Go To for Mild To Medium Sessions,"This is a really nice cigar if you are looking for a mild bodied experience. It's great over a cup of coffee alone, and even better with company and good conversation. There is no bite what so ever. Great flavor with an easy draw and an even burn. You really get into the meat of this cigar after the first 1/3 and going into the 2/3. Very complimentary for an early morning smoke when you want to keep things on the mild side of the tracks, but with good taste and flavor."
Gurkha Elegance,5 out of 5,love this,"this cigars is very equilibrate. plenty favors. the construction of cigars is perfect.
love this"
Gurkha Elegance,4 out of 5,Smooth,Nice mild cigar. Burns evenly.
Gurkha Elegance,5 out of 5,fairly mild and has a,fairly mild and has a great aroma
Gurkha Elegance,5 out of 5,What a great cigar should be.,These are amazing cigars got one through a sampler. now these and Gurkha status are one my favorite cigars great draw and flavor.
Gurkha Elegance,5 out of 5,Understated and under appreciated.,"I find the Elegance to be a great relaxing smoke, smooth, creamy and flavorful. I usually get them in a sampler pack and they are definitely not fodder or filler. I put it close to the Symphony, one of Gurkha's best in my book."
Gurkha Elegance,4 out of 5,WORTH SAVING FOR A SPECIAL OCCASION,Favorite Gurkha ever.
Gurkha Elegance,5 out of 5,Good and Bad,"The cigars are fine, not a good as the Beauty's they came with but no objections. What did not come and I have sent you a notice and still not result is the lighter that was supposed to ship with the package."
Gurkha Elegance,5 out of 5,Favorite Go To Cigar,I find Elegance to be in my top 5 Gurkha cigars. Always a perfect choice for any occasion. Medium taste and smooth to the end.
Gurkha Elegance,5 out of 5,Great,What can I say about Gurkha? Great cigars and always consistent.
Gurkha Elegance,5 out of 5,good after dinner smoke,good after dinner smoke
Gurkha Elegance,4 out of 5,Smooth,Clean burn all the way through. Nice crisp flavor with little to no harshness.
Gurkha Elegance,4 out of 5,Good,Good
Gurkha Elegance,5 out of 5,These are a great smoke,These are a great smoke burned even while way with great flavors
Gurkha Elegance,5 out of 5,Great smoke at a great,Great smoke at a great price.
Gurkha Elegance,4 out of 5,Easy smoke,"I gave my stick's a week in the humador before I tried one. Very good smoke, even burn and tasty on the palate. You can't go wrong with these."
Gurkha Elegance,5 out of 5,The best of the lot,"Gurkha makes more Connecticut wrapped blends than anybody can keep track of. I have tried a lot of them, but certainly not all of them. The Elegance is the best I have found, with a truly distinctive flavor profile."
Gurkha Elegance,5 out of 5,Very complex for a mild cigar! Delicious,I got this cigar and a sampler pack for Christmas. Gurkha has always been one of my most favorite cigars. This particular cigar was very creamy and had lots of spice which I enjoyed very much and had never experienced in a cigar before. I used to rate the Beast as my favorite now it has competition
Gurkha Elegance,5 out of 5,One of my all time favorates.,"So far, this continues to be my favorite Gurkha cigar. At my age I can now only enjoy the mild to medium bodied cigars and this one is perfect. In fact this is one of my top five cigars of any brands. Equal to many of the Havana cigars I smoked prior to 1959. Good taste, long lasting. A real finger burner."
Gurkha Elegance,5 out of 5,"Great selection, fast delivery and","Great selection, fast delivery and easy to order"
Gurkha Epicure,5 out of 5,👍👍,👍👍
Gurkha Epicure,5 out of 5,On My List!,"This is a very well constructed, even burning cigar. I would place the strength at just slightly above medium and the flavor is very pleasant and quite satisfying but not overly complex and is very consistent from beginning to end."
Gurkha Epicure,5 out of 5,Special,The cigars were a special offered that was amazing. With the free shipping it was a no brainer. They smoke smooth and are well wrapped. Thanks for the offer.
Gurkha Epicure,5 out of 5,Quick Delivery,"As always, order to delivery was easy and quick. Contents in excellent condition. Very satisfied long term customer"
Gurkha Epicure,5 out of 5,Couldn't ask for more,One of the best cigars I've had. Great flavor and perfect combination of on open draw and long burn.
Gurkha Epicure,5 out of 5,Gurkha,I don't think you can ever go wrong with a Gurkha
Gurkha Epicure,5 out of 5,Gurkha epicure cubra,Awesome cigar great taste & beautiful oily wrapper ..... another Gurkha success
Gurkha Epicure,5 out of 5,Gurkha Epicure Cuba,Great smoke at a great price.
Gurkha Epicure,5 out of 5,Smooth medium-bodied smoke,Smooth medium-bodied smoke
Gurkha Epicure,4 out of 5,great value,This is a great value stogie that ranks up there with 90+ ranked sticks.
Gurkha Epicure,5 out of 5,Gurkha epicure,Awesome cigar.... one of my new favorite.
Gurkha Epicure,4 out of 5,Newer premium release...,"Smooth about of the middle of the road Flavor profile, Leaning too bold, leather in spice..."
Gurkha Epicure,5 out of 5,Great freebies,Great freebies
Gurkha Epicure,5 out of 5,Gurkha Epicure Cubra,Excellent product and great price.
Gurkha Epicure,5 out of 5,Nice stick!,Great flavor! Smoked really well.
Gurkha Epicure,3 out of 5,Over price brand,I really don’t find the Gurkha brand to provide the quality and flavor for a cigar with such a high retail price.
Gurkha Epicure,5 out of 5,One of the best,"One of the best I’ve had. Mellow, creamy, a lot of smoke. Tinge of sweetness."
Gurkha Epicure,5 out of 5,Another great one from Gurkha.,Great cigar!
Gurkha Epicure,5 out of 5,Flawless,Loved it!!!
Gurkha Epicure,5 out of 5,Gurkha Epicure Cubra,"Great cigars, Like the size and a long lasting smoke"
Gurkha Evil,5 out of 5,Evil,"One of my have to have, I like everything about this smoke !!"
Gurkha Evil,5 out of 5,This is a very good cigar. I felt good whenever I smoked this.,it is fantastic
Gurkha Evil,5 out of 5,Evil good,One of the smoothest I've had
Gurkha Evil,4 out of 5,Great Cigar,Great Cigar
Gurkha Evil,5 out of 5,Price is Right!,"Just beginning to sort out the various Gurkha I purchased, have tried just one, Evil Toro thus far, and I was impressed with the taste and drawl..."
Gurkha Evil,5 out of 5,My favorite,Nice full bodied smoke and its smooth
Gurkha Evil,4 out of 5,A cigar experience that gives a happy ending.,"The first half gave a nice peppery start that's strong yet mild at the same time, but the last half was the most satisfying. This cigar wrapped up with a pleasant, creamy bread flavor that was very prominent. I'm still freshly into the cigar scene, but this was the best end experience I've had thus far."
Gurkha Evil,5 out of 5,Evil is as evil does,Great cigar. Good burn perfect flavor
Gurkha Evil,4 out of 5,Great Gurkha as usual,Has a very easy draw. Good smoke plume. Not an over powering flavor. To me it was about mild to medium. Great paired with mild lager beer.
Gurkha Evil,5 out of 5,Mother lode Magic,"My man LOVED this gift. We are in Michigan so he is anxiously awaiting a campfire, bourbon and a long, tight ash."
Gurkha Evil,5 out of 5,Smooth,This cigar is so smooth it’s like smoking silk!
Gurkha Evil,5 out of 5,Gurkha Evil,"My favorite cigar by far. Smooth, strong enough to get my attention, leathery with a hint of chocolate."
Gurkha Evil,5 out of 5,Lots of smoke,"Not a huge fan of Gurkha but the Evil is one I like. Lots of smoke, good flavor & stays lit."
Gurkha Evil,5 out of 5,My favorite cigar,"Meaty, strong, creamy. Best cigar I’ve ever had."
Gurkha Evil,5 out of 5,Evil,Great everyday smoke
Gurkha Evil,4 out of 5,Awesome,A great smoke
Gurkha Evil,4 out of 5,like them very much,like them very much
Gurkha Evil,4 out of 5,Not bad good deal in the sampler,I bought this stick for the Brazilian wrapper and I tend to prefer the Nicaraguan fillers over to Dominican I'm giving this stick for stars because it's the top of the medium body. My first stick didn't draw very well but now I'm on my third and it's doing pretty well if you like a Brazilian rapper and something with a little more body with a coffee finish because this stick does taste leathery I will try the CAO
Gurkha Evil,5 out of 5,Gurkha,"if you like a bold balanced smooth cigar with an even burn a good ash and lots of smoke, you will like this"
Gurkha Evil,5 out of 5,Husbands favorite,My husband loves gurkhas. Evil is definitely top go to cigar for him.
Gurkha Evil,4 out of 5,Good smoke not too strong,Good smoke not too strong
Gurkha Evil,5 out of 5,"smooth,enjoyed the smoke","smooth,enjoyed the smoke"
Gurkha Evil,5 out of 5,Very good and smooth,Very good and smooth
Gurkha Evil,5 out of 5,"Gurkha Evil, more heavenly than evil!",Great smoke. Well made. Love the taste. Power but smooth and not too strong.
Gurkha Evil,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar,"This is a full flavored, long lasting, high quality cigar. There hasn't been a single person that I've given one to that has not agreed."
Gurkha Evil,2 out of 5,draw is tight,"I smoked a Gurkha evil once and I liked it then I bought a box and I was totally disappointed. The draw was killing me, I could not draw out of this cigar much. I dried it a little and it did not work. I almost threw the whole box in the trash."
Gurkha Evil,5 out of 5,Fantastic Cigar,I was very pleased with the smoothness of this cigar. I will definitely buy it again.
Gurkha Evil,4 out of 5,One of Gurkha's go to sticks.,Well balanced kicks up towards the final third but in a good way. Always an enjoyable stick.
Gurkha Evil,5 out of 5,"Always Like Gurka""s","The quality is there, its a Gurka. Its one my favorite of the gurka. It does burn great and I don't see any flaws with them."
Gurkha Evil,4 out of 5,split wrapper & uneven burn,"Draw is easy and smoke billowy and tasty, but brittle wrapper and burn runs disappointing."
Gurkha Evil,3 out of 5,Maybe I'll try it again later,"wrapper peeled and cracked after 2 weeks in my humi, bought from a B&M that keeps an impeccable humi. repaired it with pectin and patches from another cigar. smoked ok, could tell it was leaking."
Gurkha Evil,5 out of 5,Evilly Awesome,A robust flavor tinged with a wicked hotness. To be smoked on the nights you feel like doing something bad. Not for the easily offended.
Gurkha Evil,5 out of 5,Bigger is better,"Another excellent cigar from Gurkha and the 7x70 offers a lot of quality smoke for your money. Smooth draw and great flavor, this will be a permanent part of my line up."
Gurkha Evil,5 out of 5,The evil gurkah,That's a great stick. I love the qrapper
Gurkha Evil,5 out of 5,"not my favorite Ghurkas, but not bad either","this is my forth time ordering Evils; I enjoyed them, but really prefer the Black Dragons, Beasts , Beauties and Black ops"
Gurkha Evil,5 out of 5,Utah,I love the Gurkha Evil Torpedo. Very happy with this order and the service I received from CI.
Gurkha Flavored Cigars,5 out of 5,Great Flavour Smoke,"Excellent flavoured cigar. Most are not worth writing about, however this is great. No surprise from such a great brand name. Exceptional, smooth and actual flavour from tobacco and not from only the wrapper. Impressive. Excellent burn as usual from Gurkha."
Gurkha Founder's Select,5 out of 5,I have on;y smoked 1,"I have on;y smoked 1 so far, it was excellent.
On the mild side (which is my normal preference), lot's of smoke and the draw is perfect. great flavor for a mild cigar, I would absolutely suggest this cigar to
anyone."
Gurkha Founder's Select,1 out of 5,"Poor burn, mediocre taste",Burns poorly. Wrapper cracked and peeled. There are much better cigars for the price as the trouble and taste of this one leaves much to be desired.
Gurkha G5,5 out of 5,Smooth smoke!,"Smooth, rich flavor. A great smoke!"
Gurkha G5,4 out of 5,Nice easy draw,Nice easy draw
Gurkha G5,5 out of 5,"Very good smooth , great","Very good smooth , great flavor,"
Gurkha G5,5 out of 5,Enjoyable smoke.,Enjoyable smoke.
Gurkha G5,4 out of 5,Surprisingly full taste,"As a die hard Gurkha Warpig fan, I was pleasantly surprised when I lit up my first G5. Will be getting them again."
Gurkha G5,5 out of 5,Loved it,This is a very smooth and mellow cigar I really enjoy it
Gurkha G5,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,This cigar smokes evenly and smoothly and quickly.
Gurkha G5,5 out of 5,"Excellent product, smoked evenly. Great","Excellent product, smoked evenly. Great flavor."
Gurkha G5,4 out of 5,Good Smoke!,"Nice smooth cigar-pleasing, full flavored, but not overpowering. Give it a try!"
Gurkha G5,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"Great smoke , super flavorful, burns perfect.
Wish I bought more of these. Outstanding"
Gurkha G5,5 out of 5,Good smoke,"A nice smoke with spicey, peppery flavor; Burned evenly and was very nice."
Gurkha G5,4 out of 5,strong,it was a little strong fore me
Gurkha G5,5 out of 5,G5,Awesome cigar with great flavor and body. One of my top picks after a good meal.
Gurkha G5,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Gurkha G5,5 out of 5,Pleasantly surprised,Pleasantly surprised
Gurkha G5,4 out of 5,Very good stick,Very good stick
Gurkha Genghis Khan,5 out of 5,Cigars International,"Great Service! I received what I ordered, in the time I expected, and in great condition! Pricing is competitive and my cigars tasted terrific! Well done"
Gurkha Genghis Khan,5 out of 5,They are the Best.,They are the Best.
Gurkha Genghis Khan,5 out of 5,Gurkha Genghis Khan Churchills,These cigars are very good. I have had them before but this treasure chest made them even more desirable. The perfect burn and billowing smoke gives great satisfaction. This chest is a keepsake for sure. I am very pleased with my purchase.
Gurkha Genghis Khan,4 out of 5,Good,Good but not the best Gurkha I've had.
Gurkha Genghis Khan,5 out of 5,"Yes it’s good, more please","Very clean tasty smoke, if you get cigar fever like I do and a good cigar is the only cure then Mr. Khan will give you more then you hope for. Sweet to start and nutty and delicious till the last puff, I even had to let it go out and finish the next day and it was still tasty and satisfying! Great smoke"
Gurkha Genghis Khan,5 out of 5,A Cigar Worthy of the name Genghis Khan,"a 90 rated Gurkha worthy to carry the name of the Khan. Long burning mix of tobaccos from around the world with a hint of sweetness. Got mine in a sampler. Locked them in a humidor for 2 months. I was not dis-appointed. I had an issue with the wrapper on one as well. It was 75 degrees and the humidity in the 40's. I believe the wrapper simply got dehydrated during the more than one hour long stroll through the nature trail. I keep a water mister with me now, (don' laugh, it works!). Just don't soak the wrapper - not a good call."
Gurkha Genghis Khan,5 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth
Gurkha Genghis Khan,4 out of 5,Growing on me,"I received 5 Khan's in a build your own sampler. It took me three before I began to appreciate the blend in the Khan. For me, it hits with a full and unique flavor. I can't put my finger on it, but I have found the Khan growing on me and will be getting more. (I enjoyed it most while fishing - seemed to go well with the outdoor smells of the trees and river."
Gurkha Genghis Khan,3 out of 5,My two year old packed and shipped mine.,Well the smoke is great. However the presentation is awful. When I got my delivery in the mail I opened the package. To my surprise the box that the cigars and collectors box was in had been opened then resealed. I was worried that I may not have gotten my cigars after all so preceded to open the box. Well to my surprise they were in there however the way they were tossed in looked like my 2 year old backed them. I use to having all my cigars places properly in the box and sitting snug. Not tossed in any way they can fit. I wish I could upload photos as for a $300 plus a box cigars I would expect more.
Gurkha Genghis Khan,5 out of 5,Amazing Smoke.,"Smooth, great draw."
Gurkha Genghis Khan,5 out of 5,Genghis Khan,One of my favorites
Gurkha Genghis Khan,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,"Great smoke!!! Love the taste, aroma, burn. More to come....."
Gurkha Genghis Khan,5 out of 5,Not going to lie... Bought,"Not going to lie... Bought it for the chest ; )
The Genghis Khan is a little sweet, not quite off-putting for me and Gurkha-esque in taste."
Gurkha Genghis Khan,5 out of 5,Great smoking cigar,No bite just a smooth smoking cigar
Gurkha Genghis Khan,5 out of 5,Gurkha Genghis Khan,Great smoke for the money
Gurkha Genghis Khan,5 out of 5,Gurkha - Gengis Khan are wonderful,"Simply a great cigar. Even burn, easy draw, tons of effortless smoke and a flavor that is full bodied but smooth and satisfying. I recommend highly and without reservation. My personal rating would put them at 96."
Gurkha Genghis Khan,2 out of 5,OK taste.... Below average construction.,"Got these with a sampler of Gurkhas. The flavor was decent, nothing to write home about. The construction of mine was soft, mushy on the pre-light, and only got worse after the light. It required multiple re-lights and and the wrapper cracked just past the half way point. Glad it was only part of a sampler."
Gurkha Genghis Khan,4 out of 5,Great Value,"Very nice, good tasting cigar for the price. I will order these again. My only concern is the inconsistency of the quality roll/tightness of each cigar."
Gurkha Genghis Khan,4 out of 5,Rare Tabaccos & Chilled Smoke,"I teach non-western civilization, so naturally I had to try the Gurkha Genghis Kahn. Mine were a special CI promotion sold in cellophane packs without the expensive, hand carved, wooden treasure chest features with the regular packaging. First cigar out was ok, but needed seasoning in my humidor. Almost a month later, the smokes are great! If, you like a classic Bolivar, then these are comparable in feel, and taste. (Bolivar is more solidly packed with tobacco). Actually, the Kahns are taste of a subdued black cherry, and light earthy, charcoal flavor, with a touch of allspice. Smells great, smooth draw, ash is a bit loose for my taste, but a very mellow and enjoyable smoke. Goes well with Redbreast 12 Cask Strength. I keeo my hoard of Kahns in my locked humidor, and plan to savor them slowly over time for as long as possible. Not an everyday smoke, but one I value highly."
Gurkha Genghis Khan,3 out of 5,Middle of the Road,"Started great but dropped off quickly. The cigar caved continually and the wrapper came loose about ⅔ of the way in. Burned unevenly so the wrapper, binder and filler didn't stay balanced. Picked up some toast, nuts and pepper. Gurkha makes a lot of different blends so I'll try some of the others."
Gurkha Genghis Khan,5 out of 5,A really nice cigar,"Well I received this in a sampler and was very impressed with it that I am tempted to order more. Debating on whether to order alone or another Sampler. Paired it with some Talisker 10 and really enjoyed it.It burned extremely well and even and I loved the taste. Of the 35 different cigars I ordered from CI this one is my second favorite Gurka so far. I am kind of a newbie so Maybe my ratings may be a little off. I have smoked Aston, Fuente, Cohiba, and many of the other popular brands mostly bought at local cigar shops and the Gurkha sampler and 125 were the first I purchased from CI and so far I am quite pleased with them"
Gurkha Genghis Khan,5 out of 5,Good smoke!,I actually received this cigar from a Gurhka sample pack. Excellent taste and quality smoke. Much smoother draw that I thought it would be.
Gurkha Genghis Khan,5 out of 5,Best of the Best,The one I hope my friends share with me over a Double of Bourbon .
Gurkha Genghis Khan,5 out of 5,Aficionados Must Read,bough the box..paired it with a fine whiskey... great smoke..excellent taste..smooth and even burn...The box is beautiful....the cigars are wonderful...great taste great work...it's worth every penny and more
Gurkha Genghis Khan,5 out of 5,Aficionados Must Read,BEAUTIFUL DISPLAY....exquisite taste paired with crown royal xo...perfect burn...worth every penny and then some....if you are a fine cigar aficionado this is one of those hidden gems that is priced below her worth!!
Gurkha Genghis Khan,4 out of 5,"Finally, a good Gurkha.","I am not a Gurkha fan, but I received one of these Genghis Khan's in a sampler. I was not expecting much, as I have had many ""bad"" Gurkha's in samplers. I was pleasantly surprised! It was real good. The smoke was thick and poured off the foot- just how I like it. The burn was not perfect, but only needed a small touch up half way through. The draw was perfect. The flavors were great. Now I have to get more of these Genghis Khan's before they are gone. I highly recommend it."
Gurkha Genghis Khan,5 out of 5,One of the best,"The Gurkha Genghis Khan is an absolutely delicious stick. End to end, this creamy smoke does anything but disappoint. It should be at the top of every great cigar list, as its an incredibly enjoyable smoke. One of the best cigars I have ever had the pleasure experience, I would recommend to every smoker that I know."
Gurkha Genghis Khan,1 out of 5,Terrible cigar,Terrible construction. Very disappointed.
Gurkha Genghis Khan,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,I have always loved this cigar. I love the box as well!
Gurkha Genghis Khan,5 out of 5,The name says it all.,"This cigar has a nice even slow burn. It is a wonderfully smooth smoke that pairs excellently with Whiskey or Scotch.
There is a reason why this is named after a man that brought conquest to the majority of the Asian continent. It is smooth, methodical and will find itself at the top of your list before you realize what has happened."
Gurkha Genghis Khan,5 out of 5,1st Khan. Couldn't be happier!,This was my first experience with the Gurkha cigar brand. Wow I am not disappointed. I bought the last 4 my cigar shoppe had to get the chest for my girlfriend. I can't wait to sit by the fire tomorrow night and have another. And I am not even 1/3 of the way through this one. I will be ordering a chat of my own very soon.
Gurkha Genghis Khan,4 out of 5,nice flavor easy on throat,nice flavor easy on throat
Gurkha Genghis Khan,5 out of 5,I received three in a sampler pack of 15. One of them ran. But they all smoke good other than that one and that one still had a very good quality to it. All three did cut well and there was no splitting of the rapper overall I would consider it a hig,I received three in a sampler pack of 15. One of them ran. But they all smoke good other than that one and that one still had a very good quality to it. All three did cut well and there was no splitting of the rapper overall I would consider it a high quality cigar. I have had problems with high quality cigars. If you have the money to spend on a quality cigar in this price range go ahead
Gurkha Genghis Khan,1 out of 5,Not Worth the Money,"One of the worse Gurka's I have ever smoked. After relighting it 6-7 times the=rough the first half on the cigar, I gave up and through it away. Hard draw and bitter taste. Definitely not worth the money."
Gurkha Genghis Khan,5 out of 5,Definitely Recommend to Anybody,"Wow! This cigar is an absolutely delicious smoke down to the nub. A smooth and creamy stick with just the right kick, not too strong not too weak. One of the best cigars I've ever smoked."
Gurkha Genghis Khan,1 out of 5,Don't go near it.,Absolutely the worst cigar I have ever tasted. It's like Tabaco mixed with plastic and candle wax made into a cigar. I gave it ten minutes and it only got worse.
Gurkha Genghis Khan,4 out of 5,Ghurka reigns!,"As always, this Ghurkha is a great cigar due to it's strong character and taste! Cigars International offered excellent service and follow-up for my order, earning my loyalty."
Gurkha Genghis Khan,5 out of 5,Cigar Love!!!!!!,I love this cigar #1 on my list of cigars. Easy smoke not to strong or weak I can spend 2 hours and 45 min. smoking one of these and I'm still sad when I finish it. One of my friends said I left one of these at his house he found it in a baggy and it was a little dry. He still spent 3 hours smoking it and this is a guy that cant sit still for 20 min. lol
Gurkha Genghis Khan,5 out of 5,great smoke,"Outstanding cigar. Would recommend it everyone. Smooth taste and has all the quality's I'm looking for in a cigar. On my ""will buy again"" list."
Gurkha Genghis Khan,5 out of 5,Best Ever!,"Wow, Wow, Wow......this is an amazing smoke, very tight and the smoke is fabulous. Very even burn and I couldn't believe the flavor and enjoyment of this cigar. I thought to myself.....this is the best cigar I've ever had!!"
Gurkha Ghost,5 out of 5,Gurkha Ghost exorcist,Excellent Cigar's Very tasty and satisfing would recommend them to my best friend's.
Gurkha Ghost,5 out of 5,Paranormal Experience!,"Excellent cigar by Gurkha. Smooth, yet bold flavor and nice even burn. Get your Ghost Exorcist and free yourself from the old Spectre of smokes!"
Gurkha Ghost,5 out of 5,great choice,loved it
Gurkha Ghost,5 out of 5,Smokey-Earthy : Get some of these,I love every puff of these. If you haven’t tried them you should. There will be zero complaints.
Gurkha Ghost,5 out of 5,Great Cigar!,This has become my favorite stick.
Gurkha Ghost,5 out of 5,Chocolate goodness!,"Received my Gurkha Ghost today couldn't wait to cut ✂️ and light 💡up.....OMG....the taste right out of the gate was tantalizing! Notes of cocoa and chocolaty bliss was amazing. Gr8t smoke all the way thru. Now I'm going to let them marinate in my humidor for several months, then revisit!"
Gurkha Ghost,5 out of 5,Excellent taste,Lots of smoke and flavorful cigar. I was very surprised by how good this Gurkha is. I had a Japanese Police Officer ask me what is was and he also asked me to keep smoking it as he liked the smell. I did not oblige; I didn’t want to be disrespectful. Highly recommend this if you like a lot of smoke and flavor. One of my top 10 cigars.
Gurkha Ghost,5 out of 5,Better like smoke.,"Rich, oily, smoke making machine. Rich from start to finish, and copious smoke. Have been a much more consistent cigar stick to stick than most other Gurkhas I have tried."
Gurkha Ghost,3 out of 5,Good for a change of pace,Super unique wrapper and even more unique flavour but burns too quick.
Gurkha Ghost,5 out of 5,Perfect,"Awesome smoke, taste is blended perfect and last awhile which is what I look for in a cigar."
Gurkha Ghost,5 out of 5,One of a perfect kind,"Possibly my favorite cigar ever, but definitely a top 5. One of the few I've enjoyed from start to finish every time. I could go on with every snobbish detail, but suffice it to say it gives a hint of black walnut or possibly black licorice, and is unlike any of the myriad cigars I've tried. A unique smoke for sure."
Gurkha Ghost,4 out of 5,Grab a Gurkha,"Good stick, prefer the Angel in this class."
Gurkha Ghost,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Gurkha Ghost,5 out of 5,The Ghost with the Most,Smooth and rich smoke - strong but not overpowering
Gurkha Ghost,5 out of 5,Ghost Angel,What a great cigar I am enjoying them immensely. Definitely will be reordering.
Gurkha Ghost,5 out of 5,Love it!!!,Great all around smoke. I love these Angels.
Gurkha Ghost,5 out of 5,Great Gurkha,"It has been many years since I even smoked a Gurkha, but this one has me coming back for more, and the Ghost is getting harder to find. It is a great smoke for the price and I have now branched off to other Gurkhas. Gotta love 'em."
Gurkha Ghost,5 out of 5,So Opus X Lost City ruined me.,"So Opus X Lost City ruined me.
I haven't truly enjoyed a cigar for nearly a year, thanks to getting RURNT on the opus. Until the Ghost. Don't get me wrong, it's not the same, but I've found a great go-to in the Ghost that won't put me in the poor house!"
Gurkha Ghost,1 out of 5,Harsh and Bitter Cigar!!!,I read the great reviews but did not smoke what those people did. This was one of the harshest non flavor cigars I have ever smoked. Even if I don’t like a cigar I attempt to smoke most of it. I suffered through almost half and had to throw away. Won’t give this a try ever again. Terrible.
Gurkha Ghost,5 out of 5,"Ghurka Ghost Exorcist Cigars, A Top Rated Cigar and My Favorite","Simply Put; A Great for the Price: The ingredients, culminating Taste, Flavor and Craftsmanship put into this Smoke Make is A Party and Social Magnet for Me as well my Associates... Get your orders in; I promise, you will not be disappointed!!!"
Gurkha Ghost,5 out of 5,Gurkha Ghost Exorcist,One of my absolute favorite cigars!
Gurkha Ghost,4 out of 5,Great Stick From a Great Lineup of Smokes!,"Very nice smoke, never over powering, yet leaves nothing back. Good burning, nice even smoke. Buying some more and taking a look at some other Gurkhas as well. A+"
Gurkha Ghost,5 out of 5,Gurka Ghost Asura,"This cigar has an excellent flavor, burns smoothly and gives you a nice long smoke. Highly recommend"
Gurkha Ghost,5 out of 5,Ghost a Smoke you could die for.,"Angel Tubos and Asura, My favorite Smokes! great favor, burn and draw. Both last a good hour with a great Single Malt Scotch. I have not had any bad comment from my friends who love them as well. They always ask if I have any when we get together on the Patio. When ever they are in stock I have to buy at least a box."
Gurkha Ghost,5 out of 5,Ghost Angel delivers heavenly flavor,Wow this thing was good all the way down to the nub! Draw was a little tight and it took a couple relights to get to the nd but the effort was worth it. This will be a permanant addition to my humidor!
Gurkha Ghost,5 out of 5,Highly recommend,"Great stick .... smooth draw, hint of oak and spice ..... even burn ..... my third favorite smoke from Gurkha (the only brand I buy these days) .... comes in right behind the Ancient Warrior and the Evil."
Gurkha Ghost,1 out of 5,Not for me,"I haven't had a bad Gurkha until this one. I have only smoked one ever, which I normally try not to judge until I've smoked a few, but the after taste was terrible and the overall smoke wasn't good at all. I wouldn't smoke a free one."
Gurkha Ghost,5 out of 5,One of my favorites,"One of my go-to's. I've smoked more of these than any other cigar- spicy, earthy, yet smooth. And the draw is awesome, constant smoke bellowing like a chimney."
Gurkha Ghost,5 out of 5,Another Great Stick!,"Great cigar! A well constructed, flavourful stick that burns great right down to the nub. Well done Gurkha!"
Gurkha Ghost,5 out of 5,Just Great!,A great cigar! I enjoy one every other day! Perfect for a relaxing good flavored smoke.
Gurkha Ghost,5 out of 5,"Give it a try, really.",A mild but very flavorful cigar that burns well and won't leave you disappointed if you have been let down by Gurkha before.
Gurkha Ghost,4 out of 5,Superb,Does Gurkha make a bad cigar. I have liked every one I have smoked.
Gurkha Ghost,5 out of 5,Valentine's gifr for my boyfriend done right,"This was our first Valentine and also the first time I have ordered him cigars. I didn't want to ask him outright what he would like me to order as it was a surprise. So, I did some investigating talking to a couple friends of his. I have talked to those two a couple times over the past seral months and always chickened out on ordering. I did not want it to be wrong. I wanted him to enjoy it. I knew he like Ghurkas and moderate to bold. So I just started reading descriptions. I wen based on the aromas and flavors in the descriptions. After I ordered them he gave me a marked catalog of things he liked from your company. Ghosts were not marked. I got worried. Tonight he smoked the first one. His quote, ""DAMN FINE. Honest to god. That is a really nice smoke."" Thank you, Cigars International!"
Gurkha Ghost,4 out of 5,Gurkha Ghost (Angel),"I bought this cigar because of all the great reviews and I'll tell you I am very glad I did. Awesome stick,great smoke,great flavors.... Earthy smell starts off with hints of cocoa and spice then gets sweeter as it rest on the pallet 25 minutes into the stick before having to ash. Very even burn great stick very enjoyable If your not a Gurkha fan this stick may just change your mind!!!"
Gurkha Ghost,5 out of 5,Gurkha Ghost Great as always,I purchased these as a gift for my son. He called me and said they were a great smoke. I have always enjoyed Gurkha Ghost and knew it would not disappoint.
Gurkha Ghost,5 out of 5,Christmas present for my boyfriend,"My boyfriend loves Gurkha cigars. I went to a local cigar shop to find him one so he could have a chill moment for himself but I couldn't find his favorite. I found the Gurkha Ghost and he loved it. I searched online to find his favorite cigars and CI had them both. Because he loved the Ghost so much, i got him all three for Christmas. He was very happy and quite shocked I found what he likes. Shipped to me very quickly. Definitely will be ordering again!"
Gurkha Ghost,5 out of 5,Mathew,The Gurkha Ghost is one of my favorite cigars. Good flavor and burns evenly.
Gurkha Ghost,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Gurkha Ghost,5 out of 5,Finally,So glad CI started stocking the Ghost. My favorite cigar. Shipping was fast. Looking forward to ordering more.
Gurkha Ghost,5 out of 5,Awesome!,"This is a very nice smoke, mild and flavorful. A must to my next order."
Gurkha Ghost,5 out of 5,ghostly good,great cigar on of my all time favorites
Gurkha Ghost,5 out of 5,Very good stick!!!!,Very good stick!!!!
Gurkha Ghost,4 out of 5,Damn good cigar,Not perfect but damn close to. I loved this cigar. Even draw and great flavor.
Gurkha Ghost,2 out of 5,Just ok,"I was not impressed with the Ghost; uneven burn , black ash, lack of flavor. Just my humble opinion."
Gurkha Governor's Private Blend,5 out of 5,All my golf buddies and,All my golf buddies and I really love these on the course. Nice and smooth with a slow burn. Can last 6 or 7 holes. Will be buying more.
Gurkha Governor's Private Blend,4 out of 5,Gurkha,Great smoke
Gurkha Governor's Private Blend,5 out of 5,Fantastic Cigar,Bought these for my Uncle for his Birthday. He loved the smell and taste of them. Very good Cigars
Gurkha Governor's Private Blend,5 out of 5,Gurkha,"Taste and aroma was great, nice slow burn as well. I’m very impressed with Gurkha Governors blend."
Gurkha Governor's Private Blend,5 out of 5,Very very good cigar for,Very very good cigar for the price
Gurkha Governor's Private Blend,4 out of 5,Smooth.. And tasty!,Smooth.. And tasty!
Gurkha Governor's Private Blend,5 out of 5,Great buy!,Great buy!
Gurkha Governor's Private Blend,5 out of 5,Great cigar,great smoke and perfect size definitely one of my favorites
Gurkha Governor's Private Blend,5 out of 5,Great smoke! Will definitely try,Great smoke! Will definitely try them again!
Gurkha Governor's Private Blend,3 out of 5,Nice for the price.,Nice for the price.
Gurkha Governor's Private Blend,4 out of 5,"One of my go to cigars, nice flavor. Burns pretty fast.","A really well rounded cigar. It’s a little loose and a faster burn than others but I enjoyed it. The second half brings out the flavor more and I really enjoy it to the
nub. Fairly good price for what you get too. In my opinion it pairs really well with a sweet drink on the side and the after tastes blend perfectly. Not many cigars can boast a pleasant flavor that lingers for hours complementing the experience of a sweet tea and conversation on a warm day."
Gurkha Governor's Private Blend,5 out of 5,Superior,"An excellent smoke - medium to full, draws well, good burn."
Gurkha Governor's Private Blend,5 out of 5,I like the burn the,I like the burn the smell the 6 60 are the best
Gurkha Governor's Private Blend,5 out of 5,Bold Flavor,Bold flavor and a perfect burn on each one.
Gurkha Governor's Private Blend,4 out of 5,Good but not the best,The taste is bit melo and aroma is neutral.
Gurkha Governor's Private Blend,4 out of 5,Great buy,Great buy
Gurkha Governor's Private Blend,5 out of 5,Lots of smoke and a good R&R stick,This one produces a lot of smoke and is a great mid-range of flavor.
Gurkha Governor's Private Blend,5 out of 5,Gurkha,For me an excellent cigar. I forgot to bring them to Florida with me.
Gurkha Governor's Private Blend,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Smooth taste and great finish
Gurkha Governor's Private Blend,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good burn and construction. Smooth flavor profile. Worth it at the sampler price
Gurkha Governor's Private Blend,4 out of 5,Not bad,"Wasn't a bad smoke. Last 1/4 a little bitter, but all in all not bad"
Gurkha Governor's Private Blend,4 out of 5,So so for me,"Not the greatest offering from Gurkha! They weren't bad, just not that great."
Gurkha Governor's Private Blend,3 out of 5,Decent Cigar I would buy,Decent Cigar I would buy again but not a top choice.
Gurkha Governor's Private Blend,4 out of 5,Lots of Smoke,Great smoke output and an easy drag. Not my favorite cigar but really good to just try something different. I would actually like to pay less on these but I felt the sale price is adequate. I personally like the Ghost way better.
Gurkha Governor's Private Blend,5 out of 5,A cigar for when your cigar buddies visit...,Excellent cigar. Was quite surprised. Great burn from beginning to end.
Gurkha Governor's Private Blend,5 out of 5,Smooth sweet and creamy,New to the Gurkha brand very nice burn and smoke all the way to the foot. One of the best cigars I tried. Love the sweetness and rich smoke I'm new to cigars and stay away from the peppery ones. This is the 3rd Gurkha I have tried and now I am a true Gurkha fan.
Gurkha Governor's Private Blend,4 out of 5,Very mild great cigar!!,Very mild great cigar!!
Gurkha Governor's Private Blend,5 out of 5,One of my absolute favorites,One of my absolute favorites. It has flavor without the white pepper feel. It has a long and very even burn. I totally enjoy and recommend this one.
Gurkha Governor's Private Blend,4 out of 5,So Many Flavors!,"So many flavors! This is another Gurkha that proves the naysayers wrong. And as far as complexity, you're gonna wanna have a seat while smoking this one. Would definitely buy again!!"
Gurkha Governor's Private Blend,5 out of 5,A real cigar,I like Gurkha's for a sit down and smoke
Gurkha Governor's Private Blend,5 out of 5,Best Box Bang For Your Buck,I enjoyed every second of this stogie. I bought the box. They are superb for the $$$.
Gurkha Governor's Private Blend,5 out of 5,Gurkha Governor,Great cigars
Gurkha Governor's Private Blend,5 out of 5,Love em,It is a great cigar all around
Gurkha Governor's Private Blend,5 out of 5,One GOOD Smoke,"This cigar is a smooth and flavorful smoke. I have purchased both the Robusto and the Double Perfecto and it has been smooth from beginning to end every time, and not to awful expensive. A quality smoke one of my favorites"
Gurkha Governor's Private Blend,5 out of 5,Gurka Governor,Great smoke. Lots of flavor.
Gurkha Governor's Private Blend,5 out of 5,Top marks,This Ghurka is a cut above the rest.
Gurkha Governor's Private Blend,5 out of 5,#1,#1
Gurkha Governor's Private Blend,5 out of 5,My new private Gurkha,"Awesome relaxing cigar. Taste is better than I expected, smooth smoke, even burn, great price."
Gurkha Governor's Private Blend,5 out of 5,Outstanding Choice,Gurkha Governor did not disappoint. I highly recommend these fine Cigars.
Gurkha Governor's Private Blend,5 out of 5,Awesome smokes. Loved them,Awesome smokes. Loved them
Gurkha Governor's Private Blend,5 out of 5,great smoke!,great smoke!
Gurkha Governor's Private Blend,5 out of 5,Mild but tasty.,Just tried these after a couple months in the humidor. Gurkhas not one of my go to s but these are Awesome smokes. great burn. well put together. more mild than I thought they would be. I would say mild to medium. You will literally smoke this to the nub. So good and well put together I was slobbering the nub while working in the yard and I never slobber. lol. Enjoy them.
Gurkha Governor's Private Blend,5 out of 5,Great blend,Gurkha is becoming one of my favorite brands! I’m new to Gurkha but find this a great smoke! This stick starts strong and mellows out to a great finish.
Gurkha Governor's Private Blend,5 out of 5,Gurkha,"Very smooth, nice burn. I will order again for sure"
Gurkha Governor's Private Blend,4 out of 5,Gurkha Governor,"Tasty, smooth burning!"
Gurkha Governor's Private Blend,3 out of 5,Aging room sticks are up,Aging room sticks are up there with my favorites. Always an easy smooth pull with great flavor.
Gurkha Governor's Private Blend,4 out of 5,No Yakuza ... but a really good smoke,"The good... excellent flavor, nice burn and semi complex
The bad ... beware of the southern humidity, must sit in humi a few weeks
The ugly... wrapper comes undone before half way mark ... making it impossible to enjoy last third.
Overall... No Yakuza but a really good smoke if you can get it to hold together... expected Gurkha quality"
Gurkha Governor's Private Blend,5 out of 5,"A fine, smooth dub...","I thoroughly enjoyed these fine cigars. I love a dub, and these were as fine as can be. I'm gaining a true appreciation for Gurkhas. They've Joined Patels as my two favorite brands. I had a couple of wrapper issues, but that couldn't dampen my love for these fine smokes."
Gurkha Governor's Private Blend,5 out of 5,Great smoke,That said it all “great smoke “
Gurkha Governor's Private Blend,5 out of 5,"Nice cigar, nice burn.","Nice cigar, nice burn."
Gurkha Grand Age,5 out of 5,Expected from Gurkha,Smooth firmly packed good smoke!
Gurkha Grand Age,4 out of 5,All nighter,Good cigar for a lazy evening to enjoy after a nice meal
Gurkha Grand Age,5 out of 5,Ok..some of cigars were stale..,Ok..some of cigars were stale..
Gurkha Grand Age,5 out of 5,GREAT CIGAR,GREAT CIGAR
Gurkha Grand Age,5 out of 5,I would buy these again,I would buy these again they are joy to smoke
Gurkha Grand Age,4 out of 5,Nice cigar but ahoukd be,Nice cigar but ahoukd be cut shorter
Gurkha Grand Age,4 out of 5,Gurka Grand Agae,Good and smooth flavor.
Gurkha Grand Age,5 out of 5,Smooth,Nice smooth long lasting smoke
Gurkha Grand Age,5 out of 5,Awesome cigars,Awesome cigars
Gurkha Grand Age,5 out of 5,Rating,I like it. Pretty smooth
Gurkha Grand Age,4 out of 5,Girl he for,"Great stick! Smooth smoke, nutty flavors, can't put it down."
Gurkha Grand Age,5 out of 5,Well-Received Gift,The friend that I sent these to absolutely LOVED them.
Gurkha Grand Age,4 out of 5,GURKHA PRESIDENTE,THIS WAS A GOOD CIGAR BUT NOT A 5 RATING
Gurkha Grand Age,4 out of 5,Smooth Gurkhas,I enjoyed smoking these Gurkhas . Very smooth - no bite .
Gurkha Grand Age,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Nice full flavored cigar. Easy smoke and slow burn with subtle background flavors that change along the way.
Gurkha Grand Age,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Gurkha Grand Age,5 out of 5,Gurhka,Had one that burned unevenly. But the taste is exceptional and creamy and the after taste is leaves in your mouth makes you want to fire up another one. Burn slow and has a nice draw. Chocolate undertones in the beginning make it wonderful.
Gurkha Grand Age,3 out of 5,Smooth,The wrapper did not hold together well. The smoke itself was good but I was distracted by the wrapper.
Gurkha Grand Age,4 out of 5,A treat within itself,Smooth and satisfying smoke
Gurkha Grand Age,5 out of 5,Fast service. Good quality cigars.,Fast service. Good quality cigars. Love CI!
Gurkha Grand Age,5 out of 5,Gurka,Outstanding cigars for the price. I will be purchasing more of these👍👍👍
Gurkha Grand Age,4 out of 5,Gurkha Grand Age Presidente,"Smooth tasting, even burning cigar. Plan on a long smoke as this is a large cigar."
Gurkha Grand Age,5 out of 5,A very enjoyable smoke,"A med-full flavor,(which thankfully leans toward full flavor)."
Gurkha Grand Age,4 out of 5,Good smoke,"Only because I compare it to some top of the line sticks, it is a really good smoke, smooth, tastie, and great draw."
Gurkha Grand Age,3 out of 5,Not for me....,"Thought I’d try these, and they’re just a bit too strong for my taste. They do smoke pretty well."
Gurkha Grand Age,4 out of 5,Very nice,Very nice
Gurkha Grand Age,5 out of 5,My go to smoke,"Absolutely love these cigars! Nice draw , even burn and smooth as mothers butter!"
Gurkha Grand Age,5 out of 5,Good smoke they were on,Good smoke they were on sale. Good price they burned well
Gurkha Grand Age,5 out of 5,Finally,I’ve been waiting for these since “08”. A fine cigar.
Gurkha Grand Age,4 out of 5,Good stick,"Burns evenly and good flavor throughout. Hints of cedar, pepper, and leather"
Gurkha Grand Age,5 out of 5,Very good cigar and smokes,Very good cigar and smokes well
Gurkha Grand Age,5 out of 5,Gurkha Everytime,If your opening a cigar it best be a Gurkha or you are selling yourself short.
Gurkha Grand Age,5 out of 5,Gurkha,Great cigars
Gurkha Grand Reserve,5 out of 5,"Great draw, no harsh tastes.","My favorite cigar, hands down. Worth the cost here, I was paying more per stick from my local lounge. I jumped at the price here."
Gurkha Grand Reserve,5 out of 5,Smooth as Silk,These Cigars are wonderful the full bodied and the Cognac finish is wonderful!!!
Gurkha Grand Reserve,5 out of 5,Awesome,I love Gurkha Cigars and these in particular are my favorite. Definitely will be getting them again when I need to.
Gurkha Grand Reserve,5 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth flavor through the entire smoke. Long lasting a pure pleasure.
Gurkha Grand Reserve,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar! One of my,Excellent Cigar! One of my favorite!
Gurkha Harlequiss,5 out of 5,Smooth to the end,Smooth to the end
Gurkha Harlequiss,5 out of 5,"smok is cool,smooth and good burn",smooth nice burn will buy again
Gurkha Harlequiss,4 out of 5,Solid Gurkha product,Solid Gurkha product
Gurkha Harlequiss,3 out of 5,Good,Good
Gurkha Harlequiss,4 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth
Gurkha Harlequiss,5 out of 5,awesome cigar,awesome cigar
Gurkha Harlequiss,5 out of 5,Nice smoke,Out of sight
Gurkha Harlequiss,5 out of 5,Daily smoke,Burns a little to fast
Gurkha Harlequiss,5 out of 5,My Husband Loves These Cigars,My Husband Loves These Cigars I Will Be Ordering Him Some More & I Loved The Deals U All Have. Thanks Vernessa Locke
Gurkha Harlequiss,3 out of 5,Not bad,"Average smoke, nothing to write home about"
Gurkha Harlequiss,5 out of 5,Great Sampler,"Every one I've had from this sampler has been great. The Beauty is a little bland, but well worth the effort. The only complaint is that I love the Vintage 2001, but simply cannot afford them outside this deal! CI, you're killing me!"
Gurkha Harlequiss,5 out of 5,Made solid. Great taste. Smooth,Made solid. Great taste. Smooth smoke. Very enjoyable
Gurkha Heritage Maduro,5 out of 5,tasty toro,"This Heritage is a very nice smoke. It has it all. Good mouth, good roll, complex enough to keep you interested. Overall a very good smoke."
Gurkha Hudson Bay,5 out of 5,Our daily smoke!,Our daily smoke!
Gurkha Hudson Bay,4 out of 5,Good purchase,Smokes well great for the money !
Gurkha Hudson Bay,5 out of 5,Very good cigar almost done,"Very good cigar almost done with the box great draw ,nice smoke."
Gurkha Hudson Bay,3 out of 5,Gurkha Hudson Bay,So So - not as strong as I like.
Gurkha Hudson Bay,5 out of 5,Very good,Very good
Gurkha Hudson Bay,5 out of 5,You will be surprised,"This cigar surprised me. I originally bought these to load up my humidor and pass out to guests who think they are cigar smokers (why waste the good stuff!), but this cigar smoked smooth and even. I will definitely buy more. Now I need to find a replacement for my hand outs!"
Gurkha Hudson Bay,3 out of 5,Fair stick,Wasn’t what I was expecting. I’ve had better cigars that cost less then these.
Gurkha Hudson Bay,3 out of 5,OK,OK
Gurkha Hudson Bay,5 out of 5,Economy and Taste,Excellent stick for the price. Great flavor. Burns a bit quick.
Gurkha Hudson Bay,5 out of 5,Relaxing smoke,Great cigar truly a man who enjoys smoking cigars can appreciate these cigars. nice price and a good smoke
Gurkha Hudson Bay,3 out of 5,More mild than medium,I perfer medium to 3/4 strength cigars. The Hudson Bay leans more to a mild smoke. Light and airy it has good flavor and stays that way from the beginning until the end.
Gurkha Hudson Bay,4 out of 5,good but,"fine cigar but a couple were ""loosely wrapped"""
Gurkha Hudson Bay,3 out of 5,Burka Hudson Bay,Big problem with label sticking to outer rapper when trying to remove it and tearing the wrapper.
Gurkha Hudson Bay,5 out of 5,Has good flavor smokes even,Has good flavor smokes even
Gurkha Hudson Bay,5 out of 5,Mellow,Mellow
Gurkha Hudson Bay,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Smooth flavorful ! Nice burn . Very enjoyable
Gurkha Hudson Bay,5 out of 5,one grate cigar,The Gurkha Hudson Bay Torpedo was one of the first boxes of cigars i had ever bought I have never had a Torpedo in my life and was already in love with Gurkha cigars so i decided to take the plunge and try a torpedo cigar why not with a brand of cigars you really have come to like and love when I received the box I immediately opened the box and could see that i would love and like them like all the Gurkha cigars i have in my Humidor needless to say i loved them so much I smoked all my Hudson bay torpedo's I would love to get another box but I am Afraid that i will smoke the whole box in less than a month
Gurkha Hudson Bay,4 out of 5,Nice,"These are a nice, mild cigar with all the other expectations of a Gurkha."
Gurkha Hudson Bay,5 out of 5,Good Cigar and the price won't bankrupt you!!!,Have been smoking them for many years and the first to the last is one of the same high quality. Try one and see what I'm talking about.
Gurkha Hudson Bay,4 out of 5,Love this cigar!,"This is the first cigar I have taken the time to rate. Great flavor, great burn. I will buy them again. Try it!"
Gurkha Hudson Bay,4 out of 5,Plenty for the $$,"Well-constructed and firm cigar, with a firm wrapper. Medium body, and well suited to an everyday smoke."
Gurkha Hudson Bay,4 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Gurkha Hudson Bay,4 out of 5,"Nice medium smoke, good burn","Nice medium smoke, good burn and draw"
Gurkha Hudson Bay,4 out of 5,Consistently Great,A great stick at any price!
Gurkha Hudson Bay,5 out of 5,Gurka hudson bay,Excellent cigars great choice
Gurkha Hudson Bay,5 out of 5,Great!!,Awesome smoke..burns clean and one of the best I've had..will be getting more.
Gurkha Hudson Bay,5 out of 5,A great smoke,"A very pleasant, relaxing smoke, enjoyable right down to the nub. I'm no cigar expert and can only detect ""notes"" of tobacco, but this is a great stogie, one you are sure to enjoy!"
Gurkha Hudson Bay,5 out of 5,awesome smoke,great cigar to sit back relax and enjoy
Gurkha Hudson Bay,4 out of 5,Nice mild flavor,Decent cigar at a decent price. Mild flavor nicely constructed. Nice everyday smoke.
Gurkha Hudson Bay,5 out of 5,Nice Smoke at a Great Price,Was waiting for these bad boys to go on sale again...….. and they did. I'm always looking out for these smokes.
Gurkha Hudson Bay,4 out of 5,Reliable Smoke,"Bought these for a go to smoke for a bit. Had one at a local cigar event a while back, and loved getting them at a great price. Burns evenly and offers a good mild alternative to the darker ones I usually smoke."
Gurkha Hudson Bay,4 out of 5,Nice smooth smoke,"Good value, easy draw, smoke"
Gurkha Hudson Bay,4 out of 5,Great flavor,Great flavor
Gurkha Hudson Bay,5 out of 5,Wisconsin-Alabama,"It's a Gurhka! Gurkha has been one of my favorite all-time cigar brands. It has generally been my ""go-to"" brand. These Hudson Bay Churchills do not disappoint. Good burn, smooth draw, no problems here!"
Gurkha Hudson Bay,5 out of 5,Totally smokeable!,"Bought these with no expectations. I was pleasantly surprised. A nice smooth cigar, all the way down to the nub. Of course, I gave them a couple of weeks to settle in the humidor so there were no uneven burn issues. I think so many times people complain it's the cigar vs. the manner in which they torched the cigar. I'll buy these again, guaranteed."
Gurkha Hudson Bay,5 out of 5,Stars are enough,Stars are enough
Gurkha Hudson Bay,5 out of 5,Loved it,Great smoke very tasty smoke
Gurkha Hudson Bay,4 out of 5,Great cigar.,Great cigar.
Gurkha Hudson Bay,3 out of 5,Nice....but..,I enjoyed the cigar but didn’t like the aftertaste.
Gurkha Hudson Bay,3 out of 5,Not bad.... but nothing special,Not bad.... but nothing special
Gurkha Hudson Bay,4 out of 5,Good,Good
Gurkha Hudson Bay,4 out of 5,Enjoyable,Thumbs up
Gurkha Hudson Bay,5 out of 5,One of my Favorites!,This is one of my favorites. Smooth easy burn with very pleasant smoke. Perfect for relaxing around the fire pit with a beer and friends!
Gurkha Hudson Bay,4 out of 5,partially plugged,Better smokes out there for the $
Gurkha Hudson Bay,2 out of 5,Gurkha Hudson Bay Torpedo - there are better for the money,"Construction was good, but some of these tasted burnt and unsmokable."
Gurkha Hudson Bay,4 out of 5,Good daily cigar.,Good price for a cigar that you can have every day without going broke and is a good smoke.
Gurkha Hudson Bay,4 out of 5,Gurkha Red Skies,This is a good medium bodied smoke that's reasonably priced.Have bought several times and will buy again and again.
Gurkha Hudson Bay,3 out of 5,Hudson Bay Torpedo,"A blast of pepper and earthy, leathery taste, maybe a little bitter. Some good smoke output, but wrapper started to unravel."
Gurkha Hudson Bay,4 out of 5,Good smoke for the price,"This was a good purchase and tasty cigar. Under the long label, however, it was a bit dry and I had to lick it to stay together. I have smoked about 6 of these and taste is very good. I look forward to more deals from CI. This is one of the best online cigar shops in the US. I alternate between cubans and these from CI."
Gurkha Hudson Bay,4 out of 5,Ok,I have smoked a lot of Gurkhas over the last year or two and these were a bit on the mild side and occasionally didn’t burn as evenly as I would’ve thought much better than average cigar and I got a great discounted price on them so I would not say that it was a bad deal just not my favorite Gurkha
Gurkha Hudson Bay Red Skies,5 out of 5,Good ones,I don't normally like Gurkha cigars....none the blends just don't taste good to me....I can't explain it. The Red Skies robusto was an except. I had a whole box and enjoyed every one.
Gurkha Hudson Bay Red Skies,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Smooth and mild flavor. It was a good cigar.
Gurkha Hudson Bay Red Skies,4 out of 5,Not bad for 5hw price,Decent stick
Gurkha Hudson Bay Red Skies,5 out of 5,Smoking one right now,Burns evenly and good draw. Great taste also
Gurkha Hudson Bay Red Skies,3 out of 5,Lack of flavor,"This is a decent smoke to give to friends that aren’t to bothered about cigars but enjoy the occasional smoke.
Really nice construction, nice even burn but little to no flavor.
Ultimately quite a boring cigar."
Gurkha Hudson Bay Red Skies,5 out of 5,Nice build. Nice medium strength.,Nice build. Nice medium strength. I would get these again.
Gurkha Hudson Bay Red Skies,3 out of 5,Decent stick,"I actually think these are solid 3/5 sticks, and for the price a borderline 4. They are a bit more ""robust"" then one may think, but a solid cigar for the price."
Gurkha Hudson Bay Red Skies,3 out of 5,Budget,Mild cigar medium flavor good cheep smoke for the money
Gurkha Hudson Bay Red Skies,4 out of 5,Smooth smoke with an even,Smooth smoke with an even draw. Good would recommend
Gurkha Hudson Bay Red Skies,3 out of 5,Ok Cigar,"Ok cigar, but a little bitter finish at first"
Gurkha Hudson Bay Red Skies,1 out of 5,Hudson Bay Red Skies,Reminds me of a old time five cent White Owl. Bad burn bad taste and burns hot. Gave them away.
Gurkha Hudson Bay Red Skies,4 out of 5,great smoke for the price,Good mild smoke at a good price. would buy again.
Gurkha Hudson Bay Red Skies,3 out of 5,Fair cigar.,Fair cigar.
Gurkha Hudson Bay Red Skies,5 out of 5,Very nice clean smoke,Very nice clean smoke
Gurkha Hudson Bay Red Skies,3 out of 5,"A little harsh, but not","A little harsh, but not bad"
Gurkha Hudson Bay Red Skies,4 out of 5,Red Skies Robusto,Not great but good. Excellent value.
Gurkha Hudson Bay Red Skies,5 out of 5,Really Enjoyed,"I got these as a free promotion when i bought some Gurhka sampler packs. Have been pleasantly surprised. Mild but flavorful. Great when you dont have the time or feel like puffing on a churchill. Will definitely, (depending on price) make these a main stay in the humidor."
Gurkha Hudson Bay Red Skies,5 out of 5,great little smoke,a very flavorful smoke with a great burn
Gurkha Hudson Bay Red Skies,4 out of 5,"good little smoke,, burns nice","good little smoke,, burns nice an even"
Gurkha Hudson Bay Red Skies,5 out of 5,Ok,Ok
Gurkha Hudson Bay Red Skies,3 out of 5,Fair cigar,Decent value. Flavor ok for price.
Gurkha Hudson Bay Red Skies,5 out of 5,Nice smoke expected less,This was an ad on to a Gerka purchase for an extra 20 dollars. Truth be told I preferred these to the Gerkas nice medium to full smoke. I would buy these again.
Gurkha Hudson Bay Red Skies,5 out of 5,This is my favorite cigar,"This is my favorite cigar so far. It’s mild, smooth, and plenty of flavor and will definitely be ordered again"
Gurkha Hudson Bay Red Skies,3 out of 5,Good but to dry!!!,Good but to dry!!!
Gurkha Hudson Bay Red Skies,5 out of 5,great smoke,"even burn, consistent flavor, rich smoke with a satisfying draw."
Gurkha Hudson Bay Red Skies,4 out of 5,Decent cigar,"Every single one has long ashes and draws well. A little strong for me, sometimes a bit oily tasting, with a hit of harshness. But overall, esp for the price, a good smoke."
Gurkha Hudson Bay Red Skies,4 out of 5,Hudson bay,Me and some of my group from the #BOTMFL smoked them and thought they where a good smoke had good flavor and spice at the end.
Gurkha Hudson Bay Red Skies,4 out of 5,Hudson Bay Red Sky,This was my second time ordering this cigar and it is just as good as the first time. Will order again!
Gurkha Hudson Bay Red Skies,4 out of 5,good cigar,good cigar
Gurkha Hudson Bay Red Skies,4 out of 5,great cigar!!!,I will definitely buy this cigar again.
Gurkha Hudson Bay Red Skies,5 out of 5,Gurkha Hudson Bay Red Skies are GREAT,"These cigars are a nice mild, good draw, and consistent smoke. I highly recommend."
Gurkha Hudson Bay Red Skies,4 out of 5,Can't Beat Them for the Price,"These are just a good solid cigar. Even burn, solid construction, moderate smoke output and attractively packaged. There wasn't as much flavor in these as I was hoping for but still a good everyday cigar."
Gurkha Hudson Bay Red Skies,4 out of 5,Fast burner.,Decent taste and actually rather mild. Burns rather quickly. A good cigar to light up when you don't have much time to smoke.
Gurkha Hudson Bay Red Skies,5 out of 5,nice medium flavor. All have,nice medium flavor. All have burned even and well.
Gurkha Hudson Bay Red Skies,5 out of 5,Excellent brand,I really enjoyed smoking these cigar they were very smooth
Gurkha Hudson Bay Red Skies,5 out of 5,Great cigar for the price,Great cigar for the price
Gurkha Hudson Bay Red Skies,5 out of 5,Hudson Bay,"Bought a box of 20, they came neatly packaged and in excellent condition. Amazing taste all the way to the nub. Thanks"
Gurkha Hudson Bay Red Skies,5 out of 5,Nice simple smokes,A good even burning smoke. A bit of spice in the beginning but evens out at the end.
Gurkha Hudson Bay Red Skies,5 out of 5,Yes it is a good,Yes it is a good cigar
Gurkha Hudson Bay Red Skies,3 out of 5,Just OK,"Was not terribly impressed with these, but good size for when it’s really hot outside."
Gurkha Hudson Bay Red Skies,4 out of 5,Gurkha Bay Red Sky Toro,Nice construction. Burns pretty even. Good flavor and smooth. I've been smoking them down to the nub. Good daily smoke.
Gurkha Hudson Bay Red Skies,4 out of 5,Consistent,Consistent cigars. Nice smoke
Gurkha Hudson Bay Red Skies,4 out of 5,Gurkha red sky,This is a nice smooth smoke. Especially if you don't have time for one of the big boys.
Gurkha Hudson Bay Red Skies,5 out of 5,Awesome smoke,Great looking.. great taste.. perfect after dinner or on the golf course
Gurkha Hudson Bay Red Skies,3 out of 5,Gurkha Hudson Bay Red Skies Cogar,Decent cigar for the price. No harsh after-taste.
Gurkha Hudson Bay Red Skies,4 out of 5,Red Skies at Night!,Smooth but flavoful. Limited peppery overtones. Good value.
Gurkha Hudson Bay Red Skies,4 out of 5,Good even smoke,Overall a good smoke. Typically a good even burn. I had a couple that had a harder draw but overall a really good smoke.
Gurkha Hudson Bay Red Skies,4 out of 5,Great all around smoke,Great all around smoke
Gurkha Hudson Bay Red Skies,5 out of 5,Gurkha Red Skies,"Mild,mellow and perfect burn. This is my favorite ""quick"" smoke! Not one of the whole box tunneled,was hard to keep lit, or burned at the end. Will gladly buy again."
Gurkha Hudson Bay Red Skies,3 out of 5,Fast burning avg cigar,"The cigar burns pretty fast. It's not harsh but it's not smooth either. It's a lbit ""grassy"" tasting. If you're looking for a premium taste in an inexpensive cigar, this isn't it. The price in this case indicates what you get. Average"
Gurkha Kaizad,4 out of 5,The cigars were awesome. The,The cigars were awesome. The deal it came with was trash. The sunglasses was not in the shipment and have yet to be sent out!! Customer service is subpar!!!!
Gurkha Kaizad,5 out of 5,Great Gurkha!,"Here is another Gurkha I've only recently heard of but Ive come to love. I feel like (and I yhink most smokers will agree) that Gurkha is overly confusing with their 12,000 blends featuring the rarest tobaccos reared by the jabooki monks on the moons of jupiter yada yada... But, most will also agree most Gurkhas are a solid bet for at least decent smoke. This smoke is no exception. In fact, I'd call it a sleeper. I see some bad reviews but I love this smoke. Its got a beautiful connecticut wrapper, which normally isnt my jam, but its got a solid medium strength with a lil pepper too. Construction was absolutely perfect right down to the last inch. The taste was superb and never burned hot or got an acrid taste. Creamy, nutty, slightly peppery right to the end."
Gurkha Kaizad,4 out of 5,Take your time,"Good burn, pleasant taste, great smoke. Honestly this surprised me wasn't expecting much got this in a sampler of some gurkhas I had never heard of that's why I bought it. What I don't get is he's guys leaving these negative reviews I bet you it's because they don't storm properly and let him rest in year enough before they smoke them I've had these sitting in one of my humidors for about 2 months maybe three they need to start doing that before they leave bad reviews you don't smoke a cigar right when you get it let it rest give it some time and you'll be pleasantly surprised"
Gurkha Kaizad,5 out of 5,I enjoy Gurka cigars,I enjoyed them so much I bought a backpack with the their logo
Gurkha Kaizad,5 out of 5,Gurkha Kaizad Toro,Bsd. Excellent mellow Gurkha cigar. Just had one earlier today on my air conditioned ventilated cigar porch at home. Great smoke
Gurkha Kaizad,5 out of 5,Good cigar love it,Good cigar love it
Gurkha Kaizad,4 out of 5,Good Stick,Very Nice!
Gurkha Kaizad,4 out of 5,Ok,Ok
Gurkha Kaizad,2 out of 5,Harsh smoke,Harshly strong when you first light up. By the middle it gets tolerable but needs relighting and smokes harsh after the first half to the end. one of the worst cigars I've ever smoked. I gave them away to people who just seem to have their hands out for freebies. That ought to break them of that. I saved my better cigars for those who enjoy a quality cigar.
Gurkha Kaizad,4 out of 5,Excellent cigar for the money.,Excellent cigar for the money. Smooth and mild with a good draw.
Gurkha Kaizad,2 out of 5,Disappointing stick,Bitter with an irregular burn. Smoke like a cheap cigar.
Gurkha Kaizad,5 out of 5,Smooth & mellow,"Nice draw, smooth, tasty smoke!"
Gurkha Kaizad,1 out of 5,David,Taste OK. Nice draw. Does not burn well. Not well wrapped. Ashes flake off. Very disappointed.
Gurkha Kaizad,5 out of 5,"Nice, mild cigar. Even burn","Nice, mild cigar. Even burn and good flavor."
Gurkha Kaizad,5 out of 5,Taste great,"The Gurkha Kaizad, has a good burn plus great taste and great pull, injoyed this cigar."
Gurkha Kaizad,2 out of 5,Gurkha Smurkha,"I guess being a Gurkha, I was expecting a better cigar. Five cigars (I purchased ten) wouldn’t stay lit, the wrappers came apart and they canoed when they did stay lit. A waste of good money this time around."
Gurkha Kaizad,1 out of 5,Wrapper was thin and dry. Filler was loose and burned too quickly.,I am a frequent buyer at Cigar International and always happy with my purchase. This one fell through the cracks.
Gurkha Kaizad,1 out of 5,Possibly one of the worst,Possibly one of the worst cigars I’ve had in a long time
Gurkha Kaizad,2 out of 5,First bad cigar,"These were the first bad cigars I have purchased. They were dry, burned very fast and hot. Wrapping came off during smoking. Threw most of them away"
Gurkha Kaizad,2 out of 5,Gurkha Kaizad,"Love Gurkhas, but this one didn't measure up.."
Gurkha Kaizad,3 out of 5,Gurkha Kaizad Toro,"Less than desirable, somewhat harsh."
Gurkha Kaizad,1 out of 5,Bad experience.,Cigar wrapper came apart in the early smoking of the cigar. It was like the cigar was expanding in diameter as you were smoking it. Cigar International was great in replacing the product.
Gurkha Kaizad,1 out of 5,Unexpected failure,I've never had a cigar come totally apart on me while smoking it! From the bottom up you gotta be kidding me! Not a fan of this cigar but I am a big fan of Gurkha brand
Gurkha Kaizad,5 out of 5,Want more.,"Well made and very smooth creamy smoke, want more of these."
Gurkha Kaizad,5 out of 5,BEST CIGAR EVER,"It's common knowledge that K. Hansotia is the man when it comes to cigars. However, it's not common knowledge that there's a cigar available that has his name on it because he rolled it for himself. The equivalent of Brain May's Red Special, this is a masterpiece cigar for a master cigar maker's personal taste. I must have the same taste as Kaizad, because this is by far the best cigar I've ever had, and the only thing that can come close is a Gurkha Cellar Reserve 21 year aged. A luxurious experience of subtlety and nuance, hints of espresso linger along side creamy caramel. Do not even hesitate to buy one of these, buy as many as you can, and smoke them as often as possible. I'm not a fan of toros in general, but I would want this cigar in no other size, since toro offers the right amount of length and gauge for this blend Kaizad has brilliantly created, and it's an effortless smoke that draws you in like a perfectly made film."
Gurkha Kaizad,3 out of 5,A bit stronger than expected,Good cigar. No change in flavor throughout the smoke.
Gurkha Kaizad,5 out of 5,Pretty good smoke.,Pretty good smoke.
Gurkha Kaizad,5 out of 5,Gurkha Toro,"Great cigar, very smooth"
Gurkha Kaizad,4 out of 5,"Well made, burned nicely, good","Well made, burned nicely, good taste"
Gurkha Kaizad,3 out of 5,Average at best for me.,"Meh, nothing special. Burned fine, just didn't leave me wanting more."
Gurkha Kaizad,3 out of 5,Ok not my favorite,Enjoyed this cigar but will not be on my favorites list is clean burning good flavor right thru
Gurkha Kaizad,1 out of 5,Never again,The first 5 pack I received all had split wrappers and were unsmokable. CI replaced them. The second 5 had wrappers intact but were still unsmokable. Wouldn't stay lit and when they did they smoked HOT and were extremely bitter. Had to be the most frustrating 2 cigars I have ever smoked. I threw the other 3 into the firepit.
Gurkha Kaizad,1 out of 5,It was a hard draw,It was a hard draw and fell apart on me didn't finish half of it
Gurkha Kaizad,3 out of 5,Average,Just not to my taste.
Gurkha Kaizad,4 out of 5,Pretty good,Pretty good
Gurkha Kaizad,5 out of 5,Great Deals,Love the convenience and the variety. Always get more bang for your buck purchasing on CI than any cigar shop. Will recommend for all cigar smokers who deploy to combat zones. CI welcomes APO's and ship fast. I will always recommend and continue to do business with cigar international.
Gurkha Kukri,5 out of 5,Gurkha Kukri Gran Rothschild,Well made. Very good flavor.
Gurkha Kukri,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Gurkha Kukri,3 out of 5,dry,Most of the stucks are dry and need to sit in humidor before smoking.
Gurkha Kukri,4 out of 5,Gurkha kukri,"I'm not a huge Gurkha fan, but this stick was a delight. The foot toasted evenly. The draw was a little loose, but proved no problem. It ashed only twice, so well rolled. Notes were earthy, only getting harsh as it came to an end. Beautiful thick smoke for the hour of enjoyment. Will definitely smoke again."
Gurkha Kukri,5 out of 5,Does not burn hot and,Does not burn hot and is smooth from start to finish.
Gurkha Kukri,4 out of 5,Very tasty,Very tasty
Gurkha Kukri,5 out of 5,Gurkha,Not bad for the price.... thanks C.I
Gurkha Kukri,4 out of 5,Great taste.,Not the type of cigar I normally chose. Taste was great but size was larger than I find comfortable. I enjoy Gurkha's very much and was not disappointed with this package. But because of the large circumference of the cigar I will not order these for future enjoyment.
Gurkha Kukri,3 out of 5,A very smooth smoke,"from the start to the nub, same smooth smoke with a good draw and an even burn"
Gurkha Legend,5 out of 5,Great smoke.,"Beautiful cigar, with great flavor. Extremely smooth. I really enjoyed this stick."
Gurkha Legend,4 out of 5,Most enjoyable,"Really liked them, smooth and mellow with just enough of a bite to be a worthy purchase."
Gurkha Legend,5 out of 5,Top-Notch Gurkha,I buy these regularly for my Cuban Father who loves their Quality and Taste! He shares them with all his Domino Buddies!
Gurkha Legend,5 out of 5,Best Gurkha,"I've always loved the Legend and thought it was the best cigar Gurkha produced. The Toro size is perfect for a relaxing after-dinner smoke - not too long, but long enough to thoroughly enjoy it."
Gurkha Legend,5 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth
Gurkha Legend,4 out of 5,They are all good.,They are all good.
Gurkha Legend,5 out of 5,lousy. underpacked,lousy. underpacked
Gurkha Legend,5 out of 5,Surprised,I bought them on a whim. Turned out to be a great smoke. Ready to burn directly from the package.
Gurkha Legend,5 out of 5,Gurkha Legend box,Excellent. Loved them.
Gurkha Legend,5 out of 5,Tasty cigar,"You can’t go wrong with this cigar. Nice medium cigar, good burn, nice pull of smoke. Awesome aroma!"
Gurkha Legend,4 out of 5,Great!,Great!
Gurkha Legend,5 out of 5,Smooth,nice option for those slow days when the fish are not biting!
Gurkha Legend,5 out of 5,Smooth cigars,I like its smooth taste.
Gurkha Legend,5 out of 5,Excellent flavor,Excellent flavor
Gurkha Legend,5 out of 5,Gurkha Legend,"Smooth cigar, great price."
Gurkha Legend,3 out of 5,GURKHA,THEY WERE OK BUT NOT GREAT
Gurkha Legend,5 out of 5,Gurkha Legend,Great cigar
Gurkha Legend,4 out of 5,Girls box press toro a good buy,This was a pleasant cigar to smoke. Mild with good flavor and a good burn. Would purchase them again
Gurkha Legend,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Nice and smooth
Gurkha Legend,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Gurkha Legend,5 out of 5,The Gurkha Way,"Toasty, oaky, and heady with a fonts of creme. Perfect smoke!"
Gurkha Legend,5 out of 5,Really nice smoke,"I bought a collection of Gurhka's and was pleasantly surprised to find this one. Not as big and nasty as some Gurhka's, this is a medium smoke with a nice burn. I personally like the feel of a box pressed cigar and this one fills the bill - and my fingers."
Gurkha Legend,4 out of 5,Never disappoints,"A nice mellow cigar. The box press has a nice feel, with plenty of smoke. Gurkha never disappoints"
Gurkha Legend,4 out of 5,Cigar deals,Need to have more deals like this one great products incredible price very satisfied with the cigars I got for the price I paid
Gurkha Legend,4 out of 5,I liked them very much,"I liked them very much , they have a smooth draw and flavorful tast"
Gurkha Legend,5 out of 5,Smooth,A smooth cigar that is well-constructed and not overpowering. Will buy again.
Gurkha Legend,3 out of 5,Decent cigar.,"Not a bad cigar, I would buy them again if on sale."
Gurkha Legend,4 out of 5,"Not my ""Cup Of Tea"" sort of...........","I will readily admit that many other reviewers will rate this Gurkha a 5 I can't simply because I don't really enjoy a cigar that is very robust and strong. The cigar is well made, draws well, makes big white smoke and excites your mouth BUT my mouth can only take so much excitement. This Gurkha is overload for me. For all you cigar fans and lover of the Gurkha line this is a good afternoon on the porch smoke. Try it you'll like it."
Gurkha Legend,5 out of 5,Great deal!,Great deal!
Gurkha Legend,4 out of 5,Fat,Light burn even easy on the pull love them
Gurkha Legend,5 out of 5,great smoke @a great price,I bought these to Enjoy and haven't yet..
Gurkha Legend,4 out of 5,Good price for a decent,Good price for a decent cigar.
Gurkha Legend Vintage 2001,4 out of 5,Gurkha Legend Vintage 2001,Nice Cigar
Gurkha Legend Vintage 2001,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
Gurkha Legend Vintage 2001,5 out of 5,Very soothing cigar,I really enjoy the full bodied flavor of the Gurkha Legend Vintage and it pairs well with my rye bourbon
Gurkha Legend Vintage 2001,4 out of 5,Really good flavorful consistent smoke.,Really good flavorful consistent smoke.
Gurkha Legend Vintage 2001,5 out of 5,Ghurka,One of my favorites from my last order.
Gurkha Legend Vintage 2001,4 out of 5,Old reliable,Old reliable
Gurkha Legend Vintage 2001,5 out of 5,Bad Mutha,Great smoke! I truly enjoyed this hour !
Gurkha Legend Vintage 2001,4 out of 5,smoker,excellent value
Gurkha Legend Vintage 2001,3 out of 5,Probably ok but just were,Probably ok but just were not fresh
Gurkha Legend Vintage 2001,5 out of 5,excellent cigar,Very smooth and tasty. You won't be disappointed!
Gurkha Legend Vintage 2001,5 out of 5,Great Flavored Cigar,I have loved the Gurka cigars for years. They are usually very good quality and you have to watch the price points at times but Cigar International usually has great sales on these cigars.
Gurkha Legend Vintage 2001,4 out of 5,great cigar will order again,great cigar will order again
Gurkha Legend Vintage 2001,5 out of 5,One of my favorites.....,Like the draw and burn. Medium profile with flavors that hit the spot. Been going back to these for years.
Gurkha Legend Vintage 2001,4 out of 5,Perfect for a Sunday Afternoon,"Very pleasant smoke overall. Upon lighting up, I was struck by the creaminess of flavor. I felt like the draw was a little too loose for my liking, but the smoke was still dense and thick, gave a great mouth feel. I ended up smoking this stick faster than I usually do, and toward the end, I was really tasting the cocoa and leather flavors.
I am knocking one star off because I felt the quality was lacking a little. Before lighting up, There were a few cracks in the wrapper, nothing that compromised the cigar, but it was still disappointing to see. Also, under the label, there were a couple green spots, almost like they were deliberately hidden there. Nothing that affected the smoke, but would like to see more consistency in coloring."
Gurkha Legend Vintage 2001,5 out of 5,Gurkha Legend,very good flavor relaxing smoke
Gurkha Legend Vintage 2001,5 out of 5,Gurkha Delivers a Great Smoke,"If you are looking for a nice cigar at a price point that wont break the bank, look no further. Cigar has a good flavor and burns evenly. Mine burned true and even. Gurkhas aways pleased my palat. I dont think you'll be disappointed. Try em."
Gurkha Legend Vintage 2001,5 out of 5,Rich aroma and taste,Rich aroma and taste
Gurkha Legend Vintage 2001,4 out of 5,I will buy this cigar,I will buy this cigar again
Gurkha Legend Vintage 2001,4 out of 5,Good Cigar,"Smoking my second vintage 2001 and like the cigar. Nice draw, even burn and good body of smoke. Been smoking cigars for 50 years and must admit I never have tasted coffee, nut, or chocolate as so many so called expert cigar gurus have. A cigar has a taste of its own and it's either good, not so good or terrible. This cigar is a good one. End of story!"
Gurkha Legend Vintage 2001,4 out of 5,Good Cigar,"Smoking my second vintage 2001 and like the cigar. Nice draw, even burn and good body of smoke. Been smoking cigars for 50 years and must admit I never have tasted coffee, nut, or chocolate as so many so called expert cigar gurus have. A cigar has a taste of its own and it's either good, not so good or terrible. This cigar is a good one. End of story!"
Gurkha Legend Vintage 2001,5 out of 5,Very nice,Very nice cigar. Creamy notes of vanilla and cedar start off and white pepper hits on the back end. Burned evenly and draw was near perfect.
Gurkha Legend Vintage 2001,5 out of 5,Gurka,Always a good smoke
Gurkha Legend Vintage 2001,4 out of 5,Nice steady slow smoke.,Nice steady slow smoke.
Gurkha Legend Vintage 2001,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke from end to end.
Gurkha Legend Vintage 2001,5 out of 5,2001 Was a Good Year,"Got mine in a Gurkha 90+ rated sampler. Torpedoes. Loved it from the first draw. Great medium body flavor, smooth with excellent construction and a great draw and burn. I will definitely be adding these to my Gurkha top ten."
Gurkha Legend Vintage 2001,5 out of 5,Can’t go wrong with Gurkha,This cigar was awesome... thanks C.I for great deals and lighting fast delivery. Very happy.
Gurkha Legend Vintage 2001,4 out of 5,mild,Mild smoke slow burn nice for a by the fire cigar
Gurkha Legend Vintage 2001,5 out of 5,must try,"very smooth, a good smoke."
Gurkha Legend Vintage 2001,5 out of 5,Love this stick,Love this stick
Gurkha Legend Vintage 2001,5 out of 5,Good stick,Got this in a sampler....great smoke...good draw....burns nice...did not have to reliit....medium strength....will buy it again
Gurkha Legend Vintage 2001,5 out of 5,Love CI,I havr bren a CI customer for several years and will continue with them because of the prices and freshness of the cigars .
Gurkha Legend Vintage 2001,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Gurkha Legend Vintage 2001,4 out of 5,Nice anytime Stick from Gurkha..,Good mild to medium Smoke.. Smooth with a hint of nuts and spices. Well worth the funds if you're getting them at a decent price.. I could smoke another : -)
Gurkha Legend Vintage 2001,5 out of 5,great Cigar,One of Gurkha's best for the money.
Gurkha Legend Vintage 2001,1 out of 5,Gurkha vintage 2001,"Very uneven burn, disappointed by this gurkha stick."
Gurkha Legend Vintage 2001,5 out of 5,Great Price for great cigars,Love the deal for these wonderful gurkhas. Cigars International is the go to place for cigars online!
Gurkha Legend Vintage 2001,5 out of 5,Fantastic cigar.,This is amazing cigar I really enjoyed this one. Another fantastic cigar from Gurkha. Would buy again.
Gurkha Legend Vintage 2001,5 out of 5,Nice Smoke Great Deal,"It’s a Nice Smoke but usually out of my price range. So had to Jump on this Great CI Deal and Well Worth it!!!
Chez, Long Island, NY"
Gurkha Legend Vintage 2001,5 out of 5,Gurkas,Great smoke!Make sure you have enough time when you smoke these baby’s
Gurkha Legend Vintage 2001,5 out of 5,You won't be disappointed!,Great cigar! Medium bodied. Creamy buttery taste with hints of white pepper. Remains medium throughout. One of the best gurkhas that I've had. Wonderful smoke!
Gurkha Legend Vintage 2001,5 out of 5,Delightful puff,"Mild-medium with a good dose of cocoa great aroma and aftertaste. Will
buy again."
Gurkha Legend Vintage 2001,4 out of 5,Gurkha Vintage 2001,A really good smoke from start to finish.
Gurkha Legend Vintage 2001,3 out of 5,"strong, gotta punch","decent all purpose smoke in my mind. Smoky, and sometimes a little overpowering. Pretty robust and peppery. I've had other Gurkhas I'd rate higher, but I didn't hate this one."
Gurkha Legend Vintage 2001,4 out of 5,Gratifying Gurkhas!,"I'm a novice cigar smoker, about 3mos, but I'm so glad
my first purchase was with CI. Among my early favorites
are Gurkhas, Cohibas, and CI Legends."
Gurkha Legend Vintage 2001,5 out of 5,Good Cigar,I enjoyed these smokes and they were a good price. A win win situation. Thanks.
Gurkha Legend Vintage 2001,3 out of 5,ok,notbad for that prics
Gurkha Legend Vintage 2001,5 out of 5,Very Pleased,"From the time I placed the order to the time I pssita, thoroughly pleased."
Gurkha Legend Vintage 2001,5 out of 5,What is this,"I received this in the mail, looked at it, kind of shrugged my shoulders and was kind of curious what this was. After I lit this up, it is an excellent smoke."
Gurkha Legend Vintage 2001,5 out of 5,Great smokes,Will order again
Gurkha Legend Vintage 2001,5 out of 5,Good Value,"Good Value for the money, Good Cigars, a little hard draw but overall good product"
Gurkha Marauder,4 out of 5,A good quick smoke.,"Great Gurkha flavor, burns well, but a nice fast cigar. Which I like when I’m having one at home. Usually don’t have time for a longer burning cigar unless I’m golfing."
Gurkha Marauder,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,Excellent cigar
Gurkha Marauder,4 out of 5,Feedback,Really liked the cigar quality
Gurkha Marauder,4 out of 5,Enjoyable Smoke,"Great Service, as always!"
Gurkha Marauder,3 out of 5,Good smoke for the yard.,Good smoke for the yard.
Gurkha Marauder,4 out of 5,A good stick,"Excellent draw, great flavor, no harshness, good burn. I would absolutely buy this again."
Gurkha Marauder,4 out of 5,nice product,nice product
Gurkha Marauder,5 out of 5,The Gurkha Marauder has an,"The Gurkha Marauder has an excellent sweet taste, smooth burn and I highly recommend this almost perfect cigar."
Gurkha Marauder,4 out of 5,I like,Probably the Bert gurkha I have smoked so far. I'm not normally a full flavor smoker so these suit me just fine.
Gurkha Marauder,4 out of 5,Good taste slow burn nice!,Good taste slow burn nice!
Gurkha Marauder,4 out of 5,Gurkha Marauder toro,"wide range of top, quality blends that are nothing short of extravagant and smooth tasting cigar throughout the complete smoke."
Gurkha Marauder,5 out of 5,Awesome,Great smoke at a great price!!!
Gurkha Marauder,4 out of 5,Smoth and burns nice good,Smoth and burns nice good flavor
Gurkha Marauder,5 out of 5,Very happy with my recent,Very happy with my recent purchase.
Gurkha Marauder,4 out of 5,Gurkha Marauder,Its a good smooth cigar well rolled and easy to smoke.
Gurkha Marauder,4 out of 5,Ghurka Marauder,Nice stick for the price.......
Gurkha Marauder,4 out of 5,Gurkha Toro,A little to strong for my taste. Not like the Gurkha's I used to order.
Gurkha Marauder,4 out of 5,Unraveling,Unraveling at 1/4 after lit and a waste of cigar dies ash well and doesn’t stay lit good flavor
Gurkha Marauder,5 out of 5,Everything is great shipping was,"Everything is great shipping was fast, I like it the Cigars"
Gurkha Marauder,5 out of 5,Happy customer,Gurkha in general is always a good choice especially when they have a nice discount!
Gurkha Marauder,5 out of 5,Gurkha,Awesome Cigar. Very pleasant!
Gurkha Marauder,4 out of 5,Nice mild smoke,Just right for my after dinner smoke.
Gurkha Marauder,5 out of 5,Nice Cigar - Decent Price,"Nice, mellow tasting, long burning. Would purchase again."
Gurkha Marauder,4 out of 5,A good cigar,Smokes well but why did you charge shipping when you advertised free shipping with that order?
Gurkha Marauder,4 out of 5,Good clean smoke,This cigar is a pleasure to smoke. It burns to the end and stays lit. It's a good cigar for the price.
Gurkha Marauder,5 out of 5,Good and smooth from start,Good and smooth from start to finish.
Gurkha Marauder,4 out of 5,Gurkha,It smoke good
Gurkha Marauder,3 out of 5,Pretty good smoke,Some in the bundle were a bit dry even after keeping in humidor for a time before smoking
Gurkha Marauder,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"They burn good, taste great, and go well with a couple beers."
Gurkha Marauder,4 out of 5,Very good deal!,Very good deal!
Gurkha Marauder,4 out of 5,Good,Good
Gurkha Marauder,4 out of 5,Great taste,"Very nice smoke, great taste"
Gurkha Marauder,5 out of 5,Mild,Mild
Gurkha Marauder,5 out of 5,GREAT DEAL GREAT CIGAR,A nice smooth cigar. As all GURKHA cigars are of fine quality.
Gurkha Marauder,5 out of 5,Great,All Gurkha I have tried are great.
Gurkha Marauder,4 out of 5,Very tasty,Very tasty
Gurkha Marauder,4 out of 5,Looks great,Can’t wait to smoke
Gurkha Marauder,4 out of 5,All around good smoke,All around good smoke
Gurkha Marauder,4 out of 5,gurka,Great flavor. They didn't burn even was only complaint.
Gurkha Marauder,4 out of 5,"Very good, for daily smoke 👍😎",Very nice smoke....
Gurkha Marauder,4 out of 5,Good buy I would rebuy,Taste - Mild and good Draw -Good Burn -Good
Gurkha Marauder,4 out of 5,Like ‘em a lot!,Very tasty and well constructed. Definitely in my re-buy list!
Gurkha Marauder,5 out of 5,Gurkha Mirauder Toro,Great smooth stick with a nice even burn.
Gurkha Marauder,5 out of 5,Great Cigars,Great cigars!
Gurkha Master Select,5 out of 5,Great Cigar!,Excellent smoke and burns evenly
Gurkha Master Select,3 out of 5,Good flavor & quality but,Good flavor & quality but sometimes a challenge staying lit.
Gurkha Master Select,5 out of 5,very smooth cigar,great cigars to chill with a great drink.
Gurkha Master Select,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Gurkha Master Select,5 out of 5,nice,a great smoke
Gurkha Master Select,5 out of 5,Enjoyable!,Enjoyable!
Gurkha Master Select,4 out of 5,Great Value,"Absolute favorite cigar at this price point.
Well made, well wrapped in cedar sleeve (travels well),
Good medium smoke thats builds to a medium full,
a golf course main stay for me."
Gurkha Master Select,4 out of 5,My favorite cigar,"Beautiful, full flavored, easy draw at a great price. Unbeatable."
Gurkha Master Select,4 out of 5,Gurka Master Select XO,I wish it had the taste of the Centurian but for the price it is a good everyday smoke.
Gurkha Master Select,3 out of 5,cigars,good
Gurkha Master Select,5 out of 5,"Rolled very nice, great draw.","Always an even draw, flavors consistent. Miss the 6X50 Doble Maduro but this one is close on flavors. Wish there was a Maduro version."
Gurkha Master Select,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Gurkha Master Select,3 out of 5,cigars,good
Gurkha Master Select,4 out of 5,Great,Great
Gurkha Master Select,5 out of 5,Nice smoke! Very smooth!,Nice smoke! Very smooth!
Gurkha Master Select,3 out of 5,cigars,okay.
Gurkha Master Select,5 out of 5,Nice!!!!!!!,I enjoy most of Gurkha's line of cigars. This one is really nice and smooth throughout the whole smoke. I will defiantly order these again!
Gurkha Master Select,5 out of 5,GAR,Great smoke
Gurkha Master Select,5 out of 5,Gurkha Master Select,"Good value, smokes well, more mellow than rated"
Gurkha Master Select,3 out of 5,Like the park avenue better,Like the park avenue better
Gurkha Master Select,5 out of 5,Outstanding quality and smooth experience.,Outstanding quality and smooth experience. Best paired with a smokey single malt scotch.
Gurkha Master Select,5 out of 5,great,great
Gurkha Master Select,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar,Excellent cigar! It seems that Ghurka and CI can do no wrong!
Gurkha Master Select,4 out of 5,The everyday,"Great flavor past the first inch through the body, by the foot your ready to go. surprising little gem"
Gurkha Master Select,3 out of 5,Decent Daily,"A decent Daily, but not for beginners."
Gurkha Master Select,1 out of 5,Rate girls cigar,"Not a fan. I love girls cigars, never had a bad one but this cigar the master select is not very pleasing. Burns well and easy draw but doesn’t please the pallet and burns hot"
Gurkha Master Select,4 out of 5,It's a nice smoke,Thank you
Gurkha Master Select,5 out of 5,Gurkha Cigars,This is a very good medium cigar with good flavor. Thank You Gurkha
Gurkha Master Select,5 out of 5,great,i love these cigars..great taste
Gurkha Master Select,3 out of 5,Ok smoke,Not a bad smoke a little strong on the pepper side but smokes good and smells good.
Gurkha Master Select,5 out of 5,great cigar,great cigar
Gurkha Master Select,3 out of 5,Just me,Their ok
Gurkha Master Select,5 out of 5,Excellent,Gurkha never disappoints - very tasty
Gurkha Master Select,4 out of 5,"Good, solid medium strength cigar,","Good, solid medium strength cigar, well constructed."
Gurkha Master Select,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Enjoy the full body from start to finish.
Gurkha Master Select,4 out of 5,Gurkha,"This cigar stands up to the Gurkha reputation of creating enjoyable cigars. Even burn, nice ash and stays lit throughout."
Gurkha Master Select,5 out of 5,Fantastic,"Very smooth, great smoke well worth the price"
Gurkha Master Select,5 out of 5,GreAt cigar,Fine smoke
Gurkha Master Select,5 out of 5,Elegant and classy,Elegant and classy
Gurkha Master Select,5 out of 5,Gurkha master select,"good cigar, flavorful and easy draw."
Gurkha Master Select,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"I really like this cigar. I have smoked several down to the nub. The draw is very good, the burn is excellent, and it has a flavorful taste. Highly recommended!"
Gurkha Master Select,4 out of 5,Good,Good
Gurkha Master Select,1 out of 5,Seemed dry and didn't burn,Seemed dry and didn't burn well. Had to relight on several occasions. Not a good draw. All in all disappointed.
Gurkha Master Select,5 out of 5,It's a Gurkha,Good as usual
Gurkha Master Select,1 out of 5,Not fresh,I I was very disappointed with this product they were not fresh and very stale and brittle broke up and unrolled on me. I actually threw the last three away.
Gurkha Master Select,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Gurkha Master Select,4 out of 5,Great cigar,Great smooth cigar at an excellent price.
Gurkha Master Select,3 out of 5,Gurka master XO,"good cigar, good price."
Gurkha Master Select,5 out of 5,Gurka master select,"Great smoke, last a long time with a smooth taste."
Gurkha Master Select,4 out of 5,BTMP,Good Cigar
Gurkha Master Select Connecticut,3 out of 5,Dry and stale.,Part of the Connecticut sampler. I had to wait because they were back ordered and they arrived dry and stale. (Expected fresh cigars.) Have come back to life in my humidor but just average now.
Gurkha Master Select Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great service on phone order.,Great service on phone order. She sold me a great selection. TY
Gurkha Master Select Connecticut,4 out of 5,Smooth easy draw. Slow burn,Smooth easy draw. Slow burn
Gurkha Master Select Connecticut,4 out of 5,Great value,Nice flavor and well made
Gurkha Master Select Connecticut,5 out of 5,Very nice smoke,Very nice smoke
Gurkha Master Select Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great deal.,Very smooth and well burning cigar.
Gurkha Master Select Connecticut,4 out of 5,Smoothie,Nice and mild just the way I like it
Gurkha Master Select Connecticut,5 out of 5,"Thoroughly enjoyable, mild smoke perfect","Thoroughly enjoyable, mild smoke perfect for puffing on while working around the house."
Gurkha Master Select Connecticut,4 out of 5,Great sticks great price,"They’re all tasty, full of flavor but mellow. Hard to decide which one to smoke!"
Gurkha Master Select Connecticut,2 out of 5,Low quality low consistency,Low quality low consistency
Gurkha Master Select Connecticut,5 out of 5,Master sums up this cigar!,"Gurkha Master select CT is impressive by any cigar standards. The CT wrapper is flawlessly smooth to the touch and easy on the eyes. The Master has that true CT wrapper flavor of cedar and earthy richness. The draw is effortless and the flavor is on point. I have been a fan of fuller bodied cigars, but this stick has lots of flavor. It stands at a M-body with real complexity that you usually don't taste in lighter bodied cigars. The cigar has volumes of creamy smoke that leaves the palate wanting more. I just ordered more of them when I was asked to write a review, so the memory is fresh in my mind. I usually smoke my lighter bodied smokes from breakfast up until dinner - then I have my ""go to"" fuller bodied cigars, but this is one of my faves right up until after dinner. This is a masterful smoke from Gurkha that will leave you satisfied down to the nub."
Gurkha Master Select Connecticut,5 out of 5,Excellent shipping service.,Excellent shipping service.
Gurkha Master Select Connecticut,4 out of 5,CT,"If you like a light smoke, this is a good one. Great smoke for the golf course!"
Gurkha Master Select Connecticut,5 out of 5,Gréât service,Gréât service
Gurkha Master Select Connecticut,2 out of 5,not my favorite,Advertised as mild but it was harsh and just not a good smoke.
Gurkha Master Select Connecticut,3 out of 5,Gurka,Not bad didn’t burn real good
Gurkha Master Select Connecticut,4 out of 5,Gurkha Select Connecticut . A nice cigar.,"I really enjoyed this cigar, a nice smooth slightly sweet smoke. A relaxing, carefree smoke as the burn was razor sharp and required no re-lighting or touch- ups along the way. No bad after taste or burning of the palate. I recommend this cigar and will be purchasing more soon."
Gurkha Master Select Connecticut,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,Great cigar and really great service from CI.....you guys rock!!!!
Gurkha Master Select Connecticut,5 out of 5,Holding it's own,"purchased in a sampler with offerings from Alex Bradley Brickhouse and Macanudo this jewel held its own and then some. solid tasty, easy burning, relit easily, and didn't quick consistent from start to finger singeing nub. Better than the box pressed ""V"" from another factory"
Gurkha Master Select Connecticut,5 out of 5,Good Gurkas,"I always like Gurkas, despite the outrageous ""deals"" they offer. Hard to believe they ever really sell for their regular price given how much of a discount they usually offer. These cigars were exceptional, though. I like mild and these were mild, but the flavor and construction were even better than what I have come to expect from Gurka. There is no name on the lapel, so remember what they are after you buy them, as you will probably come back for more."
Gurkha Master Select Connecticut,2 out of 5,Ugh,"Burned uneven, tasted old and like a commodity cigar."
Gurkha Master Select Connecticut,3 out of 5,"Burned a little uneven, but","Burned a little uneven, but good every day stick"
Gurkha Master Select Connecticut,4 out of 5,Solid Smoke,Consistently good cigar
Gurkha Master Select Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Smooth taste with no bite. Would smoke these puppies all the time. No question they are worth a flyer.
Gurkha Master Select OVB,5 out of 5,A+,Just as good as I remember them from over 10 years ago! A very complex and interesting blend. Hoping to see the price come down some
Gurkha Ninja,4 out of 5,"Good smoke, but seem a little weak.","Used to enjoy these a lot, but it’s been a while since I bought a box. Seemed milder than before, but a very decent smoke, basically flawless construction with a perfect draw so far. (Only had 2 out of this box so far)"
Gurkha Ninja,1 out of 5,Poorly shipped,Upon arrival the cardbard shiping box was fine but the wooden cigar box was cracked open. All the cigars were dried out and despite trying to rehydrate them the outer shell flaked off of every one i tried to smoke. So the draw was horrible and the end piece in my mouth fell apart.
Gurkha Ninja,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good cigar . Usual great service from CI
Gurkha Ninja,5 out of 5,A very enjoyable smoke,A very enjoyable smoke
Gurkha Ninja,1 out of 5,EW in NJ,"DO NOT BUY. Tossed out almost the whole box. They do not light, stay lit, burn evenly. Buy the Beast's much better."
Gurkha Ninja,2 out of 5,Poorly rolled,"the cigar as far as its smoke and flavor is great. I enjoyed the cigar and it had a very unique taste. However, I bought a box of 20 and over half of the cigars contained in that box were cigars with cracked and broken wrappers or even holes, so the cigar would fall apart as you smoked it. I even kept it in a humidor with the proper humidity levels, but still I would open a package and find a crack running down the side of the cigar as if someone had bent the cigar before they placed it in the box. And then of course as I smoke it, the cigar expands and the wrapper begins to separate from the cigar. This of course ruins any cigar no matter how good the actual smoke is. Because of this, I did not enjoy my box of Nonjas and would not recommend purchasing one unless you can inspect it before you buy it."
Gurkha Omen,4 out of 5,"Nice mild smoke, kind of","Nice mild smoke, kind of a smooth creamy taste, with a hint of earth and even some cocoa in the second 3rd, even burn."
Gurkha Omen,5 out of 5,great smoke,great smoke great price
Gurkha Omen,4 out of 5,Gurka,good smokes
Gurkha Omen,5 out of 5,Great smoke for the money,These are decent cigars ! I really enjoyed them. They are very flavorful. They aren't over bearing It's a really nice smoke. I'd buy them again.
Gurkha Omen,5 out of 5,I wish they were still available...,"Gotta love Gurkha!! I purchased the Gurkha Omen because of the clearance deal and was so please the quality of the cigar that I purchased it several more times....boy, I wish they were still available!"
Gurkha Omen,4 out of 5,Decent Cigar for the Money,Cigar has a little spice but it's pretty smooth. Some of Gurkha's products can be very overbearing when it comes to flavor and smoke. It's not bad. A cheap go to Cigar after a hard days work !
Gurkha Omen,5 out of 5,Great smoke enjoyable,Great smoke enjoyable
Gurkha Omen,4 out of 5,The Omen,"After being a Gurkha enthusiast for the past near decade, there wasn't any disappoinment when I tried The Omen. It is a part of the Family of Gurkha. If you know them"
Gurkha Omen,5 out of 5,Nice and smooth,Nice and smooth puff! Medium body. Smooth from the beginning 'till the end.
Gurkha Omen,1 out of 5,Girl a omen,"Not much flavor, wouldn't order them agian."
Gurkha Omen,5 out of 5,Very satisfied,Great value!!!! Phenomenal flavor and smoke
Gurkha Omen,4 out of 5,Always a good deal,Always a good deal
Gurkha Omen,5 out of 5,perfect,perfect
Gurkha Omen,5 out of 5,Give em a try,"Awesome cigar, nice aroma, smooth taste"
Gurkha Omen,5 out of 5,Awesome,Awesome
Gurkha Omen,4 out of 5,Gurkha review,"Hmm.... Let's see.... The cigar was OK didn't burn evenly, but had a a good test, very satisfying to smoke, if you don't mind relighting the bottom /top half that's not burning."
Gurkha Omen,5 out of 5,Very Nice Smoke,"Very nice smoke. Light profile, easy draw, another great cigar from Gurkha!"
Gurkha Omen,4 out of 5,"very mild,not firm,smooth draw,decent burn.","very mild,not firm,smooth draw,decent burn."
Gurkha Omen,5 out of 5,Lovely stick,Burns nice
Gurkha Omen,5 out of 5,Gurkha cigars,Gurkha are my favorite cigars
Gurkha Omen,5 out of 5,Good Smoke,very enjoyable with a nice smother flaver
Gurkha Omen,3 out of 5,Mild and Pretty Tasty,"This was a nice first cigar of the day - mild an pretty tasty. And, at the price, it was a bargain."
Gurkha Omen,4 out of 5,Pretty good cigar a little,Pretty good cigar a little harsh but good for the golf course.
Gurkha Omen,5 out of 5,Good cigar,"Well made, good flavor, great price."
Gurkha Omen,3 out of 5,"Cigars are average, consistent quality,","Cigars are average, consistent quality, too mild for my taste."
Gurkha Omen,5 out of 5,The cigar were great I,The cigar were great I will not buy my cigar no where but ci
Gurkha Omen,5 out of 5,Gurkha Omen Gran Rothschild,"The first one I tried, I thought this is a joke or a prank. It tasted like hay. The second time I gave it a try, I thought, is this the finest cigar I've ever smoked? Very subtle, fair and elegant. Lots of flavor."
Gurkha Omen,5 out of 5,Love good smoke,Love good smoke
Gurkha Omen,5 out of 5,Good taste all the way,Good taste all the way to a fine finish. Really good cigar
Gurkha Omen,5 out of 5,A new favorite,"Enjoyable smoke, on the mild side."
Gurkha Omen,5 out of 5,great smooth smokes .,great smooth smokes .
Gurkha Omen,5 out of 5,Great smooth smoke,Great smooth smoke
Gurkha Omen,5 out of 5,Gurka Omen,"They are a great cigar for the price, well constructed and good flavor."
Gurkha Omen,4 out of 5,Easy and even burn.,Easy and even burn.
Gurkha Omen,2 out of 5,hit or miss,hit or miss one cigar is great the next it won't burn right
Gurkha Omen,5 out of 5,Great smoke,This cigars look light but they are nice and bold. Love them.
Gurkha Omen,5 out of 5,Gurkha Omen,"Cigar is a solid smoke, good burn all the way down and packed with flavor. I definitely would order them again"
Gurkha Omen,5 out of 5,Loved it,Loved it
Gurkha Omen,5 out of 5,gurka omen,"I LIKE THEM ALOT
1 WAS SORRY TO SEE THE PRICE'S GO UP WHEN THE ECONOMY WAS DOING SO GOOD.IVE ENJOYED SMOKING THE OMEN VERY MUCH, I ALSO WAS SORRY TO SEE THE PRICE OF DUQUE AND SMIILLAR CIGARS GO UP IN PRICE. I'M NOT GOING TO COMPLAIN. YOU HAVE NO IDEA OF WHAT MY FARTHER MEANT ABOUT THE GOOD OLD DAY'S!!!!"
Gurkha Omen,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent just what I thought it would be
Gurkha Omen,4 out of 5,Very good,Very good
Gurkha Omen,5 out of 5,Quite a shock considering the price,Very delightful to smoke. Smooth smoking.
Gurkha Omen,5 out of 5,very good,very good
Gurkha Omen,5 out of 5,great gurkha,very good cigar definitely would buy again
Gurkha Omen,5 out of 5,Rothchild,Loved them. Fair price also.
Gurkha Omen,5 out of 5,Awesome sticks!,Smooth even draw awesome flavor and great price!
Gurkha Omen,4 out of 5,Good cigar. They were a,Good cigar. They were a little dry upon arrival to me.
Gurkha Omen,4 out of 5,Nice and smooth,"Great value, consistent burn, smooth taste."
Gurkha Omen,4 out of 5,I’m a stronger cigar kind,I’m a stronger cigar kind of guy but these were great and great price. Worth a try
Gurkha Omen,4 out of 5,good cigar,it is very good
Gurkha Pan American,4 out of 5,Solid,Another Gurkha that did not disappoint.
Gurkha Pan American,4 out of 5,I like them good value,I like them good value
Gurkha Pan American,4 out of 5,Great smoke,Burned steady and slow. Great flavor throughout.
Gurkha Pan American,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"Very happy with this cigar.
Nice flavor and even burn."
Gurkha Pan American,4 out of 5,Gurkha panamerica,Gurkha panamerica
Gurkha Pan American,4 out of 5,Pan Am,"Good smoke, great ash and finish..."
Gurkha Pan American,5 out of 5,forgot how much I liked those Gurkha,I haven't had one in a while and it was tasty.
Gurkha Pan American,5 out of 5,I like it!,"Good taste, good draw, good smoke."
Gurkha Pan American,3 out of 5,Pan American,The burn is quite inconsistent. Literally half burn fantastic and the other half are a struggle to keep lit. The flavor is great. A smoother enjoyable cigar when burning nice.
Gurkha Pan American,3 out of 5,You don’t smoke the Packaging,Coolest cigar box ever but the cigars ...... when I received order some cigars were cracked and dry. Cigars are very mellow good with a morning coffee to help along.
Gurkha Pan American,5 out of 5,Gurkha Pan American 60 ring,The cigars were very dry.
Gurkha Pan American,4 out of 5,Good drawing cigar but gets,Good drawing cigar but gets very warm toward the end. Donnie
Gurkha Pan American,5 out of 5,gurkha pan american,nice flavor and draw. even burn
Gurkha Pan American,5 out of 5,Birthday gift,I bought these as a B-day gift for a relative and it went over very well. I have not got any feedback yet about how the smoking experience was but he is hard to dissapoint.
Gurkha Park Avenue,4 out of 5,Nice smooth smoke and good,Nice smooth smoke and good value.
Gurkha Park Avenue,5 out of 5,Gurkha...nuff said,"I refuse to pay a ton of $ for a good smoke. Gurkha always delivers. As with all online cigar orders, there will be a bad burn here and there but it's rare."
Gurkha Park Avenue,5 out of 5,Park Ave 44 Churchills,"Always a pleasant mild cigar, perfect on a hot sunny late afternoon."
Gurkha Park Avenue,5 out of 5,Pleased,"I enjoy this cigar, it burns evenly, has a nice aroma, and puts me in a pleasant state of mind. Good choice!"
Gurkha Park Avenue,5 out of 5,Gurkha Park Avenue,These are my go to cigars. Always enjoyable.
Gurkha Park Avenue,4 out of 5,Very good light and mild,Very good light and mild
Gurkha Park Avenue,5 out of 5,Park Avenue Cigar,Consistently very good in every respect.
Gurkha Park Avenue,5 out of 5,Can not beat the quality for the price.,One of the best cigars for everyday enjoyment that wont hurt your wallet. Great cigar. As far as shipping and handling I give the company a half star. Way to long to receive items I payed for right away. over two weeks to receive.
Gurkha Park Avenue,5 out of 5,Great cigar for decent price.,Great cigar for decent price.
Gurkha Park Avenue,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"Great value, smokes like a much more expensive stick. Very well made."
Gurkha Park Avenue,5 out of 5,Favorite Cigar,This is my husband and I go to favorite.
Gurkha Park Avenue,5 out of 5,Gurkha Park Avenue,"Fantastic smoke. Always a nice even burn. Great cigar to use when introducing a ""newbie"" to the market."
Gurkha Park Avenue,4 out of 5,Good burn and a mild,Good burn and a mild smoke
Gurkha Park Avenue,4 out of 5,"Great dollar value. Very mild,","Great dollar value. Very mild, good flavor and always an even burn. The only negative, and it is minor,is they burn a little fast."
Gurkha Park Avenue,5 out of 5,On Point!,On point! Planning to purchase in bulk!
Gurkha Park Avenue,4 out of 5,JES,A really good smooth smoke. Must be popular because have ordered a few times they have been out of stock. In
Gurkha Park Avenue,5 out of 5,Great cigar at a great,Great cigar at a great price!
Gurkha Park Avenue,4 out of 5,Good smoke,I'd let this one sit in humidor for a few days
Gurkha Park Avenue,5 out of 5,"Park Avenues are the exception, and underrated.","I'm not a cigar aficionado, and realize tastes vary, but I have my opinion.
Gurkha is all about marketing, evidenced by (unless I've miscounted) 86 different cigar labels. Someone below indicated they loved Gurkha cigars, any Gurkha cigar, implying that if Gurkha had a cigar with Scott grass seed lawn clippings from Nicaragua (No. 87?), that gentleman would still be happy. I wouldn't. I've tried many Gurkha cigars. I'll say only that I smoke one, and not because it's Gurkha.
The place where I buy alcohol in Cabo San Lucas (we live there half the year), sells Cuban cigars, only Cuban, and during the last several months I've smoked only Cuban cigars. I just returned home to Medical Lake, Washington and while waiting for my Park Avenue order to arrive, have been smoking a few My Father Connecticuts I still had. While I like My Father Connecticuts and I have no use for Cuba, the two are about the same in terms of smoking pleasure. Of course, others may disagree.
Having said all that, in the Gurkha organization, whoever designed the Park Avenue obviously knew what they wanted, inadvertently creating what I want. Quite a pleasant surprise the first time around a few years ago. Of course, I also like the price. The phrase ""money to burn"" almost literally applies to cigars, and spending more for a Cigar Aficionado Cigar of the Year makes little sense when, for me, Park Avenues provide similar enjoyment."
Gurkha Park Avenue,4 out of 5,A Solid Smoke,"The Park Avenue is a tasty, medium bodied smoke. For the price and quality I think it's a heck of a good deal."
Gurkha Park Avenue,5 out of 5,Great mellow flavorful smoke.,"The description is as accurate as any cigar I’ve ever smoked. The flavor, draw, burn and quality for a cigar at this price is a bargain. Just got done smoking one on the deck and came in and ordered another box of these and also ordered the Torpedo. A great mellow smoke and an everyday “Go To”."
Gurkha Park Avenue,5 out of 5,Light and flavorful,Light and flavorful
Gurkha Park Avenue,5 out of 5,Great value,Great value
Gurkha Park Avenue,5 out of 5,Park Avenue,"I like Gurkha, any Gurkha. For me it has been hard to find an affordable cigar brand, and I like every type of cigar they make. if its a Gurkha, I'm in!"
Gurkha Park Avenue,5 out of 5,Ghurka Park Avenue Rocks!,A top-shelf Connecticut-wrapped gem at a blue collar price. Is there anything better than that?
Gurkha Park Avenue,4 out of 5,Regular,"Mild, smooth draw, slow even burn. Consistent quality ."
Gurkha Park Avenue,5 out of 5,Park avenue,Great cigar. Great draw. Awesome golfing cigar.
Gurkha Park Avenue,5 out of 5,Yummy,"A meal, a drink and then a Gurka Park ave. man I feel like a rich man."
Gurkha Park Avenue,4 out of 5,"Excellent smoke for golfer, fisherman and weekend warrrior","Positives: Easy draw, mild smoke, good taste, little to no after taste and lingering smoke smell on face and clothes. Negatives: I’ve seen firecracker fuses burn slower than these cigars. Overall: good smoke and would buy again , suggest getting Churchill size to enjoy for any amount of time"
Gurkha Park Avenue,5 out of 5,Good one,This is a really pleasant cigar nice surprise
Gurkha Park Avenue,3 out of 5,Priced right.,Priced right.
Gurkha Park Avenue,5 out of 5,Great Value,"I honestly didn’t realize these were gurkhas. Superb smoke, great flavor and overall smoke."
Gurkha Park Avenue,3 out of 5,Fair burn,Little on the dry side. Bought 5 Boxes I’ll put the open one in my aging humidor for a while to see if I can calm them down a little.
Gurkha Park Avenue,5 out of 5,good for the price,nice taste what I expect when I buy from CI.
Gurkha Park Avenue,5 out of 5,Smooth,"Great mild, easy drawing cigar with no burn after smoking."
Gurkha Park Avenue,4 out of 5,This is a pleasure to,"This is a pleasure to light up. They are consistent, very mild, with a taste that satisfies me from beginning to end. An inexpensive cigar with a nice flavor"
Gurkha Park Avenue,5 out of 5,One of the best,"I am a Gurkha fan and enjoy a mild to medium smoker. This on always has a good draw, smokes slowly, and a taste that fits me. I buy these a lot and will continue."
Gurkha Park Avenue,5 out of 5,Fantastic,Excellent cigar slow burn rolled perfect very flavorful.
Gurkha Park Avenue,5 out of 5,Quick Delivery,quick and easy
Gurkha Park Avenue,5 out of 5,Don Rafeal was just ok,"Don Rafeal was just ok , poor burn,,, the Gurka Park ave was a much more balanced smoke with consistent flavor and consistent burn throughout the entire cigar."
Gurkha Park Avenue,4 out of 5,Living On Park Avenue!,"Love this guys! They are CONSISTENTLY good. I am proud to share them with my friends. No complaints yet. Easy draw, lots of smoke, good mild flavor, and lasts a long time. I have not had a bad one in many boxes. You will not be disappointed."
Gurkha Park Avenue,5 out of 5,Park avenue,Great morning smoke. My favorite.
Gurkha Park Avenue,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,It was very smooth and full of flavor. The price can't be beat for the quality. Also great presentation from the box to the tag. I will certainly purchase again.
Gurkha Park Avenue,5 out of 5,Nice mild cigar,"Great cigar for the price. It is pretty mild, which is what I was looking for. Shared some with my friends and they enjoyed them as well."
Gurkha Park Avenue,5 out of 5,Great product - very smooth,Great product - very smooth
Gurkha Park Avenue,4 out of 5,Love the PA's,Smooth creamy and always a good smoke.
Gurkha Park Avenue,4 out of 5,Good,Good
Gurkha Park Avenue,5 out of 5,One of my favorites,One of my favorites
Gurkha Park Avenue,4 out of 5,Great Cigar,"This is my favorite cigar with a mild taste. Even better, it is made by my favorite cigar brand. Gurkha has the best made cigars with the best flavor of any brand. I recommend this cigar and all of Gurkha's cigars to everyone."
Gurkha Park Avenue,4 out of 5,Nice afternoon smoke,This cigar has a pretty good taste.
Gurkha Park Avenue Habano,5 out of 5,My kind of smoke..,My kind of smoke..
Gurkha Park Avenue Habano,4 out of 5,Good Everyday Cigar,Nothing fancy but well constructed and reasonably tasty stick. Good dog-walking smoke.
Gurkha Park Avenue Habano,4 out of 5,Nice Smoke,"While it started out a bit bland, overall turned out to be a good smoke. Earthy, cedar with a touch of hidden chocolate about two thirds of the way in. Needs a little humidor time, but very satisfied with this cigar."
Gurkha Park Avenue Habano,4 out of 5,Nice taste. Burn smooth.,Nice taste. Burn smooth.
Gurkha Park Avenue Habano,5 out of 5,Very good flavor,Very good flavor
Gurkha Park Avenue Habano,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Gurkha Park Avenue Habano,5 out of 5,Gurkha park avenue,Awesome smoke perfect draw and flavorful
Gurkha Park Avenue Habano,4 out of 5,Nice cigar,Nice cigar
Gurkha Park Avenue Habano,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoking cigar for a great price. Definitely recommend
Gurkha Park Avenue Habano,3 out of 5,It is ok but burns,It is ok but burns quick and uneven.
Gurkha Park Avenue Habano,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Gurkha Park Avenue Habano,4 out of 5,Gurk torp.,"Mild mannered clark kent, kinda cigar. Not complex, can be smoked, while workin outside in ur yard. Nice smoke!"
Gurkha Park Avenue Habano,5 out of 5,Nice cigar!,"The whole box had a nice flavor, a nice draw and good burn. Perfect for my evening walk to the park with my dog."
Gurkha Park Avenue Habano,5 out of 5,Consistent in draw and flavor.,Consistent in draw and flavor. Enjoyed tremendously
Gurkha Park Avenue Habano,4 out of 5,Nice everyday smoke at a,Nice everyday smoke at a great price!
Gurkha Park Avenue Habano,4 out of 5,Good Burn,Good burn and mild flavor!
Gurkha Park Avenue Habano,5 out of 5,5 Stars!!!,About as mild of a smoke as you're gonna get. Great draw and puts out great smoke. I smoke one everyday on my locomotive! 😉👌🏽
Gurkha Park Avenue Habano,3 out of 5,Decent smoke for the price,"The Park Avenue is a decent cigar, it is a pretty well constructed cigar but a bit bland doesn’t really a full flavor taste for a Habano"
Gurkha Park Avenue Habano,5 out of 5,Good cigar but OI wanted,Good cigar but OI wanted lighter wrapper got darker one.
Gurkha Park Avenue Habano,4 out of 5,park avenue,"Quality construction, good draw and rich flavor all at great price."
Gurkha Park Avenue Habano,4 out of 5,An Excellent Value,These cigars are smooth and burn even. They're a great value for the price.
Gurkha Park Avenue Habano,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Gurkha Park Avenue Habano,5 out of 5,Gurka Park Avenue,Delicious
Gurkha Park Avenue Habano,5 out of 5,Every day cigar,"Good mild cigar, not too pricey, smooth drawing and burns evenly. Will keep looking for these when on sale. 2-fers are even better."
Gurkha Park Avenue Habano,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Gurkha Park Avenue Habano,5 out of 5,A nice smoke.,A nice smoke.
Gurkha Park Avenue Habano,3 out of 5,They're ok,"Good construction, good draw, very mild. Pretty good cigar at a fair price..... I will very likely buy more."
Gurkha Park Avenue Habano,4 out of 5,NICE AND CONSISTENT THROUGHOUT THE,NICE AND CONSISTENT THROUGHOUT THE CIGAR. VERY RELAXING.
Gurkha Park Avenue Habano,5 out of 5,THIS IS A MUST TRY CIGAR,"Gurkha Park Ave. Habano Churchhills are a very good cigar.Great flavor, good burn and very satisfying. I will buy again."
Gurkha Park Avenue Habano,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Gurkha Park Avenue Habano,4 out of 5,Finding this a tasty cigar...nice,Finding this a tasty cigar...nice even burn and lasts my entire golf game!!!😁
Gurkha Park Avenue Habano,5 out of 5,Great flavor,Great flavor
Gurkha Park Avenue Habano,4 out of 5,cjkoilman,actually a 41/2 rating. A steal at the sale price. Excellent cigar from Ken Hansoitia.
Gurkha Park Avenue Habano,5 out of 5,good smoke and as always,good smoke and as always burns nice and even
Gurkha Park Avenue Habano,4 out of 5,provide free delivery even if,provide free delivery even if you built it into the price of the cigars.
Gurkha Park Avenue Habano,5 out of 5,Smooth,"Great smoke, ordering more"
Gurkha Park Avenue Habano,5 out of 5,Really good Cigar,Love it!
Gurkha Park Avenue Habano,4 out of 5,Classy smoke,Milder then what it looks. A very nice relaxing smoke
Gurkha Park Avenue Habano,4 out of 5,Very excellent,Very excellent
Gurkha Park Avenue Habano,5 out of 5,Very good cigar. Enjoyed it,Very good cigar. Enjoyed it very much
Gurkha Park Avenue Habano,3 out of 5,3 stars,Left a nasty tast in my mouth. Most of the cigars where rolled to tight.I do not recommend.
Gurkha Park Avenue Habano,5 out of 5,Rockin cigar,Smooth flavor. Excellent even burn. Stays lit without having to pull constantly.
Gurkha Park Avenue Habano,4 out of 5,Gurka Park Ave.,"Very smooth, pleasant smoke and milder than I thought. Very enjoyable."
Gurkha Park Avenue Habano,3 out of 5,Not very mild,The ad should have made this more explicit.
Gurkha Park Avenue Habano,4 out of 5,It's a nice smoke,It's a nice smoke
Gurkha Park Avenue Habano,5 out of 5,nice,good cigar easy draw good taste
Gurkha Park Avenue Habano,5 out of 5,Good Cigar,Good Cigar
Gurkha Park Avenue Habano,4 out of 5,Nice smooth cigar. Will definitely,Nice smooth cigar. Will definitely buy again
Gurkha Park Avenue Habano,5 out of 5,Perfect,Arrived on time. Great mild cigar. Loved smoking MG them on the river in montana
Gurkha Park Avenue Habano,5 out of 5,Gurkha Park Avenue,One of the best cigars for the money. Don't be scared by the great price thinking its not a good cigar. Very good performance and nice flavours. My go to cigar on a daily basis.
Gurkha Park Avenue Maduro,4 out of 5,Nice Cigar,The cigar burned perfect. It had a flavorful front of the mouth taste while not giving you that strong after taste in the back.
Gurkha Park Avenue Maduro,4 out of 5,Great cigar for the price!,Great cigar for the price!
Gurkha Park Avenue Maduro,4 out of 5,great smoke easy drew burns,great smoke easy drew burns stright great taste
Gurkha Park Avenue Maduro,5 out of 5,Love them,Love them
Gurkha Park Avenue Maduro,5 out of 5,Tasty,"The fullness of flavor is good. It is smooth, not harsh nor bitter."
Gurkha Park Avenue Maduro,5 out of 5,A chocolate-covered marshmallow,"Extremely laid-back smoke. Very rich, tastes like a chocolate-covered marshmallow. No spice, just warm, even smoke with great flavor. The torpedo is very pleasant to smoke, and burns very well."
Gurkha Park Avenue Maduro,5 out of 5,Gurkha,They are still in my humidor but i have had them before and they are excellent cigars for the price so i ordered them again
Gurkha Park Avenue Maduro,5 out of 5,"Fav,s","Great Cigar ! LOVE the Gurkhas. Nice burn, Great flavor."
Gurkha Park Avenue Maduro,4 out of 5,Good smoke but not a,Good smoke but not a smooth as other brands
Gurkha Park Avenue Maduro,5 out of 5,Gurkha Does it Again...,"The quality, price, taste and packaging all speak for themselves; not to mention the maker: Gurkha! From low-end to high-end cigars, Gurkha just gets it right. Too bad there are only 5,000 boxes of these made. Do yourself a favor and pick up these sticks while they're still here... You deserve a little treat for yourself. Enjoy!!!"
Gurkha Park Avenue Maduro,5 out of 5,Boom,This was my first foray into this cigar. I fired up my first on New Year's Day... I'm happy to say it now holds a place in my heart!
Gurkha Park Avenue Maduro,4 out of 5,Park Avenue Maduro,"I expected a little bit more in the flavor, but was still a good smoke at a reasonable price. All in all well worth it"
Gurkha Park Avenue Maduro,4 out of 5,Gurkha Park Ave. Maduro Torpedo,Excellent value.Great smoke.Had a few friends over and they all gave positive feed back.
Gurkha Park Avenue Maduro,4 out of 5,Nice smoke,"I have been enjoying these cigars for many years! On a recent trip to Las Vegas, Several of my friends tried them and to a man, they said, what a great cigar!"
Gurkha Park Avenue Maduro,5 out of 5,GURHKA,Gurhka Park Avenue Torpedo Madura. Great cigar and great price. Will and have reordered!
Gurkha Park Avenue Maduro,5 out of 5,Gurka 5th Avenue Maduro,"Great taste, Great finish...not a bad cigar. My new ""go to"" cigar!"
Gurkha Park Avenue Maduro,5 out of 5,GREAT SMOKES,"what happened to drew estate legend cigar?
park ave is a great smoke"
Gurkha Park Avenue Maduro,5 out of 5,Very Good Cigar,Very Good Cigar
Gurkha Park Avenue Maduro,4 out of 5,A great smoke!,A great smoke!
Gurkha Park Avenue Maduro,5 out of 5,Gurkha Park Avenue,Unfortunately I’m unable to rate these myself because I had them sent as a gift to my brother but he said they are great. Thanks to Holts for the great gift.
Gurkha Park Avenue Maduro,4 out of 5,Park Ave. Maduro,"Very easy draw..you taste the oil of maduro, as burn slowly."
Gurkha Park Avenue Maduro,5 out of 5,Gutkin Park Avenue,Great cigar at an even better price
Gurkha Park Avenue Maduro,5 out of 5,Good smoke at a great,Good smoke at a great price.
Gurkha Park Avenue Maduro,4 out of 5,Worth the price!,Good value for the money!
Gurkha Park Avenue Maduro,5 out of 5,FRESH AND TASTEY,FRESH AND TASTEY
Gurkha Park Avenue Maduro,4 out of 5,I like them.,I like them.
Gurkha Park Avenue Maduro,4 out of 5,As above,Good smoking and tasting cigar. Will buy then again.
Gurkha Park Avenue Maduro,3 out of 5,Good for moochers,I only smoke Davidoff. I keep cheap cigars to give the moochers.
Gurkha Park Avenue Maduro,3 out of 5,Gurkha Park Avenue Maduro,Well constructed torpedo. Somewhat rough start but smooths out toward. A good value for the price.
Gurkha Park Avenue Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Nice all the way thru
Gurkha Park Avenue Maduro,4 out of 5,Nice for the price,Nicely made. Good ash. Draws well. Taste more of new leather than coco but nice. Well worth the price.
Gurkha Park Avenue Maduro,5 out of 5,Good cigars,Good cigars
Gurkha Park Avenue Maduro,5 out of 5,enjoyable,smooth and even burning
Gurkha Park Avenue Maduro,4 out of 5,Very good,Very good
Gurkha Park Avenue Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke,great cigar for the price daily smoke for me
Gurkha Park Avenue Maduro,5 out of 5,Gurkha Park Ave Maduro,You can’t go wrong when you choose Gurkha. Taste great and very affordable!
Gurkha Park Avenue Maduro,2 out of 5,The only drawback is that,The only drawback is that they don't last as long as most cigars.
Gurkha Park Avenue Maduro,4 out of 5,Nice smoke!,Been buying these for a number of years! Always fresh and consistent!
Gurkha Park Avenue Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke.,I like the firmness of the cigar and ease of draw will smoking. This cigar is now in my top five favorites.
Gurkha Park Avenue Maduro,4 out of 5,Great deal on a tasty cigar,Bought these for a golf outing as a give away. Nothing but positive comments. Great cigar at a great value.
Gurkha Park Avenue Maduro,5 out of 5,Buy these. They get better with age!,"With proper humidification and aging... WOW! This is a Smoke. Great draw and stays lit. I'm not one of those hoity-toity guys who will say it ""tastes of Madagascar tapioca with hints of roasted gyro meat."" I'll just tell you it tastes great and smells awesome."
Gurkha Park Avenue Maduro,5 out of 5,Amazing Gurkha's,Every Gurkha I've tried seems as good as if not better than the last.
Gurkha Park Avenue Maduro,3 out of 5,it was ok,coming from Gurkha maybe i expected to much. Of the 20 about half burned evenly the others not so. The flavor was ok nothing to brag about but it is a nice alternative to my standard and sometimes a different cigar is refreshing.
Gurkha Park Avenue Maduro,5 out of 5,A good smoke.,Great price and a nice mild smoke.
Gurkha Park Avenue Maduro,5 out of 5,The Gentleman's Cigar,"I like to refer to this stick as the gentleman's cigar. It seems a little more full bodied than advertised (which I prefer) and the taste was awesome from start to finish. The smoke was released at a respectable rate, not like a chimney but it was modest; which is why I like to call it a gentleman's cigar. It holds together very well and has a good feel (that is saying a lot because I am not a fan of a torpedo). The band brings it all together with some classy artwork. This is a cigar that you can smoke with any herf crowd and look respectable. Highly recommend."
Gurkha Park Avenue Maduro,5 out of 5,Ghurka,Great smoke good taste
Gurkha Park Avenue Maduro,2 out of 5,Gurkha Park Avenue Maduro Torpedo,"Maybe it's just me, or my humidor practices, but this cigar is wrapped to tight and most of the cigars don't draw worth a damn. This may be my last Park Ave. purchase"
Gurkha Park Avenue Maduro,5 out of 5,Hansotia & Co. is AOK with me,smoked one right off the truck. will be great with a 30 day cedar nap.
Gurkha Park Avenue Maduro,5 out of 5,great service,"everything was great, liked the free lighter"
Gurkha Park Avenue Maduro,5 out of 5,Really a nice cigar,"After storing in my humidor for 2 weeks - Wow , a .fantastic smoke all the way to the nub - great taste- great draw and consistent through all 20- Nice gar - just bought another box"
Gurkha Prize Fighter,5 out of 5,Very mild.easy draw.Recommend to all.,Very mild.easy draw.Recommend to all.
Gurkha Prize Fighter,5 out of 5,Great Cigars,"Incredibly mild and easy draw. Great cigars, especially for the price."
Gurkha Prize Fighter,5 out of 5,Prize Fighter Rocks,"I have been smoking these for years. Smooth, always a good draw, and inexpensive too."
Gurkha Prize Fighter,5 out of 5,Great golf course cigar,Smooth and easy burning cigar for the golf course
Gurkha Prize Fighter,5 out of 5,Not bad,Good burn not to strong all around not bad for a budget cigar
Gurkha Prize Fighter,4 out of 5,Very nice every day smoke,"This has been my go to cigar for quite sometime. However, the last 2 orders were very dry, some unsmokable. This is not the fault of the cigar, but the seller."
Gurkha Prize Fighter,4 out of 5,Great everyday cigar,I truly like theses is my morning smoke with coffee or one if doing some work..in evenings I smoke MADURO cigars .
Gurkha Prize Fighter,5 out of 5,Very nice mild cigar.,Very nice mild cigar.
Gurkha Prize Fighter,4 out of 5,Not bad for a guy,"Not bad for a guy on a budget.
I wish I could afford to buy primo cigars but I'll settle for these.
They are really pretty good.
Easy draw , mild, and even burn"
Gurkha Prize Fighter,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"what a great cigar, burns smooth and tasty"
Gurkha Prize Fighter,4 out of 5,Prize fighter,Nice taste good burn
Gurkha Prize Fighter,4 out of 5,Well constructed with easy draw,Well constructed with easy draw and even burn. Smooth flavor
Gurkha Prize Fighter,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Gurkha Prize Fighter,5 out of 5,Smooth and burns even.,Smooth and burns even.
Gurkha Prize Fighter,4 out of 5,Smooth and easy draw.,Smooth and easy draw.
Gurkha Prize Fighter,4 out of 5,Good cigar,A bit hesitate at first. Turned out to be a good cigar.
Gurkha Prize Fighter,3 out of 5,Just OK,"The review title says it all. They are just average, really, really average"
Gurkha Prize Fighter,4 out of 5,Good cigar for working in,Good cigar for working in the garden or other chores.
Gurkha Prize Fighter,5 out of 5,Gurkah Prize Fighter,"Great cigar, smooth draw with a very palatable flavor. One of my favorite Gurkah’s, as well as a great addition to my vast stable of cigars."
Gurkha Prize Fighter,4 out of 5,Good smoke at a good price,"I'll buy this again and again! It's a good smoke, mild and smooth, and at a very reasonable price. Way to go, Ghurka!"
Gurkha Prize Fighter,5 out of 5,Exactly as advertised,"Nice smoke for a great price. The construction and burn is comparable to a stick 2 or 3 times the price. Extremely level, mild and smooth flavor all the way to the end."
Gurkha Prize Fighter,5 out of 5,Enjoyed smoking the prize fighter.I,Enjoyed smoking the prize fighter.I Gurkha man I like the Gurkha cigars
Gurkha Prize Fighter,5 out of 5,Winner with a KNOCKOUT,"I love these Gurkha Prize Fighter XOs!! They are so smooth, no harsh aftertaste or anything"
Gurkha Prize Fighter,1 out of 5,"Don't be confused K. Hansotia not ""GURKHA""","Bottom line it's your money. I purchased two of these big boys at my LCS because of the low price and the Gurkha name. I paid more for it than Cigars International has listed for on their site. The first stick I only made it through the first third, the second I deconstructed. Before lighting one up I usually inspect it. This XO had a semi loose construction and very nice leathery sheen to the wrapper. It did smell rancid to say the least though. During inspection I pulled an 1/8"" stem from the foot. Through the first third it had a decent flavor which reminded me of a Macanudo Gold kind of sweet & just a light hint of spice with an even burn. After that it was awfull, bitter & harsh, just imagine licking an ash tray. As curiosity got the best of me I deconstructed the second. Very thin wrapper, triple rolled binder which each was considerably thick. The filler was basically full of trash. Like a hot dog, full of all the stuff you would normally throw away. Mixed short fillers, very fine minced tobaccos like cigarette tobacco and Stems. Yes stems plural, thick ones and thin ones. The longest one about an 1-1/4"". I will not be buying this cigar ever again. This review is my experience and I am acknowledging it was not bought from cigars international."
Gurkha Prize Fighter,4 out of 5,Nice cigar!,Nice cigar for the money!
Gurkha Prize Fighter,5 out of 5,Gurkha prize fighter Toro,It's like heaven...so mild and sweet! 😎
Gurkha Prize Fighter,5 out of 5,Gurkha's got it!,Excellent.......
Gurkha Prize Fighter,3 out of 5,Review,Not a bad smoke at all for the price! CI ha the best selection and prices around regardless :)
Gurkha Prize Fighter,5 out of 5,Ghurka prize fighter,I'm not really good with the details like hints of this and notes of that but I love the new Prize Fighter. That's not a huge deal as I really like Ghurkas anyway but the true measure is that I handed some out to a few not so big Ghurka fans and they really like them. I've had a couple with a right draw but overall I really like the Prize Fighter.
Gurkha Prize Fighter,5 out of 5,A great stick!,"Found this to be a mild, flavorful smoke."
Gurkha Prize Fighter,5 out of 5,Can't beat it for the price,"You simply can't beat this for the price. VERY mild cigar. Almost no spice to it until the last third and even then it's just a faint white pepper. Strong notes of sweet cedar and toasted caramel. I first had this cigar as a beginner and it has been difficult to find it years later. Finally found it and ordered 20. Wife and I love this cigar. Tight ash, sharp burn. No complaints for the price."
Gurkha Prize Fighter,5 out of 5,Great Budget Gurkha,"Great everyday cigar. The robusto size are great burners, the larger ones always seem to draw a little too hard."
Gurkha Prize Fighter,3 out of 5,Gurkha prize fighter,"I smoke these cigars regularly as well as other gurkha cigars and enjoy doing so.
For some reason , this bundle was very loosely rolled to the point of a mouth full of tabacco towards the end.
I will certinly try agsin and see if this was just a fluke ."
Gurkha Prize Fighter,5 out of 5,Love the Prize Fighter,Love the Prize Fighter
Gurkha Prize Fighter,1 out of 5,Disappointed!,"I know this is Gurkha's bottom of the line, but I was still expecting a little more. They did not draw well. Some were very hard and others were easy but still didn't smoke as they should. At least I gave them a try."
Gurkha Prize Fighter,3 out of 5,Fair/middle of the road,"Decent flavor, easy draw, but very loose construction, but easy on the budget."
Gurkha Prize Fighter,1 out of 5,Not a Very Good Gurkha.,"I bought a box to try these as my daily smokes. I wasn't looking for perfection, but when you boast Gurkha lineage... You better have something with you.
The flavor, if any, is soft and mild. The outter wrapper were loose and brittle. I am battling through a box of these and the first 6 have all been the same. Not worthy of the Gurkha name. There are other, better constructed, more flavorful smokes out there for only slightly more per stick.
This cigar makes me feel like a crack addict trying to get a fix rather than enjoying my cigar time.
PROS: Price
CONS: construction, flavor
Recommendation: Skip this one."
Gurkha Prize Fighter,4 out of 5,Decent Smoke,"Good smoke, worth the price."
Gurkha Prize Fighter,5 out of 5,A very fine value,"My go to cigar for years has been Hoyo de Monterrey Excaliber no#660 Claro wrap but after trying the Gurkha Prize Fighter XO have a new go to. Mild and creamy just the hint of spice, easy draw and having smoked more than twenty found them to be consistantly pleasant. It should be noted some require a bit of sculpting due to uneven burning, small price to pay for such an enjoyable smoke. It takes me about 1.5 hours to finish but retirement has it's benefits. Roy G. Biv Windham. Maine"
Gurkha Prize Fighter,3 out of 5,Half decent smoke,"It's gurkha's worst but then it's hard to measure up against their high quality. You definitely can do worse. Half way the cigar becomes very soft and moist,a few times i accidentally dropped the cigar cause it's hard to hold on to it under those conditions."
Gurkha Prize Fighter,5 out of 5,Knockout!,When these are in stock I always order a few bundles in different sizes. The 60-ring size can sometimes finish a little bitter but all in all it's a great smoke. And to get a Gurkha in this price range? Cheap enough to smoke them all day!
Gurkha Prize Fighter,5 out of 5,A Knockout?,"I purchased the ""Prize Fighter"" bundle, knowing that it was on the cheap side of the Gurkha line of cigars.... It is, very thin wrapper in most every example. But it is a tasty cigar and worthy, fits nicely as an everyday cigar. Not much on the ""looking at"" side of things but a nice even burn. It likely won't be my last ""Prize Fighter"" purchase."
Gurkha Prize Fighter,3 out of 5,Gurkha Prize Fighter Toro,"Flavor was okay, not great, had a little too much bite for my taste. They tend to be a little tightly wrapped, and burn out too often. Overall a dissapointment to me."
Gurkha Prize Fighter,5 out of 5,Very fast service,Great cigars
Gurkha Red Witch,4 out of 5,A great cigars with a smooth taste,"However, Once you receive them let them seat in your humidor for a couple of days."
Gurkha Red Witch,4 out of 5,I don’t like to reduce,I don’t like to reduce the size the next box Hass to be the tour or if they make a Churchhill but I love it
Gurkha Red Witch,4 out of 5,Great stick for the price,One of my go to cigars. Great flavor and a great stick for the price. Only reason I did not give it 5 stars is it tends to make a bit. The draw is also really good.
Gurkha Red Witch,4 out of 5,Great draw. Great taste.,Took a chance at a cigar store and bought one. From the moment I lit it it was a great cigar. Great draw no wait fantastic draw. Great flavors. Burns kind of fast or it would have been a 5. Gurkha makes a great cigar no matter what. Never had a bad one.
Gurkha Red Witch,5 out of 5,Best cigars,Love them!!
Gurkha Red Witch,5 out of 5,Great smoke! One of my,"Great smoke!
One of my favorites!!"
Gurkha Red Witch,5 out of 5,The Red Witch is an enchantress!,"Found these in a shop in Atlanta. One stick and I was hooked. Well constructed, easy draw and loads of spice. This is my go to cigar. Great with a cup of dark roast. Can't wait for CI to get more in stock. I'll be buying another humidor so I can fill it with the Red Witch."
Gurkha Red Witch,5 out of 5,One of my favorite cigars!,"Every time I had a Red Witch, it was always good. So this time I decided to get my own stash."
Gurkha Red Witch,4 out of 5,Gurkha Red Witch,Easy to smoke however for me she's a very strong cigar filled with lots of spice.
Gurkha Red Witch,5 out of 5,Nice med-full cigar,"Good construction, even burn, lots of smoke.
Would buy again."
Gurkha Red Witch,4 out of 5,Good Smoke,"This is a good cigar, plenty of flavour and produces good smoke. Burns fairly evenly and produces a nice white ash. all in all a nice cigar. I've had the Ghost and the Shaggy and I'd rate these just under the taste of them."
Gurkha Red Witch,2 out of 5,Eh...,Not much flavor. Just ok when you want a long smoke.
Gurkha Red Witch,5 out of 5,One of the secret gems.,"Stay away, I want them all!!!!!"
Gurkha Red Witch,4 out of 5,Enjoyable cigar - use a punch cutter,"I really enjoyed this cigar. Good flavors, easy draw, lots of smoke, and nice even burn. I've smoked three and haven't had to relight once. I think the key to these sticks is to use a punch cut. I used a punch on two of them and it was great. Used a v cut on one and it started falling apart on me towards the end."
Gurkha Red Witch,5 out of 5,The witch,This cigar got some kick for a medium to full stokie.i liked the the flavor of nuts and spice will definetly be back for more
Gurkha Red Witch,5 out of 5,good but strong,"i saw them in a local smoke shop for $7 and they where marked 1/2 off so i bought the 15 of them that was left their i toasted one up was it hit me right away with flavor this is a medium-bodied smoke with flavors of earthy spice, undertones of sweetness, and a smooth finish that provides an enchanting smoking experience.was really good and yes i would buy a box of them but the price is a bit rich for my blood and and my budget but other wise a great cigar"
Gurkha Red Witch,5 out of 5,Truly Uniwue Smoke,"Gurkha is good, but what you really need to do for a unique stick is to find one of their off the commom path labels. This stick is amazing. Notes of chocolate, and all that studf cigar aficionados usually say. You can actually notice those notes in this cigar. Plus the history, name, cool label. It just makes you feel rich."
Gurkha Red Witch,5 out of 5,Red Witch,"Great cigars, nice ash, smooth burn, worth the money."
Gurkha Red Witch,5 out of 5,Redwitch,"Nice stogie witha little bite ,not to mellow. Great smoke for the price , one of my ""go to cigars"" now ."
Gurkha Red Witch,5 out of 5,Don't be scared of the Red Witch,Just a really nice smoke. Very consistent taste every time I've lit one up. It's medium to full but very smooth.
Gurkha Regatta,5 out of 5,Loving This Cigar!,What a smoke!! Start to finish the taste and draws were fanominal! Goo enough for me to move up from samplers to full boxes. I'm no expert but this is a must have in any humidor!
Gurkha Regatta,3 out of 5,Good buy,good very made well.
Gurkha Regatta,5 out of 5,Good value,Enjoyed this cigar. Good slow burn and very reasonably priced.
Gurkha Regatta,4 out of 5,"Solid small,decent value",Enjoy thes sticks. Good smoke...
Gurkha Regatta,4 out of 5,Nice cigar. Moderately priced. Mild,"Nice cigar. Moderately priced. Mild with a nice draw and pleasant flavor, aroma."
Gurkha Regatta,5 out of 5,Fantastic Cigar!,Fantastic Cigar!
Gurkha Regatta,5 out of 5,Fantastic,Great smoke!
Gurkha Regatta,5 out of 5,They are good and small,They are good and small tasting
Gurkha Regatta,4 out of 5,Gurkha Regatta,"Smooth consistent smoke.
Sticks we're softly rolled, but
still a good bargain."
Gurkha Regatta,5 out of 5,Gurkha Regatta Gran Rothschild,Awesome smoke. Highly recommended.
Gurkha Regatta,4 out of 5,Great smoke,Easy draw with great flavors and even better price!
Gurkha Regatta,5 out of 5,Great Cigars,"Very good smooth smoke
Enjoyed very much"
Gurkha Regatta,4 out of 5,a very decent cigar,"These are mild and slightly sweet, but not in a flavor infused way. A delightful smoke. Burned even and easy to draw."
Gurkha Regatta,3 out of 5,good price and not a,good price and not a bad smaoke.
Gurkha Regatta,5 out of 5,Awesome smoke,Awesome smoke
Gurkha Regatta,3 out of 5,A good every day cigar,A good every day cigar and long lasting
Gurkha Regatta,4 out of 5,good smoke,Arrived in good condition. Good smoke for the novice smoker like me
Gurkha Regatta,5 out of 5,Lovin' the Gurkha,"Smooth smoke. Excellent medium flavor, great burn, overall outstanding cigar"
Gurkha Regatta,4 out of 5,Good Cigar,Very good cigar for the money. Medium body with a very light draw. Good cigar for your humidor.
Gurkha Regatta,5 out of 5,Smooth,"As one of my first cigar orders I want to say I was highly impressed! Everything arrived quickly and packaged well.
As for the cigars these things are silky smooth and taste great, I had to have another after the first because it was such a great experience. I am definitely looking at buying more of these soon since I only have 2 left!"
Gurkha Regatta,5 out of 5,Good cigar,Nice and smooth..a bit mild..Moderate in strength.
Gurkha Regatta,5 out of 5,Great smoke.,Great smoke.
Gurkha Regatta,5 out of 5,Real good.,"Burns nice. Good taste. Good smoke, and excellent for the price. Will buy again in the future."
Gurkha Regatta,5 out of 5,Placed in the humidor,Lighting up too. Excellent.😃
Gurkha Regatta,4 out of 5,Ghurka Regatta,"Theybare similar to the Omen, the only thing is I got a bad roll, couldn't enjoy it because it wouldn't stay lit."
Gurkha Regatta,5 out of 5,"Great cigars, will buy them","Great cigars, will buy them again"
Gurkha Regatta,4 out of 5,Good cigar for price,"Good value, very smooth cigar. My only complaint is lack of consistency. 10-20% tended to canoe slightly and/or did not finish well, but I would still buy again."
Gurkha Regatta,4 out of 5,A good cigar for the,A good cigar for the cost.
Gurkha Regatta,5 out of 5,gurkas,this is a great cigat
Gurkha Regatta,3 out of 5,Not my favorite,I would pass on ordering this cigar again. To Mellow for my taste
Gurkha Regatta,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,"Lights easily and burns evenly, a good mild to medium cigar."
Gurkha Regatta,1 out of 5,Gurhka Cigars,"Not sure what went wrong, normally Gurkha's are very fine cigars.
However these are dried out and fall apart before I get even half way thru one.
Checked my humidor to make sure it was at the proper level, I like them between 70-75 and it is.
Greatly disappointed in these.
The Acid cigars are outstanding as usual."
Gurkha Regatta,3 out of 5,Regatta,"My usual is urkha park avenue, the regatta doesnt finish as well"
Gurkha Regatta,5 out of 5,1st time,"Had gotten some Rothchild cigars in a variety pack some time ago, saw these and jumped on them, fine smoke, mild does not go out burns very nicely,great cigar to relax with a beverage."
Gurkha Regatta,4 out of 5,Cigar delivery,"Always prompt with deliveries, great service"
Gurkha Regatta,4 out of 5,Gurka Regatta,Good burn and good draw. Would buy again.
Gurkha Regatta,5 out of 5,Gurka,Very mild
Gurkha Regatta,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"Tastes great, Burns evenly, draws great. Thoroughly enjoyable!"
Gurkha Regatta,5 out of 5,Nice Cigar!,"I liked these. Nice draw, even burn, good flavor, great price! I’ll these up again, for sure."
Gurkha Regatta,3 out of 5,Gurkha Regatta Gran Rothschild,A fair golf course cigar
Gurkha Regatta,5 out of 5,TRY SOOM,Gurkha Regatta one of the best . Mild smooth and well worth the money . I am a Gurkha fan and the Regatta was a big surprise how good it is. Burns nice and even and no relighting .Buy some .
Gurkha Regatta,5 out of 5,Gurka regatta,"Excellent aroma, burn and taste"
Gurkha Regatta,5 out of 5,A Great Medium Bodied Cigar,This is a great smoke. I went for something medium bodied and this delivered. Lots of flavor and perfect burn!
Gurkha Regatta,5 out of 5,Gurka great,Still haven't been disappointed by any of the gurka smokes
Gurkha Regatta,4 out of 5,Gurkha Regatta,"Full flavored, but mild."
Gurkha Regatta,4 out of 5,Good smoke,"Nice and smooth, easy draw"
Gurkha Regatta,5 out of 5,Another Awesome Gurkha Winner,"Very good cigar. Easy draw, great flavors."
Gurkha Regatta,1 out of 5,Gurkha Regatta Gran Rothschild,"This cigar was mild and very bland, although it did have a smooth draw."
Gurkha Regatta,4 out of 5,Great smoke,"Smooth to the end ,good choice"
Gurkha Regatta,5 out of 5,Great golf smoke,"Outstanding taste, great price"
Gurkha Rogue Tyrant,5 out of 5,Excellent Smoke,Smoothly made medium smoke. Has now become my favorite weekend staple.
Gurkha Rogue Tyrant,5 out of 5,Smoooth,This cigar hits the spot. Smooth and creamy most of the way thru.i’ll be buying these again.
Gurkha Rogue Tyrant,3 out of 5,Good smoke,"Gurhka's are inconsistent- everyone can agree on that but this was a bolder cigar which had great nuttiness and leather notes. However, that was across a pack of 5, I never felt like I smoked the same cigar during my time with it. With that said I did enjoy each cigar and I would but it again if I want a aggressive wild card."
Gurkha Rogue Tyrant,3 out of 5,Decent smoke.,"Great taste, however the ban is a real pain to remove and on 40% of the sticks the cap unwrapped wether punched or cut."
Gurkha Rogue Tyrant,5 out of 5,A+,Gave one of these to a friend who is a big cigar aficionado.. He smoked half of it before I told him what I paid and he about fell out of his chair. I would have to agree with him. These are a bonafide hit. Can't wait to order more.
Gurkha Rogue Tyrant,4 out of 5,Love it,Love it
Gurkha Rogue Tyrant,5 out of 5,Smoking,I got the cigars as requested. They smoked pretty good. I enjoy them. I will try other cigars as I find different cigars a pleasure most of the time.
Gurkha Rogue Tyrant,4 out of 5,Gurkha Rogue Tyrant,Not too bad
Gurkha Rogue Tyrant,4 out of 5,"Robust smoke, with a great","Robust smoke, with a great draw. I would definitely purchase these again."
Gurkha Rogue Tyrant,3 out of 5,Just ok,Just ok
Gurkha Rogue Tyrant,3 out of 5,Leave it rather than take it,If the price was lower maybe be worth it- I've had tarano's available only at brick and mortar line of sticks that where most cost effective but had more transition of flavour. I'd consider trying a longer and larger gauge to see if it offered any variance but likely won't purchase this again.
Gurkha Rogue Tyrant,5 out of 5,Rogue Tyrant,"Nutty, spicy, and almost chocolatey. Well rolled even burn. Beautiful smoke!"
Gurkha Rogue Tyrant,3 out of 5,Average smoke not great not,Average smoke not great not bad - would be willing to try a larger gauge and length.
Gurkha Rogue Tyrant,4 out of 5,Great draw. Plenty of spice,Great draw. Plenty of spice
Gurkha Rogue Tyrant,4 out of 5,Gurkha Rouge Tyrant,"Another Gurkha that I really like. Looks like I’m smoking a Milky Way bar. Love the box-press. Flavorful with a medium body,but it did burn a bit hot. This is one I’ will buy again."
Gurkha Rogue Tyrant,4 out of 5,"Great cigar, but...","Overall a wonderful little cigar, loaded with rich flavor, but the bands. I’ve smoked 3 now and all 3 it would seem it is nearly impossible to remove the bands without jacking up the cigar. Ruins the end of the cigar."
Gurkha Rogue Tyrant,5 out of 5,Going rouge,"I might be a little biased since I'm a fan of most things gurkha. You know as you read these reviews you have some people that know nothing about cigars and just lie. Nobody is throwing out a pack of these cigars. A great offering from gurkha definitely at the top end of there products. I prefer it in the evening and when I have the time to slowly enjoy it, not to much or to little. Not my favorite but will buy again."
Gurkha Rogue Tyrant,5 out of 5,Great!,Great!
Gurkha Rogue Tyrant,5 out of 5,Bundle,Awesome package of sticks
Gurkha Rogue Tyrant,5 out of 5,Good to the END.,Good smoke to the END!
Gurkha Rogue Tyrant,5 out of 5,Taste the spice,Delicious
Gurkha Rogue Tyrant,5 out of 5,Love,Love is the only physical expression I have for this cigar.
Gurkha Rogue Tyrant,4 out of 5,Spicy!,"Good, spicy smoke. I enjoyed this cigar."
Gurkha Rogue Tyrant,4 out of 5,Very nice cigar!,"Great tasting cigar, only complaint was a couple did not taste as good all the way down. Seems they may have needed to sit for a bit. Would buy more at the price I bought them for last time."
Gurkha Rogue Tyrant,3 out of 5,Gurkha rogue,"Light smoke, too easy of a draw, good smoke tho"
Gurkha Rogue Tyrant,5 out of 5,Awesome Rogue,"Great flavor, burned even and I didn't think it was too strong. Perfect and I will order it again."
Gurkha Rogue Tyrant,4 out of 5,Nice smoke...loose wrap and gets,Nice smoke...loose wrap and gets an uneven burn...have to continually light to keep even
Gurkha Rogue Tyrant,3 out of 5,Pretty good. Easy smoking.,Pretty good. Easy smoking.
Gurkha Rogue Tyrant,4 out of 5,Good mild cigar,Good mild cigar
Gurkha Rogue Tyrant,5 out of 5,Awesome!!,I bought these cigars for my bf for Christmas and they were a big hit!! He loves them! I was nervous because he is particular about his cigars but he was super happy!! And great quick service too!
Gurkha Royal Brigade,5 out of 5,really good maduro cigar,finally found one I really liked only to be discontinued....what happened??
Gurkha Royal Brigade,4 out of 5,Put them on sale!,"This one really pleasantly surprised me in all phases. Consistent burn, unique flavors and an excellent finish. Great way to spend an hour!"
Gurkha Royal Brigade,5 out of 5,Smooth and yummy,Smooth and yummy.
Gurkha Royal Brigade,4 out of 5,A Gurkha Sleeper!,"My only regret is not buying more of these when they were on sale. Heavy, yet smooth flavor and constructed well enough. After 2 months in the humi, these were an excellent smoke every time. Will purchase again!"
Gurkha Royal Challenge Maduro,5 out of 5,Amazing,Two thumbs up. A great solid cigar from beginning to end.
Gurkha Seduction,4 out of 5,Tasty,Very smooth. Burns evenly and does not get a burnt taste after awhile. Pairs well with a glass of scotch and a stout.
Gurkha Seduction,5 out of 5,Nice Smoke with Coffee!!,"This is one of the best Gurkhas I've had. It's very smooth and tastes great, especially over a cup of coffee. Very easy draw that makes it effortless to smoke. I had to babysit the eveness of the burn a little, but it was a small price to pay for the tasty experience. Very nice notes of coffee, cedar, and caramel. I will definitely purchase these again."
Gurkha Seduction,5 out of 5,Really nice cigar,"Really nice dark wrapper without many veins. Solid construction, good draw. They came little dry but I set them in coolador for couple of weeks with cello on and oh man....I ‘‘twas really good smoke."
Gurkha Seduction,5 out of 5,Very Good,Very Good
Gurkha Seduction,4 out of 5,Add some ambience,"Not as complex or potent in flavor as other Gurkha's I've tried, this cigar is still pleasant on the pallet and has barely any trace of a tobacco bite. In that sense, I'd say this is a great cigar for adding ambience over deep conversation, enjoying art, or reading a book. It won't distract or steal the show but the sweet tones and easy draw set a good vibe.
I found washing my pallet with water really helped the sweet aspect and enjoyability of the draw.
I'm not partial to the circumference. However, that was forgivable by the satisfaction of how nicely it lit up and the smooth, easy draw of this cigar. Nice long ash, easy draw, and silky smoke; a satisfying experience is a proper description."
Gurkha Seduction,5 out of 5,I cant complain.,"As a disclaimer, I hate 6 x 60 cigars. I wont tell you how they make me feel. Either way, wife copped me a sampler of mega gurkhas and I cant let handmade go to waste no matter the size. This bad boy did not disappoint. Very creamy, very smooth. If you like the big boys, this is for you. Great draw, even for a behemoth sized cigar. I taste some sweet undertones and a retrohale that'll keep ya receptors thanking you for the sample. It's a A+ stick."
Gurkha Seduction,4 out of 5,End is a little rough,End is a little rough on the lite.
Gurkha Seduction,5 out of 5,Love it,"A winner in my book - great taste, great smoke"
Gurkha Seduction,5 out of 5,Another Gurkha fav,"My favorite Gurkha is the War Lord . For variety I tried the Seduction....it’s a close second . Medium bodied with a lighter , slightly sweeter smoke with more fruit than the Warlord ."
Gurkha Seduction,5 out of 5,smooth,a real smooth smoke that get compliments from other cigar smokers
Gurkha Seduction,5 out of 5,great smoke. normally don't care,"great smoke. normally don't care for gurkhas, but I really like the Seduction"
Gurkha Seduction,5 out of 5,CIGAR OF CONSISTENCY,"VERY SATISFYING STICK.......BURN IS CONSISTENT.....TASTE IS SMOOTH TO THE END......EXTREMELY WEILL WRAPPED
VERY GOOD PARTNERSHIP WITH A GLASS OF UR FAVORITE WHISKEY.....I WILL ORDER AGAIN, WHEN THE SUFFICIENT STOCK IS AVAILABLE."
Gurkha Seduction,5 out of 5,The best,"My favorite Gurkha cigar, so smooth and so mellow."
Gurkha Seduction,5 out of 5,Wow... Just WOW!,"If I had to describe everything, I would end up writing a novel, because the depth of the taste is so complex. Built perfectly with good even burn. I could taste nutmeg, pepper, and spice during the first third. The second third gets even better as it releases earthy flavor with slight cherry. I do not usually give 5 stars, but I would give 6 if I could. If you want to wine and dine your corporate client, buy this; and then pair it with Scotch whiskey. You will not regret it as it exemplify the name of K. Hansotia."
Gurkha Seduction,5 out of 5,Gurka Seduction,"My husband loves these of all the Gurkas, just wish they were not so expensive."
Gurkha Seduction,5 out of 5,Excellent stick. Purchase on sale,Excellent stick. Purchase on sale and will buy again when they are on sale
Gurkha Seduction,5 out of 5,One of the best ones I've had yet.,"Very smooth and rich, a great tasting lovely."
Gurkha Sherpa Maduro,5 out of 5,Worth it,Great smoke
Gurkha Sherpa Maduro,4 out of 5,Sherpa tobacco,"Great smoking cigar for the money. Good flavor, easy draw. Problem, when using a cutter to cut the tip. The cigar structure crumbles making it difficult to smoke. Wetting the tip end has helped greatly."
Gurkha Sherpa Maduro,5 out of 5,Gurka Black,This a very good maduro right on pare with the Orange.
Gurkha Sherpa Maduro,5 out of 5,A good smoke.,"A good tasting maduro. It burns true, no canoeing. Burns slowly and not too smoky."
Gurkha Sherpa Maduro,5 out of 5,Worth it,"Enjoyable, cannot beat the price."
Gurkha Sherpa Maduro,5 out of 5,Draws nice. Very enjoyable.,Draws nice. Very enjoyable.
Gurkha Sherpa Maduro,5 out of 5,Gurkha Sherpa,A very good cigar for the money. I was not disappointed. Nicely packed.Slow burning.Long white ash. And excellent flavor. Everything you would expect in a fine cigar.I will buy this cigar again.
Gurkha Sherpa Maduro,5 out of 5,Very smooth flavor. Best with,"Very smooth flavor. Best with a strong beer. Use a cutter not a punch, way better draw as a result."
Gurkha Sherpa Maduro,3 out of 5,At a loss here ...,"I am kind of at a loss with this one, I want to like it more than I do. Out of the box they smell wonderful, and look pretty good. Loose pack but that is to be expected given the price point. Upon lighting the flavor is a tad bitter but that lasts for a minute or two only. Out of the 4 I have smoked 2 lit perfectly and 2 had a vein fire trail immediately .. which did catch up to itself with a little help. The draw is very good with a pleasant volume of smoke which stayed most of the way through. The issue for me is that it has no personality at all. It just kind of hangs there in your mouth and leaves a tiny after taste that is neither bad nor pleasant, then disappears. For a work around the yard or in the garage they are OK but the price makes them better than OK. I would order them again for that reason. If I want to sit and enjoy a cigar I would reach for anything but these."
Gurkha Sherpa Maduro,4 out of 5,Good and smooth till the,Good and smooth till the end.
Gurkha Sherpa Maduro,5 out of 5,Love them!,Love them! Wish they came in a Churchill or Grande. I would like the experience to last a lot longer.
Gurkha Sherpa Maduro,3 out of 5,Not bad,"The cigar performs very well for the price. Some nice flavors, Although many cigars had an ammonia like flavor. Understandable given the price point and the likely lack of age with the tobacco. The label on the cigar is beautiful and the price is more than fair."
Gurkha Sherpa Maduro,4 out of 5,A pretty good cigar for,A pretty good cigar for the price. I am impressed by the consistency. Will definitely reorder and recommend.
Gurkha Sherpa Maduro,4 out of 5,Very good relaxing cigar,"I smoke these when I go to my workshop to do some wood carving. They..se burn smoothly and have a nice flavor. You can tell I'm not an expert on cigars, but I find them enjoyable for what I use them for."
Gurkha Sherpa Maduro,4 out of 5,good smoke,"burns well, firm ash. good cigar for price."
Gurkha Sherpa Maduro,4 out of 5,Decent smoke,"This cigar was a decent experience. It smoked smoothly, had an even burn, and maintained if not improved in flavor as it burned. Well worth the value paid."
Gurkha Sherpa Maduro,4 out of 5,I enjoyed these,I enjoyed these
Gurkha Sherpa Maduro,5 out of 5,"Great price, very nice cigar",I always liked the Sherpa line so I didn't hesitate to buy a bundle of the new Sherpa Maduro cigars although I usually won't buy bundles or boxes. I've handed out a few and smoked a few; each one burns evenly and has a very nice flavor. I'm glad I jumped on this deal.
Gurkha Sherpa Maduro,4 out of 5,Gurkha,Have a great taste
Gurkha Sherpa Maduro,5 out of 5,Smooth and Even Smoke,"Smooth and even smoke, will buy these again!"
Gurkha Sherpa Maduro,4 out of 5,A Good In Between igar,"A very good in between cigar, price is right although not as good as the original Gurkha."
Gurkha Sherpa Maduro,5 out of 5,"Nice taste great pull,smooth and","Nice taste great pull,smooth and creamy"
Gurkha Sherpa Maduro,4 out of 5,Nice,Nice
Gurkha Sherpa Maduro,3 out of 5,Libero 65,"Great maduro for you buck, is start with a great draw and tea flavor with hints of spice at free finish, good 45 minutes cigars"
Gurkha Sherpa Maduro,4 out of 5,Good stick,Good stick
Gurkha Sherpa Maduro,5 out of 5,Gurkha,A Very smooth cigar. Burns even and stays lit. I will order this cigar again.
Gurkha Sherpa Maduro,5 out of 5,Good cigar,"Good price, fast ship, good cigars"
Gurkha Sherpa Maduro,4 out of 5,Awesome for the money,"Generally I think Ghurka sells a great cigar for a little more money than it's worth. That said I got these on a flash sale, and they are well worth more than I paid. Bought 25, and my uncle and I burned through them in like 3 weeks. Very solid. Strong flavor, long burn, and easy draw"
Gurkha Sherpa Maduro,5 out of 5,"Smooth consistently, nice draw, and","Smooth consistently, nice draw, and wonderful flavor."
Gurkha Sherpa Maduro,4 out of 5,good smoke,good smoke good burn .very happy
Gurkha Sherpa Maduro,5 out of 5,"Very, very enjoyable.",What a wonderful cigar! Smoked beautifully and just a wonderful flavor! Please keep the prices as they are. I’ll compare them with the best.
Gurkha Sherpa Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar smokes really good,Great cigar smokes really good
Gurkha Sherpa Maduro,5 out of 5,Buttery smooth smoke,Hinting at sweet with a buttery smooth draw. These are one of my favorites.
Gurkha Sherpa Orange,5 out of 5,Exceptional smoke for the price,"Great flavor and good construction. Sometimes get inconsistent burns but not egregiously so. These stand out among the inexpensive crowd, offering good value for the price, especially when on sale."
Gurkha Sherpa Orange,4 out of 5,very good. i will order again but torpedo rather then churchill.,"cigars took too long to reach me 15 days as the confirmation number was incorrect. i have to drive 15 miles to get them as ups will not call me or even ring my bell, rather they just leave a note saying they were there. And to boot, they don't even come to the correct address."
Gurkha Sherpa Orange,5 out of 5,I smoke them everyday,Good cigar around the house or out golfing
Gurkha Sherpa Orange,5 out of 5,"nice even burn, good taste,","nice even burn, good taste, would buy again"
Gurkha Sherpa Orange,5 out of 5,Good cigar at a fair price,Can’t beat these for the price. Mellow and burns evenly.
Gurkha Sherpa Orange,4 out of 5,Great everyday cigar.,"I am primarily a Gurkha Cigar man. I came across the Sherpa Orange awhile back and ordered some coronas to try. I was not disappointed, in fact, I found it to be well crafted with a very pleasant taste - not too light, and flavorful. I recently bought the double coronas to increase the smoke time! I took away one point for the 1 in 20 or so that are a little to tight to smoke without coring them. Still, well worth purchasing, especially a Gurkha at these prices? It's a no-brainer for the Gurkha Nation!"
Gurkha Sherpa Orange,5 out of 5,Sherpa Orange,"Very good, especially as it is so budget friendly."
Gurkha Sherpa Orange,4 out of 5,My go to smoke for,My go to smoke for a round of golf or just want to take it easy around the house and have a little sip of good drink with
Gurkha Sherpa Orange,4 out of 5,A really good decent Cigar nicely priced,Better than I expected decent Cigar to have around all the time To share with friends
Gurkha Sherpa Orange,5 out of 5,gurka orange,good cigar for the price this was repeat order
Gurkha Sherpa Orange,3 out of 5,Mild to mod smoke Good,"Mild to mod smoke
Good return for the price"
Gurkha Sherpa Orange,4 out of 5,Good everyday smoke,"For the price, it's a great value for an above average smoke, and it's a Gurkha, my favorite brand. I've gone through several bundles and found them consistent with a good draw and burn. Great everyday smoke, Gurkha fan of not."
Gurkha Sherpa Orange,5 out of 5,"Excellent Value, Great Smoke","Smooth, draws well. Great cigar and an excellent value"
Gurkha Sherpa Orange,4 out of 5,Very good quality,Very good quality
Gurkha Sherpa Orange,4 out of 5,Enjoy the Sherpa.,"Excellent cigar. fine taste, good construction and fair price."
Gurkha Sherpa Orange,5 out of 5,Enjoyable,A very nice and enjoyable smoke.
Gurkha Sherpa Orange,4 out of 5,Better than I expected.,"I really enjoyed these cigars, good flavor, consistent burn and good smoke. I would definitely buy them again."
Gurkha Sherpa Orange,5 out of 5,Cigar,Excellent. Loved them.
Gurkha Sherpa Orange,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Gurkha Sherpa Orange,5 out of 5,Oh they are they they,Oh they are they they are great and they check the
Gurkha Sherpa Orange,3 out of 5,Decent Daily Driver,"This is a decent medium bodied smoke, well constructed, nice wrapper, even burn. Excellent value."
Gurkha Sherpa Orange,4 out of 5,Smooth taste - not what,Smooth taste - not what I was expecting- more of an orange taste?
Gurkha Sherpa Orange,3 out of 5,Acceptable,Decent cigar for the buck
Gurkha Sherpa Orange,4 out of 5,gurkha sherpa orange,Nice smoke Only complaint quite a few have very hard draw.
Gurkha Sherpa Orange,4 out of 5,Gurkha Sherpa Orange Double Corona,A wonderful stick for the money. The wrappers on some a bit dry and loose but nothing a good lick wouldn't cure.
Gurkha Sherpa Orange,5 out of 5,A great smoke,For the price these are simply unbeatable - the perfect golf cigar.
Gurkha Sherpa Orange,5 out of 5,Awesome,My go to bundle cigar. I have always had good luck with these.
Gurkha Sherpa Orange,4 out of 5,orange,This is my go to cigar on and off the golf course.
Gurkha Sherpa Orange,4 out of 5,Impressed,"First off, I am no fan of Gurkha. With that being said, I really enjoyes this cigar. This came as part of a sampler and I was hesitant and let it rest for a few months before giving it a try. I put my biases aside and really enjoyed this. Very mellow and extremely tasty. I will probably pick up a pack in the future."
Gurkha Sherpa Orange,4 out of 5,Love the sherpa,I have always liked the sherpa. Although I do prefer the Robusto. Its a good tasting everyday smoke. Perfect for yard work or whatever and the price point is always outstanding.
Gurkha Sherpa Orange,5 out of 5,Nice smoke,Medium body wonderfulness good to the last puff-cheers al
Gurkha Sherpa Orange,5 out of 5,Full body and cool smoke.,Full body and cool smoke. Just the way I like them.
Gurkha Sherpa Orange,4 out of 5,Something different,I will buy again. Flavor profile different than most. Good Value
Gurkha Sherpa Orange,5 out of 5,For the price the cigar,For the price the cigar is a good everyday smoke
Gurkha Sherpa Orange,5 out of 5,Excellent Flavor,Excellent Flavor
Gurkha Sherpa Orange,5 out of 5,These are one of the,These are one of the best really good gift
Gurkha Sherpa Orange,5 out of 5,Gurkha Sherpa Orange Robusto,Another great buy for the price.
Gurkha Sherpa Orange,4 out of 5,These are great cigars. Wish,These are great cigars. Wish I could buy them for the two-fer price again. Waiting for that sale.
Gurkha Sherpa Orange,3 out of 5,Jab,Good even burn good taste mild cigar really enjoyed. It. Great. Price. I would definitely buy it again compared to most cigars. this one would be the better choice vs big bundle for less
Gurkha Sherpa Orange,3 out of 5,Decent,Not bad for the price but randomly good from cigar to cigar.
Gurkha Sherpa Orange,4 out of 5,Good cigar for the money,Good cigar for the money
Gurkha Sherpa Orange,4 out of 5,Muy sabroso! Get it.,"Nice, even and consistent burn. Delicious, layered, well constructed cigar. Got this in a deal along with others and this is a keeper and will be buying more."
Gurkha Sherpa Orange,3 out of 5,Decent mild-medium everyday smoke,"Gurkha Sherpa Orange Robusto, a decent mild-medium everyday smoke."
Gurkha Sherpa Orange,5 out of 5,Very good taste,"I am new to cigar smoking and I received this one in a sampler.i really liked it ,it was tasty and burned well without excessive puffing.also reasonable price."
Gurkha Sherpa Orange,4 out of 5,Good stick.,New to C.I. and so far very happy. Good to find such a flavorful smoke in bundle at a great price. Nice addition to my humidor.
Gurkha Sherpa Orange,5 out of 5,Delicious Cigars,"good quality, nice and delicious cigars. thanks."
Gurkha Sherpa Orange,4 out of 5,Sherpa Orange,a lighter smoke with a soft wrapper but nice smoke for the price
Gurkha Sherpa Orange,4 out of 5,"Nice, smooth smoke","I enjoy these cigars. They have a fairly mild flavor, but taste good. They burn evenly."
Gurkha Sherpa Orange,5 out of 5,Recent cigar purchase,Very pleasant smoke. I always receive fresh cigars from CI.
Gurkha Sherpa Orange,4 out of 5,Great cigar for the price,Great tasting cigar for the price.
Gurkha Signature 1887,3 out of 5,Gurkha Signature 1887 toro,"OK, not great, would buy on a deal, but not normally"
Gurkha Signature 1887,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar for my casino,"Excellent cigar for my casino trip, smooth and tasty"
Gurkha Signature 1887,3 out of 5,Wrappers fragile,Wrappers fragile
Gurkha Signature 1887,5 out of 5,Awesome,Awesome
Gurkha Signature 1887,3 out of 5,"TRY IT, YOU WON'T BE DISAPPOINTED",Diameter was a little bigger than optimum but flavor is right on.
Gurkha Signature 1887,5 out of 5,Smooth smoke,"This is a great smoke, smooth and flavorful to the end"
Gurkha Signature 1887,5 out of 5,GURKHA AND OTHERS,"Best deals I have found. I have not encountered a back order on my selections, as I have with jr cigars. And you product is always good quality and freshness."
Gurkha Signature 1887,4 out of 5,Another nice Gurka,Another nice cigar from Gurka. Pack your lunch for this one. Long slow burn. Will last for a couple of nice burbons. Very even and good draw. Very earthy.
Gurkha Signature 1887,4 out of 5,Very consistent and smooth.,Very consistent and smooth.
Gurkha Signature 1887,5 out of 5,My favorite gurkha. Great stick,My favorite gurkha. Great stick
Gurkha Signature 1887,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"Once again Gurkha has outdone themselfs!
Another great cigar from Gurkha."
Gurkha Special Ops,5 out of 5,My opinion,This is one of my top 5 favorite cigars. Slow burning and flavorful.
Gurkha Special Ops,4 out of 5,Good stick,"Very nice smoke
A little hard on the draw
But once you get it going lots of smooth flavors"
Gurkha Special Ops,5 out of 5,Great choice!,You can't go wrong with a Gurkha cigar!
Gurkha Special Ops,3 out of 5,They are a good cigar,They are a good cigar
Gurkha Special Ops,5 out of 5,Yum yum,A nice long savvy spicy draw and a Guinness!
Gurkha Special Ops,5 out of 5,good cigars,good cigars
Gurkha Special Ops,5 out of 5,a quite storm of flavor,"Smooth, flavorful, with an even draw, even burn all that you would expect from a quality cigar. Highly recommend for those who like a dark maduro wrapper, not peppery on the palette just a mild flow of tasty flavors."
Gurkha Special Ops,2 out of 5,Better Cigars for Your Money,"I was not impressed. It tasted cheap and stale. It started well, but quickly got worse. Would not suggest."
Gurkha Special Ops,5 out of 5,Gurkha spec ops,"Outstanding cigar, very hard to find keep them common"
Gurkha Special Ops,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigars,"Great value , and quick delivery too ."
Gurkha Special Ops,5 out of 5,Good Cigar,Good long after dinner smoke.
Gurkha Special Ops,5 out of 5,Awesome!!,Love the packages you put together and they are a third of the price then if you bought the same stuff at a cigar shop.
Gurkha Special Ops,5 out of 5,Fantastic,Great combo. I’m really enjoying these sticks.
Gurkha Special Ops,5 out of 5,"I truely enjoyed the purchase and the items. I took the cigars to a party, distributed and we all sat together and enjoed the cigars and one another's company.",Cigars and Friends
Gurkha Special Ops,5 out of 5,A very special cigar,"I’m always looking for value and consistency in a cigar. The Spec Ops does not disappoint in either category. While other cigars have an uneven flavor or burn, the special ops #1 is consistently smooth and enjoyable without any harsh highs and lows in flavor. I smoked one while playing a round of golf and thoroughly enjoyed it."
Gurkha Special Ops,5 out of 5,"A Great Holiday Cigar Treat, Dilly, Dilly.,,.p","A Great Medium Priced Cigar, A Cigar Treat for any Holiday.,,.p"
Gurkha Special Ops,5 out of 5,Gurkha spec ops,"Great smoke!! Always a good stick to have in the box!! Highly recommended to those of you out there that appreciate a goo ""throat punch"" from time to time."
Gurkha Special Ops,2 out of 5,These Gurkha cigars were evidently seconds.,These cigars were tight draws and unwrapped on cutting and/or smoking. Price really was too good to be true. No more special pricing purchases for me.
Gurkha Special Ops,5 out of 5,Enjoyment with my Florida golf,Enjoyment with my Florida golf in March.
Gurkha Special Ops,5 out of 5,Gurkha Special Ops...,Very Good Smokes...
Gurkha Special Ops,4 out of 5,Ghurka mix,"The Ghurka mix were all good, I prefer wrappers other than maduro but these were good cigars."
Gurkha Special Ops,3 out of 5,Don't do this Gurkha!,A good size boxed torpedo. Great! I would love this cigar if it tasted good.
Gurkha Special Ops,5 out of 5,Gurkha Special Ops,Cannot go wrong with any cigar from the Gurkha family. Medium body smoke is great for the golf course or the patio with a cold one.
Gurkha Special Ops,5 out of 5,Gurkha special ops,Very good cigar. Can never go wrong with a Gurkha
Gurkha Status,5 out of 5,Pretty good cigar,Wasn't bad like I thought
Gurkha Status,5 out of 5,Gurkha Status Torpedo,Gurkha is back! Tasted great and back to the original quality and construction!
Gurkha Status,5 out of 5,Love Anything Gurkha- love C.I.,"Some 20 years ago the CEO of C.I. was very generous in handling a complaint I had submitted by going beyond what I expected. And even more, he personally phoned me twice to ensure that his instructions had been carried out. Not long after that, maybe nineteen years ago I discovered that I liked anything Gurkha. I mean ANYTHING Gurkha. I admit that I stray once in a while, but I love ❤️ my Gurkhas. Status is one of my favorites of all."
Gurkha Status,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar.,Great flavor for mild to medium cigar. Excellent burn. Lit it once and smoked it while cleaning my patio.
Gurkha Status,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good flavor but the wrapper on all of them started flaking towards the bottom 1/3.
Gurkha Status,4 out of 5,Very good cigar,Very good cigar
Gurkha Status,5 out of 5,Great Everyday Cigar,Gurkha has a great line of cigars. Status is an everyday choice to relax with. Smooth.
Gurkha Status,4 out of 5,Gurka Status Torpedo,Mild and smooth.
Gurkha Status,5 out of 5,Best ever,My favorite CI had them at great price
Gurkha Status,5 out of 5,Gurkha Status,Excellent!!!
Gurkha Status,4 out of 5,Gurkha always lives up to my expectations.,Lived up to their reputation.
Gurkha Symphony,3 out of 5,OK,Not my favorite but nowhere near the worst.
Gurkha Symphony,5 out of 5,Burned beautiful,Burned beautiful
Gurkha Symphony,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Smooth
Gurkha Symphony,5 out of 5,Good to the last ash....,"Enjoyable, long lasting and smooth...."
Gurkha Symphony,5 out of 5,Great taste,Great taste
Gurkha Symphony,5 out of 5,Been smoking this one for,Been smoking this one for a while. Its a great come back to smoke
Gurkha Symphony,4 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth. Light but good favor. Burns well. Anyone looking for a mild smoke with favor this is it.
Gurkha Symphony,4 out of 5,Slow and cool. All excellent,Slow and cool. All excellent
Gurkha Symphony,5 out of 5,Gurkha Symphony Toro,"easy smoke with nice flavor of earthy taste, would recommend to friends or anyone else"
Gurkha Symphony,4 out of 5,Gurkha review,Not a bad stick but often times had trouble getting an even burn.
Gurkha Symphony,4 out of 5,real nice smoke,"This came in some saver pack and I couldn't be more pleased... Note to cigar makers. I think the wrappers are big enough now.What's next a full wrap. I used to like to smoke them with the wrapper on, so I could remember by the end what I was smoking - not any more."
Gurkha Symphony,5 out of 5,Great burn and excellent flavor,Great burn and excellent flavor
Gurkha Symphony,3 out of 5,Good cigar....,Good cigar....
Gurkha Symphony,3 out of 5,Good flavor but did not,Good flavor but did not burn evenly.
Gurkha Symphony,3 out of 5,No Complaints,"No complaints, but I do like the gran toro or whatever they call the bigger vitola better. More smoke production, maybe."
Gurkha Symphony,4 out of 5,Grand Rothschild,"I'm giving these 4 stars, but only for the Grand Rothschild size. I tried the toro about a year ago and they were ok. Then I got a 5-pack of the Rothschild (which only seem to be available in samplers) and noticed a very different taste. More cream, smoother...maybe more CT wrapper is the cause? Anyway, I'd buy them again, but only in the bigger size."
Gurkha Symphony,5 out of 5,Best Smoke,"Best smoke they probably have, right there with Graycliff 30yr and Dunhill"
Gurkha Symphony,5 out of 5,Exceptional,"Excellent priced cigar, best of a sampler pack"
Gurkha Symphony,3 out of 5,Uneven burn.,Bought two 15 packs. Submitted a review after smoking 4 sticks. Good flavor but burned unevenly. Smoked 4 more sticks and had the same problems with hot spots and hangnails. Been stored at the correct humidity and temperature but they burn terribly.
Gurkha Symphony,5 out of 5,Very good stick,"Very good light cigar with mild flavors
Very good cigar to smoke when you are sitting down and working
Doesn't put out much smoke when is just sitting there but produces very good smoke when you draw on it
There for you don't have fight smoke in your eyes
Would recommend"
Gurkha Symphony,5 out of 5,Gurkha Symphony Toro,Very Fine cigar. Good fresh taste and it burned completely. I will buy them again.
Gurkha Symphony,3 out of 5,Nice,"Might be closer to 3 and 1/2 Stars, nice smoke melo easy draw"
Gurkha Symphony,3 out of 5,Nice cigar,Nice everyday cigar that is smooth and tastes good.
Gurkha Symphony,4 out of 5,No complaints,Great Cigar
Gurkha Symphony,5 out of 5,What a winner this one is,"Just lit one up on a nice sunny day in Central Florida. Must say this is a treat! Excellent cut, smooth draw and flavor abound. Just what I needed after a long day."
Gurkha Symphony,5 out of 5,Vandal to harsh for me.,Vandal to harsh for me. Gurka just fine
Gurkha Symphony,5 out of 5,Nice burn and very well,Nice burn and very well made. Will for sure be buying again in the future
Gurkha Symphony,5 out of 5,Favorite smoothie!,Have been smoking these cigars since they first appeared on the scene. Very smooth go to cigar when I want to have something light but flavorful.
Gurkha Symphony,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,Excellent smoke
Gurkha Symphony,4 out of 5,Would buy again,"This is a nice mild cigar that burns well. I bought them because they were tied to some Gurkha rocks glasses and I needed a set of rocks glasses. So happy with the glasses and very pleasantly surprised by how much I'm enjoying the cigars. For clarity, I am a mild to medium cigar smoker. I prefer a large ring gauge (60), but these were quite enjoyable at a 50 ring gauge. I would be very happy if I was handed one of these to enjoy while golfing."
Gurkha Symphony,4 out of 5,Mild and easy to smoke,Mild and easy to smoke
Gurkha Symphony,5 out of 5,great cigar,"Smooth smoke, nice draw and good flavor"
Gurkha Symphony,4 out of 5,Not bad,Not bad for the price
Gurkha Symphony,5 out of 5,Aleays liked this blend. My,Aleays liked this blend. My only request would be making available a robusto size.
Gurkha Symphony,4 out of 5,A Good Cigar Value,"I enjoyed this cigar. It was flavorful though stronger than I normally prefer. It burned okay with reasonable ash control. It was a little ""messy"" towards the end, however. That I chose a stronger cigar was not the reason I didn't rate this higher."
Gurkha Symphony,4 out of 5,Smooth mellow,I prefer more mellow cigars an ghurka delivers exactly that.the burn was a bit course at first but eventually rounded out for an even burn
Gurkha Symphony,5 out of 5,Delicious,Delicious
Gurkha Symphony,5 out of 5,Good Smoke,"Light and smooth, not what you would expect from Gurhka. Has a good finish in a cigar that you would leisurely sit down and enjoy."
Gurkha Symphony,5 out of 5,Gurka symphony,"Excellent smoke for an afternoon hour to kill. Mild, easy draw, billowing smoke. Similar to other mild contenders like Mac. Hyde Park and AF-858."
Gurkha Symphony,4 out of 5,Ok,Good
Gurkha Symphony,5 out of 5,One of my favorites,"Sadly, Rarely available in this size. Usually in a combo"
Gurkha Symphony,4 out of 5,My 1st Gurkha,Favoring maduro's there is room in the box for these. And if needed another box. Will be coming back for more of these.
Gurkha Symphony,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"Smooth all the way, love it."
Gurkha Symphony,4 out of 5,Love em,One of my favorites!
Gurkha Symphony,5 out of 5,First time trying this smoke,Tried this Grukha Symphony for the first time and will definitely be it adding to my regular cigar list. Wonderful mild flavor without any residual aftertaste.
Gurkha Symphony,4 out of 5,Quality made mild cigar. Great,Quality made mild cigar. Great morning cigar that pairs well with coffee or an afternoon smoke with a nice IPA. Straight forward tobacco flavor with little spice makes it an any time cigar.
Gurkha Symphony,4 out of 5,Excellent mild cigar,Excellent mild cigar
Gurkha Symphony,3 out of 5,It was ok,Bought as part of 6 five packs. It was the 5th best.
Gurkha Symphony,5 out of 5,Great site to buy cigars!,Thank you again for great service and cigars!
Gurkha Symphony,4 out of 5,"Great prices cigar site, horrible service.","I am a long term customer at cigars international. I recently took advantage of the ""spooktacukar"" sale the site was promoting. Shipping is fast, cigar price is great, quality is amazing. Cigars are always fresh and never had a major issue upon ordering until recently. The site changed its promo item while placing my order and was originally suppose to be a cigar international beer bottle opener wall mount. Instead I was offered a cigar book...I talked to several representatives verifying if I would get the beer bottle opener with my $100 plus purchase order. No one gave me a clear answer, they stated ""not sure""...I had to wait until I received my order to see I did get the beer bottle opener! Why couldn't a customer service representative verify this information for me before finding out myself? Consumers pay for efficient service."
Gurkha The Royal Reserve,5 out of 5,Best Cigar EVER!,"I have smoked a lot of great cigars, but this is by far the best I have ever tried. Excellent burn, full flavor, gentle on the tongue. Glad I snagged a box when they arrived. I hope these return again as I would definitely buy a second box to set away for the future."
Gurkha The Royal Reserve,5 out of 5,B,Great Cigars.
Gurkha The Royal Reserve,5 out of 5,Gurhka RoyalReserve,They are one of my favorite cigars.
Gurkha The Royal Reserve,5 out of 5,Great cigar. Nice smooth and,Great cigar. Nice smooth and great taste all around one of the best cigars I have ever had
Gurkha The Royal Reserve,5 out of 5,EMack,"The box is beautiful and the cigars are great. My close friends look forward to my purchases of these cigars!!!!
CI service is outstanding. The customer service folks are wonderful!"
Gurkha The Royal Reserve,5 out of 5,Truly my favorite cigar.,"This is by far the best cigar I have had yet. Truly a great smoke , great presentation , from the box to the tube .
The cigar has an unmistakable cognac flavor and aroma."
Gurkha The Royal Reserve,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,These are quickly becoming my favorite cigar!
Gurkha The Royal Reserve,5 out of 5,Gurka royal rederve,Great smoke worth the price will purchase when ever available
Gurkha The Royal Reserve,5 out of 5,The best ever,"This is by far the best cigar I have ever had. There is no cigar that comes close at this point. I am experimenting with the other Gurkhas. I have tried as of now, Yakuza, Titan, and Beast."
Gurkha Vanquish,3 out of 5,It’s ok...,"Nice wrapper with a good presentation. Decent taste for a value cigar. VERY light draw, almost too light. Very loosely rolled from about 1/2 inch in all the way too the band. I will smoke these as some nights I’d rather not burn a quality stick but it’s not a completely enjoyable smoke due to the loose roll and baby sitting."
Gurkha Vanquish,5 out of 5,Good variety and price.,Good variety and price.
Gurkha Vanquish,5 out of 5,Great,Good all-around cigar. Would order again
Gurkha Vanquish,4 out of 5,New Try w/ this Gurkha,I got these as part of a promotional. Nice draw and medium bodied. I prefer Gurkha most of the time but had an unraveling issue with a couple. I might get again if it's a promotional. Not sure if I'd get at full price.
Gurkha Vanquish,5 out of 5,rich and strong,well made good smoking / burning cigar - full body with good rich flavors
Gurkha Vanquish,3 out of 5,OK,"Good price. However, it burned unevenly and was a bit harsh."
Gurkha Vanquish,5 out of 5,Top Cigar,I Loved the flavor. I plan to order many more cigars.
Gurkha Vanquish,5 out of 5,Great Buy,"Bought a box of these for a trip to Vegas. After a few days in my humidor the cigars were ready and they didn't disappoint. Great burn, flavor and smell. Enjoyed them all and had no bad ones in the box. Will buy these again"
Gurkha Vanquish,5 out of 5,A truly enjoyable smoke,I really enjoyed these cigars; they were smooth right to the end. Though I did have a couple that burned uneven.
Gurkha Vanquish,5 out of 5,Great Smoke.,Great everyday smoke! Mild flavor and nice burn. Just bought 10 more.
Gurkha Vanquish,4 out of 5,Good mild cigar,It’s not my everyday cigar but I like it after a stronger mix!
Gurkha Vanquish,4 out of 5,Gurkha vanquish,Good smoking cigar. Great flavor. Smooth to the end. Front section of cigar came apart after being lit. This was the only issue cigar had a good draw after the initial separation.
Gurkha Vanquish,5 out of 5,Awesome,Very smooth cigars and great price!
Gurkha Vanquish,5 out of 5,Awesome cigar!,"I purchased these Gurkha cigars for the price however, I have really enjoyed the flavor. I will definitely purchase these again."
Gurkha Vanquish,5 out of 5,"Good blend, well constructed",Another winner for Gurka!
Gurkha Vanquish,5 out of 5,Excellent Smoke,"Very good burn, great flavor,"
Gurkha Vanquish,4 out of 5,Gurka,Good when on sale
Gurkha Vanquish,5 out of 5,smooth smoke,long lasting smooth smoke
Gurkha Vanquish,4 out of 5,Good favor,Good favor
Gurkha Vanquish,5 out of 5,Cigars,Alright
Gurkha Vanquish,4 out of 5,Very tasty,Really good stick; uneven burn is the only reason for 4 vs. 5 stars.
Gurkha Vanquish,5 out of 5,Great deal,Great deal
Gurkha Vanquish,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Gurkha Warlord,4 out of 5,"Very good, nice treasure box.",Gurkha is a great brand. Good quality and enjoyable. The box is excellent. 4 stars only because there are better cigars at a higher price. For price and quality these are great. Smoking this brand for years. Recommended.
Gurkha Warlord,1 out of 5,Terrible (This time),"I have always loved the Gurkha line, across the board. I got this one as part of a sampler pack. Terribly disappointed. Construction was way off, and the wrapper started peeling as soon as I cut it (no, I didn't cut too deeply into it). The draw was very tight and hard to keep lit. I smoked about an inch of it before I just got tired of it. I've never had a Gurkha this poorly constructed before today."
Gurkha Warpig,5 out of 5,Gurkha Warpig..,"I have had great success with the Gurkha line of cigars,the Warpigs are no exception one of the best for the price kudos for their product 👍 and the employees who produce them."
Gurkha Warpig,4 out of 5,WarPig,"D and Licious, Mmm and Mmmm. Good cigar."
Gurkha Warpig,5 out of 5,Gurka Warpig,Top notch smoke as always.
Gurkha Warpig,5 out of 5,Tasty,Very easy smoke for a medium-full cigar.
Gurkha Warpig,5 out of 5,Warpig,Excellent! Smoke
Gurkha Warpig,5 out of 5,"Heavy,rich old-school-style smoke","Tasty and very rich,heavy flavors of pepper,earth,and cream.Aroma is outstanding and heavy,reminds me of the old school guys cigars from the 60's and 70's when Cuban cigars were sold in the U.S."
Gurkha Warpig,5 out of 5,Really enjoyed the warpigs,Really enjoyed the warpigs
Gurkha Warpig,4 out of 5,"Good, mild smoke","Good, mild smoke"
Gurkha Warpig,5 out of 5,Gurkha Warpig,A great cocktail hour smoke!
Gurkha Warpig,5 out of 5,My favorite,Great smoke!! My favorite!!
Gurkha Warpig,5 out of 5,A solid smoke.,"Well constructed, leaning toward the complex in flavor. Can't go wrong with this one."
Gurkha Warpig,4 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Gurkha Warpig,5 out of 5,Delightful,This is A great cigar with a smooth draw. Pairs up nicely with good whiskey!
Gurkha Warpig,5 out of 5,Great Cigars,Awesome cigars
Gurkha Warpig,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,I smoked this all the way down to less than a 1 inch nub and the flavor was consistent! Amazing gar for the money. Never got harsh and it was surprisingly much less spicy than I was anticipating. 10 out of 10.
Gurkha Warpig,4 out of 5,"Nice smoke, slow start.","The first group of these I purchased simply did not draw. I tried a few of them, different cuts and even used a poker and they just would not draw. CI replaces my order and the second batch watch a totally different deal. They are nicely made, smooth draw and great flavors. For the money these are a nice cigar. Not up to the usual standard of the Gurkhas I have enjoyed but again a great bang for the buck."
Gurkha Warpig,5 out of 5,review for single toro warpig from sampler,"i've never had a cigar like this - rich tobacco flavor, even burn, and the easiest draw from a cigar i've ever smoked. i wasn't expecting anything like this. most cigars i smoke have a tar residue, but this one doesn't. what a nice surprise"
Gurkha Warpig,4 out of 5,Good cigar.....,Good cigar.....
Gurkha Warpig,4 out of 5,Cigars,Gurkhas + Robusto = good combo
Gurkha Warpig,5 out of 5,Great even for new guys,"Got one free with the humidor. It was very good, gotta leave a little ash on the end and it'll taste right."
Gurkha Warpig,3 out of 5,No Draw...,"Good tasting smoke...when I can get a good draw. I bought both the Warpig Robusto and the Warpig XO and store them at 65% RH, 60-70 degree temps. The XO is excellent but the Robusto has draw issues. I’ve noticed hard spots throughout each cigar in the lot. I’ve tried dry-boxing them but still can’t get a descent draw. I doubt I’ll buy these again."
Gurkha Warpig,5 out of 5,Good Maduro,"My first Warpig was from a sampler pack. It was one of my favorites so I ordered a special 15 pack with a 5 dollar upgrade for Gurkha whiskey glasses.
I am a huge Maduro fan and these Warpigs will not disappoint."
Gurkha Warpig,5 out of 5,These are great anytime cigars.,"Great cigar for anytime. Smooth, rich flavor & on top of that, Cigars International has given me unequaled customer service with any and all issue surrounding my shipments. I shall not be shopping elsewhere."
Gurkha Warpig,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Great Smoke
Gurkha Warpig,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Awesome smoke. Cannot go wrong with this Gurkha.
Gurkha Warpig,4 out of 5,Worth the time,"If you're a maduro fan, you should enjoy this beefy, well defined example. Somewhere between medium and full flavored, noticeable pepper, cream, and everything in between. A memorable smoke."
Gurkha Warpig,4 out of 5,Love em!,"Definitely one of the more enjoyable ghurka, always have these in my humidor and have yet to have a bad draw like how most ghurka seem to be a hit and miss"
Gurkha Warpig,5 out of 5,Great full body cigar,Nice draw great flavor
Gurkha Warpig,5 out of 5,A solid medium robust smoke.,A solid medium robust smoke. Totally enjoyable.
Gurkha Warpig,5 out of 5,Delicious Cigars,"good quality, nice and delicious cigars. thanks."
Gurkha Warpig,5 out of 5,Great dark stick. One of,Great dark stick. One of my favorites
Gurkha Warpig,4 out of 5,Trout B4Me,"I like a full-bodied cigar, so I like the Gurka Warpig. It's constricted well so it burns evenly and slowly. A plethora of great flavors!"
Gurkha Warpig,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,"When I first tried one I didn't like so,I left them sit in humidor for awhile. That helped. Now they are one of my favorites."
Gurkha Warpig,5 out of 5,My new favorite,Very flavorful and a nice even slow burn. I also bought 10 smaller cigars and had 1 that was horrible out of the 5 i have smoked so far but all of the toros are spot on. Great price as well.
Gurkha Warpig,3 out of 5,Taste and strength good. Does,Taste and strength good. Does seem to burn too fast. Good everyday cigar. Not as anemic as many same class.
Gurkha Warpig,3 out of 5,Tunnels,Good robust cigar but I kept getting tunnels
Gurkha Warpig,4 out of 5,Very good smoke.,Very good smoke.
Gurkha Warpig,4 out of 5,Nice everyday smoke!,"Good flavor, good value, good burn....good grief, what else do you want in a cigar! LOL...."
Gurkha Warpig,5 out of 5,Good,Very good
Gurkha Warpig,3 out of 5,Ghurka - the Bud Light,Ghurka - the Bud Light of cigars...
Gurkha Warpig,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good cigar I’m a big fan of the Gurkha cigars
Gurkha Warpig,5 out of 5,Warpig... Amazing!,"This is one of my favorite cigars hands down. Chocolate, sweet, and black coffee. Amazing! I will continue to buy these no hesitation."
Gurkha Warpig,4 out of 5,Solid from start to finish,"A dark cigar with a lot of pepper throughout - Great, even burn!"
Gurkha Warpig,4 out of 5,S,Of of my top 5 favorites. Can't say enough positive comments about this cigar.
Gurkha Warpig,4 out of 5,SHOU,Of of my top 5 favorites. Can't say enough positive comments about this cigar.
Gurkha Warpig,4 out of 5,Good smoke,"Goid smoke, never disappointed in this one"
Gurkha Warpig,5 out of 5,Very nice,Very nice
Gurkha Warpig,5 out of 5,Great flavor and great price,Great flavor and great price
Gurkha Warpig,4 out of 5,Gurkha warpig robusto,The Gurkha warpig robusto is one of my favorite cigars I loaded it several times it burns good and drawers good and smokes right down to the end there's nothing not to like about the drug of War Pig
Gurkha Warpig,5 out of 5,Fantastic smoke,"Well constructed, burns well but not always even, excellent taste."
Gurkha Wicked Indie,5 out of 5,Wicked Indie - look for them it is worth it,"My dad stumbled upon these gems. They are a fantastic smoke and a decent value. The box of 50 makes it easy to split with a buddy. I highly recommend them.
-JJ"
Gurkha Wicked Indie,5 out of 5,GREAT GAR,A definate go to cigar.
Gurkha Widow Maker,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,The Widow Maker branding means the best. Only the Habanos are being offered right now on CI but I look forward to the return of the Maduros.
Gurkha Widow Maker,5 out of 5,Another great Gurkha,I give these a 5 star. Great smoke. Burned even for me. Use a straight cutter and tasted great. Overall good smoke. Recommend!
Gurkha Widow Maker,4 out of 5,Good quality but very very loose. Too easy of a draw I did a deep v cut . Second one of the bundle. I recommend the black ops instead,Good quality
Gurkha Widow Maker,3 out of 5,OK,These are OK. I like other Gurka's better.
Gurkha Widow Maker,4 out of 5,Delicious Smoke Uneven Burn,Nice flavorful smoke. Burns unevenly.
Gurkha Widow Maker,5 out of 5,They liked them!,They liked them!
Gurkha Widow Maker,4 out of 5,Nice smoke,Was a very nicee smoke enjoyed it all the way through.
Gurkha Widow Maker,5 out of 5,very good,very good
Gurkha Widow Maker,5 out of 5,Great product,Great product
Gurkha Widow Maker,5 out of 5,Great stick,Smooth can’t ever go wrong with a Gurkha
Gurkha Widow Maker,5 out of 5,Nice Stick,Very well constructed and easy light. Nice flavor and my friends also enjoyed them
Gurkha Widow Maker,5 out of 5,Good smoke!,Good smoke!
Gurkha Widow Maker,4 out of 5,Smoth smoking cigar,Smoth smoking cigar
Gurkha Widow Maker,4 out of 5,Gurkha Widowmaker,Smooth flavor and even burn. Goes good with rum on a cold night.-Jeff C. OH
Gurkha Widow Maker,5 out of 5,"Gurkha Widow Maker XO Maduro,",Nice relaxing smoke
Gurkha Widow Maker,5 out of 5,It's a Killer,Full bodies. Draws well. Burns evenly. An after dinner smoke.
Gurkha Widow Maker,5 out of 5,Full flavor Cigar!,Great cigar with full flavor & great burn.
Gurkha Widow Maker,4 out of 5,Solid Cigar,"I bought an assortment of Gurkha cigars, this is my favorite of the group. Solid construction and an even burn, a really good value."
Gurkha Widow Maker,4 out of 5,Widow Maker,"Nice smooth smoke, but had a like a warm taste near to the end than I would like. But that was just one stixx"
Gurkha Widow Maker,5 out of 5,"Good taste, burned very nicely.","Good taste, burned very nicely. would buy again"
Gurkha Widow Maker,4 out of 5,Flavorful,A nice flavorful cigar that is rich and enjoyable to smoke.
Gurkha Widow Maker,4 out of 5,great taste,great taste
Gurkha Widow Maker,5 out of 5,Easy draw and smooth taste,Good cigar for the afternoon and relaxing.
Gurkha Widow Maker,4 out of 5,The taste is great,The taste is great
Gurkha Widow Maker,5 out of 5,Good choice all around for me.,"Excellent smoke. Good flavors, nice draw, burns great."
Gurkha Widow Maker,4 out of 5,Gurkha widow maker,Bought a 5-pack. One out of the five was rolled with big vein of leaf tobacco that made it impossible to burn evenly and to smoke.
Gurkha Widow Maker,3 out of 5,Good,Good
Gurkha Widow Maker,5 out of 5,Top pick,Another great smoke from Gurkha. Even burning with a nice smokey rich flavor.
Gurkha Widow Maker,3 out of 5,OK.,These are OK cigars. There are better Gurkha's out there. This not one.
Gurkha Widow Maker,4 out of 5,Gurkha Widow Maker XO Maduro,"I really enjoy the 6x60 size, and found this to be a very good full bodied smoke."
Gurkha Widow Maker,5 out of 5,XO Maduro Gordo is choice,"Excellent cigar if you like a stronger smoke. Deep, rich flavor and very nice aftertaste. Smokes very smooth start to finish. Slow even burn and good ash. This is an evening relaxation cigar for me that lasts about 3 hours."
Gurkha Widow Maker,5 out of 5,Excellent stay to finish,Excellent stay to finish
Gurkha Widow Maker,5 out of 5,Nice smoke,Good cigar
Gurkha Widow Maker,5 out of 5,Great smoke,These are really good cigars.
Gurkha Widow Maker,5 out of 5,Smoking Gun - Widowmaker,A great cigar. Burns slowly with full flavor. Every cigar in the package is good. Color me happy.
Gurkha Widow Maker,3 out of 5,Uneven burn-tunneling,Uneven burn. Disappointing flavor - tastes like other Gurkhas in the deal.
Gurkha Widow Maker,5 out of 5,Wow What a Treat!,"This stick is my New Go To Favorite. Nice Oily Burn Ring, Beautiful White ash, a delicious Cigar, what more can I say."
Gurkha Widow Maker,5 out of 5,My Experience,"Excellent cigar, long lasting. Great, enjoyable cigar! Fast shipping too."
Gurkha Widow Maker,5 out of 5,Outstanding,Outstanding
Gurkha Widow Maker,3 out of 5,Not the Widow Maker I Remember,"Not the Widow Maker of a few years ago. Very loose, spongey. The 6x60s I bought smoked in about 20 minutes. Flavor good, quality of workmanship poor."
Gurkha Widow Maker,5 out of 5,Great,I really liked the Gurkha Widow Maker. They burn really nice and taste. The aroma is vary pleasent.
Gurkha Widow Maker,5 out of 5,enjoy a full flavored cigar,enjoy a full flavored cigar and the Widow Maker fits the bill
Gurkha Widow Maker,5 out of 5,Good Smoke,"I have smoked several of these and like them best in the 50 ring size. They are a good cigar, but probably a little over hyped. They are worth trying and pretty consistent with Gurkha quality cigar."
Gurkha Widow Maker,5 out of 5,Very Good Stick,"For my taste this is one of the better Gurkhas. I think one of the strongest in the Gurkha stable. Burns even , very smooth for a full body smoke, very good draw. I will hope CI will put them back in stock . I will order again if I can find them, so far no luck ."
Gurkha Widow Maker,3 out of 5,"Good taste,hardtolight","Good taste,hardtolight"
Gurkha Xtreme,5 out of 5,Surprise,What a nice surprise. Great construction. Great flavor. An evening cigar.
Gurkha Xtreme,5 out of 5,Clove Essence,Gurkha extreme is real gem. The CI description mentioned clove...and I tasted clove. It not artificial flavor just the essence of clove.
Gurkha Xtreme,3 out of 5,"Did not burn even, came","Did not burn even, came unrapped maybe due"
Gurkha Xtreme,5 out of 5,Very tasty,Good smoke with a cup of strong black coffee after dinner. This has become a regular in my rotation.
Gurkha Xtreme,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar,"Great smoke, good price, will buy again"
Gurkha Xtreme,5 out of 5,Ghurka xtreme,Nice robust smoke very flavorful
Gurkha Xtreme,5 out of 5,Was a excellent smoke from,Was a excellent smoke from start to finish
Gurkha Xtreme,5 out of 5,Full bodied and smooth,It’s a really good after work unwinding smoke.. Not to heavy before calling it a nite..
Gurkha Xtreme,5 out of 5,Great full flavor,"One of my all time favorites! Don’t smoke on an empty stomach, but a great cigar!"
Gurkha Xtreme,5 out of 5,The Buffalo Trace Bourbon of Cigars,"Just as Buffalo Trace Bourbon is an outstandingly delicious spirit for its price point, these inexpensive, flavorful, spicy, dark beauties are an outstanding find, and a great way to stock your humidor with solid sticks, without sacrificing quality. Smoke these now!"
Gurkha Xtreme,4 out of 5,Winner,"Burnt very well, great flavor. Nice smoke to enjoy, with some good bourbon 🥃"
Gurkha Xtreme,5 out of 5,Would buy again.,Add this to the list of good Gurkhas
Gurkha Xtreme,4 out of 5,Good smoking cigars for good,Good smoking cigars for good price.
Gurkha Xtreme,4 out of 5,"Smoke, awesome. CI, not so much.","Nice stick. Smoked well, not very complex. The one that I had the wrapper started to unravel. However, I am looking forward to the next one. CI, displays box in advertising, however, when I orders mine they did not ship the box."
Gurkha Xtreme,3 out of 5,Gurkha Xtreme,The cigar was actually really good but I was a little disappointed that I did not get the cool looking box it came in.
Gurkha Xtreme,5 out of 5,One of the best cigars around!,"Gurkha is by far my favorite cigar manufacturer, and the Gurkha Xtreme is one of my favorite smokes. It's smooth, full bodied and produces a good amount of smoke. I recommend this cigar for everyone."
Gurkha Yakuza,5 out of 5,Knock Out Gurkha,"I missed the chance to purchase the box, so next best thing were some 5 packs. Great stick, even burn and very good smoke quality. Lasted about 90 minutes. Will be back for a box!"
Gurkha Yakuza,5 out of 5,good smoke,good smoke
Gurkha Yakuza,5 out of 5,Nice,Nice
Gurkha Yakuza,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,Very smooth for a full bodied cigar.
Gurkha Yakuza,5 out of 5,One of the Best,"Such a Beautiful cigar,the taste is excellent, the burn is great,I have nothing in the negative about it,I will definitely buy again"
Gurkha Yakuza,5 out of 5,smooth & delicious,for the money - this cigar smokes as good as any 60.00 and above cigar it delicious and very smooth with a great aroma.
Gurkha Yakuza,5 out of 5,Yak,I like the gauge. Full body.
Gurkha Yakuza,5 out of 5,"Great cigar, but you need to catch a sale.","This is a great cigar. Certainly it's safe to say it's my favorite. When I'm out at a smoking event, one of these is almost certainly in my travel humidor.
That said the only way I'm able to keep them stocked in my humidor is to catch a sale. So while they can be pretty pricey if you can catch a sale, go for it, you won't be disappointed."
Gurkha Yakuza,5 out of 5,Great Cigars,Awesome price
Gurkha Yakuza,5 out of 5,Full Bodied and Oily,"I'd give it a 4.5/5 if I had the option but i'll round up. It's a very heavy full bodied cigar that is rich and oily. You'll get a variety of deep earthy flavors like leather and wood with some spice in the mix. It's not only the wrapper giving a lot of flavor in this cigar, the filler provides quite a punch."
Gurkha Yakuza,5 out of 5,Yakuza,Great smoke
Gurkha Yakuza,5 out of 5,Ghurka Yakuza Toro,Good draw. Solid cigar. Tight wrapper. Even burn. Good on sale buy.
Gurkha Yakuza,5 out of 5,Gurkha Yakuza,"I've been a Gurkha lover forever but this is my all-time favorite. Loaded with lots of flavor and producing a deep, billowing smoke, it never fails to deliver. Not for the faint of heart, this is a full bodied beauty."
Gurkha Yakuza,4 out of 5,The only Gurkha worth smoking,"Tasty. Starts slow, builds wonderfully. Buy a ten pack. You won't regret it."
Gurkha Yakuza,4 out of 5,Excellent,Tasted high end with spicy and leather notes all the way through. May not be a every day cigar but if you want top shelf look no further.
Gurkha Yakuza,5 out of 5,A++,"Great cigar for a special gift or occasion, well worth the price!"
Gurkha Yakuza,5 out of 5,Glad I took advantage of this deal!,"Fantastic. Rich smoke, white ash, even burn, good flavor at light, and an excellent flavor burst in the middle. CI offered these in a sampler, and I'm glad I took advantage of that deal!"
Gurkha Yakuza,5 out of 5,Excelkent,"Brought these on a special and not AM I glad it did..
One of the finest cigars I have smoked... Get them if you can. I will buy again and again...
.."
Gurkha Yakuza,5 out of 5,Fit for Kings,"Flawless Draw and Burn, excellent flavor with dark oily wrapper. My humidor will Always be stocked with these Jewels!!"
Gurkha Yakuza,5 out of 5,Gurkha Yakuza,"Outstanding cigar. Full flavored, very smooth"
Gurkha Yakuza,5 out of 5,Yakuza toro,The perfect blend of strength and taste. Honduras and Nicaragua filler gift wrapped in an ecuador wrapper. An experience to repeat over and over.
Gurkha Yakuza,5 out of 5,GURKHA Yakuzza,"This is by far my favorite from Gurkha.
I've had many before but none like this.
The longer in the Humidor the better..
Another big hit for CI."
Gurkha Yakuza,4 out of 5,Decent smoke,"a little spicy, good smoke. I read that the longer it sits the better it is, I will try another one I have stored in a few months. not worth the price though"
Gurkha Yakuza,5 out of 5,Gurkhas greatest,Very flavorful smoke! Smooth start and just gets more enjoyable as you go on.Only wish I would've gotten a bigger size and longer I didn't wanna put it out.Got it in a great sampler deal with the rocky patel sun grown hope they bring it back!
Gurkha Yakuza,3 out of 5,Gurkha Yakuza Toro,"Well bought these guys on sale in a 5 pack, and glade I did not my cup of tea. Friends of mine have enjoyed these cigars I Tried 2 but just didn't like anything about them. but everyone is different, so enjoy your Gurkha Yakuza's. But next time I will pass on them. Thanks CI for the deal to try them."
Gurkha Yakuza,5 out of 5,Everything it claims to be.... Definitely a full bodied stick,"Got 2 of these in sampler, first one was awesome after 2 weeks in the humi, enjoying the second as I write this. Though they are amazingly tasty and very full of thick smoke they are quite pricey to buy not heir own....luckily CI always has awesome samplers and some of the other sticks that came with this are quite good as well. Gonna be buying plenty more of those to keep some of these in stock. Great stick!"
Gurkha Yakuza,5 out of 5,Let it age before smoke,"I got these cigars through a sampler and I am glad I got to experience them. Based on some last reviews I let the Yakuza age in my humidor for about a month. I smoked one during a Vegas trip and although it was good, it wasn't great. I let the others age longer in the humidor for another 2 months and had another during 4th of July. The Yakuza was much better great. So lesson for this cigar, it will be more enjoyable aged at least several months before smoking it."
Gurkha Yakuza,5 out of 5,Matt,AWESOME! Smooth from start to finish.
Gurkha Yakuza,1 out of 5,Will never buy again,Could not finish any of these. Horrible flavor.
Gurkha Yakuza,5 out of 5,Favorite stick,"This is my favorite stick, it's full bodied but smooth!"
Gurkha Yakuza,4 out of 5,Stand Alone Favorite.,This cigar surprised me. For some reason I was thinking it would be too strong and a little bitter. I was wrong. Full smooth smoke with a silky sheen to the wrapper makes it one of my favorite all-time smokes.
Gurkha Yakuza,5 out of 5,GURKHA YAKUZA TORO,"I bought the Gurkha for my husband, an anniversary gift. He loves them. Makes a great gift."
Gurkha Yakuza,4 out of 5,Impressive cigar,"Not normally a Gurkha fan but this is a very good cigar. Construction, appearance and burn is spot on. The taste is smooth and more complex than most Gurkhas I've had, but MSRP is inflated."
Gurkha Yakuza,5 out of 5,goodcigar,goodcigar
Gurkha Yakuza,4 out of 5,"Earthy, like a fine whiskey","Earthy, like a fine whiskey"
Gurkha Yakuza,5 out of 5,Winner Takes All.,"The Winner takes all, and CI takes this coveted spot. Talk about Service. Okay, lets! On time. On Target. On the Move to Perfection. Enough said?"
Gurkha Yakuza,5 out of 5,Yakuza is a winner,One of the best smokes I've had. Solid construction. Great draw. Wonderful taste. They are now in the realm of a must have for my humidor.
Gurkha Yakuza,4 out of 5,Inspectorman,Great burn!
Gurkha Yakuza,4 out of 5,Sergey,"Not bad. Good value for money, I will buy them again"
Gurkha Yakuza,5 out of 5,AGreatSmoke,Love the GURKHA's!! Haven't had a bad one yet! I will be buying these again especially if there's another special!!
Gurkha Yakuza,5 out of 5,Great,great deals
Gurkha Yakuza,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Great Smoke
Gurkha Yakuza,5 out of 5,Liked very much,Liked very much
Gurkha Yakuza,1 out of 5,Overrated!!!!,"Only gave it a star because I had to so I could write a review, but this cigar is garbage. I got it on a Joe's deal, so I thought I would have no complaints about the price. However, if this cigar was given to me I still would be disappointed. Out of the ten I recieved 2 were halfway decent experiences. I had to throw away 3 becuase they were unsmokable. All were too tight and even some extended time in the humi did nothing to improve this cigar. I had canoe issues, draw issues, flavor issues and struggled to keep them lit. The only positive is that they are beautiful to look at. But it's the proverbial ""lipstick on a pig."" All show and no go. Will never buy again."
Gurkha Yakuza,5 out of 5,"gtfo, a good Gurkha.... never thought I would see the day!","Fantastic smoke. Slight peppery, earthy, I swear it tasted like baileys at the last 3rd. I think for the price I should have gotten 6 (JK I just regret smoking them all so fast)! Superior product, Gurkha definitely fixed my opinion of them. Try them out.... unless they are almost gone, in which case DON'T BUY THEM, THEY ARE MINE!"
Gurkha Yakuza,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Gurkha Yakuza,4 out of 5,Fine cigar !,"Really nice smoke, good with a shot of bourbon! Highly recommended !"
Gurkha Yakuza,4 out of 5,Banzai!,"This is a bold, full bodied smoke with excellent flavor and a rich, spicy taste. Excellent burn and draw, with only one cigar of the bunch a bit too tightly rolled."
Gurkha Yakuza,5 out of 5,great cigar,one of the best cigars I have smoked !
Gurkha Yakuza,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,"I bought a bunch of these while they were on sale. Knowing how hard single sticks of these are to come by I bought 40 of them on sale! Best choice I made all week! Great smoke, burns nice and even, hints of pepper, cocoa, cream. Super nice! A must have in the humi!"
H. Upmann 175th Anniversary,4 out of 5,Great Cigar/Presentation,"Excellent flavor; but it keeps going out. Had to light it 6x min. It also comes with a boveda pack 69% which arrived completely dried up. Cigars came super dry as well.
I rate this a 90"
H. Upmann 175th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
H. Upmann 1844 Reserve,5 out of 5,the pronto seems a little,the pronto seems a little to loosely wrapped
H. Upmann 1844 Reserve,4 out of 5,Very nice!,"This is a just a very enjoyable and relaxing medium-full cigar, Rich flavor that is balanced by an underlying sweetness. I have not tried any other sizes in this line,, but the Churchill seems to be a good fit for this blend."
H. Upmann 1844 Reserve,5 out of 5,Demitasse are great smokes for when you need a quick one,Nice smoke and lasts longer than the short smoke and good quality.
H. Upmann 1844 Reserve,5 out of 5,Cigar heaven,"One hour and fifty minutes of pure cigar smoking heaven. From the moment you take it out of the humidor until you reluctantly set it in the ashtray for the last time, everything is perfect. These Churchills will have a permanent spot reserved, some buried to see how well they age, and a couple handy on the top shelves."
H. Upmann 1844 Reserve,4 out of 5,Top quality smoke.,"Bought one of these today at my local shop, this may be the ideal after dinner treat. Nice even burn, tight ash and a good leather flavor throughout. Kinda tough to keep cool during the last 3rd but overall a great choice."
H. Upmann 1844 Reserve,5 out of 5,Upmann 1844,"Great Smoke, smooth all the way thru"
H. Upmann 1844 Reserve,4 out of 5,Overall excellent smoke!,"After smoking a church hill I read several reviews and saw mostly excellent but some poor reviews. My experience was both. The cigar started out harsh and was burning badly, though it had a perfect draw. After five minutes and one relight, it became the cigar I had read about in the excellent reviews. Very smooth and tasty with a great leather flavor and good finish. I did have to pay attention and take more frequent puffs than normal to keep it burning, but other than that an excellent smoke. I will buy again!"
H. Upmann 1844 Reserve,5 out of 5,NIRVANA,"This is a well made, easy to draw cigar with great flavor. In the many years I have smoked them I have never had a poorly made or bad cigar. PLEASE, everyone, don't rush to buy them and create a shortage."
H. Upmann 1844 Reserve,5 out of 5,Quite good,"These are quite good. Not sure why they get some poor reviews. Even burn, smooth. Perfect draw in my opinion."
H. Upmann 1844 Reserve,5 out of 5,Customer Service & Pricing,"CI's Customer Service is awesome! It should be an example to all businesses to follow. They manifest the motto, ""The Customer Comes First"". CI's pricing is very reasonable, when compared to other sources. They are always coming up with great cost saving offerings on fine cigars. I appreciate CI's mailed advertising of special offerings and deals, and your website in excellent. Although I don't smoke many cigars (probably about 3 per month), as when I light one up, I enjoy it like a special treat. My father smoked cigars... and during high school I always remembered him giving me the advise: ""Son, if you ever smoke cigars, buy the best."" I asked him, ""How do I know what is the best?"" He replied, ""smooth start and finish, even burn throughout, flavor increases not decreases... to the point where the richness lasts up to the very end."" I also remember him telling me, ""the longer the ash, the smoother the smoke. Anyway, whenever I find myself running low on cigars, CI is my go-to source!"
H. Upmann 1844 Reserve,3 out of 5,Bigger is better.,"The demitasse are soft, and their wrappers are a little on the sloppy side, but the taste is ok. It surprised me that there can be such a difference in quality between the sizes."
H. Upmann 1844 Reserve,5 out of 5,Very good.,I was pleased for the quick shipment and the packing of my cigars. They were nice and fresh. I will definitely order again.
H. Upmann 1844 Reserve,5 out of 5,Really Great Smokes,"Man oh man. Those H. Upmann1844 Reserve Churchills arean excellent smoke. They draw easily, stay lit, and have a robustflavor. I recommend them to all my friends!"
H. Upmann 1844 Reserve,5 out of 5,BEST cigar and cigar value!!!,"The H. Upmann 1844 Reserve Churchill is the BEST cigar money can buy - for an incredible price, too! Nice tight, smooth, and even burn. Much better than other more expensive cigars. A true classic that's stood the test of time."
H. Upmann 1844 Reserve,5 out of 5,S.M.O.O.T.H....,"A smooth cigar. Nice smoke with coffee or glass of ice cold Moscato.
You will smoke this cigar to your finger nub, so get a cigar spike for ""good to the last drop"""
H. Upmann 1844 Reserve,5 out of 5,H. Upmann,First had H. Upmann cigars 20 years ago. Still are a great cigar.
H. Upmann 1844 Reserve,5 out of 5,H Upmann,"A good cigar for the price, my son in laws favorite is why I buy them. Love CI customer service."
H. Upmann 1844 Reserve,4 out of 5,Great Cigar,I find this to be one of my go to cigars.
H. Upmann 1844 Reserve,4 out of 5,Very good stoggie!,A go too cigar!
H. Upmann 1844 Reserve,5 out of 5,Excellent buy,Smooth smoke with a nice draw
H. Upmann 1844 Reserve,4 out of 5,Too soon to tell,Tasty but the first one I tried plugged about 2/3 through. Let's see.....
H. Upmann 1844 Reserve,5 out of 5,One of my favorite go,One of my favorite go to cigars
H. Upmann 1844 Reserve,3 out of 5,ok,"the size is good, has slow burn which is nice, the only thing I feel they were a little choppy. ok but a lot of fish in the sea."
H. Upmann 1844 Reserve,5 out of 5,Quality Quick Smoke,I've always like H. Upmann cigars. The corona is a good smoke that doesn't take all night... or morning! :)
H. Upmann 1844 Reserve,5 out of 5,Excellent Smoke,Excellent Smoke
H. Upmann 1844 Reserve,5 out of 5,They are good,They are good
H. Upmann 1844 Reserve,5 out of 5,Excellent!,A legacy cigar overlooked by many aficionados.
H. Upmann 1844 Reserve,5 out of 5,Will Buy again,"Arrived on time as always, heard so much about them so after sitting in the humidor for a few days I had to light one up, the flavor was from the start all the way through, one of those sticks you don't want to stop smoking."
H. Upmann 1844 Reserve,5 out of 5,Amazed,I was very amazed at the quality of these cigars. Very flavorful and a great smoke.
H. Upmann 1844 Reserve,2 out of 5,"High hopes, but let down.","I received one of these as part of a sampler. I had high hopes, it was well wrapped, tight and smelled great. However, the burn was uneven, difficult draw and very little smoke for the effort. Had to re-light twice. It smoked decent for a draw or two in the middle, but then went back to being difficult with little smoke. Based on other reviews, it sounds like I got the dud."
H. Upmann 1844 Reserve,5 out of 5,H. Upmann 1844,Medium to full bodied. Nice draw. Highly recommend.
H. Upmann 1844 Reserve,5 out of 5,Awesome Smoke,I can always rely on these for a quality smoke.
H. Upmann 1844 Reserve,5 out of 5,"A tasty, middle of the road smoke.","Leather, chestnut, a hint of clove, traces of peat and sea mist, with a buttery center note.
An excellent middle of the road smoke, no weak, and not with out character."
H. Upmann 1844 Reserve,5 out of 5,Hold its own!,Great All Round Cigar!Even burn and great taste! Cant go wrong with this cigar !
H. Upmann 1844 Reserve,5 out of 5,Great,Always a go to smoke! H. Upmann has been in business long enough to produce a stunning product!
H. Upmann 1844 Reserve,5 out of 5,Excellent from start to finish!,"Without a doubt, my favorite cigar!"
H. Upmann 1844 Reserve,5 out of 5,My newest favorite!,Without a doubt my newest favorite cigar! Smooth and creamy from start to finish.
H. Upmann 1844 Reserve,5 out of 5,"Always great products, service, and value at CI",Thank you
H. Upmann 1844 Reserve,5 out of 5,Noob Liked It,"This was probably my 20th and 25th cigars after taking up the hobby in earnest.
Pre-light was leather and sweet tobacco. I cut it and toasted. The first third gave me nuts and leather; no pepper. Good light, draw, and ash; a razor burn. Pleasant wood flavors coming up into the first inch. On the mild side of mild-medium, but a good finish; heck even the smoke off the cigar between puffs is pleasant. Second third brought hints of pepper coming in, along with a nice toastiness. Final third adds a bit of cedar to the mix, near as I can tell. A very pleasant stick. It's weird but I keep lipping the head because it's so tasty! I nubbed it good."
H. Upmann 1844 Reserve,5 out of 5,Works for me,Great products and good prices compared to retail.
H. Upmann 1844 Reserve,5 out of 5,"H Uppman 1844 --- solid,solid, solid","The 1844 from H Uppman is a really good cigar!! Since I discovered it a year ago, it has become my go-to cigar. It is well constructed and has great taste. I am never disappointed in how this cigar smokes, and the quality plus the modest cost make the 1844 a tremendous value. Two thumbs up !!!"
H. Upmann 1844 Reserve,5 out of 5,H. Hupman 1844 Reserve Church,Most enjoyable cigar I smoke. Very smooth.
H. Upmann by AJ Fernandez,3 out of 5,Better wrap,Good smoke.. not wrap solid
H. Upmann by AJ Fernandez,3 out of 5,It could have been almost perfect but alas....,This cigar lost a point when the wrapper started falling apart (it was salvageable in the end after burning off the wrapper that was pealing from the binder). It was loose compared to most cigars (which are mostly way way way too tight) but it lost another point for not having the lush draw that would have made this cigar nearly perfect.
H. Upmann by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,A personal favorite,"Consistently burning through these in my humidor. A go to for a nice day and a nice smoke. Good for the seasoned smoker, as well as for those just starting. AJ does it again."
H. Upmann by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,"Another excellent blend by AJ! Draw is always effortless, burn line always crisp. This is a very flavorful cigar in the med to full profile. This one has earned permanent residence in my humidor!"
H. Upmann by AJ Fernandez,4 out of 5,AJ Fernandez,"Bold, nice size and a consistent burn. Nice smoke."
H. Upmann by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Definitely a favorite. What a great cigar. Burns well and tastes great. Don’t hesitate to grab some of these
H. Upmann by AJ Fernandez,3 out of 5,"TASTY CIGAR, BUT TOO DELICATE OF A WRAPPER","I really like the medium strength and flavor of this cigar, but too often the wrapper cracks before I'm finished with the cigar. I purposely keep these cigars at 73% humidity, but if you smoke these in a dry climate, you may have problems with the wrapper.. That being said, the cigar has flavors of cocoa and hints of pepper, with an underlining sweetness."
H. Upmann by AJ Fernandez,4 out of 5,Good cigar for a mainstream,Good cigar for a mainstream company
H. Upmann by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Really good cigar,"Smooth smoke, great burn"
H. Upmann by AJ Fernandez,4 out of 5,Love the flavor...but,"I absolutely love the flavor of this cigar. Medium bodied. Delicious. A wonderful 60 minute smoke. But I also notice that the wrapper has a tendency to crack once I start to smoke it. That has been true even when purchased from two different sources. That said, it's still worth the smoke."
H. Upmann by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,H Upmann,Another quality blend by AJ Fernandez
H. Upmann by AJ Fernandez,4 out of 5,Excellente Stick,"Beautiful construction and combustion, excellent burning and draw... AJ did it again!!!"
H. Upmann by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke...Great Draw,Excellent smoke...Great Draw
H. Upmann by AJ Fernandez,4 out of 5,Consistent smoke and smooth.,Great smoke on a Sunday afternoon. Get your favorite Starbucks coffee to go with add something to the coffee if you like. It balances out the flavors.
H. Upmann by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,One of my new favs!,Just a great all around smoke. Enjoyed one today in fact.
H. Upmann by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,It's an AJ.,"Like everything else AJ makes, just incredible. Rich, enthusiastic flavor with a nice draw and beautiful construction. Every bit a combination of H Upmann earthiness, with the richness and smoothness of an AJ offering."
H. Upmann by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Smokes,"One of the best ever
Smooth
Creamy
Light
Great burn"
H. Upmann by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,great smoke,really a 90 rated cigar very good
H. Upmann by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Chris n,Smooth creamy smoke
H. Upmann by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Beautiful cigar!,Beautiful cigar!
H. Upmann by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Money well spent.,These are some of the best full-flavored cigars I've ever had. I like to have 'em on hand for special occasions and a very select group of friends. Will purchase again; definitely money well spent.
H. Upmann by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Something Very Special from AJ.,"I’m usually a Connecticut man, but this blend by AJ makes me rethink my usual choice. It’s a great cigar, and even though it is a medium-full bodied stick, it’s not overpowering and has a perfect draw and smooth balance. I get the black cherry and cocoa flavors. It’s just down right delicious!. I have enjoyed every toro in the 5-pack I ordered, each one more than the last. AJ has knocked it out of the park with this one. I’ll be ordering some more, most definitely."
H. Upmann by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Fantastic.,"I have received these in a couple of different CI deals, and have not had the consistency issues described by other reviewers. I have found they must be stored a few weeks in the humidor before trying (more sensitive than most). For me, the flavor profile, and strength were outstanding. I would place these in the full bodied group, but not over the top full. Very smooth, and flavorful, I will order these whenever I see a deal come up."
H. Upmann by AJ Fernandez,4 out of 5,"Smooth draw , with a","Smooth draw , with a lasting aroma"
H. Upmann by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Very robust but smooth right,Very robust but smooth right down to the nub. Will buy again.
H. Upmann by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Great Smoke!,Great Smoke!
H. Upmann by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,H Up man AJ Fernandez,Outstanding cigar became my favorite
H. Upmann by AJ Fernandez,3 out of 5,Consitency non existent,"Each cigar I got was different, the first 1 the wrapper fell apart, the 2nd I could not get a good draw on, and the 3rd did not seem to have the same flavor as far as the other 2 I did not waste my time."
H. Upmann by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,H. Upmann by A.J,"Loved these so much that I bought a box of 20. Great smoke for any occasion. Smooth and consistent throughout, really reliable in their construction as well. You can be a long time smoker like me, or someone new to cigars and enjoy it just the same. Highly recommend treating yourself to these."
H. Upmann by AJ Fernandez,4 out of 5,Good!,Good!
H. Upmann by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,One of the best sticks AJ makes,My friends and I love these cigars to smoke. So much flavor and an excellent draw. I feel it's the best cigar AJ Fernandez rolls.
H. Upmann by AJ Fernandez,4 out of 5,I am a huge AJ,I am a huge AJ fan and like these a lot but not enough to give the 5th star.
H. Upmann by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
H. Upmann by AJ Fernandez,3 out of 5,Decent cigar,Decent cigar for recreational smoking.
H. Upmann by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Delicious GEM,"Smooth, silky, toasty delicious cigar. Extremely well made. Medium flavor with pure smoking pleasure from start to end."
H. Upmann by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Nice Smoke,Great mild taste and burns well to a perfect finish.
H. Upmann by AJ Fernandez,3 out of 5,Not quite what I expected,"AJF has been crafting cigars for other makers, and being a fan of his main line of cigars, I've been trying those he's made for other cigar makers. So far, I haven't been impressed. This cigar was certainly a bolder blend than most H Uppmans, but it lacked the depth and character of other AJF blends. Smokeable, certainly, but if you want AJF, I suggest you go to the source rather than a hybrid."
H. Upmann by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,H. Upmann by AJ Fernandez,"Excellent draw and construction, even burn, pre-light aroma is enticing...great tobacco smell. It does not get stronger closer to the end, but still stays smooth, not harsh. Med-Med Full strength, but definitely a full-flavor cigar. Can’t go wrong with this stick!"
H. Upmann by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,A grand slam by AJ,"The perfect cigar for me. Great burn, white puffy smoke, great smooth flavor with a nutty after taste"
H. Upmann by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Best H. Upmann,"Consistently great cigar. Everyone that I've smoked has been exactly the same. Smooth easy draw, perfect burn, lots of thick creamy smoke. Not overpoweringly strong, really nice flavor."
H. Upmann by AJ Fernandez,3 out of 5,Is a good cigar.,Is a good cigar.
H. Upmann by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Nice flavor full bodied cigar,Nice flavor full bodied cigar
H. Upmann by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Enjoyable Smoke,Bought these in a sampler a few months ago and was pleasantly surprised. They have a good medium/full flavor. Recently bought two five packs because of my very positive experience with the sampler. Highly recommend them.
H. Upmann by AJ Fernandez,4 out of 5,very good !,very good !
H. Upmann by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,New Favorite,Tasty medium body smoke. My new go-to cigar.
H. Upmann by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Nice cigar,"First Upmanns that I have smoked, bought them because of the AJ Fernandez blending and wasn't disappointed. Very tasty, nice burn. Are a bit stronger than I expected. Won't go wrong with these!"
H. Upmann by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Awesome smoke,"Smooth, silky, smells great!! Really enjoyed it!"
H. Upmann by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,One of my regulars,"This cigar is big bold and delicious. It is a strong cigar, so it may not be the best choice for a beginner. If you like a strong, flavorful cigar this one is a gem."
H. Upmann by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,H.Upmann hits out of the park,"Will continue to buy
Excellent smoke
One of the smoothest and tastiest I’ve ever had"
H. Upmann by AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"For a great price ,you won’t be disappointed I assure you. Full bodied,full flavor great cigar,AJ does it again."
H. Upmann Connecticut,5 out of 5,H Upman,"good, well made, cigar. recommend highly.."
H. Upmann Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good every day dtogie,"Good draw, burns smooth, nuts and cinnamon"
H. Upmann Connecticut,5 out of 5,Grupo de Maestro CT!,Each stick was as fresh as the last. Love this cigar. Just got a box!
H. Upmann Fumas,4 out of 5,some cigars had pin-holes in,some cigars had pin-holes in the wrapper which makes for a difficult draw..
H. Upmann Fumas,4 out of 5,Very uneven burn due to,Very uneven burn due to humidity bit good smoke
H. Upmann Fumas,3 out of 5,Nice little kick around smoke,Nice smoke to have to keep from smoking up your premos.
H. Upmann Fumas,5 out of 5,Great cigar,I'm glad they finally got these back in a great smoke everything about it I like just dont like when they run out
H. Upmann Fumas,4 out of 5,Fair,Fair
H. Upmann Fumas,5 out of 5,Try it with Conac,Worth it. Try them with conac
H. Upmann Fumas,5 out of 5,Suprized,Outstanding but not a surprise. Will buy again.
H. Upmann Fumas,5 out of 5,"They're smooth, I'm going to","They're smooth, I'm going to order them again."
H. Upmann Fumas,4 out of 5,OK cigar,"I got these on a special and have had them in the humidor for a couple of weeks. I have smoked three of them and they have been good. Hopefully the rest of the bundle is as good as the three I have smoked. Nothing supper special on the taste profile, just a nice medium flavor cigar. I will probably buy them again."
H. Upmann Fumas,5 out of 5,Pleasant surprise,"I had been warned about fumas type cigars, that they might be poor quality. H Upmann fumas puts the lie to that - excellent taste, smooth smoking, pleasant aroma."
H. Upmann Fumas,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke right out the package. I know there just going to get better.
H. Upmann Fumas,5 out of 5,A savory saver,"These cigars were a bargain, especially given th price point to quality ratio. They are slightly bolder than medium, and are smooth and consistent throughout the burn down to about 5 cm (2 inches)."
H. Upmann Fumas,5 out of 5,Surprise!,"My son has been giving me expensive Upmanns over the years and I have always enjoyed them. I took a chance on the H Upmann fumas as it is all I can afford these days. Surprise I thoroughly enjoy them, great taste and nice burn. I have three times and will continue to do so."
H. Upmann Fumas,5 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
H. Upmann Fumas,4 out of 5,Decent Cigar,I was pleasantly surprised. One of the best for the price. I wish they had a ten pack but worth the 20 pack price if you have room in tour humidor!
H. Upmann Fumas,4 out of 5,H Upman,"Good smoke. Not H Upmans best, but good."
H. Upmann Fumas,5 out of 5,great cigar,great cigar
H. Upmann Fumas,4 out of 5,A good and reliable smoke.,"A good and reliable smoke. It burns evenly, delivers a smooth draw, and lasts about 90 minutes. Part of its appeal is the price."
H. Upmann Fumas,5 out of 5,Happy buyer,Nice smooth smoke never bitter start to finish
H. Upmann Fumas,4 out of 5,Great cigars,Great cigars
H. Upmann Fumas,5 out of 5,Great Smoke!,These are a really good smoke for the price.
H. Upmann Fumas,4 out of 5,Excellent daily stick,"Silky smooth, wrapper with excellent burn and draw. Flavor has hints of its Cuban heritage. Excellent daily smoke for the price."
H. Upmann Fumas,5 out of 5,Relax time,Great smokes
H. Upmann Fumas,3 out of 5,Fume,Good everyday smoke
H. Upmann Fumas,3 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
H. Upmann Fumas,4 out of 5,"Nice smoke in the morning,","Nice smoke in the morning, noon or night."
H. Upmann Fumas,5 out of 5,MOST FAVORITE EVERYDAY CIGAR,I found H. Upmann by accident when a friend brought me one in a sampler. I have had them in my humidor at all times since.
H. Upmann Fumas,4 out of 5,Fumas,Good smoke - GREAT Price
H. Upmann Fumas,5 out of 5,Great Stick,"I was enjoying these a few times a week. Great cigar for the price. I was going to order more, but the price went up."
H. Upmann Fumas,4 out of 5,Excellent Cigar,"For the price, the good solid name that is H. Upmann, this was an excellent purchase!"
H. Upmann Fumas,4 out of 5,H Up man fun as great buy.,"Very nice deal for a great smoke, exactly what you would expect for an Upman without breaking the bank."
H. Upmann Fumas,4 out of 5,H upman,Nice draw notes of Earth. Burns very well
H. Upmann Fumas,4 out of 5,Good little smoke but have lighter draw,Not bad for the price but had to use draw poker to make them more comfortable to smoke. I would still buy them again....
H. Upmann Fumas,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
H. Upmann Fumas,3 out of 5,Good cheap smoke,"Reach for them every day. Decent smoke, not expensive."
H. Upmann Fumas,4 out of 5,good cigar but the draw,good cigar but the draw is a bit hard
H. Upmann Fumas,5 out of 5,Very good,Very good
H. Upmann Fumas,5 out of 5,Fumas h upman,Nice relaxing soft not real heavy cigar
H. Upmann Fumas,3 out of 5,Ok for the price,Uneven burn and poor build quality. Taste was ok but far from a premium smoke. Take the name off and sell them as seconds. Trying to save some money and looking foolish.
H. Upmann Fumas,5 out of 5,"sticks are delicious. Sorry, that's","sticks are delicious.
Sorry, that's zero help to the cigar aficionado, but I can't describe all the wonderful tastes I read about from other reviewers from beginning to end. With that said, I've smoked one of these H. Upmann Fumas and I was very impressed. I'm hoping the entire batch is this tasty.
So, excellent taste and great taste earned 5 stars from me."
H. Upmann Fumas,4 out of 5,Earthy smoke,Earthy flavor draw can be irregular but not bad for a bundle price.
H. Upmann Fumas,4 out of 5,Not a bad stick,"Burned even Mild enough for me nice aroma, was great on the golf course"
H. Upmann Fumas,4 out of 5,h upman,"a nice smoke, well made cigar"
H. Upmann Fumas,5 out of 5,Beezer,"Always good, always even, and a bargain at the sale price"
H. Upmann Fumas,4 out of 5,Hupmann fumas is a good deal,"Tried them for the first time and was very happy with the cigar . Good flavor
Would recommend"
H. Upmann Fumas,3 out of 5,Decent smoke,"Not a bad cigar,"
H. Upmann Fumas,3 out of 5,"Nicely packaged, even-burning smoke","This medium-bodied smoke is of high quality and consistency, though at least one of the wrappers had some small rips in it. Still, it held together and burned evenly throughout, and even as the glow approaches the band. Nicely packaged and pretty fairly priced."
H. Upmann Fumas,5 out of 5,Very nice,Very nice
H. Upmann Fumas,2 out of 5,O.k.,I've had a lot better.
H. Upmann Fumas,2 out of 5,Not impressed,Not as flavorfull as regular upmans. Reminds me of the original Dunhill cigars of which i do not like. I am a connoisseur so i will still smoke them.
H. Upmann Herman's Batch,5 out of 5,Nice,This cigar caught me by surprise. When I first lit it up I was amazed it was a upmann. This is a quality cigar at a great price...tons of flavor and a beautiful white ash. Buy them by the box and enjoy
H. Upmann Hispaniola by Jose Mendez,5 out of 5,Unique Cigar,I understand this cigar uses unique tobacco from The DR. It is a very tasty and aromatic smoke. I highly recommend trying it. I am hooked on them.
H. Upmann Legacy Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Nice cigars,Nice cigar good flavor nice burn. I would buy these again.
H. Upmann Legacy Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Get 'em now,"These were slotted to be part of the Upmann line, but for some reason didn't make it in. Who knows why, not a good enough supply of the tobaccos to sustain them, to expensive to be profitable... Anyway, I like them a lot, and price is nice. I'd get some before they're gone."
H. Upmann Legacy Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Act now,"Nice, tasty, slow-burning smoke. These evidently won’t become part of theUpmann line, for whatever reason, so snap them up before they are gone."
H. Upmann Legacy Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Pairs well with Bourbon.,A good stick with a bourbon at the end og the day.
H. Upmann Legacy Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Quality with Economy...,"Great buy and great smoke....mild to medium strength in my opinion and so far a good burn. If its a n Upmann, not sure you can go wrong."
H. Upmann Legacy Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Just ok,Just ok
H. Upmann Legacy Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Good Stick,"nice smoke, goes well with a stout!"
H. Upmann Legacy Nicaragua,3 out of 5,dont like the taste or aroma,"great brand, not so great taste, construction is flawless, burn excellent. sometimes i think there is a reason CI puts cigars on sale !"
H. Upmann Legacy Nicaragua,4 out of 5,"GREAT 'Freebie', free shipping. MEH, so-so H.Upmann","Decent Overall. The H. Upmann's were kinda' spongy & not well put together. The saving grace was the 10 Monte Cristo that were a ""freebie"", & the free shipping. I'll smoke the Upmann's in the car or outside, save the the Monte Cristo's for when I want a better smoke and be happy"
H. Upmann Legacy Nicaragua,3 out of 5,Nice however could be better...,Has a tendency to burn unevenly. Too much torch correction.
H. Upmann Legacy Nicaragua,3 out of 5,H.Upman,These H.Upman were good but not to their usual standards of excellence..
H. Upmann Legacy Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great purchase for the money,Great smoke! Cigar is a pleasure and wonderful relaxing enjoyment for the price!
H. Upmann Legacy Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Good draw mellow taste great price.
H. Upmann Legacy Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Nice cigar for the price,Nice cigar for the price
H. Upmann Legacy Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Upmann,"Great smoke, large ash proves the cigar quality"
H. Upmann Legacy Nicaragua,5 out of 5,H Upman - Legacy,"Get smoke, perfect burn, nice aroma and pleasant taste"
H. Upmann Legacy Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Upmann Legacy,"One of the lower priced Upmanns. Very good, especially for the price."
H. Upmann Legacy Nicaragua,4 out of 5,good cigar..,good cigar..
H. Upmann Legacy Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Good coonstruction and a great,Good coonstruction and a great smoke.
H. Upmann Legacy Nicaragua,4 out of 5,H Upman,Very nice smoke would buy again
H. Upmann Legacy Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Nice smoke,"Good taste, smooth burn"
H. Upmann Legacy Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
H. Upmann Legacy Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
H. Upmann Legacy Nicaragua,4 out of 5,"Ok, but but difficult to","Ok, but but difficult to draw."
H. Upmann Legacy Nicaragua,4 out of 5,good overall smoke,"excellent price for a decent smoke, not perfect, but very acceptable. good taste and flavors."
H. Upmann Legacy Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Nice cigar,Reasonable price. Smokes well
H. Upmann Legacy Nicaragua,3 out of 5,They are good. Burns nice,They are good. Burns nice
H. Upmann Legacy Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great smoke!!!,Pretty spicy jem half way down and got heavier on every puff. I’m not a big fan of the torpedo but after doing the initial cut I used my punch and the draw was perfect.
H. Upmann Legacy Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Just right,"I've been really enjoying these. I usually need to relight towards the end of the smoke, but the mild spice flavor is great."
H. Upmann Legacy Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Full of flavor. Smokes easy,Full of flavor. Smokes easy
H. Upmann Legacy Nicaragua,3 out of 5,Just okay,Just okay
H. Upmann Legacy Nicaragua,4 out of 5,"good cigar, the only problem","good cigar, the only problem hard to keep lit as you get to the end of the smoke"
H. Upmann Legacy Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Good smoke,1st time smoking these but definitely not my last. Very smooth smoke and burn👍
H. Upmann Legacy Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Legacy,Good everyday smoke...some construction issues.
H. Upmann Legacy Nicaragua,3 out of 5,Not a bad smoke,I would buy them again.
H. Upmann Legacy Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Decent smoke,"A little less than I hoped for from Upman, but is enjoyable to the end. Burn can get a little uneven, but the bottom line is I don't put it down until the last inch or so."
H. Upmann Legacy Nicaragua,3 out of 5,H. Upmann Legacy Nicaragua Belicoso,Not that good.
H. Upmann Legacy Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Smooth to the last draw!,H Upmann continues its decades long reputation with this affordable beauty. They seem to never fail the universal expectation of an H Upmann smoke.
H. Upmann Legacy Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Good buy,Very smooth
H. Upmann Legacy Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"Draws very good, mild, get to sweet spot early
Well worth $$"
H. Upmann Legacy Nicaragua,4 out of 5,"Nice smoke ,even burn and","Nice smoke ,even burn and draw,great value"
H. Upmann Legacy Nicaragua,4 out of 5,"Great value, good burn and","Great value, good burn and flavor."
H. Upmann Legacy Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Legacy H Upmann,Very smooth smoke. I would buy again.
H. Upmann Legacy Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Upmann legacy Nicaragua,A good smoke. Enjoyed them. Would buy again.
H. Upmann Legacy Nicaragua,5 out of 5,H.Upmann LegacyNicaragua Belicoso,One mighty fine cigar!
H. Upmann Legacy Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Very tasty,Very tasty
H. Upmann Legacy Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Great cigar for the money,Great cigar for the money
H. Upmann Legacy Nicaragua,3 out of 5,You get what you pay for.,I have had better Upmann's. The 12 free ones were netter than the Upmann's.
H. Upmann Legacy Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Good Smooth Smoke,"Good smooth smoke for a shorter time period. Mild tobacco, good draw. But goes out after 3-4 minutes if left unattended."
H. Upmann Legacy Nicaragua,2 out of 5,Burn unevenly,"Not a bad cigar while it stayed lit, unfortunately it burned unevenly and required frequent relighting. At times this would happen so often I'd throw half the cigar away in frustration. I don't have this problem with my other cigars."
H. Upmann Media Noche,5 out of 5,Response and FYI,"Recipient extremely impressed.Thank you
Your email query, does not register/accept ratings"
H. Upmann Media Noche,5 out of 5,H. Upmann Media Noche,"Great smoke, nice burn."
H. Upmann Media Noche,5 out of 5,"great blend, not to harsh,","great blend, not to harsh, not to mild, perfect"
H. Upmann Media Noche,5 out of 5,"Great taste, and nice draw","Great taste, and nice draw"
H. Upmann Media Noche,5 out of 5,Recent purchase,"Excellent transaction, speedy delivery. Great overall experience"
H. Upmann Media Noche,5 out of 5,Smooth and flavorful!,"Incredibly smooth and flavorful this cigar is a home run for me! Smooth enough to enjoy while golfing, strong to let me know
I'm smoking it. The burn is long and cool with flavors bursting unttil you can smoke anymore without burning your lips.
If you can afford it, you will enjoy it!!!"
H. Upmann Media Noche,4 out of 5,Nice Smoke. A few bad,Nice Smoke. A few bad rolls thou.
H. Upmann Media Noche,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"Excellent smoke from start to finish.
👍🏼"
H. Upmann Media Noche,1 out of 5,Disappointed,"Normally enjoy Upmann, these are rolled WAY too tight, impossible to draw thru. Got a headache from trying to smoke 2, gave the rest away to match play opponents on the golf course. We won by 6&5 lol"
H. Upmann Media Noche,5 out of 5,"Very nice, especially for the","Very nice, especially for the price"
H. Upmann Media Noche,4 out of 5,Very good sticks for the,Very good sticks for the price
H. Upmann Media Noche,5 out of 5,great cigars,great cigars
H. Upmann Media Noche,4 out of 5,Excellent cigar.,Excellent cigar.
H. Upmann Media Noche,3 out of 5,H. Upmann Media Noche Toro,"The draw is a little inconsistent cigar to cigar. Same with the body fullness. Not bad, but I expect a little more from Upmann."
H. Upmann Media Noche,2 out of 5,Hupman 1844,"Little on the bitter side for my taste.
Won't reorder."
H. Upmann Media Noche,5 out of 5,Nice smoke,"Mellow, but good flavor. Easy draw."
H. Upmann Media Noche,2 out of 5,Liked the Monte Cristo Media,Liked the Monte Cristo Media Noche much better!
H. Upmann Media Noche,5 out of 5,Good smoke,"Good cigar, nice flavor. Very happy with my purchase. Would recommend."
H. Upmann Media Noche,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
H. Upmann Media Noche,5 out of 5,Smooth to the end. Nice,Smooth to the end. Nice burning heater.
H. Upmann Media Noche,5 out of 5,I bought these in the,"I bought these in the after order grab a deal game after my sampler bundle I ordered and never expected this cigar to be the best of them all, very good stick!"
H. Upmann Media Noche,4 out of 5,A good consistent cigar brand,I’m usually a padron guy but at times I break away and try different brands. I picked well
H. Upmann Media Noche,5 out of 5,Awesome smoke,"Smooth draw, great flavor."
H. Upmann Media Noche,5 out of 5,Good Cigars,I buy these by the box. They’re always good
H. Upmann Media Noche,4 out of 5,Great smoke,"Full, rich flavor!"
H. Upmann Media Noche,5 out of 5,Fantastic.,H. Upmann makes a great cigar. You can't go wrong with this company. These Media Noches are smooth yet bold and not for the faint of heart. matches well with a nice Scotch. Recommend strongly! Enjoy.
H. Upmann Media Noche,4 out of 5,Really Nice Smoke,"This cigar has great flavor and is really smooth. This Cigar lasts for 2 beers, so you have time to enjoy it and relax."
H. Upmann Media Noche,5 out of 5,Awesome cigar!!,Great cigar can’t say enough for this media noche.
H. Upmann Media Noche,3 out of 5,"ok, little dry","ok, little dry"
H. Upmann Media Noche,4 out of 5,Nice,Slow burn. Good tight ash.
H. Upmann Media Noche,5 out of 5,Good buy,"Thoroughly enjoyed these cigars. Nice even burn, smooth, flavorful. I will be ordering more👍"
H. Upmann Media Noche,4 out of 5,Nice cigar.,Nice cigar.
H. Upmann Media Noche,3 out of 5,The worst of the Media Noches,"Inconsistent fillers, low flavor, and uneven burning make this a mediocre cigar unworthy of the Media Noche label"
H. Upmann Media Noche,3 out of 5,Not What I Expected,"I had this before and had enjoyed its flavor, construction and draw. However this new batch I ordered tastes different from what I remember it to be. Not bad, but not too pleasing either. I will give it more time in the humidor to see if it comes around."
H. Upmann Media Noche,4 out of 5,Really nice stick for the price.,Very well constructed cigar. Very happy with this purchase.
H. Upmann Media Noche,5 out of 5,Best of the Noches,H Upmann Media Noche is the best of the Montecristo and Romeo y Julieta sampler! Great flavor and burn. It’s my pick out of the three!!
H. Upmann Media Noche,4 out of 5,Upman Churchill,"Upman is always a good cigar. smooth, not bitter."
H. Upmann Media Noche,4 out of 5,Lovely cigar.,Very enjoyable cigar. Creamy flavors with some sweetness and slight white pepper notes. Med body with full flavors. Box worthy. I recommend letting them rest in your humi for a cpl months. It made a huge difference in the flavor profile!
H. Upmann Media Noche,5 out of 5,Loved them - good cigar,Loved them - good cigar
H. Upmann Media Noche,5 out of 5,Good smoke.,Enjoying one as I write this.
H. Upmann Media Noche,5 out of 5,Great cigars,H.Upmanns are always good same every time
H. Upmann Media Noche,5 out of 5,H Upmann’s Best Cigar,Best cigar I have smoked in a long time. H Upmann has done it again. With any Upmann you can’t go wrong.
H. Upmann Media Noche,2 out of 5,Not what I Expected,"Was really wanting to like this one's but burned terribly, tunneled badly on all of them. Very harsh taste."
H. Upmann Media Noche,3 out of 5,Good starting point,"Expected more, which was probably part of my problem. Wanted to try the media noche line and started with the H. Upmann. I do enjoy the the H. Upmann main line and the MN was just not my cup of tea - maybe a pairing w/tea would have helped it out, but then what flavor? And a coffee guy drinking tea - that's a long bridge to cross. Gave it some time in the humi, but quickly was delegated to the ""yard work"" category."
H. Upmann Media Noche,3 out of 5,"Tight draw, relight ready","Expected much more out of the MEDIA NOCHE line, which is why I was disappointed. Had lighting issues with all 5 in the pack. Didn't notice a difference from the first one out of the box and the last one out of my humidor. I won't order this one again, but would like to try the Monte Christo MEDIA NOCHE to see the difference. I'll leave it at 3-stars as I don't think I was able to get a good bead on this cigar"
H. Upmann Media Noche,4 out of 5,A Dominican Delight,"Just purchased the 5 pack on sale & was not disappointed. This H. Upman smokes well with an even burn & a flavorful experience. I noted the varying tones of espresso, dark chocolate, and a hint of leather. All in all a very satisfying stick."
H. Upmann Media Noche,4 out of 5,A Dominican Delight,"First try on H. Upman's Media Noche. I was pleasantly surprised at this excellent Cigar. It was on the fuller side of medium, with tones of leather, cedar, espresso, and a rich dark chocolate finish. An even draw throughout with no harshness, and the rich tones of perhaps the flavor of a 70% cacao Dark Chocolate as it passed the half way point. It will become a new member to the personal humidor family."
H. Upmann Media Noche,3 out of 5,H. Upmann Media Noche Robusto,Looks well constructed but it tunneled a bit. Getting past the first inch or so was a chore. Great flavors inside almost like a chocolate. Some times you get a bad one hopefully after a sit the humidor will have to try again to see if it is better
H. Upmann Media Noche,5 out of 5,Great little smoker,"Great smoker and flavor, with a even burn line."
H. Upmann Media Noche,5 out of 5,H. Upmann Media Noche Churchill,"Overall, an excellent smoke."
H. Upmann Perlado,5 out of 5,Nice,Pleasant smoke
H. Upmann Perlado,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
H. Upmann Perlado,5 out of 5,"Bold, but subtle","This is a quality smoke, as would be expected from Upmann. Full of flavor. No complaints here."
H. Upmann Perlado,5 out of 5,H. Upmann Perlado Robusto,Smooth
H. Upmann Perlado,4 out of 5,Exceptional cigar. Beyond my expectations.,Exceptional cigar. Beyond my expectations.
H. Upmann Perlado,5 out of 5,Great smoke will order again,Great smoke will order again 👍
H. Upmann Perlado,4 out of 5,"good smoke, nice burn. For","good smoke, nice burn. For the price a great deal"
H. Upmann Perlado,4 out of 5,Not a bad smoke,I tried this product for the very first time. I found it a smooth . a little aroma to this this good cigar would help. otherwise its a good product.
H. Upmann Perlado,5 out of 5,Made me happy,Made me happy
H. Upmann Perlado,5 out of 5,my friends liked the smoke,my friends liked the smoke
H. Upmann Perlado,5 out of 5,Last Xmas Order,Superb Cigars
H. Upmann Perlado,4 out of 5,Nice smoke,Nice smoke
H. Upmann Perlado,4 out of 5,Great value,Great value
H. Upmann Perlado,5 out of 5,"Smooth, flavorful cigars","This cigar is a pleasure to smoke, packed with flavor and even draw, you will not be disappointed."
H. Upmann Perlado,5 out of 5,Presently surprised,"One of my favorite cigars from we 2018. Simply amazing quality, and burn. Full of flavor, this will not let you down."
H. Upmann Perlado,5 out of 5,Nice smoke,Upmann was my first cigar and these bring back memories.
H. Upmann Perlado,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar. Very smooth,Excellent cigar. Very smooth
H. Upmann Perlado,4 out of 5,Cigar rating,That was a good cigar. Solid taste good construction.
H. Upmann Reserve Maduro,5 out of 5,Buen tabaco. Very good,"Sabroso, mas con unos dias en el humidor. Tasty, best wen bays on humidor"
H. Upmann The Banker,5 out of 5,These are all for my,These are all for my brother
H. Upmann The Banker,3 out of 5,The Upmann Banker,"I was given one of these cigars and loved it, that is why I purchased a full box. I have to be honest , the cigars I received were a bit disheartening. The draw on at least half of them was horrible. For what I payed they should have been impeccable"
H. Upmann The Banker,5 out of 5,Nice Cigar,This cigar consistently burns well and tests great and you don't have to be a banker to afford them. Solid buy.
H. Upmann The Banker,5 out of 5,The banker,Excellent cigars
H. Upmann The Banker,5 out of 5,I now have smoked at least 6 of yhese fine cigars. I must say it is so good. Every one of them has behaved perffectly. Wonderfully balanced full of flavor an absolute pleasure to smoke from start to finish. Highly recommend it.,Love this cigat
H. Upmann The Banker,3 out of 5,Decent smoke.,Decent smoke.
H. Upmann The Banker,5 out of 5,Upmann,The cigar has a good taste and smokes smooth.
H. Upmann The Banker,5 out of 5,Good Draw,"This is a pleasant smoke, nice medium strength. Stayed lit and lasted about an hour"
H. Upmann The Banker,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"Excellent Cigar, great from start to finish. Great flavor as you would expect from H Upmann. No disappointments here."
H. Upmann The Banker,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
H. Upmann The Banker,5 out of 5,Wrapper is only drawback,Tried this as part of a sampler and loved it. Bought more as one of CI’ s better promotions. Great value this way. Nice consistent smoke. Always an Upmann fan.
H. Upmann The Banker,5 out of 5,UPMAN,Very good
H. Upmann The Banker,4 out of 5,Thumbs up 👍,They’re good. Highly recommend.
H. Upmann The Banker,5 out of 5,awesome,Great smoke for the price
H. Upmann The Banker,4 out of 5,enjoyable smoke,good cigar start to finish.
H. Upmann The Banker,5 out of 5,I really like this cigar,I really like this cigar and recommend it to other cigar smokers
H. Upmann The Banker,5 out of 5,An original success story,This is by far my best go to smoke to end a great day with.
H. Upmann The Banker,4 out of 5,Nice cigar,Good tasting smooth smoke
H. Upmann The Banker,5 out of 5,Great flavor start to finish,Love the dark wrapper smooth flavor. No pepper at all. A go to always
H. Upmann The Banker,5 out of 5,Nice,This is a very good cigar great taste
H. Upmann The Banker,5 out of 5,Top shelf smoke,Highly recommended! Will definitely be in my rotation going forward
H. Upmann The Banker,5 out of 5,Excellent cigars,Excellent cigars
H. Upmann The Banker,5 out of 5,Good cigar,"Great value, great taste.."
H. Upmann The Banker,4 out of 5,H Upmann Banker,Very smooth. A bit on the strong side but enjoyable.
H. Upmann The Banker,5 out of 5,How did I miss it!,"I hadn't tried this particular stick, how did this happen!
Wow, I have been missing it, this is an awesome smoke! If you can afford it you should be smoking it! Smooth, yet flavorful, a true medium bodied smoke that you can enjoy anytime / anyplace!"
H. Upmann The Banker,5 out of 5,Delicious smoke.,A delicious smoke from start to finish. A little spice but not overwhelming. Great burn and pleasant aroma. I would recommend these. I'll be buying more!
H. Upmann The Banker,5 out of 5,The Banker Currency (Upmann),"I usually smoke Partagas Cigars, the a friend introduce me to The Banker currency, I love this fine cigars taste!"
H. Upmann The Banker,5 out of 5,great smoke,A GREAT SMOKE FOR A SPECIAL EVENT.
H. Upmann The Banker,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar,The Banker Currency was an excellent cigar. Medium to full with lots of taste and aroma. Highly recommend this cigar.
H. Upmann The Banker,4 out of 5,You can bank on the Banker,I am sitting on my porch as I smoke this beautiful stick. My brother bought me this for Christmas and the taste is just unbelievable. Long filler and slow burning. Hints of cream and spice makes this stick very nice!
H. Upmann The Banker,5 out of 5,Nice flavorful medium smoke,I'm smoking this as I'm writing. I've never really smoked too many (non-cuban) H Upmanns but this one looked intriguing in it's description so I gave one a try. Peeling off the superfluous tissue paper (what appears to be the band holding it on is really and additional band) the thing smelled marvelous. Nice fermented tobacco aroma. Dry draw was nice. Construction is pretty good. The burn is tight and even. Room smell is mild and pleasant. Nice medium body to it with notes of wood. Brandy almost bourbon notes as you progress. Nice cigar with complexity without being overpowering.
H. Upmann The Banker,5 out of 5,We smoke these often. Nice,We smoke these often. Nice burn good mild to medium flavor
H. Upmann The Banker,4 out of 5,Likeable,"I was sitting in my favorite smoking spot last night not smoking a ""banker"". It occurred to me that I really ought to write a top ten list. Banker would be on that list."
H. Upmann The Banker,2 out of 5,Flavorless,Not quite up to par from H. Upmann. Looked great. Very nice band. Burned perfect but there just wasn't much smoke or flavor. For that price I'll stick with other H. Upmann's.
H. Upmann The Banker,5 out of 5,A Great Cigar,This is a well constructed cigar that burns and draws smoothly and even. The flavor is fabulous and I will be purchasing more of these beauties
Half Pipe Cigars,5 out of 5,Half Pipe,They have a smooth draw and others around me are no offended by the smell of the cigar. It’s funny because I bought these one by mistake and turns out I really like them.
Half Pipe Cigars,4 out of 5,more flavorful,"My opinion is you have to be in the right mood to really enjoy these 50/50 cigars.
The pipe tobacco is more moist however they do draw good. They are smooth and tasty"
Half Pipe Cigars,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Half Pipe Cigars,5 out of 5,Mild and easy to smoke,Mild and easy to smoke
Half Pipe Cigars,4 out of 5,Nice compromise,"For the pipe smoker who would occasionally like something a little more mobile, these are a surprisingly nice compromise. The cigar tobacco is gentle and mild, and allows the pipe half of the flavor and aroma come through very nicely. The ziplock packets eliminate the need to invest in a humidor and all the gadgets. Definitely recommended."
Half Pipe Cigars,5 out of 5,Love them,Love them
Half Pipe Cigars,5 out of 5,Half pipe,Thes cigars are smoothe and the best I have gotten so far.
Hammer and Sickle Hermitage,4 out of 5,Good,Good for price point.
Hammer and Sickle Tradicion Toro,4 out of 5,Hammer and Sickle,It is like a plain cigar
Hammer and Sickle Tradicion Toro,4 out of 5,Nice Smoke,This is one of my favorite cigars. Goes nice with a glass of Elijah Craig Bourbon for relaxing on the weekend or getting ready for the next episode of the Americans!
Hampton Arms,3 out of 5,Great bargain give em time surprisingly adequate.,"Good in a pinch. While waiting for my order from CI I picked these up from a surprising source. Handmade, check. Nicaraguan, check a little dry but for the price why not try em. Decent foot scents under toasting good burn line better draw than some upmanns starts a bit harsh but they were a bit dry. Tasting caramel citrus grass second third tasting cherry a little over an inch on the ash white with some black .last third is effortless billows with slight pepper.I'm surprised at the quality it will improve in the humidor. Overall no bad flavors smoked quick about 45 min to an hour a bit one dimensional flavor wise but it had some pleasant twists at the 2nd and 3rd Mark's. Great bargain!"
Hampton Arms,3 out of 5,Surprisingly decent.,"Good in a pinch. While waiting for my order from CI I picked these up from a surprising source. Handmade, check. Nicaraguan, check a little dry but for the price why not try em. Decent foot scents under toasting good burn line better draw than some upmanns starts a bit harsh but they were a bit dry. Tasting caramel citrus dare I say hay.lol. I'm surprised at the quality it will improve in the humi and I'll fill you in."
Hampton Arms,4 out of 5,Nice surprise for the money,"Very pleasant surprise! I had never heard of this brand but liked the price and figured it would be a good stick for yard work or similar. Honestly, when I received them my first thought was that they were machine made but, no, they're the real deal.
I'm still smoking my first and it's been quite enjoyable. A tad harsh for my taste and a little trouble keeping it lit but wow! what an even burn and really a decent draw!
Great little sticks!"
Hampton Arms,4 out of 5,Great Value!!!,Great smoke for the price! Well worth it!!!
Hampton Arms,5 out of 5,Hampton arms toro,My personal favorite!!!!
Hampton Arms,4 out of 5,Good Value,"I've been smoking this brand for over 15 years. It's a good value
for a daily smoke. Very consistent smoke"
Hampton Arms,5 out of 5,Good smoke for any occasion,"Although I enjoy many different brands, Hampton Arms toro has been my mainstay. They are mild and moist. At times some do not burn well, but it an esay trade off. I drive the bay quit a bit a the drive time is just about right to enjoy a complete smoke. Thanks."
Hampton Arms,4 out of 5,A Christmas present for my son,He said they aren't bad
Hampton Arms,4 out of 5,Good Value,"This is a great every day, work in the yard type cigar."
Hampton Arms,5 out of 5,Hampton arms toro,Love the cigar......still waiting for my second shipment
Havana Classico,4 out of 5,Nice little smokes,Flavor of a bigger Cigar in a small package.
Havana Classico,5 out of 5,Quick Smoke,The Havana Classico Pequenos is a great little smoke with flavor! It's good when you want a quick smoke with your coffee breaks!
Havana Classico,5 out of 5,Los mejores para mi,Los mejores para mi
Havana Classico,4 out of 5,Havana classicos,"nice smoke for short trip in car, or chores in garage,value for price"
Havana Classico,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Nice quick smoke.
Havana Classico,4 out of 5,Good Smoke,"For the price, you can’t beat this cigar. It is my new go to."
Havana Classico,3 out of 5,Cheap...But...,This is a great idea for a quick smoke but the inconsistencies made some pretty good...and others...horrible. Some wouldn't stay lit for more than 2 puffs and others burned all the way.The ones that stayed lit tasted pretty good but the ones that had to be constantly re-lit wound up tasting just burnt. All in all you get what you pay for...and i didn't pay much
Havana Classico,5 out of 5,Very enjoyable smoke,Very enjoyable smoke
Havana Classico,5 out of 5,Another one of my favorite,These are my everyday cigar.
Havana Classico,4 out of 5,Excellent for the price.,Excellent for the price.
Havana Classico,3 out of 5,"Not good, not bad",What is to be expected for the price.
Havana Classico,5 out of 5,Smoke...good!,Beautiful. Smooth and mellow.
Havana Classico,4 out of 5,All your cigars are always the best.,GREAT!!!!
Havana Classico,3 out of 5,Good for the golf course,"Good for the golf course in case you forgot where you threw it down, but that's about it."
Havana Classico,5 out of 5,These were great!,"These are great! lounging around the house, or grilling or cutting the grass these cigars are nice great flavor and easy to drag and enjoy. I bought my second bundle already."
Havana Classico,4 out of 5,Great smaller cigar for quick,Great smaller cigar for quick smoke
Havana Classico,3 out of 5,No bad (but not great),"Taste: Good, not great, ""harsh""
Construction: Some are rolled kinda loosely, resulting in sponginess. Bought as a Winter smoke, caught a deal, not disappointed."
Havana Classico,3 out of 5,A good daily smoke,"These are a smooth daily smoke. They tend to burn quicker than the higher priced cigars, but for a daily pleasure they are worth the money."
Havana Classico,5 out of 5,Good,Great
Havana Classico,3 out of 5,OK,"These sticks are very inexpensive so don't expect a premium cigar. But for the little bit of money you'll pay for them they are OK, These are a good smoke when you are working in the shop or the yard."
Havana Classico,2 out of 5,not wild about them,not wild about them
Havana Classico,4 out of 5,Very pleasant cigar. Smokes very,"Very pleasant cigar. Smokes very fast, unfortunate. Fair price."
Havana Classico,3 out of 5,Quick smoke . Not bad.,Quick smoke . Not bad. Although a bit dry.
Havana Classico,5 out of 5,Excellent gift for cigar lovers,This bundle was a gift to my daughter-in-laws grandfather. He loves the taste and good to chew on too!!
Havana Classico,5 out of 5,Very good,Very good
Havana Classico,5 out of 5,I appreciated the quick resonse,I appreciated the quick resonse and being kept fully informed ofn order nstatus.
Havana Classico,5 out of 5,"Easy smoke, probably not the","Easy smoke, probably not the best for the normal cigar smoker, but for me I like them a great deal."
Havana Classico,3 out of 5,good for the price,good for the price
Havana Classico,3 out of 5,Nice 15 minute smoke,If you don’t have a lot of time this is a nice mild option
Havana Classico,4 out of 5,Havana Classico Pequenos,Good Value for a decent smoke. Will definitely reorder!
Havana Classico,5 out of 5,Our guys overseas loved them,I’m always looking for packs of cigars to share with our guys uverseas and this fits the bill nicely
Havana Classico,5 out of 5,They r gd,They r gd
Havana Classico,4 out of 5,Pleasant smoke,Pleasant taste and is excellent for a short time commitment.
Havana Classico,5 out of 5,Perfect Package,"I don't smoke cigars a lot, but when I need to replenish CI is my source. It has delivered superbly for decades."
Havana Classico,4 out of 5,20 minutes smoke,smooth and flawless and satisfying good and truly one of a kind.
Havana Classico,4 out of 5,cigar band,band sometimes hard to remove
Havana Classico,4 out of 5,Good cigar for the price,Good cigar for the price
Havana Classico,5 out of 5,Havana pequinos,Great tasting little cigars
Havana Classico,5 out of 5,Great bundle,Great bundleTaste great
Havana Classico,5 out of 5,Havana,"My husband loves them. He said they are very smooth, and glad that I got them for him. We are on a strict budget and they were a great price for the quality"
Havana Classico,3 out of 5,get what you pay for,"not a bad smoke, ok knock around cigar. good for a short break or working around the house. not gonna be one that you will want to come back to though."
Havana Classico,3 out of 5,Not bad,Its a good quick cigar but it's not smooth as I was thinking. Did this just to try it out. But it has an earthy peppery flavor. If your into that. Not a bad cigar to fill up your humidor or to pass around for the price.
Havana Classico,4 out of 5,Classico,Good smoke for the $
Havana Classico,3 out of 5,Right for the Price,"These loosely wrapped cigars are really nothing special, but they're certainly not bad either. They burn quickly which makes them nice for a quicker smoke. They have a relatively light and smooth flavor but I have got a couple of bitter sticks out of these. These cigars will flake some. Everything about these cigars are just at or below average (except the wrap... terrible wrap).
Overall I would give them two stars but the price bumps them to a three star."
Havana Classico,5 out of 5,Very good,Very good
Havana Classico,4 out of 5,They ok,I like em and I sure would order more but they a lil too too strong
Havana Classico,5 out of 5,Nice smoke,Pleasant and smooth. I cut the end off and smoke it like a cheroot.
Havana Classico,1 out of 5,Mirza,Not good quality. When you light up for smoke it burnt away upto the end.
Havana Classico,4 out of 5,I would have given this,I would have given this a 5 but didn't get enough of the cream taste in the cigar
Havana Classico,4 out of 5,They were smooth,They were smooth
Havana Honeys,5 out of 5,Why are they so hard,Why are they so hard to get these days
Havana Honeys,5 out of 5,"Smooth, after lunch cigar! And","Smooth, after lunch cigar! And affordable."
Havana Honeys,4 out of 5,Mild,Not bad little smokes
Havana Honeys,4 out of 5,Havana Honeys Sweet Honey Petite Corona,Great Yard ‘Gar! Nice Flavor!
Havana Honeys,5 out of 5,Also good.,Also good.
Havana Honeys,5 out of 5,Good!,Good!
Havana Honeys,5 out of 5,Mellow,Nice little smoke.
Havana Honeys,5 out of 5,Great buy,Very affordable sweet tasting cigars. They stay lit and the flavor lasts throughout the whole cigar. The spiced rum version.
Havana Honeys,3 out of 5,Taste OK,Good for a quick smoke
Havana Honeys,5 out of 5,Great short smoke!,Delicious!
Havana Honeys,4 out of 5,4,Great smoke.
Havana Honeys,5 out of 5,Good buys,Good buys
Havana Honeys,5 out of 5,Havana honeys,"A very good fifteen minute smoke. These are not first cuts, but for the price you can’t beat them. A very mild smoke, easy draw."
Havana Honeys,3 out of 5,About what I expected.,Was looking for something comparable to the al Capone. This was not it but for the price a fine small smoke.
Havana Honeys,4 out of 5,Little smoke,Good little cigar
Havana Honeys,5 out of 5,Should be a highly rated,Should be a highly rated little smoke I love them fits my budget and my time frame. Thank you for the pleasure
Havana Honeys,5 out of 5,2nd Time around,2nd time I have bought these still just as good.
Havana Honeys,5 out of 5,Tasty,This is 1st time I have bought these. Just as good as the HH Sweet. Great taste for when I want a short smoke
Havana Honeys,5 out of 5,Back ordered,I wish they weren’t back ordered
Havana Honeys,5 out of 5,Nice little cigar,Nice little cigar when walking the dog or after dinner
Havana Honeys,5 out of 5,Very good small Cigar,Sweet flavor!
Havana Honeys,5 out of 5,Havana Honeys Spiced Rum,Very Tasty pairs well with a nice smooth bourbon!!
Havana Honeys,5 out of 5,The best,The best
Havana Honeys,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good in between cigar for smoke breaks
Havana Honeys,4 out of 5,Havana honeys,Very smooth. Great flavor and decent burn
Havana Honeys,5 out of 5,Always good,These cigars are cheap and always good for any time.
Havana Honeys,5 out of 5,Solid quick light smoke.,You should know what your getting. A tasty 20 min desert smoke perfect for after dinner or in between holes on the course.
Havana Honeys,5 out of 5,very good cigars,very good cigars
Havana Honeys,5 out of 5,great little cigar,loved these Coronas ...these are very smooth and slow burning
Havana Honeys,5 out of 5,Great,Wonderful tastes
Havana Honeys,5 out of 5,Havana Honeys,"A damn good smoke when you are short of time
Sweet tobacco in each and every stick
I’ve smoked most of the varieties and they are all great"
Havana Honeys,4 out of 5,HAVANA HONEYS,Love these little cigars. Great for a quick smoke. Awesome flavor. Just wish you guys kept them in stock. Would love to order more!!
Havana Honeys,4 out of 5,havana honey,"1 of my favorite
Store does not keep up with restocking"
Havana Honeys,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Havana Honeys,3 out of 5,So so smoke,No problem with the construction but I was not much a fan of the taste.
Havana Honeys,5 out of 5,Good value for everyday smoker,"Awesome smoke for everyday use, very tasty."
Havana Honeys,4 out of 5,Very flavorful!,Love the sweet woody flavor these little guys put out! Would totally recommend this pack. Love that they also come wrapped separately/individually!!
Havana Honeys,5 out of 5,Short Smoke,Great taste and at a bargain price. Perfect as a complement to your morning coffee or for a quick smoke when you are in a hurry.
Havana Honeys,5 out of 5,Havana honey,So good. Like the flavor and taste.
Havana Honeys,4 out of 5,They were smaller than expected,They were smaller than expected but still decent. I like them.
Havana Honeys,5 out of 5,Great cigars,"Great little cigars, just keep reordering"
Havana Honeys,5 out of 5,Great but they run out too much,Great little cigar only problem there're so good they are on backorder a lot
Havana Honeys,5 out of 5,Outstanding flavored cigar,"These cigars our a minute steak smoke
They are mild, sweet and consistently burning throughout They are in excellent after dinner smoke"
Havana Honeys,5 out of 5,Excellent,I have no regrets about any products that I've purchased enjoyed everything
Havana Honeys,5 out of 5,Havana honey,"Great little cigar, my new go to cigar"
Havana Honeys,5 out of 5,Havana Honeys,"Nice little cigar,great taste...big flavor...Will order again..."
Havana Honeys,5 out of 5,Great lil stick,Awesome little cigar. Would highly recommend great option for when you can't smoke a full size.
Havana Honeys,5 out of 5,Solid small smoke,These are a nice sweet smoke and good draw
Havana Honeys,5 out of 5,Havana honeys,"There are a wonderful smoke, light, fulfilling and good"
Havana Honeys,4 out of 5,You’re always backordered on these,You’re always backordered on these - get a better supply so you don’t miss so many sales
Hav-A-Tampa Jewels,5 out of 5,"Great taste, great price","Great taste, great price"
Hav-A-Tampa Jewels,5 out of 5,Great little cigar,I love the hard wood tips and how the cigar tastes. Great cigar for the price.
Hav-A-Tampa Jewels,3 out of 5,Not like before !,"You will need to keep a lighter handy to smoke these,they will go out. I find that with some of the these cigars I need to get my drill out and drill through the tip with a small drill bit so I can draw smoke? They are not as good as I remember from years ago."
Hav-A-Tampa Jewels,5 out of 5,Excellent service,Been a customer for years and never been disappointed with the service
Hav-A-Tampa Jewels,5 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
Hav-A-Tampa Jewels,5 out of 5,Good cigar,Great smoke. Good shipping. Have to order way before running out of current supply because sometimes shipping is slow.
Hav-A-Tampa Jewels,3 out of 5,1/3 the size i remember,1/3 the size i remember from the 1950s
Hav-A-Tampa Jewels,5 out of 5,Hav a tampa,Great cigars very smooth. Great service from cigars international.
Hav-A-Tampa Jewels,5 out of 5,"Great service, friendly people to","Great service, friendly people to deal with"
Hav-A-Tampa Jewels,3 out of 5,Hav A Tampa 5 Packs,Not in a box and some are difficult to open.
Hav-A-Tampa Jewels,5 out of 5,good service,good service
Hav-A-Tampa Jewels,5 out of 5,Hav a Tampa,Great little cigars.
Hav-A-Tampa Jewels,5 out of 5,They was fresh,They was fresh
Hav-A-Tampa Jewels,4 out of 5,great everyday cigar,great everyday cigar
Hav-A-Tampa Jewels,5 out of 5,Still the same great taste,Still the same great taste for 20+ years!!
Hav-A-Tampa Jewels,5 out of 5,customer review,product was fresh
Hav-A-Tampa Jewels,5 out of 5,Good Cigars Seller!,"I ordered the Hav-A-Tampa Jewer Regular Cigar as gift for friends. The
Cigars were shipped and delivered quickly, even 1 day ahead of scheduled time. The Cigars came as expected. Great Seller!"
Hav-A-Tampa Jewels,5 out of 5,Great pricing - fast shipping.,Great pricing - fast shipping.
Hav-A-Tampa Jewels,3 out of 5,not quite how i remember,not quite how i remember them when i was a young guy. still ok for a quick smoke and to chew on for couple hours
Hav-A-Tampa Jewels,5 out of 5,excellent service and delivery,all good as hoped. Would be nice to have the invoice or packing slip included in the box. Had to cross the border with no paperwork
Hav-A-Tampa Jewels,5 out of 5,Great little cigars,"Awesome cigars, and great savings and service"
HC Series Black Maduro,5 out of 5,My decompression hours,"very smoothe taste, creamy with a hint of coffee."
HC Series Black Maduro,5 out of 5,Very good,Very good
HC Series Black Maduro,4 out of 5,"Good value when on sale,","Good value when on sale, well made"
HC Series Black Maduro,5 out of 5,Nice and smooth,Nice and smooth
HC Series Black Maduro,4 out of 5,Smooth easy draw mild cigar,Smooth easy draw mild cigar
HC Series Black Maduro,5 out of 5,What a surprise!,Got this cigar in a sampler and it honestly wasnt on my radar at all. Id heard of HC of course but never tried. What a mistake! This stick was fantastic! Packed with flavor and perfectly constructed. HC is definitely going on my short list of options.
HC Series Black Maduro,5 out of 5,If u are a maduro,"If u are a maduro guy like myself HC series has a smoke that is hands down one of the best maduros i have ever smoked/njoyed an the price is grr also,thank you CI"
HC Series Black Maduro,4 out of 5,HC series black maduro Grande,"Great smoke,tastes good and burns good and good price,I would definitely buy again"
HC Series Black Maduro,5 out of 5,great cigar,even burn nice ash
HC Series Black Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke for the price very smooth of a maduro.
HC Series Black Maduro,4 out of 5,Good cigar!,Nothing bad to say about this cigar. It burns a little uneven sometimes but not bad.
HC Series Black Maduro,5 out of 5,Very nice for the price.,Very nice for the price.
HC Series Black Maduro,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
HC Series Black Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke,This went good with my choice of bourbon.
HC Series Black Maduro,4 out of 5,HC Series Black Maduro in Churchill,"One of the first cigars I've used to test the figurative cigar-world waters and I can say there is little to no disappointment. The Churchill size should expect around 1.5 to 2-hours in smoke time. Light to medium-bodied all round; never goes passed medium. I'm not too experienced with tasting notes but I was able to pick up on black pepper, leather, earth, and the slightest coffee. On retro-hale, there was definitely a pepper hit to the sinuses however it brought out a small hint of unsweetened caramel to my palate. For a lightweight, there was little to no nicotine strength involved throughout most of the stick but I could certainly feel a slight buzz towards the nub end of the final third. Construction of the cigar is decent for a budget stick; only required one relight in the few that I've smoked. I would recommend this to anyone who just wants to chill for a couple of hours and for the price, it's worth it."
HC Series Black Maduro,4 out of 5,Great Dark Cigar,"This is a smooth medium strength. Great thick smoke
No problems with construccion and smokes easy.
No peppery aftertaste, slight creamy coffee flavor.
Price, Flavor, Strength and Value.
Definitely will recommend."
HC Series Black Maduro,5 out of 5,Fabulous Cigar!,"So excited to get this order! Smoked one as soon as I removed it from the package and was not disappointed! Easy to light, smooth even draw throughout and great taste beginning to end! This cigar is impressive with its' 60 guage, not for the faint of heart, ha!"
HC Series Black Maduro,5 out of 5,Nice smoke,"Nice smoke for the price. Burns even and nice amount of smoke. Great everyday stick comparable to other more expensive cigars out there, Keep these in the humidor for sure!"
HC Series Black Maduro,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Even burn not bitter at end good tight roll.
HC Series Black Maduro,5 out of 5,Surprisingly good smoke - First time with the HC Series Black Maduro Belicoso,"I am truly impressed by this one. I am a Rocky Patel guy but try something different once in a while. This guy is a very good smoke. A bit on the mild side with a good draw and burn. The price was great, too. I hope you keep these in stock as I will probably order them again."
HC Series Black Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
HC Series Black Maduro,4 out of 5,Nice cigar,"I enjoy these cigars, this is the third bundle I have purchased. Good daily cigar"
HC Series Black Maduro,5 out of 5,Good cigar,"I started smoking these about 5 years ago. Medium body, well constructed and good draw. A great daily and go to cigar"
HC Series Black Maduro,5 out of 5,HC Series Black Maduro Belicoso,good one
HC Series Black Maduro,4 out of 5,Nice afterwork smoke,"Nice mellow smoke, with a bit of a pepper finish. Does not cost you an arm and leg to enjoy. So good for an every day two fer in the evening."
HC Series Black Maduro,5 out of 5,Outstanding!!! I'll keep ordering my,Outstanding!!! I'll keep ordering my cigars from International.
HC Series Black Maduro,4 out of 5,Impressive Maduro,Ever since smoking the HC Black I was sold. Now it's not the most complex or tasty Maduro but for the price it's hard to beat and the beefy size is a plus. It's a great all around smoke for me!
HC Series Black Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar for driving,Very good long lasting cigar They seem to like a month or so in the Humidor
HC Series Black Maduro,5 out of 5,Very good cigar,Very good cigar
HC Series Black Maduro,3 out of 5,Very good. Smooth burns evenly,Very good. Smooth burns evenly
HC Series Black Maduro,5 out of 5,Do it! Do it!,"This is my go-to on any given day. They aren’t expensive, but have a lot of flavor and are pretty reliable as far as quality goes. They also go on sale fairly often, so grab them while you can!"
HC Series Black Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar for those who like more robust flavor,"Let me first say that I think this is an excellent cigar! I obtained this cigar though an online promo with 5 various cigars, all of excellent quality. The construction is amazing with a very solid wrapper, great draw with great white smoke while holding a nice, solid ash. It's quite a bit too full bodied for me, but it has a good taste for those who like stronger cigars. And I can't knock a good cigar for being stronger than I prefer! I've smoked one HC White in the past and I thought it was better just because of the milder flavor so I know I can get this again in the less robust version."
HC Series Black Maduro,4 out of 5,The Middle-class has their cigar.,This is my go-to cigar. The price is decent and the flavor excellent for the price. A Middle-class cigar.
HC Series Black Maduro,5 out of 5,Happy Husband,My husband really likes these cigars. He tried so many cigars after he couldn't get Red Lion anymore. This is as close as it gets.
HC Series Black Maduro,3 out of 5,Decent smoke,"Easy draw, plenty of smoke. Good ""every day"" Maduro."
HC Series Black Maduro,5 out of 5,Good everyday smoke,Rich deep mellow and fuil
HC Series Black Maduro,5 out of 5,A Favorite,Definitely one of my favorites. Great flavor and unbelievable for the price.
HC Series Black Maduro,5 out of 5,Don't sleep on these!,"Awesome, everyday smoke, as a matter of fact, this is my new fave! Just waiting for the arrival of my second 20 bundle!"
HC Series Black Maduro,5 out of 5,Top pick,"I got to say this cigar is ridiculously full array of flavor from start to finish. For a relatively cheap price, this cigar is rich in taste. Burns evenly, strong madura wrapper and nice aroma. I've accumulated a top five list of my favorites and HC Madura Black has now taken the top spot. Brilliant cigar!!!!!"
HC Series Black Maduro,4 out of 5,Good bang for your buck,Definitely not bad for the price.
HC Series Black Maduro,5 out of 5,All around good cigar Good,"All around good cigar
Good draw
Good burn
Good flavor"
HC Series Black Maduro,5 out of 5,Delicious Cigars,"good quality, nice and delicious cigars. thanks."
HC Series Black Maduro,4 out of 5,Black Maduro,"Great little smoke for cheap, burn well great taste"
HC Series Black Maduro,3 out of 5,Not bad,good daily cigar smoke
HC Series Black Maduro,5 out of 5,Rockwell Quad Torch Lighter,"What a great lighter, lets out tons of fire and very lightweight and and easy to carry around.. HC Black Maduro Cigars are awesome for everyday medium body smokes!!"
HC Series Black Maduro,5 out of 5,HC a great everyday smoke,My buddy gave me one of these HC blacks and I instantly ordered a bundle great price and great flavor
HC Series Black Maduro,4 out of 5,Tasty Little Gem,This was a surprise. Really like the taste ans the price. Decent smoke with morning coffee. Could kick it up a notch though with a little ligero.
HC Series Black Maduro,5 out of 5,A new Favorite!,"Has become my every day smoke. I still have several different 90 + cigars, but when I look to see what I am in the mood for this one is the one I pick. Burns slow and will hold a 2 inch ash. The taste is great all of the way through. I am unable to pick out leather or earthy taste, but I know what I like and this one taste great. Getting ready to order more. Try them. You will not be disappointed."
HC Series Black Maduro,5 out of 5,"Great Price, Great Burn, and I will purchase again...","Great price with a perfect burn. The Connecticut Meuduro is more mild than I am use to, but it is a great smoke."
HC Series Black Maduro,5 out of 5,Very good stick,"Just started smoking
Very pleased wth the sticks
Mild with good taste
Would buy again"
HC Series Connecticut,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar!,"It has a smooth draw, smoke after smoke. The flavor is delicious and consistent throughout."
HC Series Connecticut,5 out of 5,Ordered second box for my,"Ordered second box for my son. His favorite smoke. He loves mild cigars, with a lot of taste and no bitterness."
HC Series Connecticut,4 out of 5,Nice smoke,Good clean flavor which burned well at a nice price.
HC Series Connecticut,5 out of 5,HC Connecticut toro,Nice smoke with a even burn for the price.
HC Series Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great cigar. Incredibly smooth.,Great cigar. Incredibly smooth.
HC Series Connecticut,5 out of 5,very nice,very nice
HC Series Connecticut,5 out of 5,HC Connecticut Belicoso,A nice after dinner smoke. Mild with a pleasant taste.
HC Series Connecticut,4 out of 5,It’s tasty,"Good smoke, with a great taste worth the price."
HC Series Connecticut,5 out of 5,H C cigars,"The cigars burn very well, and at a fair price"
HC Series Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good Cigar,Good Cigar
HC Series Connecticut,5 out of 5,Very similar taste to black,Very similar taste to black pearl
HC Series Connecticut,4 out of 5,Nice smooth smoke....good taste everyday,Nice smooth smoke....good taste everyday
HC Series Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good when you can find 'em.,A nice cool smoke with a good draw.
HC Series Connecticut,2 out of 5,HC Belisco,Don't like torpedoes. Didn't smoke the same as 6x60.
HC Series Connecticut,5 out of 5,my favorite cigar,"this is a perfect cigar to me. great looking and a nice medium taste, very satisfying when it's time to kick back, listen to music and contemplate things. steve p."
HC Series Connecticut,5 out of 5,Construction for me is flawless,First off I’ll start by saying I bought a box of these without ever having tried one based on reviews and blend. I love them! They are creamy with a slight white pepper and even have a buttery texture to them. The biggest thing to credit that they have is I haven’t had a single one with burn issues and I’m over halfway through the box!! Extremely well made cigar.
HC Series Connecticut,5 out of 5,Yea Baby,Every thing I hoped for!
HC Series Connecticut,4 out of 5,good,good
HC Series Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
HC Series Connecticut,5 out of 5,HC Series Connecticut Belicoso,"Once again, I am quite pleased with the product and service. This is a somewhat unique and enjoyable, medium-full bodied, blend of tobacco - body and wrap. I got exactly what was advertised in quality and taste for a fair price. Promptly delivered, at reasonable cost, as well...."
HC Series Connecticut,4 out of 5,Great every day smoke,Consistent flavor at a good price. Great every day smoke or for golf.
HC Series Connecticut,2 out of 5,Loudy,Loudy
HC Series Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Great Cigar
HC Series Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great Cigars; Great Service,"I am no cigar expert, but I do enjoy a mild cigar from time-to-time. My son-in-law put me on to Cigars International because that’s where he gets his. The associate that assisted me was terrific and my cigars arrived soon after I placed the order. Great cigars. Great service!"
HC Series Connecticut,5 out of 5,HC SERIES CONNECTICUT TORO,"THIS IS MY GO TO SMOKE FOR YEARS, A GREAT CIGAR FOR THE PRICE. I HAVE COMPARED AGAINST MANY OTHERS AND ALWAYS PREFER THE HC. TRY IT YOU WONT BE DISAPPOINTED."
HC Series Connecticut,5 out of 5,Love them,Love them
HC Series Connecticut,5 out of 5,HC Series Connecticut,Great flavor and burn. Consistent each and every time.
HC Series Connecticut,5 out of 5,Awesome smoke,A fantastic cigar by far !! Excellent quality & a great smoke..great with my morning coffee
HC Series Connecticut,4 out of 5,Great golf cigar.,Great golf cigar.
HC Series Connecticut,4 out of 5,A Cigar with Value,"A very smooth, even-burning cigar. I thoroughly enjoyed it down to the nub. A slight nuttiness made it enjoyable with a single malt"
HC Series Connecticut,5 out of 5,Ecellent,"This is my favorite cigar for my budget. It is very well rolled and has a good steady draw.
The wrappers are beautiful. I like the mild but flavorful smoke."
HC Series Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good choice for everyday smoke..,"The HC Connecticut is my go to everyday cigar. It is an excellent cigar for the money. Mild to medium yet never bland or one dimensional. There is a little inconsistency between the different sizes. Generally in my experience, the Churchills, Toros and Lanceros are consistently good, where the Grandes and the Robustos are less desirable."
HC Series Connecticut,5 out of 5,great cigar,great cigar
HC Series Connecticut,5 out of 5,HC Gordo review,"I purchased a box of these awhile back at the ""old"" price and it became my fave. I like the 60 ring and it produces bellows of smoke with a mild taste start to finish. Now that CI has slashed the price in half, I can enjoy this primo stick and not worry breaking the bank. You will be hard pressed to find a better smoke at this price."
HC Series Connecticut,5 out of 5,"Great Mild to Medium smoke, one of my favorites","I bought my first box of HC Series Connecticut Toro last year during a sale. After a month resting in the box in a humi I enjoyed the first of many great smokes. The construction and burn is very good, the flavor is just right for me, not real strong, but not too mellow. I find the HC CT stronger than a 5 Vegas Gold, with a better taste and smoother. Quite a few CT wrapper sticks have a strong pepper bite, the the HC CT isn't one. I really like this cigar and am a repeat customer, the only thing more I could ask for would be to put them on sale more!"
HC Series Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great cigar. Great price. Draws,"Great cigar. Great price. Draws well, smokes evenly. Pleasantly surprised."
HC Series Connecticut,5 out of 5,great smoke,"I love these babies,great draw,great taste,ordered these a couple of months back and have been ordering them since.I love this cigar after dinner with a little brandy.As usual my cigars always arrive quickly,I'm in NY so one day with ups ground,CI is the only place I order from,I've been ordering from CI for over 15 years now and never once had a problem with any cigars.GO!CI!!"
HC Series Connecticut,3 out of 5,Taste,Very dry
HC Series Connecticut,3 out of 5,"Great looking cigar, but...","I have mixed feelings with the 6X60 HC Series Connecticut Grande, I have tried 10 and maybe 5 were really good, the others were very inconsistent on taste, draw, and burn."
HC Series Connecticut,5 out of 5,Fair smoke at a fair price,"Overall, this is a reasonable, easy going smoke. Toasty taste at the front, mild and smokey in the middle and good fullness at the end. A fair stick to stock you humidor with when you don't have time or don't want to burn one of your ""specials"". My only complaint has been the occasional hard draw when it was wrapped too tight. Boy, don't you hate that! Yep, enough that I won't yet make this HC my go to stick."
HC Series Connecticut,5 out of 5,Smooth Operator,"The HC Series Connecticut Churchill is a very good cigar. it has an excellent flavor and burns very even. I have smoked many different brands over the years, and this one ranks near the top for me. If you want a lighter flavor that is not harsh or leaves a bitter taste, give this cigar a try. The Lonsdale is a bit shorter, but is just as good."
HC Series Connecticut,5 out of 5,All good every tine!!!!,All good every tine!!!!
HC Series Criollo,4 out of 5,very good cigar at a,very good cigar at a good price!
HC Series Criollo,4 out of 5,HC Criollo,I have had this cigar many times in multiple vitolas. The Toro is the best.. Excellent smooth leather.. Sweet creamy texture with a touch of pepper. Good burn and draw. Have a box aging all the time..
HC Series Criollo,5 out of 5,Great stick,I love this stick! Great smoke from first light to final exhale!
HC Series Criollo,5 out of 5,Value,"Great smokes for a great price.
I smoke a few premium cigars but when you fire up two a day the cost gets out of hand. These HC are smooth and tasty and don’t break the bank. So break away from the big brand names and show your friends you know cigars"
HC Series Criollo,5 out of 5,"well made, great taste. Like","well made, great taste. Like other HC shapes"
HC Series Criollo,5 out of 5,Great burning cigar,Great burning cigar
HC Series Criollo,4 out of 5,HC,"I enjoyed these cigars, very flavorful, burned well. I would buy them again."
HC Series Criollo,4 out of 5,A very pleasant smoke,Keeythe humidor well seasoned. They do dry quickly. Overall.... good: JB
HC Series Criollo,3 out of 5,Criollo Churchill beats the Belicoso,"I love the consistent unique flavour of the HC Series Criollo Churchill. So, when you were out of them, I tried the Belicoso and it doesn’t compare."
HC Series Criollo,5 out of 5,HC Criollo Churchill,Very enjoyable and flavorful. Now one of my top five favorites. I highly recommend this one.
HC Series Criollo,5 out of 5,HC Strong!,"These babies are LOADED with flavor! Now, I'm not advanced enough to describe the flavor (nuts, cedar, toast, etc.) but I know a well flavored cigar and these vitolas fit the bill! Good construction, draw, and even burn. AND they have just a bit of a kick. I keep these in my humi on a regular basis. Thanks, CI for great service and great cigars!"
HC Series Criollo,5 out of 5,Best Value,"I love the Padron, Bolivar, Macanudo, Uppman, Partagas and Monte Cristo, The H C is my every day favorite and clearly the best value"
HC Series Criollo,5 out of 5,Real Solid Cigar,Great roll and clean burn. A little spicy but very smooth.
HC Series Criollo,5 out of 5,HC Criollo Robusto,"I enjoyed these cigars....had a full box....all of them were great.
Good Buy...."
HC Series Criollo,3 out of 5,"Nicely constructed, with the flavor","Nicely constructed, with the flavor on the high side of medium. Dependable and even burn with few corrections. Nothing exceptional though. Would purchase again at a bargain price."
HC Series Criollo,5 out of 5,This cigar is a great,This cigar is a great product
HC Series Criollo,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar for the $$’s,Excellent cigar for the $$’s
HC Series Criollo,4 out of 5,Nice 91rated,Nice medium to full flavored cigar.
HC Series Criollo,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,"This smoke was great. It has a good draw, long finish with a peppery after taste. I look forward to my next one."
HC Series Criollo,5 out of 5,"Great cigar, smooth draw and","Great cigar, smooth draw and good flavor"
HC Series Criollo,3 out of 5,"Criollo Grande, Close, but not quite a top value","I would rate the Criollo Grand at mid scale over all. I found the draw to be a bit tight and not uniform from stick to stick. Properly humidified, the wrappers tend to be delicate and fragile with several splitting on me as soon as i clipped them. I most likely will not purchase them again as there are other options I enjoy more in the same price range. That being said, the Grande's little brothers ""Belicoso, Toro & Robusto"" have been a pleasure to enjoy. They will stay on my re-buy list."
HC Series Criollo,4 out of 5,Price,I would buy the HC Series again
HC Series Criollo,5 out of 5,great,great
HC Series Criollo,5 out of 5,"Great Cigar, and great deal with cutter",I found the HC's to be a relaxing smoke. The cigar had a great breath with a gentle after taste.
HC Series Criollo,4 out of 5,Go to anytime cigar,"Smoked one right off the truck. Mild/Med, slight sweet tobacco flavor with mild spice on the finish. Should only improve with time in the humidor. Highly recommended."
HC Series Criollo,4 out of 5,they were better than I,they were better than I expected
HC Series Criollo,4 out of 5,HC SERIES CRIOLLO ROBUSTO,"Great everyday smoke with excellent taste, very enjoyable!!!"
HC Series Criollo,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar,This stinker burns right.The draw is perfect along with taste.
HC Series Criollo,4 out of 5,Nice and smooth,I solely bought these cigars to get the cutter. The cutter was cheaper if I ordered the cigars so no-brainer right. I was very happy that the cigars were also good. They are nice and smooth and burn perfectly. I will definitely order more of them. Great cigar for the price.
HC Series Criollo,5 out of 5,Fantastic Smoke,Overall great smoke smooth from head to heel will by more
HC Series Criollo,5 out of 5,I've Really Enjoyed My HC Series Criollo Belicoso,A great smoke and a great price too.
HC Series Criollo,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
HC Series Criollo,5 out of 5,Pleasantly surprised,I have never ordered these cigars. I am very happy with my purchase. Great construction and burns for a very long time. Great taste for a medium to full cigar. Not overwhelming. A great value for such a solid cigar. Will buy again when I run out.
HC Series Criollo,5 out of 5,GC,Great cigar
HC Series Criollo,5 out of 5,Smooth and tasty,"This was a smoke I purchased on the blind. I've bought other cigars the same way and have never ever been as pleasantly surprised.
With summer coming to a close and the days shortening I needed a 40 minute or less smoke,so I took a chance. I have five left and I'm saving them they are so good.
I tried to reorder but there were out of stock,I have my notifications posted"
HC Series Criollo,3 out of 5,Stronger Body,They were stronger than I anticipated.
HC Series Criollo,5 out of 5,Great cigars,The H C are great cigars that burn excellent and maintain their flavor throughout the cigar
HC Series Criollo,3 out of 5,Not worth the price to me.,Not a bad smoke but so many others out there that compare for a cheaper price.
HC Series Criollo,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"These cigars burn even, lots of flavor, on the strong side but were very enjoyable for my taste. First time smoking this cigar."
HC Series Criollo,5 out of 5,good smoke,very good for the price. not a bad one in the bunch
HC Series Criollo,5 out of 5,Great stick,My current number one. I bought these due to price and I'm happy to say I love them. My current number one go to smoke. Nice draw and excellent burn. I have one to my cigar buddy who smokes mostly Fuentes and he loved it too
HC Series Criollo,5 out of 5,Excellent Choice,"Quite possibly my new favorite in the HC line-up. If you are looking for a nice Big cigar, this is an excellent fat 60 ring smoke and the price is ridiculously low. Great medium bodied with a lot of flavor. Had a couple that didn't burn exactly even but no problems staying lit and good draw through a punch."
HC Series Criollo,5 out of 5,Service and Delivery,I can always count on C.I. to quickly process and ship my order.
HC Series Criollo,4 out of 5,A keeper for the rotation,A fine mild smoke with an easy draw and good smoke volume. Very satisfying -- I like to buy these 5-packs and keep a nice variety in the humidor.
HC Series Criollo,4 out of 5,Criollo Robusto,Weak 4 star. Does not draw as well as others. Some sticks don't burn even... fillers uneven.
HC Series Criollo,3 out of 5,Disappointing,Disappointed in this purchase. Hard to get a decent draw. Wont get again
HC Series Criollo,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Enjoyed the taste and smoothness
HC Series Criollo,5 out of 5,Great,Great burn smoke draw and flavor
HC Series Criollo,4 out of 5,Don't pass up!,"I love this cigar! I am a collector and I have a ton of cigars from all over! Believe me, it's hard to find a more enjoyable flavor in a cigar, along with a perfect slow burning cherry..its the perfect Intensity too! Woodsy with a little licorice and salt.. I had the Habano Colorado way before this one,,had declared it my favorite HC...it was close for awhile but this one just takes it!
And dare I mention the ridiculously low price! Shhhhhh
CI, keep the good deals coming! Always on time and great selection! Thanks"
HC Series Criollo,5 out of 5,Interesting flavor,"This is a cigar that has an easy draw with a very easy burn. I only had to touch it up once when it burned a little unevenly once. The flavor is interesting. Its a middle of the road taste on first but has a pleasant aftertaste. It is rests easy over
time. a good cigar."
HC Series Gran Limitado,5 out of 5,One of My All Time Favorites From CI,One of the BEST I have gotten from CI. This cigar burns perfect and quality control is there. Tastes great all the way to the nub... Hope to find them again...
HC Series Gran Limitado,5 out of 5,A smoking pleasure !!!,A great full flavored cigar
HC Series Gran Limitado,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Lasted over hour and a perfect burn.
HC Series Gran Limitado,5 out of 5,I like when I get,"I like when I get the order I place. My last two orders have been incorrect.
Email me back if you appreciate my business."
HC Series Gran Limitado,5 out of 5,Holy Moly,This cigars burn is fantastic! Is also had great taste and flavor! This has jumped up to my top five! I’ll buy more!
HC Series Habano Colorado,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
HC Series Habano Colorado,5 out of 5,LOVE THEM,LOVE THEM
HC Series Habano Colorado,4 out of 5,"Under valued, despite price raising 3 times!",Enjoy all 3 in the Havana series..
HC Series Habano Colorado,5 out of 5,Yup,"good as always, good mid range smoke"
HC Series Habano Colorado,5 out of 5,HC Habano Colorado,Quickly becoming a favorite.
HC Series Habano Colorado,4 out of 5,Great,Great Smoke from beginning to end. I turned my teacher on to this he loves it
HC Series Habano Colorado,5 out of 5,Can't go wrong for the,Can't go wrong for the price.
HC Series Habano Colorado,3 out of 5,Nice,Nice smooth burn. Will buy again
HC Series Habano Colorado,5 out of 5,Outstanding,Not a bad cigar in the bunch. Perfectly rolled and a superb taste
HC Series Habano Colorado,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Even flavor and burned well. Nice cigar to kick around with at a good price.
HC Series Habano Colorado,4 out of 5,Nice stick,Enjoy smoking while fishing . Nice burn and decent draw.
HC Series Habano Colorado,4 out of 5,Nice,Nice and smooth with just a bit of a kick
HC Series Habano Colorado,5 out of 5,Good taste,Good taste
HC Series Habano Colorado,3 out of 5,Worth it,"For the price you cannot go wrong, good smoke"
HC Series Habano Colorado,5 out of 5,Very Good - Excellent,Great flavor in this cigar.. rich yet smooth. One of my favorites for sure. Reasonably priced as well. Burns good.
HC Series Habano Colorado,3 out of 5,Not bad,Very strong black coffee taste. Not bad but it needs something like a good rum or a cappucino with sugar to offset the bitterness. Burn was consistent but definitely a full hour smoke. Not amazing by itself. The HC Black maduro is much better.
HC Series Habano Colorado,5 out of 5,5 stars,"Very nice smoke. Flavorful, pretty smooth, and was a substantially long smoke."
HC Series Habano Colorado,5 out of 5,top notch,top notch
HC Series Habano Colorado,5 out of 5,This series is a solid smoke from HC. One of my favorites!,"This cigar is such a pleasure to puff on. It is for me a little past medium and toward a medium / bold. Usually a great burn and draw. This Colorado HC series is a must to have on hand for after enjoying cigars now for some 27 years, this is a ""go to"" for a reliable, enjoyable, and so far a consistent smoke. All sizes of the Colorado series from HC are fantastic! Prior to this cigar brands emergence my ""go to"" was & still is a Man O War."
HC Series Habano Colorado,5 out of 5,One Of My Favorites,This is an excellent cigar. Just as described. It is my favorite HC and top shelf in my humidor. The wrapper is pretty. Construction burn draw taste all good and very smooth. Delicious toasty flavors nuts spice. Nice aftertaste. I am saving up to buy a box. Hoping to catch a deal. Try one.
HC Series Habano Colorado,3 out of 5,Not one of my favs,I've tried the HC as part of a sampler in the perfecto shape and they were a bit better than the Churchill. I've gotten some tunneling and a lot of uneven burns that need frequent touch-ups. It seems to be worse when there's a breeze blowing out on the porch where I sometimes go to smoke.
HC Series Habano Colorado,4 out of 5,Smooth smoke,Smooth smoke
HC Series Habano Colorado,5 out of 5,Great cigars,Great cigars
HC Series Habano Colorado,5 out of 5,Great,Great
HC Series Habano Colorado,5 out of 5,The only cigar I buy boxes of...,"These are the best value cigars that I have found. The construction and performance of these cigars is what I enjoy most. You don't have to think about it, you can pick it up once every two minutes if you want and it's going to perform flawlessly. The flavor is pretty good also, a little harsh at first but it goes away after the first few puffs. Overall for the price I have found this be the best value cigar out there. I buy tons of cigars and this is literally that only one that I have bought more than one box of. Just buy em"
HC Series Habano Colorado,5 out of 5,"Burns even, tastes good","Burns even, tastes good"
HC Series Habano Colorado,4 out of 5,Qualified enthusiasm,"A good, flavorful smoke, but not perfectly packed--as the coal proceeded downward it turned steeply to the diagonal."
HC Series Habano Colorado,4 out of 5,Decent cigar,"This cigar has an excellent flavor. The reason for 4 stars, is that ever one I've had so far, has burnt down the middle and gone out when it reaches the last 3""."
HC Series Habano Colorado,3 out of 5,okay smoke,okay smoke not very much flavor smokes evenly just didnt like the taste very much
HC Series Habano Colorado,5 out of 5,Love the HC,"recently bought the HC , great cigars to relax ...."
HC Series Habano Colorado,5 out of 5,Great cigars just what I,Great cigars just what I wanna do
HC Series Habano Colorado,4 out of 5,Great stogies!!,Great stogies!!
HC Series Habano Colorado,4 out of 5,Decent,Not as Spicy as I kike my Habano cigars but a pretty good smoke.
HC Series Habano Colorado,5 out of 5,HC Habano,"The cigar generates not as much smoke as I like, good flavor though."
HC Series Habano Colorado,5 out of 5,Good smoke,"A very good cigar. A bit pricey, but well-constructed, with a good taste. Would buy again."
HC Series Habano Colorado,5 out of 5,...the best,"...five stars, the Habanos are the best HCs I have had to date, built well and amazing flavor!"
HC Series Habano Colorado,5 out of 5,Habana Colorado,Quality and value ++++++
HC Series Habano Colorado,3 out of 5,Habano colorado,Good cigar. Uneven burn
HC Series Habano Colorado,5 out of 5,stike,a little strong for me
HC Series Habano Colorado,4 out of 5,A New Wrapper ?,"I've had these before in the HC sampler and really liked them.The wrapper on this one was darker,stronger and not as smooth as in the past.Still a decent smoke though."
HC Series Habano Colorado,4 out of 5,hc habano,good cigar worth the maney
HC Series Habano Colorado,5 out of 5,Great anytime cigar and a,Great anytime cigar and a good price
HC Series Habano Colorado,5 out of 5,Great Cigar!,One of my favorites so far!
HC Series Habano Colorado,5 out of 5,HC...,Nice burn and very smooth smoke 💨..!
HC Series Habano Colorado,4 out of 5,Well worth the price,A big bite at first but mellowed and burned nicely.
HC Series Habano Colorado,5 out of 5,Love em!,Good smoke!
HC Series Habano Colorado,4 out of 5,Nice smoke,"Pretty good smoke for the price, probably buy again to keep my humidor full"
HC Series Habano Colorado,4 out of 5,Quality,Great burn
HC Series Habano Colorado,4 out of 5,HC,cigar burned even and was a mild smoke
HC Series Habano Colorado,4 out of 5,Punch Barekunkle,Heavy but favorable smoke. 50 years ago I smoked Punch Pitas.....these remind me of the old Pitas. Good smoke.
HC Series Habano2,5 out of 5,Habano and Maduro both awesome!,"Got a bunch of these and the maduros and have been smoking them a lot lately. Excellent cigars, great smoke, burn time, draw, flavors, and cost. It seems these ones are hard to get these days. Wish I could get my hands on some more!"
HC Series Habano2,5 out of 5,HC Series Habano2 Belicoso,Flavorful but not rich. I enjoy them very much.
HC Series Habano2,5 out of 5,Buttery smooth,"Got this as part of a sampler pack. Wanted to write this review directly under the cigar listing.
Now, one of my favorite cigars. Absolutely buttery smooth cigar and a very well refined med-full body cigar.
Burns very even and put together almost perfectly. Rivals my other favorite the RP decade. Might even put this above it in preference.
Well done."
HC Series Habano2,5 out of 5,Smooth,Very smooth smoke
HC Series Habano2,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,"My experience with the HC Series Habano2 was the Perfecto from the AJ Fernandez Box Pressed Perfecto sampler. The draw was a little light, but the cigar was well-constructed, burned evenly, and delivered lots of tasty smoke . The flavor was not too bold, and got even better as the cigar approached the end. I smoked it until it got too hot to hold, and I hated to throw the nub away. I will buy a box at some point. I will buy the Belicoso unless I can find the Perfecto for sale outside the sampler."
HC Series Habano2,5 out of 5,personal favorite,"Love these cigars! Well constructed, flavorful, and lots of character."
HC Series Habano2,5 out of 5,Beezer,Perfect as always. Value for the price. Smooth even smoke.
HC Series Habano2,5 out of 5,Nice....!,These Habano are great smokes!
HC Series Habano2,5 out of 5,Great Smoke!!,Been buying for awhile. Never had a bad experience yet. Better w/age.
HC Series Habano2,5 out of 5,HC2,Great cigars for a great price! Thank you.
HC Series Habano2,5 out of 5,Outstanding smoke,Outstanding smoke
HC Series Habano2,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Great everyday cigar alone or after dinner. Rich balanced taste even more enjoyable in the second half
HC Series Habano2,5 out of 5,Give it a chance!,"I think this is one of the best out there. A lot of people don’t want to give it a chance because they don’t know it as big name, but it is. After I talk someone into it they are impressed and ask where I got it. It’s not too strong with a coco, leathery taste. I also like the HC black as a cheap cigar but this is a big step up. Thanks."
HC Series Habano2,5 out of 5,Great pair with scotch,"Great cigar, particularly after/during a glass of blended scotch whiskey."
HC Series Habano2,5 out of 5,Suprisingly smooth!,"This is my second time purchasing the HC Habano 2's. I have to say the second experience is better than the first! It's a nice easy draw that produces a rich, creamy smoke. The leathery and earthy flavors come through with no bitterness that all and surprisingly smooth. This is a great smoke for the price!"
HC Series Habano2,5 out of 5,Very nice.,Very nice.
HC Series Habano2,5 out of 5,Solid cigar,Solid cigar
HC Series Habano2,5 out of 5,Hc Habano2,Love it great taste even burn start to finish this is one you 'll want anytime of day & can't wait to grab another one try one and see for yourself .
HC Series Habano2,4 out of 5,A satin smooth flavor bomb...,"This cigar is a real beauty! A nice box pressed belicoso with a silky smooth oily Ecuadorian Habano wrapper...reddish colorado in hue...it has a lovely presentation. The foot gives off a pleasant cocoa aroma with just a hint of barnyard. Very promising indeed...and boy does it deliver! Rich chewy mouthfuls of mildly peppery, cedary, cocoa flavored smoke. Good construction, hardly any touch-ups needed on the burn. Medium-full in body. Closer to medium...a little less strength than what I am used to. But very nice as a change of pace from my usual full-bodied stogies. Highly recommended!"
HC Series Habano2,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,This is a great cigar and it does not cost a lot of money
HC Series Habano2,3 out of 5,Simple Stick,It's an ok cigar........not my go to cigar.
HC Series Habano2,5 out of 5,Very nice,Excellent construction. Smooth easy draw and an even burn. Flavors that pen up throughout. Easy on the spice. Notes of cedar and cashews. Very good.
HC Series Habano2,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar!,"Excellent Habano wrapped cigar by AJ Fernandez. Crisp, sweet, full Habano flavor with an awesome draw. The Maduro2 is the same, excellent smoke!"
HC Series Habano2,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"I bought the sample pack with xicar cutter for a good deal. The cigar has a great, full flavor that I enjoyed."
HC Series Habano2,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar,This was smooth tasting cigar that lasted for quite a while. I would buy these again.
HC Series Habano2,5 out of 5,Awesome mild to medium easy,Awesome mild to medium easy flavorful Smoke.
HC Series Habano2,5 out of 5,Just GREAT!!!,I LOVE YOU GUYS !!!!!!
HC Series Habano2,4 out of 5,HC Series Habano2 Belicoso,Very good. Very smooth and lots of flavor.
HC Series Habano2,5 out of 5,Hc cigar,"Great cigar but the Colorado series in Churchill is always out of stock,like the man of war double corona.you had specials bulk sale prices 15 cigars for 44 a bundle that one also is always out of stock.they are my two favorites along with Cao gold Maduro another great cigar.need to have that on special sometimes."
HC Series Habano2,4 out of 5,Very nice!,Very impressive. Smooth and billowy smoke indeed...
HC Series Habano2,5 out of 5,I'm loving these HC series cigars!!!,I'm loving these HC series cigars!!!
HC Series Habano2,5 out of 5,Great stick!,Great stick!
HC Series Habano2,5 out of 5,A great smoke!,A great smoke!
HC Series Habano2,5 out of 5,Good medium full cigar.,Love these smokes. Good flavor all the way through.
HC Series Habano2,5 out of 5,awesome cigar,enjoyable everyday never tire all round great cigar--five star
HC Series Habano2,5 out of 5,HC habano 2,Good burning smooth smoke. Nice break from the heavier maduros. The price made this buy sheen better. Highly recommended.
HC Series Habano2,4 out of 5,Decent smoke for the money,Decent smoke for the money
HC Series Habano2,4 out of 5,almost perfect,"This cigar is amazing/almost perfect. The draw is a little tight but otherwise they have perfect flavor, perfect construction, perfect aged smoothness and perfectl thick/bountiful/chewy smoke output. Love them. They're now tied with rocky patel decade as my favorite moderately priced cigars."
HC Series Habano2,5 out of 5,Habano2 Toros,Great tasting peppery tasting cigar.
HC Series Habano2,5 out of 5,Great Stick!,I got some of these in a sampler one day. One of my favorites now!
HC Series Habano2,4 out of 5,Finally,Finally a cigar that’s lives up to the billing. Quality roll. Consistent smoke. Solid flavor that carries enough of the “Habano” to give a hint of where it gets it name.
HC Series Habano2,5 out of 5,Excellent relaxing cigar,Excellent relaxing cigar
HC Series Habano2,4 out of 5,Great Deal,Good smoke at an even better price. This is a very good deal for those interested in trying something new.
HC Series Habano2,5 out of 5,Nine months on cedar in my humidor...,"Great smooth & tasty smoke, even burn, off white ash and lots smoke.
Nice with 2-3 fingers of Knob Creek."
HC Series Habano2,5 out of 5,Very good taste,Very good taste
HC Series Habano2,4 out of 5,The cigar burn was good,The cigar burn was good and the taste even better...nuff said
HC Series Habano2,4 out of 5,Nice surprise,Bought 2 5 packs of these and was very pleased with the flavor (medium) and burn.
HC Series Habano2,4 out of 5,Great smoke! All I can say.,Great smoke! All I can say.
HC Series Habano2,5 out of 5,kevin,great
HC Series Habano2,5 out of 5,"""BOOM"" goes the Dynamite!",Flavor Bombs! Smooth satiny wrapper and great pre light aroma. First draw is packed with flavors of cedar and pepper off the bat. Transitions to creamy sweetness and tons of smoke. Great stick
HC Series Maduro2,5 out of 5,HC Maduro2,"One of the finest cigars I have ever smoked. Excellent draw, burn, aroma and taste. Strong and smooth."
HC Series Maduro2,5 out of 5,Very good. Smoke great very,Very good. Smoke great very toothy wrapper same taste all the way through. The one from CI though that I caught on sale were very dry and poorly taken care. Ordered same ones from Thompson and they were much better. These are are in my top 10 to buy.
HC Series Maduro2,5 out of 5,Very solid smoke,These HC series Maduros have been consistently smooth and relaxing. I have not yet found any issues with the many I have smoked. I will order and smoke these in the future.
HC Series Maduro2,5 out of 5,Good tasting cigar. Bold flavor,Good tasting cigar. Bold flavor
HC Series Maduro2,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Really do enjoy smoking this stick. Especially the belicoso. It packs a ton of flavor and burns amazing. Only issue I have with it is that it get very very spicy near the end which I don’t like but other than that it’s a great smoke and would recommend it. The shape and feeling in your hand is great.
HC Series Maduro2,5 out of 5,HC series,Not a bad one in the bunch
HC Series Maduro2,4 out of 5,HC is one of my,"HC is one of my favorites. I prefer the habano2, but this is a good runner up if they're backordered."
HC Series Maduro2,4 out of 5,HC Maduro,Good smoke.
HC Series Maduro2,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"too bad these may be facing extinction, these by far are my favorite cigars. smooth, semi-sweet (not sweetened), mellow, thick smoke. Buy them while you can."
HC Series Maduro2,5 out of 5,HC Maduro2,Very good smoke from start to finish!
HC Series Maduro2,5 out of 5,Maduro2 a top 10 cigar,"wow, amazingly good. Easy light, stays lit, lotsa smoke, not too strong but smooth, better get some while they last!"
HC Series Maduro2,4 out of 5,Nice smoke,Nice smoke
HC Series Maduro2,5 out of 5,"Great smoke, it will not","Great smoke, it will not disappoint."
HC Series Maduro2,4 out of 5,GREAT FOR THE MONEY,GREAT FOR THE MONEY
HC Series Maduro2,4 out of 5,OK,Have a sharper finish than other HCs I have tried.
HC Series Maduro2,5 out of 5,Very Nice,A nice balance of fullness and smoothness.
HC Series Maduro2,5 out of 5,Good burn,very good smooth smoke
HC Series Maduro2,5 out of 5,Great Full Flavor Smoke,"I was pleasantly surprised by this stick, it has a great flavor with plenty of billowing smoke."
HC Series Maduro2,5 out of 5,Great value for Maduro smokers,"This cigar simply is one of my favorites. Smooth, flavorful and rich. Always a rotation cigar in my humidor. Won't be diappointed."
HC Series Maduro2,5 out of 5,WHO WOULD HAVE KNOWN,THIS CIGAR IS EXCELLENT.
HC Series Maduro2,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
HC Series Maduro2,4 out of 5,Another fine cigar,Thank you for sharing it.
HC Series Maduro2,4 out of 5,Nice smoke,Enjoyed these box pressed cigars
HC Series Maduro2,4 out of 5,👍🏽,👍🏽
HC Series Maduro2,3 out of 5,Flavor,"The cigar is smooth and nice aroma, I wish the flavor would be richer and more prevalent. The LA Gloria Cubans is outstanding!"
HC Series Maduro2,4 out of 5,Good sticks,Good sticks
HC Series Maduro2,3 out of 5,"nothing special to speak of,","nothing special to speak of, just an average cigar"
HC Series Maduro2,4 out of 5,HC Maduro,Nice smooth rich flavor!
HC Series Maduro2,5 out of 5,great cigar,another favorite good go to cigar
HC Series Maduro2,5 out of 5,Torano Big ......Cigars,"A very good smoke...These aren't my every day ,any time cigars..These are my kick back enjoy smokes..."
HC Series Maduro2,4 out of 5,Not a bad full flavor,Not a bad full flavor smoke. I enjoyed it.
HC Series Maduro2,5 out of 5,"Great smoke, will buy again","Great smoke, will buy again"
HC Series Maduro2,5 out of 5,Real nice and smooth tasting,Real nice and smooth tasting cigars
HC Series Maduro2,5 out of 5,great service,great service
HC Series Maduro2,3 out of 5,Ok Smoke,"This is OK, just for a back up."
HC Series Maduro2,3 out of 5,Ok,Ok
HC Series Maduro2,3 out of 5,Not bad,decent smoke.
HC Series Maduro2,5 out of 5,Great find,"I just ordered these cigars for my husband and he is really enjoying them. We get all his cigars through Cigars International now, great company to work with!"
HC Series Maduro2,4 out of 5,HC Series Maduro2 Belicoso,good smoke.
HC Series Maduro2,3 out of 5,A nice solid cigar but,A nice solid cigar but a little harsh for me.
HC Series Maduro2,5 out of 5,Great,Great stick
HC Series Maduro2,5 out of 5,HC Maduro Rocks!,HC Maduro Rocks the taste-buds!
HC Series Maduro2,4 out of 5,Flavor and taste are very,Flavor and taste are very good. Could be a bit strong. When smoked half-way can cause light-headedness. Do not encounter this condition with other brands of cigars. Does not burn evenly.
HC Series Maduro2,3 out of 5,Good cigar!,"Although not great, its a good and valued daily cigar."
HC Series Maduro2,3 out of 5,Inconsistent,These are ok but are inconsistent in how they burn and taste
HC Series Maduro2,5 out of 5,5 star,5 star
HC Series Maduro2,3 out of 5,It is decent every day,It is decent every day stick
HC Series Maduro2,5 out of 5,Good,Good
HC Series Maduro2,4 out of 5,Good good good,"Good price, burn, pull and taste"
HC Series Maduro2,5 out of 5,HC,HC
HC Series Red Corojo,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Great everyday cigar. Mild with a great taste.
HC Series Red Corojo,4 out of 5,Good everyday cigar,"Let'em sleep in your humidor for a month, especially after summertime shipping. Otherwise the wrapper could unravel when fired up in dry climate conditions. That said, very good Corojo taste and smooth draw. I'll buy'em again."
HC Series Red Corojo,5 out of 5,Fantastic,"I’m sad every time I smoke my last one. The HC Whites were my go to for a while, but the Reds are my go for sure."
HC Series Red Corojo,4 out of 5,Very smooth,Very smooth
HC Series Red Corojo,4 out of 5,One of my favorites. All,One of my favorites. All around good cigar not too strong and also not weak. Good value
HC Series Red Corojo,4 out of 5,Surprisingly good,Very smooth smoke. Much better flavor than I expected.
HC Series Red Corojo,4 out of 5,Good average day smoke.,Good average day smoke.
HC Series Red Corojo,3 out of 5,Harsh and Loose,Harsh and loose.
HC Series Red Corojo,4 out of 5,Great value,"Smooth, great burn, all around nice cigar !"
HC Series Red Corojo,5 out of 5,HC Red Corojo,Very pleasant smoke. Lasts a long time.
HC Series Red Corojo,4 out of 5,Pretty good for the price,It was a nice stick for the money. Just enough flavor and body without being harsh
HC Series Red Corojo,3 out of 5,Not great. Go with HC Maduro!,"Not great. This cigar tastes cheap. It's strong, and the flavor isn't terrible, but it's not that enjoyable... Compared to HC Maduro, which is always 5 stars, there is a better option, by the same company, for the same money."
HC Series Red Corojo,3 out of 5,A good cigar for a,A good cigar for a good price
HC Series Red Corojo,5 out of 5,Good value,"Great smoke, good flavor, burns nice, not expensive, better than the HCBlack Maduro ( at least to me itis). Not harsh at all very smooth."
HC Series Red Corojo,5 out of 5,HC,Good easy smoke no bite. Great size for me.
HC Series Red Corojo,4 out of 5,"Good size, burn rate, not","Good size, burn rate, not harsh"
HC Series Red Corojo,4 out of 5,Cigar review,Decent everyday cigar.
HC Series Red Corojo,4 out of 5,Great everday cigar.,I was surprised. Has good flavor and pretty smooth. Burns even but doesn't hold the ash very well. Definitely a good cigar to share with friends and easy on the wallet !
HC Series Red Corojo,4 out of 5,h/c red,"good, taste and price"
HC Series Red Corojo,4 out of 5,Works for Me,"Plenty of draw, smoke and heavy flavor, exactly what I like."
HC Series Red Corojo,5 out of 5,Great smoke. Great price.,Great smoke. Great price.
HC Series Red Corojo,4 out of 5,good cigar,"Havana Club, good cigar, great price! Enjoyed"
HC Series Red Corojo,4 out of 5,good smoke,"needed a few weeks in humidor, harsh at first but evens out burns well"
HC Series Red Corojo,3 out of 5,On sale,Got them on sale ! Not bad !
HC Series Red Corojo,5 out of 5,Great construction and taste. Great,Great construction and taste. Great smoke for the money.
HC Series Red Corojo,4 out of 5,HC Corojo,"Well constructed cigar that was a surprise.
The reddish wrapper is a whole new flavorful smoke. Gorgeous finish after a nice evenly burn."
HC Series Red Corojo,5 out of 5,Very good cigar,Very good cigar
HC Series Red Corojo,4 out of 5,Great Smoke!!,Nothing really overwhelming. Nice and smooth. Will order again.
HC Series Red Corojo,4 out of 5,...good smoke,"...strong but very smooth, well built, a very good smoke."
HC Series Red Corojo,5 out of 5,Real nice,Very good smoke
HC Series Red Corojo,4 out of 5,A great smoke at a,A great smoke at a great price 😎
HC Series Red Corojo,4 out of 5,HC,Decent smoke. Well constructed
HC Series Red Corojo,5 out of 5,Big Hit !,"Delicious, smooth, great burn, highly recommend.."
HC Series Red Corojo,4 out of 5,HC Corojo Red,"Smooth draw, nice rich flavor to the nub."
HC Series Red Corojo,5 out of 5,HC Red,Long lasting and great taste
HC Series Red Corojo,5 out of 5,HC Series Red Corojo,I have bought these over a year and no complaints very good cigar for the money............
HC Series Red Corojo,4 out of 5,“Great” value “good” cigar,I love the (every day price) on CI and this is one of them.The first 2/3rds of this is great but gets harsh after that. It’s a long and full smoke so 2/3rds is still a bargain.
HC Series Red Corojo,5 out of 5,One of the BEST,"Great stick, no complaints!!"
HC Series Red Corojo,3 out of 5,Not blown away,"Starts off very harsh but mellows out about 1/4 the way in, doesn’t hold its ash very well seems loosely rolled"
HC Series Red Corojo,3 out of 5,They was good,They was good
HC Series Red Corojo,3 out of 5,Oops!,"I ordered 20 HC red Cora joe and when received the first one was soooo perfect,but the next 5were dry and kept fuming untapped as I smoked them. I had to put the rest on my order in my humidor for a week and then tried again but several were still too dry to enjoy... I guess that’s why they were on sale,!!"
HC Series Red Corojo,4 out of 5,A REAL BARGAIN,"These are excellent cigars at a great price. If you like Corojos, you'll love these. Not a smoke to hurry through, but one to savor. And at this price you can do a lot of savoring!"
HC Series Red Corojo,4 out of 5,Shop CIgar,"Good taste, were a little dry but a few days in humidor fixed. Tight roll at tip so had to cut a little more off than usual. Good for just hanging in the shop or staying out of the wife's way"
HC Series Red Corojo,5 out of 5,Good cigars,"Good price, good smoke"
HC Series Red Corojo,5 out of 5,HC Red Corojo Grande,"What a Great cigar for the price! Burns evenly, well constructed, and what a Great taste! I'd buy these cigars over and over again!"
HC Series Red Corojo,4 out of 5,"A nice, Rust colored Corojo to appreciate!","This is a well made, slow burning, smooth and satisfying smoke! I really enjoy these after a good meal or to end my night alone with a good book and a couple fingers of GlenLivet! Because it is a big fella and can consume some time it's best not to indulge if you're on a time crunch, it needs TLC, a good beverage and time savor! Always a pleasure for me, great draw and clouds of thick smoke, makes my palate smile! Thanks CI, never heard of these before you introduced me!"
HC Series Red Corojo,5 out of 5,Nice cigar burns well to,Nice cigar burns well to the Very end
HC Series Red Corojo,4 out of 5,Good Smoke,Nice go to stick for the price. Will buy again...
HC Series Red Corojo,2 out of 5,NOT thrlled !!,"Have smoked other HC style cigars (churchill, torro) with the corojo wrapper
and found them very pleasing. Not so the belocoso. Much stronger, and frankly
half way down they get to tasting UGLY... Will NOT buy again. Would NOT recomend to my friends."
HC Series Red Corojo,4 out of 5,HC Red,This is my first intro to a corojo leaf wrapper. Quite a good smoke. A solid 4 to 4 1/2.
HC Series White Shade Grown,5 out of 5,"Very nice anytime cigar for the novice or experienced smoker,","Well constructed, even burn with an easy draw, plenty of smoke in this mild to medium cigar. Enjoyable anytime cigar for the novice or experienced smoker. Highly recommended."
HC Series White Shade Grown,5 out of 5,Great Lounger,This is a great smooth cigar to set out on the deck with my favorite beverage in the evening and enjoy with friends.
HC Series White Shade Grown,5 out of 5,Great Anytime Cigar - Highly Recommended..!,"Great Smoke...! Well constructed, easy draw, even burn, flavorful mellow to medium cigar.Wonderful right down to the nub. Great anytime of day. Highly Recommended..!"
HC Series White Shade Grown,5 out of 5,Nice anytime cigar..!,"Good construction, easy draw, mild to medium body, good flavor with plenty of smoke. Reasonably priced smoke. Highly recommended..!"
HC Series White Shade Grown,5 out of 5,Both are great,Both are great
HC Series White Shade Grown,5 out of 5,Nice,Great Mild smoke for the price
HC Series White Shade Grown,5 out of 5,"We'll constructed, consistently smooth.","We'll constructed, consistently smooth."
HC Series White Shade Grown,5 out of 5,Pleasant Anytime Smoke,"THe HC White Shade Robusto is a pleasant nytime smoke. Well constructed, even burning cigar with an easy draw. It's consistent right down to the nub. I highly recommend it to novice smokers, and to experienced smokers who want a nice anytime cigar. RON S"
HC Series White Shade Grown,5 out of 5,a great cigar for the price,A nice light smoke; it stayed lit; even burn; smooth pull
HC Series White Shade Grown,5 out of 5,EXCELLENT CIGAR!!,EXCELLENT CIGAR!!
HC Series White Shade Grown,4 out of 5,Fine cigar,The HC is a nice smooth smoke
HC Series White Shade Grown,4 out of 5,My go to daily.,"This is my go to daily cigar. Good taste, good burn."
HC Series White Shade Grown,5 out of 5,My Fav,I loved the way it feels and tastes.
HC Series White Shade Grown,4 out of 5,HC White Shade,"Very good smoking cigar. I rated it as a 4, only because there are so many other cigars, I haven't tried."
HC Series White Shade Grown,4 out of 5,All faves. Just right body,All faves. Just right body and flavor
HC Series White Shade Grown,5 out of 5,These Are Great,"For the price, these stogies can not be beaten. I smoked several they all smoked very consistently with minimal lighting to touch up the flow. The taste was very mild to medium with hints of spice and pepper. I'd definitely get these again maybe in a Robusto size. Highly Recommended."
HC Series White Shade Grown,4 out of 5,Not a bad smoke for,Not a bad smoke for the $$$. Some inconsistencies in rolling. But all in all a good smoke.
HC Series White Shade Grown,4 out of 5,HC SERIES WHITE SHADE TORPEDO,"Nice, smooth draw, even burn and easy on the palate! Hints of paper and earth. Good in early evening after dinner with a brandy/cognac. Keep them coming, I'm getting very fond of the HC line! More CI magic!"
HC Series White Shade Grown,4 out of 5,Good for the price,This is a decent cigar. Occasionally you’ll get a loose roll but it’s not a deal breaker. I would order again.
HC Series White Shade Grown,4 out of 5,"Mild, good everyday smoke","Mild, good everyday smoke"
HC Series White Shade Grown,4 out of 5,good,I like these for everyday smoke
HC Series White Shade Grown,4 out of 5,"Good taste, decent ash.","These taste good, mellow. Not too strong. They do tend to run tho requiring several touchup burns through out the smoke."
HC Series White Shade Grown,4 out of 5,Smooth and Enjoyable!,"I had gotten two HC Series Cigars in a sampler and liked them. So I ordered the White Shade Series and have enjoyed them as well. They are smooth and light, which is the way I like most cigars."
HC Series White Shade Grown,4 out of 5,Great value,Nice smoke!
HC Series White Shade Grown,3 out of 5,It's a good mild smoke,It's a good mild smoke
HC Series White Shade Grown,4 out of 5,Love the bigger ring size makes it mellower,Just finished my second one great smoke a little problem with the burn I had to torch it a couple of times but tasty and it takes a while to smoke one.
HC Series White Shade Grown,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar!,Consistently a good smoke.
HC Series White Shade Grown,4 out of 5,Good Cigar Uneven Burn,"Good Cigar but as received they burn up the side and require many more lights to try burning full cigar. After weeks in the humidor they still have this problem. Can't just light them and go outside, must carry lighter or matches when smoking these cigars,"
HC Series White Shade Grown,4 out of 5,Very Good for the Price,"Good Draw-Burns Even-Mellow-Rolled Firm But Not Tight-Great Price
Burns a tad fast though...but will order again"
HC Series White Shade Grown,4 out of 5,Excellent smoke,"Excellent smoke construction could be better. Often the cap unravels. But otherwise, excellent smoke for the money."
HC Series White Shade Grown,5 out of 5,Great,Great
HC Series White Shade Grown,4 out of 5,GOOD SMOKE,Good cigar
HC Series White Shade Grown,5 out of 5,HC series white shade grown churchill,"Good cigar, nice even burn, good taste."
HC Series White Shade Grown,4 out of 5,Good mellow smoke for a,Good mellow smoke for a bundled cigar.
HC Series White Shade Grown,4 out of 5,Great Smoke. Just stay on backorder for too long!!!!,Nice smooth cigars. Great smoke. The only issue is that they stay on backorder because they are so GOOD!!!!
HC Series White Shade Grown,4 out of 5,a nice cigar at a,a nice cigar at a good price.
HC Series White Shade Grown,5 out of 5,Love it!,Perfect everyday cigar! Very mild! Burn is consistent! Very good draw!
HC Series White Shade Grown,5 out of 5,Tasty Treat,"For the price these are a great smoke! It's nice and light with a hint of cream. I can't say enough about this smoke! It has a tight roll that burns fantastic. You can smoke these down to the nub ,without hot boxing or losing it's great flavor. These tasty treats will be a stable in my humidor."
HC Series White Shade Grown,5 out of 5,Great everyday smoke.,Great everyday smoke.
HC Series White Shade Grown,3 out of 5,Nice,OK for any everyday smoke.
HC Series White Shade Grown,5 out of 5,Super,Plain & simple .. You will love this smoke !!
HC Series White Shade Grown,5 out of 5,Very smooth,Very smooth
HC Series White Shade Grown,5 out of 5,Hc torps,Good stick for the price burns evenly
HC Series White Shade Grown,4 out of 5,excellent cigar at a fair,excellent cigar at a fair price
HC Series White Shade Grown,5 out of 5,Good smoke,"Good everyday cigar, very mellow cigar not over powering."
HC Series White Shade Grown,5 out of 5,Very nicely made. Fairly mild with excellent draw and burn.,Very nicely made. Fairly mild with excellent draw and burn. I bought some Oliva which I like at the same time. I actually like these better and recommend them to anyone who wants a medium mild cigar.
HC Series White Shade Grown,4 out of 5,Value,"This is a good cigar for the price. Good flavor, pretty good draw, and so far consistent."
HC Series White Shade Grown,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
HC Series White Shade Grown,4 out of 5,HC,Decent everyday cigar at good price
HC Series White Shade Grown,5 out of 5,Great cigar for the price,"I always enjoy these cigars, especially when they are on sale."
Helix,4 out of 5,"Almost always burns evenly, nice","Almost always burns evenly, nice gray ash, very mild, nice cigar."
Helix,4 out of 5,I'm Liking The Maduro,"I bought a pack of five of the 652 Maduro Toro 6x52s at the same time I bought some of the other cigars. I like this more than any of the others I tried so far. It took me about an hour and a half to burn through this one. I found it had a little more mellow to medium taste to it. I guess from the reviews I've been leaving I'm one of the new kids on the block so I'll just leave it at this, if you want a little more bag for you buck try some of these and thank me later."
Helix,4 out of 5,Not A Bad Cigar At All,I bought a pack of 5 of the Helix 652 Toro 6x52 to give them a try. I didn't think I'd like the cigar because I thought they would be to weak. Boy I was wrong. I love the taste and mellow draw of these cigars. All the way to the end of this cigar. If your just starting out give them a try. You will probably like them as well.
Helix,4 out of 5,Golf buddy,"This mellow gem has been my golf companion that consoles me after every missed putt. Drive a ball into the water, just have a few puffs and you will want to continue to play. IT may not actually improve your golf game but it makes the shanks a lot more tolerable. This is a mellow fellow that does not burn your mouth, nor does it leave a bad after taste. As you get near the nub stage its flavor grows and grows."
Helix,5 out of 5,Fine afternoon delight,"Imagine it has been a long week. You want to take a few moments on Friday after work and relax, maybe and sip bourbon and enjoy a very fine cigar. The Helix x542 brings it to the next level. Nothing so robust that your throat gets tingly but a very mellow enhancement of either fine bourbon or craft beer. Smooth burning and even it will take a little time to fully enjoy this delightful enhancement to your afternoon or evening. when smoked to the halfway point there was no noticeable increase in any attribute maintaining a consistent smoke from start to finish. I am always happy when the mouth end does not disintegrate or fray making me spit tobacco fragments. I enjoyed this cigar so much I purchased another batch to fill my humidor. Try it, you wont be disapointed."
Helix,5 out of 5,Steal of the Year,"best cigar for the price, great taste, cent, quality. people actually comment on how great they smell. my go too all the time."
Helix,5 out of 5,Amazing cigar,Not only my favorite light cigar. One of my faves all around. Sweet and nutty. Very enjoyable. Can’t beat it for the price. Made right here in CT too which is a plus for me.
Helix,5 out of 5,Helix,"Very mild, easy draw, slow even burn. Very pleasant taste."
Helix,4 out of 5,Helix,"Smooth, consistent burn"
Helix,4 out of 5,Excellent smoke. A long time,Excellent smoke. A long time favorite at a good price. Always the same.
Helix,4 out of 5,Helix,Good cigar- great burn and flavor
Helix,4 out of 5,Helix Maduro Doesn't Disappoint,"Having enjoyed the regular Helix cigar, I wanted to see if the Maduro had a bit more flavor, and it did without being too strong. Well constructed, reasonably priced and just enough added flavor to remain mild, without being overpowering. The dark wrapper is also a good looking stick."
Helix,5 out of 5,Helix Lover,I enjoy Helix as it is a fantastic mild cigar that burns evenly and smokes fantastic for the price
Helix,5 out of 5,Best mild cigars on the planet?,"I like mild and these smokes are the best I've had yet. They remain quite mellow throughout the burn, right down to the nub. Excellent construction, nice even burn and great tobacco flavors with some peppery notes and a bit of sweetness. If you like mild, you'll love these smokes. T.B. WI"
Helix,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"Mild yet smooth,burns nicely ,smells great and has a nice taste.A good buy."
Helix,5 out of 5,"Mild, burns great and smooth.",I love this size cigar for a shorter smoke than my usual Churchill. The Connecticut wrapper is nicely done and it burns fabulous. This cigar gets milder as it burns.
Helix,5 out of 5,"Great smoke, burns even ,","Great smoke, burns even , very mild, good price, stays firm."
Helix,5 out of 5,Helix,Great cigar!
Helix,5 out of 5,Helix 542,Getting to expensive.
Helix,4 out of 5,Good cigar but the draw,Good cigar but the draw is to hard must a cigar poke or u can't smoke them
Helix,4 out of 5,Great Smokes,They're a reasonably priced mild cigar. The draw and burn is dependable with every cigar unlike some more expensive brands. I would recommend them.
Helix,5 out of 5,Astral replacement,"I have been looking fur Astral cigars, which I sniffed in the late 90's This is a very similar cigar. South and tasty. I will be buying more"
Helix,4 out of 5,Well rounded flavor,"Good burn, smooth flavor,mild to medium taste"
Helix,5 out of 5,Helix,Great cigars
Helix,5 out of 5,Helix x652,Good cigar!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Helix,3 out of 5,Helix x748,I bought a five pack and smoked two so far...the first one was excellent and I was ready to buy a box. But the second cigar was very bitter tasting....it burned and drew like the first but it was bitter tasting throughout.
Helix,5 out of 5,Among My Favs,"I like mild cigars and Macanudo Gold Label and their Cafe line had been my favs for quite sometime. However, the Helix x652 CT wrapped sticks are right up there. Excellent construction, nice even burn and subtle flavors that dance across your palate rather than assaulting it as some fuller bodied cigars tend to do. I have yet to run into a bad cigar from Helix. The only bad news is these cigars are limited production and are not always available. I have given a couple to two of my friends and one of them is absolutely hooked on these sticks. He has been buying them from the local convenience store (en tubo) and paying $6+ a pop!! I gave him on of your old catalogs and suggested he start doing business with you guys which will save him a load of cash. Also, if I order by Wed before noon or so, I have my order in hand Fri afternoon when the postman arrives. My orders always arrive fresh and in excellent shape. Keep up the good work, CI. My only complaint is.....why can't I be rich instead of so damn good-looking? I could afford to buy these sticks by the van load then."
Helix,3 out of 5,Helix/Blue,"Very mild, burned uneven, great buy for the price, quality is a 3 out of 5."
Helix,5 out of 5,Helix 652,"It's a good smoke, but it is listed as a Maduro which is what i wanted, I re-read the small print after I opened the box and saw they were Connecticut wrappers. Need a better description in the catalogue"
Helix,4 out of 5,Very mild,In my opinion these are to mild. I smoke on the golf course so I like a mild to medium cigar. For the price they are ok bit don't expect much flavor.
Helix,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Draws easy and is a good smoke while reading the nightly paper.
Helix,5 out of 5,Helix,Nice smooth cigar with an easy draw. Would buy them again.
Helix,4 out of 5,EVERYDAY WINNER,"Great cheap conn. as well as the maduro. Nice draw, ash, burn. If you like them mild, this is a double go to pair. Great price and the USUAL UNMATCHED CI DELIVERY. Esp. for you punters living in HI. Nobody gives us a delivery break like CI."
Helix,5 out of 5,Great Service!!!!,Every time I order from CI I can't believe how fast my order comes in the mail. I have asked my fellow BYOF's and they all say the same thing. CI is outstanding with there ordering!! I LOVE CI and visit them whenever I can in PA. Keep up the great job!
Helix,5 out of 5,Helix!,They were great!
Helix,3 out of 5,Helix,This is a full bodied cigar with decent flavor and an even burn. Very reasonably priced and appropriate for any occasion.
Helix,5 out of 5,Great Stick for a small price.,"The Helix x542 is a light creamy, and slightly nutty cigar with a hint of sweet cedar and a short finish that was nice to revisit after 10 years not smoking one. It seems to be a perfect smoke for the morning with a cup of coffee that doesn't hang on you all day. I would definitely recommend this cigar for someone who is interested in trying cigars....tasty, light and affordable."
Helix,5 out of 5,"great mild cigar, at a","great mild cigar, at a great price..."
Helix,2 out of 5,NOT Complex Just Bad,"Heard and read so much about Helix complexity and a great smoke that won't break the bank. There was nothing complex about it and I'd take dozens of ""budget / daily"" smokes over this any day of the week. I guess I found out why this stogie was on ""Clearance""."
Helix,5 out of 5,Helix Tubular...,Great Cigar. Perfect size when you don't have a long time to burn one up!
Helix,5 out of 5,Helix x550,Great cigar for the money. Mild-medium
Helix,5 out of 5,Helix 6X52,"Great cigar for activities, when you don't want an over bearing cigar but don't want to do without the flavor."
Helix,4 out of 5,Good smoke for the money,Good smoke for the money
Helix,4 out of 5,Helix 550,Good mild smoke for after dinner reading a book.
Helix,5 out of 5,cigar orders,"Ordered helix for the first time because because of the small size available and they were on the mild side. I hit a home run on these cigars. They have a very satisfying taste, a nice draw, and an even burn. The price is a steal and I will be ordering these again. They can easily compete with the more expensive cigars. The guys in my foursome all agree. This is one great cigar for the money.
Thanks CI for having these in your inventory."
Helix,5 out of 5,Pleased!,A pleasant light cigar. Goes well with a cold beer when relaxing.
Helix,5 out of 5,Super smooth at a good price,"I like a variety of cigars from mild to moderately intense, but I definitely prefer mild for everyday smokes. Helix delivers in spades. It is a solid, tasty, well made smoke that satisfies, but doesn't require lying down for half an hour afterward to recover. In the medium price, decent quality category, these are a winner."
Helix,5 out of 5,Lou Colavito,Good prices free shipping once and a while would be nice.
Helix,5 out of 5,S. Roper's Reveiw,"smoothest, best tasting cigar I've ever smoked. Great cigar for the price!!!"
Helix,4 out of 5,George H. Trevose PA.,I liked this cigar very much. I thought the flavor and the construction were top notch all the way through. I was pleasantly surprised at the cost as well. Good cigar!
Henry Clay,4 out of 5,An old favorite,"This cigar is an old favorite and it has been a while since I bought Henry C’s. However, I’ve noticed a decline in construction quality ( ie inconsistent burn, poor draw) over the years."
Henry Clay,4 out of 5,Not pretty but smokes well.,Not pretty but smokes well. Excellent value. I've paid a lot more for a lot less...
Henry Clay,5 out of 5,great cigar,the most under appreciated cigar. One of the classics everyone should try before all the newer boutique blends.
Henry Clay,5 out of 5,"Great cigar, getting","Great cigar, getting"
Henry Clay,4 out of 5,Toro,"I have been smoking these for years. This is a mellow, satisfying smoke, and maybe only one or two dogs in the box."
Henry Clay,4 out of 5,I enjoyed it.,I enjoyed it.
Henry Clay,4 out of 5,Very good,"Well made,nice draw,great wrapper..."
Henry Clay,5 out of 5,Henry Clay,"Each palete is as different as a fingerprint. The Henry Clay Brevis Finas hit mine perfect. Great cigar.
Jeff"
Henry Clay,5 out of 5,Excellent,"Great smoke, a must try."
Henry Clay,5 out of 5,A lot of GOOD taste at a reasonable price,THIS is a great cigar with lot of flavor and spice.
Henry Clay,2 out of 5,These are maduros!,"I only give these 2 stars because of the poor description. They are maduros, and I am not a maduro fan. So, I had to go through the return process with these. The description should state they are maduro!"
Henry Clay,5 out of 5,Consistently great cigar,"I’ve been smoking the Henry Clay Brevas ala Conserva for 25 years - they may not be the prettiest, but they provide a consistently great smoke!"
Henry Clay,5 out of 5,Exacatly what I remembered,"Absolutely Fantastic! These are so good AND consistent, they are my ""go to"" cigar. Smoke them slowly and enjoy the rich flavors. These aren't for everyone. If you want a pretty cigar with a stratispheric price, then stay away from these, if you enjoy various complex flavors, try these, you won't be disappointed."
Henry Clay,5 out of 5,"10/10 Cigar, True flavor.",Fantastic cigars. My first cigar and will always be my go to cigar every week.
Henry Clay,5 out of 5,10/10 A cigar I will forever remember.,First Cigar I ever had and still come back to it every time I want to have a celebratory smoke or a backyard smoke. This is a top notch cigar for taste and burn.
Henry Clay,5 out of 5,Sometimes ugly = better,"i have smoked Henry Clays brevas ala conserva for over 20 years. And it is one of the best kept secrets in the cigar world. Sure they're ugly and sometimes inconsistent, but for the money, they are some of the best smoking maduros out there. Put some of these in your humidor and enjoy"
Henry Clay,4 out of 5,I'm impressed,A gift from an old friend... and a darn tasty one at that. Rich a flavorful.
Henry Clay,4 out of 5,Great bargain!,"These have been a great smoke! I bought a box of 25 to give to my groomsmen and smoke the balance myself. The first 15 have been great. All of my groomsmen liked them and I have enjoyed every one I have smoked. Each one lasts about an hour for me and get better each time. They really do smoke well, even until the last inch! I would recommend them and plan on purchasing another box when I run out. The price is great for filling your humidor and giving out or taking to a herf. My local shop charges $7 a pop for these!"
Henry Clay,4 out of 5,Henry clay brevas,Good cigars to smoke during the day
Henry Clay,1 out of 5,CEO,"I typically like these cigars, but this batch had more duds that usual."
Henry Clay,5 out of 5,"Looks ugly, tastes great!",A very mild and simple smoke. Slow-burning. No aftertaste.
Henry Clay Limited Edition 2018,4 out of 5,Loving this cigar,Well constructed and easy smoke. Will be buying this one again
Henry Clay Limited Edition 2018,4 out of 5,NICE,"Not the greatest,but VERY NICE"
Henry Clay Limited Edition 2018,4 out of 5,"Henry Clay rock steady cigar,","Henry Clay rock steady cigar, a comfort smoke. The perfecto vitola completes the package and takes you back to another time, when a cigar was just a cigar. Give these Henrys a try you won't be disappointed."
Henry Clay Limited Edition 2018,4 out of 5,Very smooth,Very smooth
Henry Clay Rustic Cheroot,5 out of 5,Recommend,absolute best bargain. not designed to duke it out in a beauty contest so you know every dime went into taste. The first light and the following 3-4 puffs bring some of the richest maduro flavor of any cigar
Henry Clay Rustic Cheroot,5 out of 5,henry clay best value.Padron always the best Fuente always the best.cao very good Rocky Patel. how can you go wrong,buy again spice and smoky like red lion.also like Padron and fuente.red lion rough smoky and tasty. Henry Clay had them all buy all of the henry clay again. nice roll great burn. spicy full of pepper. nice line and price. Padron I cut it in half and get 2fer1.fuente very good.padron my favorite go back and forth love them all especially amazon.very interesting taste.lot of choices.i still have 5 cigars of the amazon the first of that line.and Kyotos Kentucky fire cured. I guess I love the taste I love them all. henry clay is the top of the list stalk cut.limited edition.rustic cheroot.very good.back to cao extreme .they brought us the amazon basin. henry clay is wonderful cigar all of them are it is hard to decide that is why have them all. great job.
Henry Clay Rustic Cheroot,5 out of 5,CI online order,Quick delivery. Easy ordering process. Homerun. Very pleased with the experience
Henry Clay Stalk Cut,5 out of 5,super cigar,super cigar
Henry Clay Stalk Cut,5 out of 5,Henry clay carroott,Henry clay carroott
Henry Clay Stalk Cut,5 out of 5,Henry Clay Stalk Cut,"Great cigar. Enough said.
Jeff"
Henry Clay Stalk Cut,5 out of 5,Excellent smokes with rich flavor,Excellent smokes with rich flavor followed with nice spice finish
Henry Clay Stalk Cut,5 out of 5,Not your Father’s Henry Clay,This is a powerhouse of a smoke. The Henry Clay Breva Conserva was one of the first cigars I tried. The Henry Clay Stalk Cut is a step above in flavor and strength. Not for the timid it’s a rich full-bodied treat.
Henry Clay Stalk Cut,5 out of 5,Henry Clay Stalk Cut Robusto,"You know, I've always liked Henry Clay Cigars. The Breva Conserva was one of the FIRST five cigars I tried when I first started smoking cigars 24 years ago. I just had to try the Stalk Cut when I heard about it. WOW!!! I felt confident it would be good....but I didn't know it would be THIS GOOD! So how do you make a really nice Bourbon on the rocks better?....you use better Bourbon! I can tell you, this ""Stalk Cut"" concept just gives you more of what you like in a Henry Clay cigar. Full-bodied, thick smoke, intense earthy flavors, and a good draw with an excellent burn! You should try them!"
Henry Clay Stalk Cut,5 out of 5,Rugged Depth,I have often enjoyed the rugged feel and layers of flavor offered by the original Henry Clay cigar. Until now I only wished for a bigger ring gauge. The larger size of the stalk version was more of the rustic depth of the full body that I love about the Henry Clay brand!
Henry Clay Stalk Cut,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Henry Clay War Hawk,5 out of 5,Surprise Smoke,Smooth smoke. Smoke it slow and it's good to the nub ! Plenty of flavor
Henry Clay War Hawk,4 out of 5,A reasonably mild smoke with a lot of flavor,"Been an off and on again smoker of the regular HC line the past 25 years so when I saw the Connecticut wrapper I thought I’d give it a try, as I was wanting a milder smoke for a change of pace. The War Hawk didn’t disappoint. Smooth and surprisingly flavorful with a very good burn. I’ve smoked two thus far with the same result. Nice smoke!"
Hesitant Pirate,5 out of 5,good everyday cigar,good everyday cigar
Hesitant Pirate,4 out of 5,great everyday smoke,"For the price, this is a really great cigar.
I wish they offered it in a corona!!!"
Hesitant Pirate,5 out of 5,HP churchill,"a very good, smooth smoke"
Hesitant Pirate,4 out of 5,Cigars were great and ship,Cigars were great and ship time better than last time
Hesitant Pirate,5 out of 5,Hesitant Pirate,"Great taste, better price."
Hesitant Pirate,3 out of 5,Good Flavor. Very poor burn and draw,"Great flavor , terrible burn . Won’t stay lit , almost like they were wet ! To bad I bought 2"
Hesitant Pirate,4 out of 5,Mighty Fine!,"For the most part a great inexpensive cigar. Got first two in PoBoy sampler. They were excellent for my taste which enjoys mild with good aroma. The bundle I ordered next had a couple that were so poorly made I couldn’t finish them. I’m thinking that inconsistency is to be expected with the bargain sticks. That said, the rest were delicious and more than compensated for the few that were not . For the price they are hard to beat!"
Hesitant Pirate,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"I've been buying Hesitant Pirate cigars from CI for years! It is a good, tasty, well burning cigar that I go back to again and again. AND - it's not super expensive. I would heartily recommend this cigar to anybody! Try a bundle and YOU'LL go back for more!"
Hesitant Pirate,4 out of 5,Surprising Good Smoke,A great smoke for a value price. Surprising mellow nice flavor.
Hesitant Pirate,4 out of 5,Delicious Cigars,"good quality, nice and delicious cigars. thanks."
Hesitant Pirate,5 out of 5,Great cigars,"Even though these are bargain sticks I found them to be great smokes. Good draw, smooth burn"
Hesitant Pirate,4 out of 5,entry level cigar,The price is reasonable. entry level cigar.
Hesitant Pirate,4 out of 5,Good tAste and price,Good tAste and price
Hesitant Pirate,5 out of 5,NICE SMOKER,"Pleasant taste,burns well,cheap price!!!!!,,A Trifecta."
Hesitant Pirate,4 out of 5,Good for a cheap smoke,Not a bad cigar for the price. Nice and mild.
Hesitant Pirate,5 out of 5,cheap smooth and light,"I!!! would be a Gold blessing to enjoy before walking off the plank , great cigar to hesitate with. Aargg!!!"
Hesitant Pirate,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"If you like a mild cigar, these are terrific. Great for evening and a drink outside on the patio!"
Hesitant Pirate,5 out of 5,Excellent service,My order was a gift. He was pleased and it came in a timely manner.
Hesitant Pirate,5 out of 5,Good,It was good
Hesitant Pirate,5 out of 5,Better cigar 4your dollar don't hesitate on the pirate or loose patients and smoke smoking one now a gordo from the Dominican grab bag sampler would recommended these are two months old still as good as the first,not bad real good their very smooth never harsh 7 of ten stars
Hesitant Pirate,4 out of 5,they burn good some of,they burn good some of the time.
Hesitant Pirate,4 out of 5,Hesitant Pirate Churchill,Good cigar for the sale price
Hesitant Pirate,5 out of 5,Hesitant Pirate,"Smooth, consistent, soft draw."
Hesitant Pirate,1 out of 5,Hesitant Pirate,Very poor. Half way through this bundle these cigars have not burnt well at all. I would call it canoeing where it is only burning half the cigar. Cannot send them back cause I have tried smoking them but I might have 8 left. Doubt that I will be returning as a customer because this is the 2nd time this has happened and there are many other in line cigar option to purchase.
Hesitant Pirate,4 out of 5,Good cheap cigar. A little,Good cheap cigar. A little too loose of a wrap. But nice taste
Hesitant Pirate,5 out of 5,This pirate knows a good smoke,"Lights easily nice clean burn smooth taste
Smokes well all the way thru"
Hesitant Pirate,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Originally Received this in a Po Boy Sampler pack - liked it. Nice draw - not harsh.
Hesitant Pirate,3 out of 5,Okay,Not bad not good just meh
Hesitant Pirate,2 out of 5,they are ok,they are ok
Hesitant Pirate,4 out of 5,mild smoke,A nice mild smoke that you can enjoy any time
Hesitant Pirate,4 out of 5,slick Pirate,smooth & mild
Hesitant Pirate,4 out of 5,Every day cigar.,"Burns well, good golfing cigar."
Hesitant Pirate,5 out of 5,A good cigar,This is a good cigar for the 1st time smoker.I enjoy smoking it.
Hesitant Pirate,4 out of 5,Good cigar at a great,Good cigar at a great price. Even better after being in my humidor for a few days
Hesitant Pirate,5 out of 5,Excellent everyday smoke,Excellent everyday smoke
Hesitant Pirate,4 out of 5,Take a chance!,"I am always searching for a better cheap cigar. So far, Hesitant Pirate is it. Smoke pretty even, taste is ok. For what you pay, you expect only a little, but get a lot."
Hesitant Pirate,5 out of 5,Nice Dog Walking Cigar,"The flavor is very mild but has some nutty taste to it. I get a half-hour to 45 minutes out of it depending on how aggressive I puff. It stays lit and it burns even. It was shipped well packed and humidified. the cigar stays together.
I totally recommend this cigar and honestly, I bought about 150 sticks from CI and this cigar holds its own with more expensive brands. My entire cigar experience with this company as a first time customer was FABULOSO......."
Hesitant Pirate,3 out of 5,Good except wrapper,"I like the mild flavor of this cigar. The draw was even for the most part, but the wrapper on every one I smoked was bad. It peeled off and cracked easily. BTW, the cigars went straight from shipping package to 70% humidor. They weren't left sitting out."
Hesitant Pirate,4 out of 5,These were a good everyday smoke.,"Mild, smooth, and great everyday smoke"
Hesitant Pirate,4 out of 5,Not a bad cigar,Not a bad cigar
Hesitant Pirate,5 out of 5,wonderful smoke,"Great cigar, easy smoke. Mild, I'm able to smoke the whole thing and not get nauseous. Normally don't smoke Churchill's but these are great!"
Hesitant Pirate,5 out of 5,Love the Pirates,Great golf course cigars
Hesitant Pirate,5 out of 5,Good cigars. Been smoking them,Good cigars. Been smoking them 4 years
Hesitant Pirate,5 out of 5,pirate churchill,"smooth, great every day smock"
Hesitant Pirate,5 out of 5,The Go To!,A VERY good cigar at a Great Price
Hesitant Pirate,5 out of 5,Hesitant Pirate Churchill's,I receive my cigars in a timely manner and were fresh and tasty as always. Thank You.
Hesitant Pirate,5 out of 5,excellent service and great price.,excellent service and great price.
Hesitant Pirate,4 out of 5,sail with the pirate,good smooth well constructed nice cheap cigar
Hesitant Pirate,3 out of 5,The Price of What a Cigar Should Be,"I've been enjoying cigars since the early 90's. Back then good smokes were very affordable. But then came the rage for them and prices skyrocketed. These stogies are definitely not the high end ones but are good for everyday around the house. A couple have been wrapped too tight but hey, it happens sometimes."
Hesitant Pirate,4 out of 5,Great value.,Good smoke especially for the money.
Hirochi Robaina Blue Maduro,5 out of 5,Impressed with HR,"I got a pack of 5 of the HR Blue toros as a CI promotional offering. I was very impressed with this cigar. Medium-full, peppery smoke with great ash and one of the best cigars I’ve smoked in recent memory. I smoked 4 out of 5 and I’m saving the last one for a special occasion. Looking forward to trying the other HR blends."
Hirochi Robaina Blue Maduro,3 out of 5,A strong taste!,"The start and the first part of this cigar was too strong and tough and i can't see how it is defined as medium . I had to wait until the mid of second part to start feeling a bit of smoothness then the end was very smooth when i start feeling the nice notes of spices and coffee. In general it is a good cigar. I could have bought the wrong size (Petite Edmundo Robusto) as perhaps the Gordo size could have given me more time and space to enjoy it. In the end, i would recomend all to try it as it is has some complexity and tatstes are different.
Over all a Good cigar"
Hirochi Robaina Claro,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar!,This is not your usual spicy Habano wrapped cigar. Very smooth solid medium flavor. If you enjoy other smooth Claro smokes you will love this one. One excellent smoke. Highly recommended!
Hirochi Robaina Claro,5 out of 5,Glad I tried them.,"This cigar is certainly among my favorites. I smoked 3 from a 5 pack and really enjoyed them. Flavor, aroma, construction and burn all excellent. I will buy more."
Hoyo Dark Sumatra,5 out of 5,Smooth and flavorful. Great cigar.,Smooth and flavorful. Great cigar.
Hoyo Dark Sumatra,5 out of 5,Much better than more expensive cigars,I am reluctant to share that I enjoy these much better than cigars costing 2X as much.
Hoyo Dark Sumatra,5 out of 5,Freshness and delivery,As always the freshness and the delivery of great
Hoyo de Monterrey,4 out of 5,Hoyo Sabrosos,"Very nice 1/2 hour smoke with good medium body flavor, consistent draw, consistency of manufacture, and at a good price. Great value."
Hoyo de Monterrey,5 out of 5,A superb blend of Tobatic,A superb blend of Tobatic bliss
Hoyo de Monterrey,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar!,"I didn’t know what to expect as I had never smoked one of these and I got one in a sampler. I was pleasantly surprised! Excellent draw, smoke, burn time, full-bodied flavors, and price. What more could you ask for? This would make for an excellent everyday cigar."
Hoyo de Monterrey,3 out of 5,It didn't do it for me. I am not sure why just something that I don't want to finish.,It's ok. Just not for me...
Hoyo de Monterrey,4 out of 5,Hoyo,"Good, but like Excalaber better."
Hoyo de Monterrey,5 out of 5,Smaoking the best,"Great aroma, great taste, excellent burn, in short, a great cigar."
Hoyo de Monterrey,5 out of 5,Positive Experience,"This cigar met my palate of medium to full flavor, drew evenly and well; no AM aftertaste. What’s not to like?"
Hoyo de Monterrey,4 out of 5,Good,Good
Hoyo de Monterrey,4 out of 5,good taste,these sticks burn nice and have great taste
Hoyo de Monterrey,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Hoyo de Monterrey,5 out of 5,Hoyo de Monterrey,Excellent cigar; excellent quality. Good service as always.
Hoyo de Monterrey,5 out of 5,Consistently GREAT quality,Consistently great cigar and cigar company
Hoyo de Monterrey,4 out of 5,Nice smoke,Nice smoke
Hoyo de Monterrey,4 out of 5,Sabroso,"Reasonably priced, consistent, every-day smoke. Perfect for the drive home from work."
Hoyo de Monterrey,3 out of 5,Ok,This is for the 5x40. Nothing special just a good 30ish min smoke. Good construction. I think the other wrapper is better
Hoyo de Monterrey,5 out of 5,One of finest cigars I’ve,One of finest cigars I’ve ever smoked. And then there’s the great price on top of it all
Hoyo de Monterrey,4 out of 5,Quick Smoke,"I’m always in the lookout for a quick smoke and this fits the bill. Well made, great burn and thick chewy smoke."
Hoyo de Monterrey,5 out of 5,Yum,What a fine little smoke
Hoyo de Monterrey,5 out of 5,Sultans,"Always consistent, well stuyctured. Medium bodied and.flavorful. Very dependable cigar!!"
Hoyo de Monterrey,4 out of 5,"Very good flavor, nice for","Very good flavor, nice for 1/2 hour smoke"
Hoyo de Monterrey,5 out of 5,Nice,Great cigar for the money. I like to keep some of these in my humidor all the time.
Hoyo de Monterrey,3 out of 5,I bought for my husband he said they were ok,i will be looking for other brands some of the cigar weren't fresh which was disappointing
Hoyo de Monterrey,5 out of 5,Hoyo de Monterrey Sabrosos,"Excellent construction with smooth balanced draw, medium full body, a rich flavorful Honduran with no bitter bite at the perfect size."
Hoyo de Monterrey,5 out of 5,Very satisfied,"I recently purchased a box of Hoyo de Monterey cigars from Cigar International. Over the years I have tried some of the best cigars on the market yet always shunned the Hoyo brand for some reason. Based on my experience with other full bodied brands I decided to give them a try. Wow! What a great cigar! They are well made, burn nicely and smell great. In fact, I think they have one of the best aromas of any cigar next to a very aromatic Connecticut cigar. The Sumatra wrapper is beautiful and it gets a nice oily sheen during the burn. They taste great from the light up to the nub. Don't expect me to go into all that nonsense of tasting like pepper, chocolate, leather, spice and earth. They taste like great tobacco. You won't disappointed with these cigars. Hoyo de Monterey is one of my new favorites and there are very few of those."
Hoyo de Monterrey,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Hoyo de Monterrey,4 out of 5,Very good cigar. Stays lit.,Very good cigar. Stays lit. long ash.
Hoyo de Monterrey,3 out of 5,Rate,The cigars were generally dry and didnt smoke particularly well
Hoyo de Monterrey,5 out of 5,Cigars,Great. Arrived on time and which is important when you're talking about buying cigars
Hoyo de Monterrey,4 out of 5,"Smooth Smoke, Great for Riding tractor and yard work!","Better than most with reasonable price for working man, Not my sit down Smoke of Choice."
Hoyo de Monterrey,5 out of 5,The smoke that never disappoint's!,Hoyo de Monterrey Churchill is the perfect everyday cigar.
Hoyo de Monterrey,5 out of 5,Great cigar at a great price!,What more can you ask for than quick delivery on a fantastic cigar at a great price
Hoyo de Monterrey,5 out of 5,Hoyo Rothschild,"Great medium sized cigar! Always has consistent burn, draw and flavor.
Gokartroger"
Hoyo de Monterrey,3 out of 5,Didn’t meet expectations,"Heard Michael Jordan smoked these enroute to every home game, so thought I needed to try. Bought a box, but the first one was more bland than expected. A bit tough on the draw and flavors just weren’t outspoken. So I’m shelving the rest for some aging and hope for a better experience next year."
Hoyo de Monterrey,5 out of 5,Always a perfect smoke!,Hoyo de Monterrey Governors has been my go to smoke for many many years. Never disappointed. Great if you are having company and your the supplier for the evening!
Hoyo de Monterrey,5 out of 5,Smoke em if you got em,A really good smoke. Great flavor and structure at a good price.
Hoyo de Monterrey,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Got the 5x40 good burn smooth smoking easy30-40 min smoke
Hoyo de Monterrey,5 out of 5,5 star,My everyday go to Cigar. Great cigar in a great price.
Hoyo de Monterrey,5 out of 5,Four decades of cigar pleasure.,"I started smoking the Hoyo de Monterrey Double Corona forty (40) years ago. No matter what else I smoke, no matter how good the others are, I ALWAYS come back to the Hoyo Double Coronas. Smooth draw, rich, full, but not overpowering taste, no burn on the tongue, beautiful burn.......for me, everything is right about this cigar. It's amazing how consistent they have been in quality and taste over the last forty years. I'd be lost without them, and every other smoke I enjoy I compare to them."
Hoyo de Monterrey,5 out of 5,Good Smoke,"Came back to these a while back, after trying several other sticks. Good construction, good burn, good flavor. My house smells like someone's grandfather has been in there, and then I remember, he has!"
Hoyo de Monterrey,5 out of 5,Why Change?,"These used to be my regular smokes, but then I thought I'd branch out and try some other smokes. Back to these, and I think they'll remain my go-to stick."
Hoyo de Monterrey,5 out of 5,Churchill really good cigar,Very good cigar. Saving for special occasions.
Hoyo de Monterrey,5 out of 5,Hoyo de Monterrey Governors,"Excellent cigar, aromatic and tasty."
Hoyo de Monterrey,5 out of 5,Hoyo Rothschild maduro,"Great dependable tasty go-to smoke. Always the same full body w/high volume of smoke per puff. No holes (seen many lately regardless of brand),Good burn w/a light grey almost white ash that hangs. Construction,flavor and burn it's got everything I seek in a smoke. I buy these w/o question."
Hoyo de Monterrey,5 out of 5,Hoyo de Monterrey Sabrosos vs Rothchilds,Just bought some Sabrosos. They smoke a little hotter than the Rothchilds because of the smaller ring size. I'm going to stick to the Rothchilds which smoke a little smoother..
Hoyo de Monterrey,5 out of 5,Very nice,Best way to describe it.... If you've ever had a Bolivar Maduro... It's like that only full flavor.. Very VERY GOOD
Hoyo de Monterrey,4 out of 5,Alright Cigar,There are good cigars. Will buy more when the time comes.
Hoyo de Monterrey,3 out of 5,I got theones that were,I got theones that were stronger than the ones I like.But I still like HOyo cigars
Hoyo de Monterrey,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,"I like med body cigars. This is just right. It says full, but I think it is milder than the fulls I've smoked in the past. I love Hoyo cigars!"
Hoyo de Monterrey,5 out of 5,Hoyo de Monterrey,Great smoke good burn and draw in every cigar
Hoyo de Monterrey,5 out of 5,My Old Standby,My standard for evaluating other cigars and yet to be surpassed in over 10 years of enjoying the Hoyo
Hoyo de Monterrey Epicure Seleccion,5 out of 5,NICE BURN!!!,The taste and smell is nice it's a great smoke burn well
Hoyo de Monterrey Excalibur Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Hoyo de Monterrey Excalibur Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Favorite brand😁,Favorite brand😁
Hoyo de Monterrey Excalibur Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great flavor,"If you want a quick couple of HM draws , this cigarrillo is for you."
Hoyo de Monterrey Excalibur Cigarillos,5 out of 5,excelent cigars,excelent cigars
Hoyo de Monterrey Excalibur Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Hoya cigarillos,They roll them many too tightly now or I would give them a five. Can hardly draw air through them sometimes.
Hoyo de Monterrey Excalibur Cigarillos,5 out of 5,excellent smoke!,Excellent smoke!
Hoyo de Monterrey Excalibur Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Perfect for quick smoke,Perfect for quick smoke
Hoyo de Monterrey Excalibur Cigarillos,5 out of 5,This is a great product,This is a great product will order again.
Hoyo de Monterrey Excalibur Cigarillos,5 out of 5,One of the best cigarillos,Takes its place at the very tippy top of the list of best cigarillos
Hoyo de Monterrey Excalibur Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Very very good,Very very good
Hoyo de Monterrey Excalibur Cigarillos,5 out of 5,best in town,best little cigarillos in town. great service
Hoyo de Monterrey Excalibur Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Perfect size,Great smell- not over powering!
Hoyo de Monterrey Excalibur Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Excalibur Cigarillos,"Been smoking these for years. CI has the best prices and deals. Love the new look, new packaging. They are a short smoke but very tasty."
Hoyo de Monterrey Excalibur Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great little pick me up when I don’t have time for a bigger stick..,"Gotta be honest here.. At least 3 to 5 cigars are damaged when I get them. No fault of CI, but the manufacturer needs to have better product control.."
Hoyo de Monterrey Excalibur Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great Little Smoke,Great smoke for those times when you ain't got much time but want quality flavor nonetheless.
Hoyo de Monterrey Excalibur Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Best — all I smoke,"These are absolutely delicious— only cigarillos I’ll smoke. No other cigarillo even comes close. But MOST important is this — these came quick and we’re perfectly fresh and NOT STALE. Believe it or not, getting stale ones was extremely common at other vendors — order here only ****"
Hoyo de Monterrey Excalibur Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great little cigar. Perfect for,Great little cigar. Perfect for a quick smoke.
Hoyo de Monterrey Excalibur Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Perfect for walking the dog.,Perfect for walking the dog. A quality product from a quality brand
Hoyo de Monterrey Excalibur Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great small smoke,Great flavor and perfect for that 15-20 quick fix.
Hoyo de Monterrey Excalibur Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Perfect everyday smoke,"I love these things. They have great flavor. I smoke them whenever I can. And because they only take about ten minutes, I can smoke them often. They don't taste machine made. They taste more like a hand rolled cigar. Great to share, too. Five stars!"
Hoyo de Monterrey Excalibur Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great.....,"I bought them for my husband as a Christmas present. He really likes them. He doesn't want more than one a day, but they sure did fit the bill."
Hoyo de Monterrey Excalibur Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Always a good cigar!!,Goto has a rich taste to it. Thanks for taking care of the orders and shipments to me all year. Happy Holiday!
Hoyo de Monterrey Excalibur Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great Cigarillos,Been smoking them for years...nothing better!
Hoyo de Monterrey Excalibur Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Good Little Smoke,"If you ae looking for a quick fix when you don't have enough time for a regular size cigar this is my choice. With lots of earthy flavor and a bit of a punch this is the cigar for you, I have been smoking these little cigars for years and find them very enjoyable and full of spice and pepper."
Hoyo de Monterrey Excalibur Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Hoyo Monterey,Flavor is robust and last just the right amount of time for my satisfaction.
Hoyo de Monterrey Excalibur Cigarillos,5 out of 5,great,great
Hoyo de Monterrey Excalibur Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Was really surprised as to,Was really surprised as to how tasteful these were!! Will purchase again!
Hoyo de Monterrey Excalibur Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Excellent quality and fast shipping.,Excellent quality and fast shipping.
Hoyo de Monterrey Excalibur Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great smoke! I really enjoy,Great smoke! I really enjoy these
Hoyo de Monterrey Excalibur Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Always great cigars and fast,Always great cigars and fast delivery
Hoyo de Monterrey Excalibur Cigarillos,5 out of 5,My wife's favorite.Good little smoke.,My wife's favorite.Good little smoke.
Hoyo de Monterrey Excalibur Cigarillos,5 out of 5,I love this cigarillos,I love this cigarillos
Hoyo de Monterrey Excalibur Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth taste
Hoyo de Monterrey Excalibur Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Best Bitties,I’ve smoked these for years and always have them around for those times when you only have a 10-15 minute break and don’t want to light a toro or Churchill size.
Hoyo de Monterrey Excalibur Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Smokies,Great small smoke! Lasts just the right time
Hoyo de Monterrey Excalibur Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Satisfied,"Easy ordering, prompt delivery"
Hoyo de Monterrey Excalibur Cigarillos,5 out of 5,great little smoke,i'd call it a smooth medium bodied little cigar.great for a quick one
Hoyo de Monterrey Excalibur Cigarillos,5 out of 5,I love this cigarillos,I love this cigarillos
Hoyo de Monterrey Excalibur Cigarillos,3 out of 5,Not the same as they once were...,"When I wanted a quick, but relaxing smoke I would choose these or one of the other popular brands. The Hoya seem to lack the flavor that I remember, a rather bland unimpressive smoke. I would use these on a 15-20 minute relaxing drive home. After I finish these, just going to pack a real cigar and continue to smoke once I get home. Kind of disappointing from an old memory."
Hoyo de Monterrey Excalibur Cigarillos,5 out of 5,"Really good... easy to smoke,","Really good... easy to smoke, I feel like it’s nice to not have to feel like I need 2 hours to dedicate when I lite it. I can just lite it whenever and enjoy it."
Hoyo de Monterrey Excalibur Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great service,Great service
Hoyo de Monterrey Excalibur Cigarillos,2 out of 5,Did the Manufacturer move?,"This is not the same cigar it used to be. The wrapper looks like a filler leaf instead of the Connecticut it used to be. And the wrapper unravels on almost every stick, which makes smoking and driving somewhat risky. Tell them to go back to what they had!!!"
Hoyo de Monterrey Excalibur Cigarillos,3 out of 5,stale,dry brittle stale - falling apart
Hoyo de Monterrey Excalibur Cigarillos,3 out of 5,Great smokes,Great smokes and the online transaction was good. Only problem is the military discount offered at the store cannot be applied online. I go to the Hamburg store often but I also deploy a lot and getting the discount while in Afghanistan would be sweet. Most other sites offer the military discount online.
Hoyo de Monterrey Excalibur Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great little cigar,Very nice stick!
Hoyo de Monterrey Excalibur Cigarillos,4 out of 5,In a pinch!,Great tasting little cigar to have around for work breaks. It’s small in stature and big on taste.
Hoyo de Monterrey Excalibur Cigarillos,5 out of 5,"great cigar, taste and aroma","great cigar, taste and aroma is excellent"
Hoyo de Monterrey Excalibur Cigarillos,5 out of 5,COCKTAIL DELIGHT,enjoyed with cocktails every evening.
Hoyo de Monterrey Excalibur Cigarillos,3 out of 5,Quickie,"to small to not burn hot, but first couple puffs are nice, great for a quickie"
Hoyo de Monterrey Excalibur Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Good deal,These are cheaper than buying at the cigar store and arrive in a couple of days
Hoyo de Tradicion,5 out of 5,Who needs a Cristo or Ashton ???,Top Notch Cigar at a Great Price ! One of my favorites !
Hoyo de Tradicion,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Great Cigar at a great price . If you like Cristos and Ashtons you'll love these less the big price .
Hoyo de Tradicion,5 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
Hoyo de Tradicion,5 out of 5,Good product for the price,Good product for the price
Hoyo de Tradicion,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar,Excellent cigar from an iconic manufacturer at a fair price from CI. Great taste and flavor. Good to the last draw.
Hoyo de Tradicion,4 out of 5,Good weeend smoke. Easy draw.,Good weeend smoke. Easy draw.
Hoyo de Tradicion,5 out of 5,Great Flavor,"Great flavor, great burning time. My favorite at this time."
Hoyo de Tradicion,4 out of 5,Hoyo's,A great consistent smoke.
Hoyo de Tradicion,5 out of 5,Golf cigar,"I smoke them while playing golf, they stay lit,they burn even and give me a great taste on the corse!"
Hoyo de Tradicion,4 out of 5,Hoyo Tradicion,Have purchased two boxes of these in the last couple months and had problems with the cap roll. About 1/3 of each box the cap came unraveled when I cut the cap to smoke. One box was maintained at 70/70 and the other was 65/70 but same result with both boxes.
Hoyo de Tradicion,5 out of 5,I love these. One of my faves,"Great taste and draw. Medium body and strength. Very consistent, I’ve never had a bad one."
Hoyo de Tradicion,5 out of 5,I enjoy it very much,I enjoy it very much
Hoyo de Tradicion,5 out of 5,excelent!!,excelent!!
Hoyo de Tradicion,5 out of 5,Hoyo Traditione,"Best smoke in the Hoyo
brand."
Hoyo de Tradicion,5 out of 5,A really great affordable smoke!,A very rich and mellow medium body with notes of cocoa and cream over a solid tobacco core. Love 'em in the morning with coffee. Will keep a stock on hand.
Hoyo de Tradicion,5 out of 5,Hoyo de Tradicion Toro,"Smoked them a few years back and was ready for another try. They're as good as I remember. Box pressed, vein free wrapper with a perfect draw. Expect flavors of nut, leather, spice and pepper. The flavor is consistent right down to the nub!"
Hoyo de Tradicion,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Can't beat the price nor the stick
Hoyo de Tradicion,5 out of 5,mr.,Great cigars at great prices
Hoyo de Tradicion,5 out of 5,Hoyo de Tradicion Epicure,Very good cigar.
Hoyo de Tradicion,4 out of 5,Smooth smoke,Pairs well with spicy Bulleit bourbon. Neither overpowers the other. Should also go well with Eagle Reserve or maybe MM for a sweeter enjoyment.
Hoyo de Tradicion,5 out of 5,exelent,exelent
Hoyo de Tradicion,5 out of 5,A smoothe smoke!,Always enjoyable.
Hoyo de Tradicion,5 out of 5,Hoyo de Tradicion Toro,Very good cigar.
Hoyo de Tradicion,5 out of 5,Gooood,Gooood
Hoyo de Tradicion,5 out of 5,Tradicion Epicure,the Tradicion epicure is one of my favorite cigars
Hoyo ICON,5 out of 5,Very enjoyable,"My favorite taste profile is Nicaraguan Oscuro. I do like some variety. I like cigars with some Costa Rican filler; the HC series Habano Colorado for example. I have only smoked two of these today after they arrived. Good draw with an even burn. One of the cigars had no issues. The other looked like there might be a fragile wrapper issue but I smoked it without unraveling. The flavor reminded me of a Cuban cigar which is also my opinion of the HC series Habano Colorado. I don't like really strong cigars and this one was quite acceptable. I don't use a lot of descriptive terms for taste. I either like the taste or I don't. I also smoke fast and this is a 1/2 hour smoke for me. I am a bargain smoker; good cigars, reasonable price. I will likely buy another box of these when they are on a great special again"
Hoyo ICON,5 out of 5,Second one I tried was good,".Did not like the first one right out of the box. I put them in my 70rh humidor vs the 65rh and the second one I had was good. Here are my notes: medium, good smoke output, great burn & construction, 1/3 long peppery finish, nuts, coffee cream, leather, swetness on retro h. 2/3 pepper dies down still in the background, nuts, cedar, coffee cream ."
Hoyo ICON,4 out of 5,Simple,Simple mellow and smooth.
Hoyo ICON,3 out of 5,Was okay,Was okay
Hoyo ICON,5 out of 5,Excellent construction and taste,The best new cigar of 2020. Thoroughly enjoyed from light to nub
Hoyo ICON,4 out of 5,Hoya Robusto,Nice mellow cigar. Two friends of mine and I enjoyed on the golf course.
Hoyo ICON,4 out of 5,Ok stick,Toast and spice. Not much to it.
Hoyo La Amistad Black,4 out of 5,A good smoke,A good smoke
Hoyo La Amistad Black,5 out of 5,Another beauty by AJ,Aces across the board. AJ Fernandez is a master of his craft.
Hoyo La Amistad Black,4 out of 5,Yummy,"I got mostly creamy coffee notes mild nutty saltiness. Also some like cedar notes with a mild mouth pepper. Stays creamy with a sweet tobacco flavor further in smoke. Some pepper flavor on retrohale. Solid construction great ash, this is really good cigar."
Hoyo La Amistad Black,5 out of 5,Nice burn love the flavors,Nice burn love the flavors that breath through out the entirety of the cigar
Hoyo La Amistad Black,5 out of 5,Don't Be Sill - Buy This Cigar Now,My first ever is literally still burning and I came here to order. Saw the option to review and wanted to help a brother out. Super smooth. Good pull AJ is the GOAT.
Hoyo La Amistad Black,5 out of 5,"Fuller body, nice draw even","Fuller body, nice draw even burn. Smooth w cocoa and nutty tase hints"
Hoyo La Amistad Black,5 out of 5,Excellent to the very end!,"Full-bodied, to be sure. I don't do ""flavors"" but the initial peppery kick in this cigar is something I enjoy. The smoke coming off the burning cigar is also very pleasant. Perfect draw, even burn, 2nd third flavor smoothed out but was still full-bodied. In the last third the pepper showed up again; a nice surprise. No bitter ending; a real finger burner. A box purchase is tempting."
Hoyo La Amistad Black,5 out of 5,My go to smoke. Great,My go to smoke. Great cigar !
Hoyo La Amistad Black,5 out of 5,Outstanding,"AJ knocked it out of the park with these. They're very well made and gorgeous looking cigars. They're loaded with delicious spicy flavors from the foot to the nub. Nice even burn and a great draw. Best Hoyo's I've ever smoked. La Amistad Black and the regular La Amistad. World class all the way. The Silver didn't do much for me, but it was still a notch or 6 above regular Hoyo's. AJ is the KING!!!!!!!!!"
Hoyo La Amistad Black,5 out of 5,Another AJ Hoyo Winner,"Very smooth right from the start. Rich flavors of cocoa & leather. Very little hint of pepper/spice. Nice draw & creamy smoke. Settles right in for a relaxing experience. Not to be rushed as it’s full bodied at its finest. A definite winner and addition to my humidor.
The box pressed black wrapper has a wonderful texture and invites one to linger and savor the evolution of tastes as it smokes down. It burned evenly, requiring no touch ups or relights. The flavors intensify in the final third but never got hot on the tongue or bitter. So, take your time and enjoy the trip."
Hoyo La Amistad Black,4 out of 5,"It's an AJ, try it.","A really nice, rich cigar. Draw was slightly tighter than I'd like. But otherwise, just a rich flavor. It's an AJ. Good, short smoke."
Hoyo La Amistad Black,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Hoyo La Amistad Black,5 out of 5,Hoyo and AJ have done it again!,"Fantastic stick! Great construction, very complex flavors of cocoa , coffee some leather and peppers. It hits the spot ! Highly recommend trying one of these AJ beauties ."
Hoyo La Amistad Dark Sumatra,4 out of 5,Great flavor. Love AJ Fernandez,"Great flavor.
Love AJ Fernandez blends"
Hoyo La Amistad Dark Sumatra,3 out of 5,Good cigar but not a replacement for the original,"Definitely not a replacement for Hoyo de Monterrey Dark Sumatra which was one of my favorite cigars. Total different favor profile....this cigar is well made and is a good cigar, but if your buying this hoping its going to be like the original blend. Your going to be disappointed. Buy this if you want to try a good full bodied cigar."
Hoyo La Amistad Dark Sumatra,4 out of 5,La Amistad by AJF,"Like always, I really like AJ's cigars. Smooth and slow burning, it's a tasty smoke, with touches of earth and pepper. Not as full bodied as expected, but one I'd buy again."
Hoyo La Amistad Dark Sumatra,5 out of 5,"Quite simply, incredible.","Despite what the description says (“same recipe”), this is a completely different stick from the Honduran original. In AJ’s hands, we now have a full flavored, full bodied, complex gem of a cigar. I can’t recommend this highly enough."
Hoyo La Amistad Gold,4 out of 5,Smooth,Nice stick with a clean draw. A go to stick
Hoyo La Amistad Gold,4 out of 5,Great cigar for a great,Great cigar for a great price
Hoyo La Amistad Gold,5 out of 5,"Great smoke, Great price!","This cigar has quickly become a top 5 favorite me. I like a strength level 4 of 5 typically and this satisfies my taste. The beginning 50% of this cigar is my favorite part. I started buying this cigar regularly after the first one that I enjoyed. Highly recommended!
CI did a great job on price and a speedy delivery!"
Hoyo La Amistad Gold,4 out of 5,Really solid,Really solid !!!
Hoyo La Amistad Gold,5 out of 5,Awesome cigar...,"Great flavor, easy draw and smooth."
Hoyo La Amistad Gold,4 out of 5,Fine tobacco,"Got a 5 pack, excellent smoke. I'll be watch for these to go on sale."
Hoyo La Amistad Gold,5 out of 5,Best cigar,This cigar has the best construction of any cigar I’ve smoked I buy them by the box and have never had one that was to tightly rolled or started to unrivaled. I love this cigar
Hoyo La Amistad Gold,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,Excellent cigar
Hoyo La Amistad Gold,4 out of 5,Good smoke. A little on,"Good smoke. A little on the mild side, but satisfying."
Hoyo La Amistad Gold,5 out of 5,Very Impressed,"I reluctantly bought these, but I’m sure glad I did! It started off meaty and stayed that way throughout. I didn’t want to let it go, almost burning my fingertips. I will definitely purchase again."
Hoyo La Amistad Gold,5 out of 5,Good Smoke,"Burned well, fresh and good taste."
Hoyo La Amistad Gold,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Hoyo La Amistad Gold,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,"I just enjoy any cigar that has the name, "" AJ Fermandez"". You just know you are getting a great cigar. I will always buy more. Wonder smooth, mild, from start to finish."
Hoyo La Amistad Gold,4 out of 5,A nice smooth med.bodied cigar.,A nice smooth med.bodied cigar. A nice gentle draw very enjoyable.
Hoyo La Amistad Gold,5 out of 5,Great smoke,A++++
Hoyo La Amistad Gold,5 out of 5,Hoyo La Amistad,"It seems like I’m smoking a lot of cigars by AJ Fernandez lately and there’s a reason for it: AJ might be the best cigar maker around. Like everything he makes,this one is absolutely delicious. The wrapper is gorgeous,the draw perfect,and the burn razor sharp. Smooth and powerful,it’s full of flavor,with leather,fruit and a hint of nuts. By far one favorites from this talented gentleman. Absolutely love it."
Hoyo La Amistad Gold,5 out of 5,excellant,excellant
Hoyo La Amistad Gold,5 out of 5,HOYO,"Very nice cigar.....I'm an AJ fan, and this is another good one! Burn and draw are good...enjoyable smoke!"
Hoyo La Amistad Gold,3 out of 5,ok,they are ok
Hoyo La Amistad Gold,4 out of 5,Hoya Amistad,Great smoke..like AJ Fernandez products very much.
Hoyo La Amistad Gold,4 out of 5,Great.,Great flavor great burn
Hoyo La Amistad Gold,5 out of 5,"Very good, for daily smoke","Very good, for daily smoke 👍😎"
Hoyo La Amistad Gold,4 out of 5,Hoyo,I really like these cigars. They are the right blend and they are strong enough to satisfy my taste.
Hoyo La Amistad Gold,5 out of 5,AJ does it again.,Great smoke from a great blender!
Hoyo La Amistad Gold,5 out of 5,AJ is the Man,"Really nice smoke, delivers a nice sweet and spicy taste, not to strong, but just right. Great to sit down with a nice glass of bourbon and enjoy a great smoke. I'll buy again."
Hoyo La Amistad Gold,4 out of 5,prwtty good!,"I gave this cigar a 5 only because its not my facorite blend from an fernandez its still great, burns very well has that spice that is signature in ajs blends."
Hoyo La Amistad Gold,5 out of 5,Viva La Amistad! Viva AJ Fernandez,"Yet another victory for A.J. Fernandez. Great construction, great draw, great blend, great thinking!"
Hoyo La Amistad Gold,5 out of 5,Robusto Hoya /AJFCIGARS,Med to full. Perfect draw burn & flavor. Power packed...
Hoyo La Amistad Gold,5 out of 5,Jay Pearland,Very good flavor. One of my favorite short cigars
Hoyo La Amistad Gold,5 out of 5,great cigar,excellent cigar and great deal
Hoyo La Amistad Gold,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Hoyo La Amistad Gold,4 out of 5,"Steady, as always",No more consistent maker IMO than Hoyo (with the exception of Padron). Did not disappoint
Hoyo La Amistad Gold,5 out of 5,"Good Taste, good draw nice","Good Taste, good draw nice cigar for the price. Needs relighting on the second half sometimes."
Hoyo La Amistad Gold,4 out of 5,"Very nice draw, nice flavors.","Very nice draw, nice flavors. Would recommend to anyone."
Hoyo La Amistad Gold,5 out of 5,AJ Fernandez hit it with,"AJ Fernandez hit it with this one! Smooth till you hit the end, then you get a good kick! Great smoke!"
Hoyo La Amistad Gold,4 out of 5,Hoyo amistad,Great cigar this is my 2nd box
Hoyo La Amistad Gold,4 out of 5,Good stick,"Flavor wasn't quite there for me, but it was well constructed and burnt evenly. Not for the feint of heart, these puppies kick like a mule!"
Hoyo La Amistad Gold,5 out of 5,Very good,Very good
Hoyo La Amistad Gold,4 out of 5,Old school flavor,"Nice blend, reminds me of old Cubans."
Hoyo La Amistad Gold,4 out of 5,AJF HOYO,A very good cigar for a medium to full body... I'll keep some of these in my humidor👍🏽👍🏽👍🏽
Hoyo La Amistad Gold,3 out of 5,Fuller bodied than expected. Well,"Fuller bodied than expected. Well constructed, but lacked complexity with regards to flavor"
Hoyo La Amistad Gold,3 out of 5,Good cigar for the price,Good cigar for the price
Hoyo La Amistad Gold,5 out of 5,"New enthusiast, but this cigar is legit","Favorite cigar so far! I'm new to the cigar world, but loved this cigar! Will buy again!"
Hoyo La Amistad Gold,2 out of 5,I would like more complexity in flavor,"Not very complex in flavor, and made me a little lite headed. I would not recommend"
Hoyo La Amistad Gold,5 out of 5,Hoyo,Great stick. An even burn with a kick
Hoyo La Amistad Gold,5 out of 5,Get these before they are gone,A cigar by AJ Fernandez at this price you should run to buy it. Great flavor and great body. A 5 pack of these will not cut it.
Hoyo La Amistad Gold,5 out of 5,Stupid!!!,A “stupid” & wonderful smoke at any price!!...& the price is wonderful 2!!!
Hoyo La Amistad Gold,5 out of 5,Great smoke !!!,Great smoke!!!
Hoyo La Amistad Gold,5 out of 5,Hoyo La Amistad,"Fantastic smoke!! Love Hoyo's and it is even better that the blend was done by AJ Fernandez. For a great smoke, you must try these."
Hoyo La Amistad Gold,4 out of 5,Nice mediun bodied smoke,The wrapper was light and smooth. The draw was steady and the flavor was lightly sweet with good smoke and a good burn.
Hoyo La Amistad Silver,3 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
Hoyo La Amistad Silver,5 out of 5,La Amistad Silver,Smooth stick for dark rolled cigar. Pleasant to smoke after dinner with a drink. Another AJ delight.
Hoyo La Amistad Silver,5 out of 5,Silver smooth,"Light and Smooth burning smoke, pleasant aroma. Great for smoking in the evening after work."
Hoyo La Amistad Silver,4 out of 5,very enjoyable,very enjoyable
Hoyo La Amistad Silver,4 out of 5,Hoyo,Tried this cigar from a sample bundle I ordered. Has a great taste throughout.
Hoyo La Amistad Silver,4 out of 5,Pretty good,Really enjoyed these especially for the price. I will be buying another box next order
Hoyo La Amistad Silver,5 out of 5,Classic Habano,Rich well balanced flavors of dark chocolate and cedar. This is another A.J. Fernandez mastery with great construction and a balanced full body. Just a wonderful experience!!!
Hoyo La Amistad Silver,5 out of 5,Hoyo La Amistad Silver Robusto,"Another homerun for AJF. Not as powerful as its big brother (Gold) but just as satisfying. Rich and smooth with touches of spice and cocoa,it’s an excellent cigar. AJ is operating on another level. Can’t wait to see what’s next"
Hoyo La Amistad Silver,4 out of 5,Fine Cigar,"I've come to find that I like most every cigar made by AJ Fernandez, and this one is no exception. I've noticed a consistent burn that develops a nice long ash, and I've yet to have one that's been rolled too tight. I prefer the Silver as I lean toward more full-bodied cigars. Not sure about the hints of leather and chocolate - I think it takes like a fine cigar."
Hoyo La Amistad Silver,5 out of 5,Great as usual,"Deep dark and dusky, as only AJ can do it"
Hoyo La Amistad Silver,1 out of 5,Hoyo La Amistad Silver Robusto,Typical cheap cigar taste. They all seem to have the same (you're smoking a pile of dirt taste). I'm pretty sure I can't smoke anything but Oliva anymore.
Hoyo La Amistad Silver,5 out of 5,No Joke,This is a great cigar front to back. So consistent and even burning!
Hoyo La Amistad Silver,5 out of 5,Hoyo Silver is Magnifico!,"Great burn, smoke & most of all, a ever changing taste profile. Five stars all the way."
Hoyo La Amistad Silver,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Hoyo La Amistad Silver,4 out of 5,Hailboy!,Spicey pepper taste throughout
Hoyo La Amistad Silver,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,The first couple out of the box were missing the mark. After two weeks in the humidor they are BLAZING Beautifully! The last three I smoked have required zero touch ups. Rich and consistent flavors of powdered cacao and that signature Nicaraguan spice reign throughout. Just watch the bands they are glued on a little too well. I would wait to take them off until the burn line is almost touching them. I have always found this to be the case with both the Hoya Silver and Gold lines. Not a major issue. It just requires a little more work to remove them at times. I WILL buy another box soon.
Hoyo La Amistad Silver,2 out of 5,Strong,Very strong cigar
Hoyo La Amistad Silver,5 out of 5,La Amistad Silver just keeps on trucking on Umph,Wow; another hit from AJ! Took awhile for 1st batch to get to our area but worth the wait for true Habano lovers. The 1st silver a smoked was full bodied with ample smoke yielding a dark grey ash that holds. Wrapper is a satin dark brown with a reddish hue. Cigar is very full flavor and strong. Full of spice and slow and cool burning. I didn't experience the same un-complex flavor that some all Habano Cigars produce. Superb If your a Habano lover
Hoyo La Amistad Silver,4 out of 5,Coastal musings,Another excellent cigar from AJ. Spicy but smooth. Perfect construction and burn. You cannot go wrong with this one!
Illusione Candela,5 out of 5,Green and Grassy,Very grassy flavor. Unique to say the least. The flavor gets better on the last third.
Illusione Candela,5 out of 5,Perfect,"TrueType a great example of a double claro cigar. Aging in my humidor since 2011, the cigar provided a perfect burn along with exhibiting the finer aspects of this type of wrapper. A clean vegetal and tobacco flavored experience was provided."
Illusione Candela,3 out of 5,Most of them smoked like I tryed to roll them.,"Save some frustration and money, go with La Flor Dominican Double Claro ---all over better!
The poor Illusione had great flavor, but awful construction."
Illusione Candela,4 out of 5,Taste Like Green Tea,"This is a nice smoke, if you want something mellow with a simple flavor profile. This cigar taste like I'm having a big cup of green tea. The green tea flavor profile is so strong, that if there are other nuisances to this cigars my palate doesn't recognize them. Since this is an extremely acquired taste, I'd recommend buying this in small quantities to see if you like it."
Illusione Candela,4 out of 5,Exactly what a double claro should be.,"Excellent cigar. This is what a true double claro is supposed to be. Very mild body with slightly sweet flavors of grass, green tea and cane. So many candelas taste like burning grass and front lawn leaves that they give candelas a bad reputation. This one hits it right out of the park. Other than the slightly uneven burning, these are a fantastic stick. If you want to try a true double claro, these are one of the sticks you should start with. If they would burn more even, I'd give it 5 stars. But definitely worth 5 stars for flavor alone."
Illusione Epernay Serie 2009,5 out of 5,illusione,Always the best.Period.
Illusione Epernay Serie 2009,4 out of 5,Top notch,Great smoke!
Illusione Epernay Serie 2009,3 out of 5,Superb Handmade cigars,Excellent smooth flavorful smoke medium body well made perfect draw. great cigar!
Illusione Fume D'Amour,5 out of 5,Fast delivery...,Great price and easy/peazi...
Illusione Fume D'Amour,4 out of 5,Medium complexity-medium + in strength.,Medium complexity-medium + in strength. Typical Aganorsa profile toned down abit. Excellent construction and burn. Of 5 each of 4 vitolas I thought the Robusto the most balanced.
Illusione Fume D'Amour,5 out of 5,Sensational. A Cigar For Just About Everyone.,"This cigar just ticks all the boxes for me. What I love about this cigar is despite its total lack of ligero, the cigar still manages a creamy, medium-full body and luxurious mouthfeel. Especially when it first came out, it seemed like every new cigar was trying to up the ante in terms of body and strength. And while it has enough oomph to appeal to fans of those cigars, it has a ton of finesse and balance. The flavor, which is more on the nut and honey side of Nicaraguan tobacco than the earth and spice side, just builds and builds. By the final 3rd, it's definitely full-flavored. Throw in the corona gorda size (I also love the robusto, 6.5x48 and lancero versions), which is perfect for me, and it's just everything I want in a stick."
Illusione Fume D'Amour,5 out of 5,Excellent service and product,I’ve been ordering for CI for a long time and I’ve never been disappointed with the service nor the product!
Illusione Garagiste,5 out of 5,SMOKE THIS CIGAR! Or miss out on an amazing smoke!,"I am fortunate enough to live close to ""Fumare"", the Illusione flagship cigar store in Reno, NV, so I've had most of the cigars of the brand. Garagiste is unsurpassed, for my taste. These are great cigars at any price. If you haven't tried them, you MUST.
I still smoke other cigars (not one to settle for one brand, and certainly not one style in a brand), but Illusione has been my mainstay for the last 2 years since discovering them/Fumare, and Garagiste is my favorite in the Illusione cigar line."
Illusione Gigantes,4 out of 5,Nice stogie!,"Got 1 in a sampler awhile back, and I was pleasantly surprised! Long burn time, even burn, billows of smoke, big in the hand and a sweet mellow flavor. Sure don't see these in the forefront, but they're a pretty good stogie!"
Illusione Gigantes,3 out of 5,Decent stick,"I received one of these at the Big Smoke in Vegas this year. Finally got around to smoking it this morning. Great construction, even burn, and good draw with lots of smoke. Nothing special but a good morning smoke."
Illusione Maduro,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Illusione Maduro,5 out of 5,Smooth,This baby is delicious
Illusione Original Documents,5 out of 5,It’s a great cigar.,It’s a great cigar.
Illusione Original Documents,5 out of 5,Fantastic Smoke,love this cigar
Illusione Original Documents,5 out of 5,My favorite small cigar!,My favorite small cigar!
Illusione Original Documents,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,"This is hands down my favorite cigar. I used to get them at a local shop but they sell out so quickly I can rarely find them. Even on CI they seem to sell quickly, so if you can find a box in stock I highly recommend!"
Illusione Original Documents,5 out of 5,Holy Moly! The Holy Lance (HL) is awesome!,"My go-to cigar. Excellent flavor and fantastic construction. More on the fuller side of medium-full, and it never disappoints. I've had several boxes of these since they came out and Dion keeps them consistently great!"
Illusione Rothchildes,5 out of 5,Best Ever,One of the very best every day cigars on the planet!!!
Illusione Rothchildes,5 out of 5,Great Cigar!,What a great little cigar. My new favorite shorty. Great flavor and a good draw make it a pleasure to consume.
Illusione Rothchildes,5 out of 5,Illusione rothchildes,WOW WOW what a great cigar
Illusione Rothchildes,5 out of 5,My favorite shorty!,Nice firm roll but solid draw. I always have them on had.
Illusione Rothchildes,5 out of 5,smooth and balanced,"first Illusione and it did not disappoint. a nice well made medium stick with great balance and plenty of complexity. Very tame and a bit light for my preference, but the flavor was excellent."
Illusione Rothchildes,5 out of 5,Great great rothchild,"Yes, 5 star! Great sticks, full of flavor, very enjoyable"
Illusione Rothchildes,5 out of 5,Joeb,Oh my god!!!! So good.....
Illusione Ultra,4 out of 5,Power House,"Great stick, flavorful, mostly leather and black pepper. Full bodied and one of the few that will sneak up on me and leave me a bit light headed. Definitely a stronger blend than the great Epernay line, you probably don’t want to smoke this one on an empty stomach!"
Illusione Ultra,5 out of 5,As good as it gets,"This cigar needs no hype or fancy advertising to sell. The smoke speaks for it. This is hands down the best cigar. If you like a full cigar, smooth all the way to the nub, look no further. A little expensive i know but absolutely worth the price of admission."
Illusione Ultra,5 out of 5,Ultra No. 9,Fantastic smoke!
Illusione Ultra,5 out of 5,Full-bodied it is,Looking for a full body smoke that's enjoyable to smoke? Here it is. First time trying any Illusione cigars and I'm glad I did. I like smoking a full-bodied cigars in the evening and I can't complain about the No. 9.
Illusione Ultra,5 out of 5,Good flavor. Strong cigar,Good flavor. Strong cigar
Isla del Sol Maduro by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,A budget friendly cigar that,A budget friendly cigar that is good for all events. Sweet and bold flavors through the end.
Isla del Sol Maduro by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,Great flavor,"The flavor is amazing, and the sizing is convenient for a quick smoke. The only issue is every cap wants to unravel after a short time, making the experience a mix of joy and frustration."
Isla del Sol Maduro by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Smooth,Absolutely love this stick. Good flavor with a sweet tip. Great summer time smoke.
Isla del Sol Maduro by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,This is my go to,This is my go to stick
Isla del Sol Maduro by Drew Estate,3 out of 5,Good,"I had a couple of these I got loose somewhere a while back and I really liked them, so based on that limited experience, I was expecting a sweeter taste/smoke than what I got. I'm gonna let these age in the humidor for a while and see if they mellow out some."
Isla del Sol Maduro by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Sweet and good,Sweet and good
Isla del Sol Maduro by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Great cigars,Great cigars
Isla del Sol Maduro by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Isla del Sol Maduro,"Excellent cigar. Very similar to the ""Sun Blessed"" that i have smoked for several years. Seems to be wrapped a litter tighter and cost a little more.
I consider either cigar one of best that I have ever smoked."
Isla del Sol Maduro by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,They were really smooth!,They were really smooth!
Isla del Sol Maduro by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"First, I’m not a sweet flavored cigar person. But, I have two Isla Del Sol boxes in my humidor. For me the sweet flavor is not overwhelming. Just very pleasant and last almost to the end. Then comes the chocolate and coffee notes with that wonderful tobacco smell. I have heard this type of cigar is called a “dessert” cigar. So, after dinner grab two fingers of your favorite bourbon an Isla del Sol And enjoy the evening."
Isla del Sol Maduro by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,The Mrs and I can’t,The Mrs and I can’t decide if we most enjoy with a cup of coffee in the morning or with a drink in the evening. Will purchase again.
Isla del Sol Maduro by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Delicious and Just the Right Experience,"As a dad, teacher, husband, etc., I don’t have a lot of time to sit and smoke a cigar. The experience can’t be rushed and needs to be savored. These afford me the ability to respect the experience in a just-right time frame. Love them!"
Isla del Sol Maduro by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Fantastic!,Smooth draw and sweet taste.
Isla del Sol Maduro by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Excellent !,Excellent !
Isla del Sol Maduro by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Smooth,Very smooth and tasty. Nice after dinner cigar with a glass of bourbon.
Isla del Sol Maduro by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Great smoke for the money...,I love these cigars. Full of sweet flavor and can not beat the price. Great smoke.
Isla del Sol Maduro by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,The perfect day cigar,I have a two acre yard that I mow. It takes me almost one hour and fourth five minutes to mow. The six inch De Sol lasts that long and turns into two hours of my time. I’m a happy 😃 man
Isla del Sol Maduro by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Love this Stick!!,This has become my new favorite and go to smoke. It pairs so well with coffee as well as bourbon. Ordering another box today.
Isla del Sol Maduro by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Good quality.,Good quality.
Isla del Sol Maduro by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,review,reruns aint bad
Isla del Sol Maduro by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,A Treat!,"The Isla has become my favorite. The sweet coating is enjoyable. And the smooth, deep flavors, with good draw are consistent. Enjoyable and different."
Isla del Sol Maduro by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,My husband loves the bit,My husband loves the bit of sweetness he receives from these cigars. He considers it a great smoke and a cigar to share!
Isla del Sol Maduro by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,"Great cigars, I love their","Great cigars, I love their consistency, very good draw, the sweet cap makes it perfect."
Isla del Sol Maduro by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Isla Del Sol,"This is a great after dinner cigar. Smooth draw, great flavors. I will buy more!"
Isla del Sol Maduro by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,Very nice cigar for the,Very nice cigar for the price. Robusto is the perfect size for a relaxing one hour smoke.
Isla del Sol Maduro by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Awesome,Great smoke. Love the flavor and aroma.
Isla del Sol Maduro by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Delicious,"Sweet, delicious and different. I've never been disappointed by a Drew Estate stogie."
Isla del Sol Maduro by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,the cigar,"good cigar, great cigar for the price"
Isla del Sol Maduro by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Awesome,"Smooth an wonderful cigars, Drew Estate, is my go to brand..."
Isla del Sol Maduro by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Love this cigar,I think I have a new favorite I have the regular Isl del Sol and they are great my favorite was CI Legends but now I'm not so sure it's like smoking a cholate latte right from first light up and just gets better
Isla del Sol Maduro by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Good cigars,Great . One of my favorites.
Isla del Sol Maduro by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,My go-to,"Always smooth, easy draw, not too sweet, strong straight ash. My favorite. I may order other sticks to try out but always get more isla del sols, too. Just delicious. And dependable."
Isla del Sol Maduro by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,My go-to,"Always smooth, easy draw, not too sweet, strong straight ash. My favorite. I may order other sticks to try out but always get more isla del sols, too. Just delicious. And dependable."
Isla del Sol Maduro by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Love em,Love em
Isla del Sol Maduro by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Another win for Drew Estate!,Great tasting cigar with a good burn. There is a sweet flavor on the wrapper that hits your lips. Was a bit odd at first but tastes good. Will buy again.
Isla del Sol Maduro by Drew Estate,3 out of 5,Great tasting,This box wasn’t rolled as well as others I have purchased in the past.
Isla del Sol Maduro by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,I'd buy again,Good smoke. Have one on my way back from my favorite fishing hole. does not disappoint...
Isla del Sol Maduro by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,"ISLA DEL SOL MADURO CORONA,S",A VERY TASTY TREAT!!GOOD CIGAR!
Isla del Sol Maduro by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,Enjoyable Cigar,"Good Cigar. Great taste, good burn, and good smell make this an enjoyable cigar."
Isla del Sol Maduro by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Tasty stick,"Great tasting cigar with a wonderful aroma! Purchased the Toro, love the box packaging. Good draw with nice ash. Definitely will purchase again!"
Isla del Sol Maduro by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great taste
Isla del Sol Maduro by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,Delicious:,Easy smoke. Great tobacco flavor with just the right amount of mocha flavored coffee infused. Great draw with a quality wrapper and tobaccos.
Isla del Sol Maduro by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Great stick!!!,"First time smoking this brand. Great taste, interesting flavor & great burn. Will definitely buy again."
Isla del Sol Maduro by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Excellent Change of Pace Smoke !!!,"Surprisingly Tasty cigar ! ! ! Never thought much about getting a ' Sweet ' type cigar but I'm glad I tried this one ! ! ! The burn line is quite good and the draw is a ' wee bit ' firm but not really an issue. Novel packaging with all the "" loose tobacco "" in the 10 pack box !! !!"
Isla del Sol Maduro by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Really like : thinking of,Really like : thinking of getting bigger size next time
Isla del Sol Maduro by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Smooth but tasty. Sweet without,Smooth but tasty. Sweet without tasting cheap.
Isla del Sol Maduro by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,This cigar was smooth and,This cigar was smooth and flavor filled from the first draw to the last. Creamy slightly sweet was perfect.
Isla del Sol Maduro by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,The sweet 1,sweet flavored little cigar cant beat it
Isla del Sol Maduro by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,flavorful,great taste and flavor enjoyable and relaxing cigar smokes great
Isla del Sol Maduro by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,Isla del sol maduro,Awesome morning smoke with sweet tip.
Island Jim by Oscar #2,5 out of 5,try it you'll like it,Ugly looking cigar but a fantastic smoke.
Island Jim by Oscar #2,5 out of 5,A+,These are simply the best. Great smoke.
Island Jim by Oscar #2,5 out of 5,Come to the Island...Island Jim No. 2,I have a box on my coffee table now! Luv them and will be ordering again!
Island Jim by Oscar #2,5 out of 5,#2 second to none! Great smoke!!!,This is an amazing Cigar!!! Can not wait for them to be back in stock !!!
It's a Boy! /It's a Girl!,5 out of 5,Great,Great
It's a Boy! /It's a Girl!,4 out of 5,They were dry when we,They were dry when we got them!!
It's a Boy! /It's a Girl!,4 out of 5,Smooth and creamy,These cigars are mild . Great construction and burn evenly. I'm a regular cigar smoker and was surprised how good they are. Would hand these out with confidence if you had a boy!
It's a Boy! /It's a Girl!,4 out of 5,Good cigar for the money,Good cigar for the money
It's a Boy! /It's a Girl!,5 out of 5,Best buy,Good cigar for the price. Thanks again
It's a Boy! /It's a Girl!,5 out of 5,It’s A Girl!!,"Perfect for the occasion, but you did NOT enclose the note I requested to go along with it.
I will be contacting you on Monday in regards to this matter."
It's a Boy! /It's a Girl!,5 out of 5,It’s A Boy!,The cigars were a big hit! After my fiancé and I revealed the gender of our son to our family & friends I surprised him with the cigars. He and his friends enjoyed them said they were a great choice.
It's a Boy! /It's a Girl!,5 out of 5,Great Cigars,"My daughter had our 1st grandchild, a Boy... I bought 2 boxes of these cigars.. Every person I handed them out to loved them... Fast shipping too..."
It's a Boy! /It's a Girl!,4 out of 5,It’s a Girl Cigars,"These were perfect for our daughter’s arrival. My only area for improvement is that if you aren’t typically a cigar smoker, you don’t have a humidor to keep them and ordering in time for a birth when you don’t know exactly when they may arrive makes it a guessing game if the cigars will still be good. If there was an inexpensive humidor to ship with these or another way to guarantee the cigars will remain good for up to a certain period of time that would be a great addition."
It's a Boy! /It's a Girl!,5 out of 5,Good product,It came in a nice wooden box and the cigars were soft and individually wrapped.if I have a kid again I'll be back.
It's a Boy! /It's a Girl!,5 out of 5,Great cigars for the occasion!,Nice cigars and box for the price . Fast shipping! AAAAA+++++
It's a Boy! /It's a Girl!,5 out of 5,Its a boy cigars,Great smoke & price for cigars
It's a Boy! /It's a Girl!,5 out of 5,It's a girl,Arrived quickly. They smoked better that I thought they would. Everyone I gave them to enjoyed them. Will definitely recommend them.
It's a Boy! /It's a Girl!,5 out of 5,The cigars were excellent! They,The cigars were excellent! They got here fast . I'm very pleased!
It's a Boy! /It's a Girl!,5 out of 5,Great Bargain,Arrived in a timely manner; product was exactly as described
It's a Boy! /It's a Girl!,5 out of 5,Beautiful cigars,These were beautiful cigars. The cigar box was equally as beautiful.
It's a Boy! /It's a Girl!,5 out of 5,Good stuff,Look around to these and this was the only place i found them so i got them not expecting alot. But they are good
It's a Boy! /It's a Girl!,5 out of 5,Found exactly what I was,Found exactly what I was looking for !!!!!! Thanks
It's a Boy! /It's a Girl!,5 out of 5,According to the men they are great the package was beautiful and tasted great highly recommend,Highly-rated
It's a Boy! /It's a Girl!,5 out of 5,1st time buyer,"I was looking for a ""Baby Girl"" cigar someone would enjoy; not just a keepsake. And I got it. Nice blend, everyone enjoyed them. (And at a good price they thought I paid a whole lot more!)"
It's a Boy! /It's a Girl!,5 out of 5,Good Smoke for the price !!!!!!!!!,"Good Smoke for the price / A nice looking band and box. Bought 2 Boxes of Cigars
to give away. These I gave to the non cigar smoker or casual smoker and to the real cigar smoker I gave It's a Boy, Montecristo cigars in the tube."
It's a Boy! /It's a Girl!,5 out of 5,"the box looks nice , haven't tried the cigars yet","Shipped on time , good price"
It's a Boy! /It's a Girl!,5 out of 5,always good,never disappoints
It's a Boy! /It's a Girl!,5 out of 5,An Old Tradition,"I got this box of ""It's a boy"" cigars to help a friend celebrate the birth of his first child in a way that people hardly ever do anymore. Those cigars were very hard to find especially in the quality your company had to offer. He was very pleased. He shared one with his closest friends and family, and left one at the grave of his grandfather, whose name his son now bears.
Thank you for giving me the opportunity to offer my friend such a cherished gift. These cigars are truly something special."
It's a Boy! /It's a Girl!,5 out of 5,It's a boy,great cigars at reasonable prices shipped to your door.
It's a Boy! /It's a Girl!,5 out of 5,Pleasantly surprised!,"we just had a baby girl and I ordered these expecting a novelty, low-quality product, but was pleasantly surprised by how good of a smoke these were, especially for the price and novelty. The people I gave them to enjoyed them as well and let me know. I would recommend this to new dads!"
It's a Boy! /It's a Girl!,5 out of 5,It's A Boy!,The new daddy and his buddies were very pleased with the quality of these cigars. Would recommend this product.
It's a Boy! /It's a Girl!,5 out of 5,Good cigar for the right price,The cigars were nicely wrapped and presented. Worked out quite well for the occasion. Mild enough for everyone's taste.
It's a Boy! /It's a Girl!,3 out of 5,shipping was fast. the cigars do not taste good.,I was disappointed in the taste and smell of the cigars.
It's a Boy! /It's a Girl!,5 out of 5,It's a boy !,Good cigars at a good price !
It's a Boy! /It's a Girl!,5 out of 5,Great choice,A quick purchase with my son on his way- but I've never gotten so many compliments on a cigar before. Great flavor and quality!!
It's a Boy! /It's a Girl!,5 out of 5,Perfect gift for new Dad!,"This was a great choice and hard to find real cigars, for my son to celebrate the arrival of his 1st child! Quality cigars in a beautiful wooden box! Very impressive!"
It's a Boy! /It's a Girl!,5 out of 5,Cigars...,Some of the best cigars I've had for the price.
It's a Boy! /It's a Girl!,5 out of 5,Excellent,this is one of my favorite cigars. It is disappointing that you can't tell me who makes it
It's a Boy! /It's a Girl!,5 out of 5,Great price,The cigars were priced very well and they arrived quickly. The only the issue the cigars were a little.
Jaime Garcia Reserva Especial,5 out of 5,My favorite my father cigar!!!,"Just a great full flavor cigar! The wrapper is superb! Loads of flavor! These age exceptionally well, no mellowing out here!"
Jaime Garcia Reserva Especial,5 out of 5,J. Garcia,Great cigar and a great value! You will be spoiled with this guy.
Jaime Garcia Reserva Especial,5 out of 5,Spectacular!,"Super smoke for the money, well constructed, great notes of coco and leather, strong and still smooth."
Jaime Garcia Reserva Especial,5 out of 5,Was fresh smoked excellent,Was fresh smoked excellent
Jaime Garcia Reserva Especial,5 out of 5,One of my absolute favorite,"One of my absolute favorite cigars. Lots of flavor, very pleasing, yet very smooth indeed. Consistent in every aspect. I had this with some Laphroaig, believe it or not, some may say the Laphroaig will over power, not so (IMHO). I do get a oak also chocolate/coffee notes and some nuttiness. Excellent."
Jaime Garcia Reserva Especial,1 out of 5,unhappy,cigar looks great but the construction is poor. wrapped too tight can't draw.
Jaime Garcia Reserva Especial,5 out of 5,Great cigar,These are on my long list of favorites. Good full flavored cigar. Burn great. Never disappointed with these.
Jaime Garcia Reserva Especial,5 out of 5,Mmmmmm mmmmm good,"Life is short, live it with gusto..... Jaime Garcia has plenty of that, gusto....."
Jaime Garcia Reserva Especial,5 out of 5,Awesome smoke,Awesome smoke
Jaime Garcia Reserva Especial,4 out of 5,Smooth,"Great smoke, good long lasting enjoyable smoke. Will buy more"
Jaime Garcia Reserva Especial,3 out of 5,Jaime Garcia Reserva Especial Robusto,"I was really looking forward to trying these. Beautiful cigars, Dark and well constructed. Found it to be very strong, plan to set them back for a few months and see if they mellow or if I can grow into them.."
Jaime Garcia Reserva Especial,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,"Loved this cigar, great flavor and aroma. Good draw!"
Jaime Garcia Reserva Especial,5 out of 5,Great Stick,What a great smoke. Well rounded flavor and even burn down to the nub. I will be adding these great sticks to my humidor.
Jaime Garcia Reserva Especial,3 out of 5,Good but not great,I had 3 of a five pack and one was great so far...idk if it was that that I left the last one one in the humidor a little longer or that that the first 2 just stunk....the cigar looks terrible but the last one I smoked was great so who knows... I would recommend with reservations...keep them in the humidor for a few weeks then enjoy... good luck
Jaime Garcia Reserva Especial,5 out of 5,Love them,Good price for a good daily smoke
Jaime Garcia Reserva Especial,4 out of 5,Very good cigar,"I enjoyed the Reserva. I enjoyed the regular Jaime Garcia more, however. The Reserva is smooth. It has a nice draw. The ash is white. The taste is solid: you can taste the tobacco very well without too much effort."
Jaime Garcia Reserva Especial,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Never been let down with any Jamie and this one is no exception. Had to smoke the first 5 but the other 5 are going in the humidor for a couple of months.
Jaime Garcia Reserva Especial,2 out of 5,JD Cigar,This cigar is too spicy for my particular taste. This particular cigar was one third of a package and I really enjoyed the Rocky Royale and the Diesel.
Jaime Garcia Reserva Especial,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Jaime Garcia Reserva Especial,5 out of 5,Nice cigar,Nice cigar
Jaime Garcia Reserva Especial,4 out of 5,Enjoyable,Good flavor
Jaime Garcia Reserva Especial,5 out of 5,Jaime Garcia Great Cigar,"One of my go to cigars, always great prices & fast shipping from CI. A must have in your humidor"
Jaime Garcia Reserva Especial,5 out of 5,Amazing cigar,"The Garcia / Pepin family knows how to do it. In a weird way I was pleasantly surprised, because this was my first entry into Jaime. But I should have know better, I love everything I’ve tried from this family. A beautiful cigar with a perfect draw and incredible flavor. Now in my top 5."
Jaime Garcia Reserva Especial,5 out of 5,Jaime Carcia Robusto,"Great smoke,Packs a punch"
Jaime Garcia Reserva Especial,5 out of 5,Amazing,Worth every $
Jaime Garcia Reserva Especial,5 out of 5,Great full bodied cigar,"Powerfulll flavored packed cigar. A fine example of a full bodied cigar that""'s enjoyable to smoke. Well done."
Jaime Garcia Reserva Especial,5 out of 5,Great..,Unbelievable taste. Great Cigar!!!
Jaime Garcia Reserva Especial,5 out of 5,Awesome,Awesome
Jaime Garcia Reserva Especial,5 out of 5,"Outstanding, love the super gordo","What a tremendous cigar one of my favorites without a doubt.
Especially enjoy enjoy the super Gorda size"
Jaime Garcia Reserva Especial,5 out of 5,Like Father...Like Son,Junior has created an exceptional cigar. Full of body with a very clean draw and smoothe finish.
Jaime Garcia Reserva Especial,4 out of 5,A little disappointing compared to previous experiences,"This has always been one of my very favorite cigars, but my most recent order of Robusto 5 packs (3 packs of 5) have been somewhat disappointing thus far. I sense that these cigars need some time in the humidor. The cigars have a slightly unpleasant ""green"" sort of taste to them. Not nearly as smooth as previous orders. I will set them aside for later."
Jaime Garcia Reserva Especial,5 out of 5,Worth every penny!,"Great, smooth, awesome, and DELICIOUS! Everything that you would want in a stogie! This is definitely top 3 for me!"
Jaime Garcia Reserva Especial,5 out of 5,Like Father like Son-,"Very satisfying smoke from beginning to end, I make sure my ""Cigar Clip"" is handy to get every bit of cigar smoked as possible."
Jaime Garcia Reserva Especial,5 out of 5,Great Cigar!,One of my favorites that never disappoints.
Jaime Garcia Reserva Especial,5 out of 5,Excellent,The Pepin brand rules.
Jaime Garcia Reserva Especial,4 out of 5,Nice smoke for the price,Nice smoke for the price good flavor
Jaime Garcia Reserva Especial,5 out of 5,An excellent cigar,"Jamie Garcia can make a good cigar in the family tradition. Well crafted, smoked beautifully, full rich flavor. A real pleasure."
Jaime Garcia Reserva Especial,5 out of 5,"greatsmoke,","greatsmoke,"
Jaime Garcia Reserva Especial,5 out of 5,Hi-me's!!!!,"Awesome smoke.... Great draw, razor sharp burn, started off with good flavor being a little full and spicey and it literally got better and better every quarter. Mellowed out with very creamy and flavorful smoke. Don't be drawn away if you don't like full smokes, these are so smooth and tasty. Came ready to smoke from CI as well, they still had a nice but firm pinch to them. Cant wait to smoke again....."
Jaime Garcia Reserva Especial,5 out of 5,Talent runs in the family,"My first order of the Jaime Garcia Reserva Especial Robusto was in March 2017. Since that time I have ordered them monthly. It has become one of my favorite smokes with others that I routinely order. Jaime has done a great job on this blend as it stays pleasurable through the end without ""hot"" spots at any time."
Jaime Garcia Reserva Especial,5 out of 5,New favorite....,"I heard this cigar was good but I was still very impressed. It had a great pull, great burn and awesome flavors. It started out full with some hints of pepper and just got smoother and creameir every quarter. It has a nice oily maduro wrapper and just burned even and razor sharp. I will definitely be buying a box soon and it's definitely one of my favorites. Also it came ready to smoke too from CI, wasn't dry at all it still had a firm sponge pinch."
Jaime Garcia Reserva Especial,5 out of 5,"The perfect gift, for me !",Guys you can never go wrong with Jaime Garcia and you can never go wrong buying from the best cigar on line store CI
Jaime Garcia Reserva Especial,5 out of 5,Jaime Garcia,One of my favorites
Jaime Garcia Reserva Especial,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Jaime Garcia Reserva Especial,5 out of 5,Treasure find!,"Great Cigar!!! I ordered a box some time ago and smoked all of them but one. What I would recommend is to put away and hide maybe 5 of these guys and forget about them! I did that by mistake and left one in a smaller cigar box that was packed away because we moved...4yrs later I happened to open the box cause I heard something rolling around in there. The plastic wrap was brown and I pulled it out and MAN!...it felt juicy and oily and when I lit that bad boy wow...sooo smooth and silky, chewy and creamy. I couldn't believe it lol. Seriously I was so disappointed that I only had one. I would put a whole box away if I could resist tearing into it."
Jaime Garcia Reserva Especial,5 out of 5,It's greattttttttttt,It's greattttttttttt
Jaime Garcia Reserva Especial,5 out of 5,Absolutely outstanding in every way when aged about two and a half years.,"After I aged a batch of these for about two and a half years, they were some of the best cigars I've ever smoked."
Jaime Garcia Reserva Especial,5 out of 5,My Go To Cigar,"Every real cigar smoker has his or her go to cigar, Jaime Garcia Especial Toro Gordo is mine. The favor the consistency of the smoke the slow burn is everything I look for and need in my go to cigar."
Jaime Garcia Reserva Especial,5 out of 5,Great cigar great price great,Great cigar great price great service
Jaime Garcia Reserva Especial,5 out of 5,Great cigar with satisfying flavor.,Great cigar with satisfying flavor. Burns just right with awesome smoke and excellent draw. One of my favorites!
Jaime Garcia Reserva Especial 10th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Fantastic cigar and phenomenal smoke,Fantastic cigar and phenomenal smoke
Java by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,It's what's for breakfast,"Great cigar for anytime as long as you have time to enjoy it. The overall theme here is cafe au lait with subtle hints of Belgian chocolate and cedar. I would classify this as a ""medium"" smoke but still full bodied and never a bite in a puff. The maduro wrapper is a bit fuller and a bit mellower. Smoke 'em to the nub. I enjoy mine (sometimes even two) with my morning coffee on my deck."
Java by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Java smooth,The best cigar I have ever had.
Java by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,Good Smoke.,"Overall good cigar. Probably wouldn't buy again, but would be happy to smoke if given to me."
Java by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Expected quality as normal,Expected quality as normal
Java by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,Nothing to complain about,Nothing to complain about
Java by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Great stuff....,Great stuff....
Java by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,only issue would be as,only issue would be as you smoke the end starts to come apart
Java by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,Like a cup of coffee.,Like a cup of coffee. Smoothe.
Java by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Java by Drew Estate,This was my first experience with this very robust tasting elegant cigar. I would have to say that it may become a favorite in my choices. I recommend this cigar to anyone who enjoys a smooth tasting experience..
Java by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,4 out of the 5,4 out of the 5 I purchased were perfect.
Java by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,My favorite Drew,"Fell in love with this cigar after the first draw. Great taste and a slow even burn. A bit pricey, but well worth it."
Java by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Excellent,This is one of my favorite cigars 👌
Java by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Box pressed dessert,"These are excellent, but the flavor fades pretty quick, so smoke 'em while you got 'em."
Java by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,One of the best ideas,One of the best ideas in the cigar world if you like chocolate
Java by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Smooth,Very good smooth cigar
Java by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Awesome,Flavor is absolutely amazing.
Java by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Perfect Small Cigar,Perfect cigar for a relaxing smoke when short of time. Very flavorful.
Java by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,Smells good.,Smells very good out of the wrapper. Light draw. The aroma reminds me of the Vanilla Backwoods my grandfather used to smoke in the truck. I’m in the first third right now and It’s ok. I wouldn’t think this is a mediuM body. It’s good for a smoke but not if you’re expecting an experience.
Java by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,Good Stuff,Nice mocha coffee smoke
Java by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Hooked,"I'm not usually a fan of flavored cigars, but I got one of these in a sampler and was instantly hooked. Strong flavors of coffee and chocolate, what's not to like? It's like smoking dessert, and I often enjoy them with a martini after dinner. My wife loves the way they smell, so that's a nice bonus."
Java by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,I'd give it 100 Stars if it were an option,"Savored every second. Cried when it got to short to smoke. If my ""ship"" ever comes in, this would be the only cigar I'd ever smoke."
Java by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,The maduro is my favorite,"The maduro is my favorite of the Drew Estates java cigars. Very smooth from start to finish, good chocolate flavor and not overly sweet. Very consistent smoke."
Java by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Nice and mild.,"Smooth, burns even.
Good taste."
Java by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Excellent,"Very good smoke.
Great taste."
Java by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Great for ones who are on a budget.,"In these days of being on a budget, these cigars are very dollar friendly. Im not lighting up a full size cigar only to put it out and save it for tomorrow, and if I do that, its not the quality Im used to. But with these little nuggets of joy, I get the quality, freshness, and enjoyment all within these dollar crunching days that we all are living in right now. Now Im waiting for the Latte' to come out in these sizes."
Java by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,very satisfied,very satisfied
Java by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Good Cigar,"I enjoy infused cigars and was expecting a little more from this. But not disappointed, it smokes really nice. There is a small hint of a coffee flavor in there. Would definitely buy again"
Java by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Perfect,These cigars were exactly what I wanted. Perfect. The sale price was amazing.
Java by Drew Estate,3 out of 5,Waffee style,Smells great. Smokes fast. Not a lot of flavor.
Java by Drew Estate,3 out of 5,Morning smoke,Nice light flavor for early morning with coffee.
Java by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,Drew estate java,Recently visited a shop in ocala and sat down and smoked a java the name is misleading it doesn't have much coffee flavor and I was disappointed at first but was pleased the longer I smoked it I like infused cigars but this was smooth and mellow all the way to the nub
Java by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Not your traditional cigar. Its smooth. And refreshing. One of the best cigars I've ever smoked
Java by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,"Not traditionally ""flavored"" cigars.","Not a flavored cigar. Java cigars are time savored in a room, surrounded by coffee beans. Excellent flavor, good quality. I personally like Tabak cigars just as much, for 60% of the price."
Java by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Addicted,"I usually don't like flavored cigars, but I got some Java's as part of a sampler, and I was instantly hooked. The combination of tobacco, chocolate and coffee flavors is amazing. It's like smoking dessert."
Java by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Really liked this one.,Very good cigar.
Java by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Pretty darn good,"Up front, I’m not a huge fan of flavored cigars. No pretension, I just prefer straight, quality tobacco creating the flavors in my cigars. But I ended up with 10 of these I got for my roommate, and decided to smoke one with him. Really impressed. The coffee, mocha flavor was relatively strong on the prelight, but really receded when lit. I also notice the nicotine pick up in the 3/3, which is great to me (I love a good nic fix). CI service was also great!"
Java by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Great product,Love the cigars
Java by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Cigars,Very good taste mildly smooth..
Java by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,Great cigar!,Excellent Chocolatey Goodness
Java by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,excellent tasting smoke,excellent tasting smoke
Java by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,awesome,Love these but waited till they were on sale
Java by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,"Great cigar, even smoke, no","Great cigar, even smoke, no relit needed"
Java by Drew Estate,3 out of 5,Drew Estates JAVA's,"Actually very tasty, but not what I had originally planned to order. Actually wanted Java, coffee infused murduro wrapped coronas. I'll be reordering later."
Java by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Java Latte,Good cigars 👌
Java by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Perfect cigar for the time,Will order again. Always a nice cigar
Java by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Great Cigars.,Great cigars. Not one bad one in the pack. Drew Estate is my choice.
Java by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Can’t go wrong,Can’t go wrong with any Java’s. Always smoking them till the end. Good treat with coffee in the morning or on 1 hr commute in the morning. So far had only one bad java that was burning super fast and it was harsh from first drag.
Java by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Tasty to the End,All that’s needed in a simple but complex cigar. Great burn and awesome finish!
Java by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Great,One of my favorite cigars. My humidor is full of Drew Estate cigars. My go to brand.
Java by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Very smooth with a sweet mocha taste.
Java Mint by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Great taste,Great tasting cigar!! Burns perfectly . I will be ordering more.
Java Mint by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Great cigar it’s just too,Great cigar it’s just too small.
Java Mint by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Smooth,"Smooth great taste, great draw."
Java Mint by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
Java Mint by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,Cigars were fresh and delivered,"Cigars were fresh and delivered in a timely fashion.
Thank you"
Java Mint by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Wonderful Cigar!,"Great all around smoke, people around you are delighted with the chocolate mint smell .
Excellent on the porch after dinner!"
Java Mint by Drew Estate,3 out of 5,Not very minty,I found the Java by Drew Estate X-Press Mint to be just ok. There wasn't much flavor and there were pressed bits that would fallout.
Java Mint by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,"Great Cigar, Bad Cap","This was one of my favorites, but after finishing the box, each time I smoked one, the cap came off. If not immediately, then well before the half way point, leaving the end an unraveling ruin by the time I was done. It is a great smoke, but I suggest getting something other than the gordo."
Java Mint by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Perfect,Perfect
Java Mint by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Great,"Great , Best Robust"
Java Mint by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Excellent stick from the word...go!!,First time having the Java Mint. Excellent stick from the word go!! Lived up to my expectations. Dark rich chocolate flavors are at the foundation of this stick with coffee as the supporting act. A heavenly mint finish washes over the palate but is not overwhelming. Not very complex but the entire combination is smooth and consistent throughout. Lots of creamy smoke pouring out...unbelievable. Great with coffee. Construction was awsome! A very special smoke indeed.
Java Mint by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Java mint,Bought one this evening at my favorite smoke shop and am finishing it now. I love it! It was full of coffee and mint all the way and it still had the creamy taste at the end that I have come to love about all Drew Estates. I'm hopeing they will go on sale.
Java Mint by Drew Estate,3 out of 5,One of my favorite cigars,One of my favorite cigars is the Java Mint. The wafe is a good cigar but in my opinion is difficult to smoke. Way too thin.
Java Mint by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Excellent really enjoyed the favor,Excellent really enjoyed the favor
Java Mint by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Love it!!!,Love it!!!
Java Mint by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Love em,This is my go to after dinner smoke. I really like this stick. Took me a bit to realize these mints like about 66-68humidity. Anything more then 68 is to much IMO and have had them get slightly spongy. So watch your humidity on these. Also I have a dedicated humidor just for my JAVA MINTS. I just love the scent and taste after a good dinner.
Java Mint by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,This is one of the best tasting cigar I have smoked in 30 years. I definitely recommend these.
Java Mint by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Love the cigars,These are my go too smoke...
Java Mint by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Will be getting many,These are my go to smoke
Java Mint by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Java Mint Petite Coronas,Also excellent when you want great taste in a shorter smoke Interesting twist cap
Java Mint by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Java Mint by Drew Estate Corona,Still one of my all time favorite cigars. I do love infused cigars and these are by far the beat i have ever has
Java Mint by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Must have in my BOX,"This is my cigar, I love it."
Java Mint by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,"WOW, Must Have",This is a great smoke for men and women starting!!!!
Java Mint by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Surprisingly different,These are a great morning cigar with coffee. Even better (Irish Coffee). They smell like a peppermint patty. They burn great and leave a nice aftertaste.
Java Mint by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Loves these !! 👍🏻,Loves these !! 👍🏻
Java Mint by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Java mints,One of the best that I have smoked.
Java Mint by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Mmmm So Good,The Java Mint is an awesome after dinner cigar or really an any time tasty smoke. I like this smaller size for when you don’t have time for the longer smoke of the larger size but still want that great java mint taste.
Java Mint by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Yummy,Doesn't get much better than these creamy delicious sticks!!
Java Mint by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Definitely worth the smoke,Great mild smoke very mellow definitely has an aroma of mocha or chocolate the taste of the mint lingers on the pallet for the after taste
Java Mint by Drew Estate,3 out of 5,Bad box???,Good smokes but I’m guessing I got an “off” box. All the caps are falling off after 2-3 mins. I’m using a punch and always lightly push it through.
Java Mint by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Drew Estates Java,Good mild cigar with great aroma
Java Mint by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Yum!,The 10 free non mint Javas are even better!
Java Mint by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Java Mint by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,i really like the java,The Java cigars are great cigars i really liked them smooth cigars.
Java Mint by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Delicious,Delicious
Java Mint by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,Java Mint by Drew Estate Wafe,I was disappointed in them. They were more chocolate with very little if any mint. However they were a good smoke and I enjoyed them.
Java Mint by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,I am satisfied,I am satisfied
Java Mint by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Dessert cigar,My favorite!!
Java Mint by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Mint,Love them. This is my third box and I will keep buying them
Java Mint by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Java Mint by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,My wife’s favorite stick!,My wife’s favorite stick!
Java Mint by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,I won daughter of the year with these!!,"Dad was interested in trying them but wasn’t making the move on his own. I got him Drew Estate Java Mint, Latte (which he’s had before and loves), and Red for Fathers Day. So far Mint is a huge hit with a rich, flavorful, natural taste, smooth draw and a mellow Maduro wrapper. Two thumbs up!!"
Java Mint by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Great Flavor Smooth Draw,The Java Mint is such a satisfying pleasurable smoke. The second the cigar leaves the cellophane your senses are engaged. When the tobacco hits your lips and combustion takes place all five senses are engaged in pure pleasure and joy. The draw is effortless and the flavor last through the entire smoke. Highly recommended!
Java Mint by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Very great tasting cigar enjoyed,Very great tasting cigar enjoyed it very much
Java Mint by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,smooth,The rich and flavorful taste of this cigar was fantastic. Total enjoyment.
Java Mint by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Java mint,Excellent cigar can’t go wrong with this choice
Java Mint by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,Amazing!,"Great stick! the smoke was very enjoyable and the flavor was not to strong. Only reason I gave it a 4, was because the sticks were slightly inconstant in size. Some seemed to be larger and a tad longer then others I had received in my 5 pack. Will buy again for sure!!"
Java Mint by Drew Estate,2 out of 5,Not much flavor,The wage style cigar did not provide enough flavor.
Java Mint by Drew Estate,2 out of 5,Drew estate java mint,Cigar taste great but they do not smoke well like I have had from others I constantly have to re light them or constantly smoke on it the cigar also comes unraveled as I smoke it never had this issue before but all 5 of the ones I bought have been like that not impressed with them unlike the ones I have had before
Java Mint by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Great cigars,Wonderful taste . Slow burn that's nice and even.
Java Red by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Worth every penny!!!,What can I say? Another hit from Drew!!
Java Red by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Java Red,I enjoy Drew Estate Java cigars a great deal. They smell nice and arent harsh. All with a little taste of coffee:)
Java Red by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,Well I tired,Good but will not be getting the flat press again. It may be right for some but not quite for me. As for flavor it's great java with subtle cherry.
Java Red by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,JAVA RED Robusto,"Very smooth smoke with a clean coffee flavor. My one misgiving is that these box pressed cigars burn quickly and very hot toward the final third. The '58 gauge 'Gordo's are the perfect equalizer for this line. They burn cool to the end, and they last an appropriate amount of time. However, they come with the cost. Overall, a satisfying smoke with a superb flavor, just a few quirks."
Java Red by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Awesome after dinner coffee smoke.,"Fantastic cigar. Creamy smoke with a pleasant aroma it pairs exceptionally well with a dark roast coffee. Just a hint of sweetness with subtle chocolate, cherry and spice notes. No bitterness towards the end and I use a nubber to get all of it. Also my girl likes the smell so I can smoke these around her :) I will be buying another box soon."
Java Red by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Great Little Cigar,High quality infusion with high quality tobacco ensures a pleasurable short smoke for the flavored cigar enthusiast.
Java Red by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Wonderful !,"I gave up on flavored cigars a long time ago.A member of my cigar club kept bringing the Java's up as one of his favorites for he and his wife.Joe offered a fiver at a great price.Remembering my friends endorsement I bit.So glad I did !Very well constructed from quality tobaccos that responded perfectly to the cherry infusion.Not a lightweight as expected,but a true medium body.Definately room for these in my rotation.Robusto size is perfect for winter."
Java Red by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,My favorite,A most excellent cigar
Java Red by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,Goooooooood,Gooooooood
Java Red by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,"Tasty Tasty, wait did I mention Tasty?","Light up one of theses flavor sticks and it’s on!
Cocoa and coffee with a cherry on top. What more need I say but don’t hesitate to stock up on these prize possessions, you won’t be disappointed!"
Java Red by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Java red,Very tasty smooth cigar
Java Red by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Java red,Great tasting and smooth
Java Red by Drew Estate,3 out of 5,Java Red,"This is still a very good cigar. However, the rest of the Javas are a 5 star due to their better taste and smoother draw. Also, the Have Red doesn't burn evenly."
Java Red by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Smooth,My boyfriend enjoyed these
Java Red by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,Not a big fan of,Not a big fan of the pressed aspect. It was ok. Otherwise a great cigar. I feel I need a traditional to give a better review of the cigar itself.
Java Red by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Java Red,Awesome smokes. Very happy with my purchase.Highly recommended.
Java Red by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Java Red,"Very good cigar, I like them very much!"
Java Red by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Satisfied,Satisfied
Java Red by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Perfect smoke with a light draw and medium flavor. Light sweetness in the wrap that blends perfectly with the smoke. My favorite cigar
Java Red by Drew Estate,3 out of 5,Was just a little disappointed,"Was just a little disappointed that there was not more of a cherry flavor to the cigar. It tasted like a regular java, which is fantastic."
Java Red by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Gobs of cool smoke,"I'm a novice so maybe I'm doing something wrong, but on the 58s, both red and mint, the filler burns faster than the wrapper. Also the wrapper can burn unevenly along the large vein in the leaf. Hasn't been an issue with the. smaller diameters. Regardless, a delightful cigar."
Java Red by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,RED,Great taste! A well crafted stick.
Java Red by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"Another hit in my favorite java line
Nice flavor nice even smoke with a mild cherry overtone but no fake flavor love it"
Java Red by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"These cigars are good tasting, even down right delicious. I was sceptical at first as I have bought other cherry flavored cigars that were quit disappointing but these live up to all the hype. A bit pricey for someone on a fixed income but still worth it."
Java Red by Drew Estate,2 out of 5,Didn't Like,"Didn't burn well, not very flavorful"
Java Red by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Great cigars at a great,Great cigars at a great Price!!!
Java Red by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Java Red,"Great, Smooth, and Tasty Smoke. Great as a desert Cigar."
Java Red by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Drew Estates Java,The Drew Estates Java cigars are a smooth sweet treat after any dinner or any cocktail time!
Java Red by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,They good,They good
Java Red by Drew Estate,2 out of 5,Taste not there. Half way,Taste not there. Half way through it didn’t burn well. Would not recommend.
Java Red by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,Java cigars,I really liked the Java cigars the taste good
Java Red by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth and rich flavor great on golf course
Java Red by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Java Red a great smoke,"Great tasting cigar, although a bit pricey"
Java Red by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Awesome cigar!!!,Has a great taste that lasts through the entire smoke. Very enjoyable!
Java Red by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,They taste great and are,They taste great and are made very well. They are at the top of my list.
Java Red by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,i like the wafe its,i like the wafe its great for a short smoke
Java Red by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Java Red by Drew Estate,Very smooth cigar enjoyed it from start to finish with nice tones of coffee and chocolate.
Java Red by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,"Surprisingly long, even smoke with","Surprisingly long, even smoke with good even draw. Mild but could not detect a distinct flavor as with the coffee Java."
Java Red by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,were not as flavorable as,"were not as flavorable as i had imagined, drew nice and even a little harsh at end"
Java Red by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Java Red,"Tastes sweet, aromatic smell, nice burn and quite a smooth smoke! Definitely a great addition to your humidor especially if you like flavored and or herbal cigars."
Java Red by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Java Red by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Good Smoke,"I got these as part of the Brew Estate Sampler. This is my before breakfast cigar with a cup of coffee. I think these are Rocky Patel Vintage 1990 that are infused. I rotate daily smoking Java, Red Eye, Cafe Con Leche and Tabak Especial Dulce, like them all very much."
Java Red by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Java red,Great cigar just like the Java Maduro good consistency good Construction nice thick smoke and a soothing flavor
Java Red by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Great New Addition to the Java Line,Really enjoyed this one. The cherry flavor is pleasant without being overpowering.
Java Red by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Java Red,Best cigar out there. I can taste the java cherry w every puff
Java Red by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,Java Red is a keeper!,The newest cigar in the Java series is a real keeper with notes of cherry in the mix. I will definitely be ordering more of these!
Java Red by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Tasty Red Drew Estate,"CI, best company to buy quality cigars from, fast and reliable shipping (I’m in Hawaii) and every cigar I have purchased so far has been delightfully tasty, including these. Mahalo for the great expeditious service to Hawaii."
Java Red by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Extremely comfortable and perfect fit.,Another great cigar by Drew Estates - one of my favorite cigar companies
Java Red by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Java Red,"Another Drew Estates winner. Box pressed with an even burn and perfect draw; containing hints of coffee, mocha and cherry, it makes for a delightful after meal smoke."
Java Red by Drew Estate,2 out of 5,Burn to fast and that,Burn to fast and that was right after I recieved them in the mail.
JFR Lunatic Habano,5 out of 5,Great Smoke!,"LOVE THIS STICK. I have puffed several has a great Construction, feels good in the hand, lots of heavy smoke, good draw. I prefer the Habano over the Maduro because it is a lot of tobacco and you will still feel the buzz."
JFR Lunatic Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,Great smoke!
JFR Lunatic Maduro,5 out of 5,Very nice stick!!,My 3hr smoke! Nice even burn. No issues besides my liquor finishes before this smoke!
JFR Lunatic Maduro,5 out of 5,Good cigar,Great cigar. Even burn. Consistent taste. I really enjoyed this
JFR Lunatic Maduro,4 out of 5,Lunatic is good for smoking.,Lunatic is good for smoking.
JFR Lunatic Maduro,5 out of 5,The Bigger The Better!,Great cigar for the money! I really enjoyed this one and ordered more!
JFR Lunatic Maduro,5 out of 5,My favorite!,"Big cigar, burns great, tastes great!"
JFR Lunatic Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent!!!,Excellent!!!
JFR Lunatic Maduro,5 out of 5,Big and delicious!!,Pleasent smoke with an even burn and consistent flavor.
JFR Lunatic Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigars and service,was pleased with the selection and ordered several brands of cigars for the holidays. The US post office lost the package. Customer service was great in solving my problem. Will be shopping here for all my online cigars.
JFR Lunatic Maduro,5 out of 5,Very good cigar for the,Very good cigar for the price
JFR Lunatic Maduro,5 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
JFR Lunatic Maduro,1 out of 5,Very Dissappointed,"I purchased 2 - 5 packs of this cigar. Thew were loosely rolled burned uneven and poor smoke.
All around very disappointing."
JFR Lunatic Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar would recommend,Great cigar would recommend
JFR Lunatic Maduro,5 out of 5,Nice Smoke,Even smoke at this price point. Enjoyable period
JFR XT Corojo,5 out of 5,Very fine smoke for the,Very fine smoke for the money
JFR XT Corojo,5 out of 5,JFR Corojo,Excellent smoke very good burn good flavor
JFR XT Corojo,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,This J.F.R. XT COROJO 770 XT cigar was a every enjoyable smoke. The cigar has a great flavor and was smooth from the beginning to the end.
JFR XT Corojo,5 out of 5,"Consistent, long time customer",Always great deliveries and service. Top shelf! Thanks CI
JFR XT Maduro,4 out of 5,Jeremy,good smooth cigar great taste
JFR XT Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"It isn't my favorite, but it is an excellent cigar. Consistently medium to bold flavor that is smooth."
JFR XT Maduro,1 out of 5,Didn't care for them,Wish I had known they were boxed pressed. Although I would not order again.
JM's Dominican,4 out of 5,Go to Cigar,Great everyday smoke for price!
JM's Dominican,5 out of 5,"Well made, mild, burns nicely.","Well made, mild, burns nicely."
JM's Dominican,3 out of 5,Jm’s,Not awful.
JM's Dominican,5 out of 5,JM Dominican Churchill Connecticut Cigars.,This is an inexpensive cigar. I smoke several each day. They are a mild cigar. They are great for me.
JM's Dominican,5 out of 5,I like them!,I like them!
JM's Dominican,5 out of 5,These were outstanding at a,These were outstanding at a great price and came with flawless delivery
JM's Dominican,5 out of 5,Great for a bachelor party,Good smoke
JM's Dominican,5 out of 5,E xcellent,"a good everyday smoke, well made and the price is right."
JM's Dominican,4 out of 5,Delicious,"They are very good, but wraps were a bit inconsistent. But I’m picky! Definitely buying again."
JM's Dominican,5 out of 5,Cigar's,Nice But some of the Cigar's that were in the Box unraveled but still smoked OK Win
JM's Dominican,4 out of 5,The JM's Gordo,"A good stick, saying that there was an occasional hard draw that required reaming. Also some uneven burns. Overall a good smoke."
JM's Dominican,3 out of 5,Not too bad,It smokes well.
JM's Dominican,4 out of 5,High end for yard cigar,High end for yard cigar
JM's Dominican,5 out of 5,Just so competitive and easy,Just so competitive and easy to use.... Merry Christmas
JM's Dominican,5 out of 5,Great,Great Cigars. Fast shipping. Will be buying again.
JM's Dominican,4 out of 5,I love them,I love them
JM's Dominican,5 out of 5,"Good service, decent cigars.","Good service, decent cigars."
JM's Dominican,5 out of 5,Great cigars,Great company fast Shippng and always fresh cigars
JM's Dominican,5 out of 5,JM's Dominican Connecticut Robustos-My Gold Standard,"Over 15 boxes of these (750+) without 1 clinker or throwaway.
They burn cool and even with an easy draw and lots of smoke.
They pair well with most alcoholic and caffeinated beverages.
Overall, these are the cigars I stack ALL other cigars up against
My GOLD STANDARD cigar"
JM's Dominican,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,"Fresh as always, my daily stick, always enjoyable"
JM's Dominican,5 out of 5,smooth,good value and a pleasant smoke
JM's Dominican,3 out of 5,Decent,Decent
JM's Dominican,4 out of 5,Decent Batch!,"Bought these on a whim as old friends came together last weekend. Truly a decent mild bodied cigar. All of which were pre-punched to my surprise. Mild and calm burn, wrapper was drier on some than others, but left excellent room note."
JM's Dominican,4 out of 5,Great value for an every day smoke,"For two bucks a stick this is a great smoke. The wrappers are a little less than pretty, but they smoke smooth,don't canoe and taste great, with lots of smoke and an easy draw"
JM's Dominican,4 out of 5,Maduro smokers take notice!,"I love Maduros, and a few big name Maduros have let me down, but never these. They taste great, they have some ligero strength, but not overwhelming. I have smoked Cubans in other countries, many great brand s in the states, and I would have no problem recommending these to anyone."
JM's Dominican Honey,5 out of 5,"Smooth sweet smoke, enjoyable for","Smooth sweet smoke, enjoyable for x-ciggaaret smokers"
JM's Dominican Honey,5 out of 5,Good flavor,Good flavor
JM's Dominican Honey,5 out of 5,TW,Great taste. A bit sweetness makes it more delightful to enjoy. Reasonable price. Good for a starter!
JM's Dominican Honey,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar for Pleasent Relaxation Occasions,"Smooth, flavorful and just the right size for family get-togethers!"
JM's Dominican Honey,4 out of 5,Cigars,These are a nice smoke but I am kind of the Bigger Cigar smoker
JM's Dominican Honey,5 out of 5,Outstanding smoke,Outstanding smoke
JM's Dominican Honey,3 out of 5,Good Cigar,"For occasional smoking, it is a smooth cigar that burns well."
JM's Dominican Honey,5 out of 5,JM’s Dominican Cigar was just what I needed,Very good cigar! My friends all liked it. Will order more if available
JM's Dominican Honey,5 out of 5,Tastey JR's,"Pros : AWSOME SMOKE !!!!!! Smooth and mellow with nuances of honey and a light taste of vanilla .
Cons: Not Available as much as I like, slow re-stocking but worth the wait ."
JM's Dominican Honey,5 out of 5,Great smoke's !!!!,"Delightable smoke's tasty and mild , puff em when I ride my lawn tractor to cut the lawn ! Great company and great deal's !"
JM's Dominican Honey,4 out of 5,Tasty,Very good for a small flavored cigar.
JM's Dominican Honey,5 out of 5,First Time Cigar,"Pleasantly surprised, Nice solid cigar, even burn and great flavor."
JM's Dominican Honey,5 out of 5,Good cigar,I'm not exactly a cigar expert but I thought these were good cigars. They burn well and have a good taste. Not too strong so if you're looking for a mild cigar this is a good one. I would buy again.
JM's Dominican Honey,3 out of 5,Vanilla is good,Pleasant taste. A bit harsh at times. Some stixs.improve with use of a poker. All in all I would buy again
JM's Dominican Honey,2 out of 5,Not the Best,Flavor not to my liking. The last half of the cigar is bitter. I much prefer Cuban Honeys.
JM's Dominican Honey,5 out of 5,more than I expected,"when it came to value, it was on point. when it came to flavor, it was just right. I have enjoyed this product from start to finish and now looking forward to my next adventure in cigars"
JM's Dominican Honey,4 out of 5,I was happy with them,I was happy with them
JM's Dominican Honey,5 out of 5,Smooth,I very much enjoyed this cigar and I believe most will also feel the same. Nothing like an enjoyable cigar that draws as well as these do.
JM's Dominican Honey,4 out of 5,Good smoke for a flavored,Good smoke for a flavored cigar.
JM's Dominican Honey,5 out of 5,Nice afternoon cigar,"These are a great cigar for in the afternoon not to big and great flavors also comes with the cigar pre punched, I will be buying them again"
JM's Dominican Honey,5 out of 5,Jim honey vanilla,Great cigars. Keep them in stock!!
JM's Dominican Honey,5 out of 5,Excellent,Great deal. Thanks
JM's Dominican Honey,5 out of 5,Great Honey Flavored Smoke!,"Too bad these are out of stock. It's a really nice smoke for the price. Great flavor, pleasantly surprised!"
JM's Dominican Honey,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,"Very nice smoke, decent flavor worth the price. Nice burn too! Would definitely buy again! Great cigar for new smokers!"
JM's Dominican Honey,5 out of 5,Very flavorful,I enjoyed these cigars. They are sweet and full of flavor. Nice and smooth perfect for novice smokers and new.
JM's Dominican Honey,5 out of 5,JM'sinicans,Excellent cigar comparable to cuban honeys
JM's Dominican Honey,5 out of 5,Like the flavor,Like the flavor
JM's Nicaraguan,5 out of 5,JM,No better value.
JM's Nicaraguan,5 out of 5,get your money's worth,Great cigar for the price !!
JM's Nicaraguan,5 out of 5,Best bang for buck out there,"My go-to everyday stick. Full flavor. Burns well with a skilled light. Comes pre-punched, which is a little drug-store-ish, but the draw is good if you give it a real cut. Not too tightly rolled. Ages nicely, especially with cedar."
JM's Nicaraguan,3 out of 5,Ok for yard work nothing special,Just ok cigar needs more flavor though.
JM's Nicaraguan,3 out of 5,Not a bad cigar average taste but needs more flavor,Average smoke but it lacks the deep maduro flavor. If they can amp it up abit I would love it. I get bored smoking it. Ill try the Dominican maduro next and tell you if I like it. It's the best Cuban sandwich out there but that's not saying much. Up the flavor a little bit and it's a winner. Bought the box of fifty and gave most of them away. Because Its a boring smoke. Some people like that not me. Its a decent cigar but just lack that star power
JM's Nicaraguan,4 out of 5,A great find and value,"I ‘m a fan of big ring sizes and Nicaraguan tobaccos. I tried these on a whim after a prompt from the website. Net-net they are a great value and have become one of my day-to-day smokes. While it may lack some of the rich flavor profile of a more expensive smoke they’re not bland and they’re NEVER harsh - an unforgivable failing in my opinion. Surprisingly I’ve come to appreciate that they come pre punched. Construction is consistent with the rare run or tunnel but I’ve never had to abandon one. All in all, for a reasonably priced days to day smoke I love them and recommend them highly."
JM's Nicaraguan,5 out of 5,Delicious,"Had no problem with it, Smooth taste, burned evenly and lasted a long time. I would recommend it."
JM's Nicaraguan,3 out of 5,JM'S,"I GIVE THESE A 3 STAR...I SMOKE TWO CIGARS A DAY....THESE ARE GOOD FOR A QUICK ONE
THERE NICE WHEN YOU DON'T HAVE YOUR CUTTER WITH THEY COME WITH A PUNCH...FIRST
SMOKED THEM WILE ON VACA IN CALI.BURN VERY EVEN, THEY STAY LIT.."
JM's Nicaraguan,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Decent cigar for the price. So if you smoke 6 or 7 cigars a day try these and you won't look cheep if you give a friend one
John Bull,4 out of 5,Goes from mild to poor,Goes from mild to poor taste at end
John Bull,5 out of 5,Good cogar,Good cogar
John Bull,4 out of 5,Good value,Nice smoke
John Bull,4 out of 5,value,My favorite everyday cigar
John Bull,4 out of 5,It is a good daily,It is a good daily cigar perfect for being on the job
John Bull,4 out of 5,Pretty good cigar,As a bargain cigar guy (poor) I must look for smokes that are decent yet affordable but not cheap. These fit the bill !
John Bull,4 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth
John Bull,5 out of 5,Good value.,"I usually smoke Arturo Fuentes..double Corona, and these smokes are real smooth too"
John Bull,5 out of 5,Ok,Ok
John Bull,5 out of 5,John Bull fan,"Good taste, smooth to the end, doesn’t burn. Great value for the money"
John Bull,5 out of 5,"Quality, pricing","This brand is affordable, as well as timely delivery.
Do you have a virtual class that you can provide for quality size and mix and match type with preference of wine liquor or whiskey.??
Thank you...
Consumer.."
John Bull,5 out of 5,Buy these if you seek true happiness lolol,"Compares excellently to CAO Gold Double Corona. In a blind taste taste my grandfather failed to detect the difference and the CAO I mentioned is honestly the only cigar he will buy for himself, unless it's a one off of course. Anyway I love it and at it being approx half the price of the cigar to which I keep comparing it, I am very pleased as I have nostalgically grown fond of them and so these Prime Ministers being almost exact duplicates are a very welcome find. The overall quality and build construction leave no room for improvement. The taste of the draw though after a time you do become aware that it is ever so slightly inferior, but we again are comparing this John Bull to one of the best cigars in the world in my opinion."
John Bull,3 out of 5,Just ok cigar when I,Just ok cigar when I do yard work.
John Bull,5 out of 5,Beautiful cigar,Enjoyable smooth smoke
John Bull,5 out of 5,"Very Smooth cigar, and a","Very Smooth cigar, and a good draw all the way through"
John Bull,5 out of 5,5 star cigar!,"After 30+ years hiatus from smoking (cigarettes) I started smoking cigars in October last year. I've tried many many great and not so great cigars in this time from Connecticuts to Maduros. But for my taste and money this Bulldog beats them all. Smooth cedar smoke, good burn, and money in my pocket...try em, you won't be disappointed."
John Bull,4 out of 5,What a DEAL!,For me the hunt for a reasonably priced everyday cigar is over. I’ve tried many in search for that one cigar that delivers a smooth mellow yet satisfying smoke. John Bull is my new go to I have to look no further. My only regret is that all the time I wasted perusing different sticks looking for the right one. I just bought my second box and if this price is the norm it will always be in my humidor
John Bull,5 out of 5,Very enjoyable,"Beautiful smoke, Great flavor, reasonable price. Will order again."
John Bull,5 out of 5,Great smoke for the price.,Great smoke for the price.
John Bull,4 out of 5,Great daily smokes!,Delicious little cheap stogies. I’ll definitely buy them again.
John Bull,5 out of 5,Smooth smoke to the end,"A very good everyday smoke. I smoke these down to the nub, no harsh taste as you toward the end. I will always have these on hand because you have to have something to smoke on a Tuesday afternoon."
John Bull,5 out of 5,Very Good,Very Very Nice cigar And sweet tobacco enjoy 😉
John Bull,5 out of 5,Very Good cigars,John Bull is the best deal for your dollar. All my golf buddies are always looking for a stick when we play a round of golf. Never have to worry if it gets trampled because of the price. For me (and my friends) it's as good as any $12.00 cigar. Will always be in my humidor!
John Bull,5 out of 5,Very nice 👍🏻,"Very smooth smoke with a most enjoyable flavor, and at a great price!"
John Bull,5 out of 5,Very Good,Nice and creamy sweet
John Bull,5 out of 5,#1,Very Very Nice cigar And sweet tobacco
John Bull,5 out of 5,Fine!,Perfect Draw no bitter cigar!!
John Bull,5 out of 5,John Bull,Fine cigars!
John Bull,5 out of 5,Nice,Very nice Cigars super creamy cigar
John Bull,5 out of 5,Sir Winston,"Very sweet,Long filler,No bitter,King of cigar!"
John Bull,5 out of 5,Bulldog,Very good Cigars never Bitter Never harsh
John Bull,4 out of 5,"A nice smoke, although the","A nice smoke, although the last box arrived very dry.and had to be humidified several days before I conld smoke without the wrapper unwinding."
John Bull,4 out of 5,Good Smoke...Tough Draw,"This is a very nice cigar. Nice flavor from start to finish. I had a handful that the wrapper unraveled on me but a couple of weeks in the humidor fixed it for the most part. My only real gripe is the hard draw. It gives you a workout smoking it, but all in all a nice smoke. Recommended!"
John Bull,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Glad they back in stock. Ordered 2 boxes.
John Bull,4 out of 5,Good smoke at reasonable price.,Good smoke at reasonable price. What more could you ask
John Bull,4 out of 5,Quality Working Man’s Gar,"Always burns right, light taste, full smoke in every draw. Value for the dollar."
John Bull,4 out of 5,John Bull,Good for an everyday cigar. A few were rolled super tight and had a bad draw. Over all just good.
John Bull,4 out of 5,John Bull,"Good cigar great price. The box of 30 gives room for plugged cigars, found a few but opened them up with cigar tool. Over all enjoyable down to the finger tips"
John Bull,5 out of 5,Great cigar at reasonable price.,Great cigar at reasonable price.
John Bull,5 out of 5,Great cigar,My every day go to Cigar can’t beat them for the price
John Bull,4 out of 5,Best cigar for the price!,Best cigar for the price!
John Bull,5 out of 5,Very nice and smooth.,Very nice and smooth.
John Bull,4 out of 5,It's good,"Still having problems recently with hard to smoke cigars wether packed too tight or what
No but overall good value."
John Bull,4 out of 5,John Bull Crown Coronas are more powerful than a bulldog!,John Bull is more powerful than a bulldog! It is also the most powerful steam locomotive still in service. Smoke will come out of your ears as well as your smoke stack!
John Bull,5 out of 5,John Bull Crown Corona,Great mild smoke
John Bull,5 out of 5,I’ve tried all the John,I’ve tried all the John Bulls. The Presidents is the best. In fact I like it better than most of the more expensive cigars
John Bull,4 out of 5,Good value,Good value
John Bull,3 out of 5,Not close to Montecristos,These are just an OK cigar. They burn fairly consistently. The flavor is NOT close to a poor man's Montecristo like is stated in the catalog however.
John Bull,5 out of 5,John Bull is no Bull!,I like these a lot! Mellow start to finish.
John Bull,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great cigar
John Bull The Dark Hour,4 out of 5,A very good cigar for,A very good cigar for the price!
John Bull The Dark Hour,4 out of 5,Solid value stick,"Oily, sometimes needs a delight, but a solid, flavorful value. Highly recommend for a daily stick."
John Bull The Dark Hour,4 out of 5,worth trying,"deliciously acceptable in an affordable range.
The taste and aroma is definitely similar to the Sinclair 55 maduro. The smoke is thick and helps with the irritating insects of Northern Michigan. The flavor is quite mild and the aroma is medium in strength and delightfully pleasant (actually the aroma is more gratifying than the flavor, but you can't always get a Partagas without ordering one).
If you like the full flavor and aromatics of the darker cigars, this is a likely contender for your garden variety mosquito chaser. The price is nice as well - give it a try (I started out with a 5pack and escalated my purchase the following month into the churchill size, for a full box)."
John Bull The Dark Hour,4 out of 5,Pleasantly Surprised,"These are really good for the value. Most would consider it a ""yard gar"" but there's a lot of flavor and a lot of smoke packed in these. I picked these up cheap on a sale and had low expectations, but have been happy with their flavor and quality. I would gladly buy them again."
John Bull The Dark Hour,3 out of 5,"Good quality cigar, just not for me","I am a HUGE fan of the Connecticuts, and was excited to see the maduro come out. I gave it 3 stars not because it wasn’t a good cigar but because it simply wasn’t for me. If you are a fan of the La Palina Black then you will love it because it actually tastes better (less of the plastic taste) with identical smoke output."
John Bull The Dark Hour,5 out of 5,Perfect,"Best Sunday afternoon, smoke"
John Bull The Dark Hour,3 out of 5,Well.....,Not bad per say. If you like the Palina Black you will like it. If you don’t it will just be plastic tasting smoke. I am a huge fan of the Connecticut.
John Bull The Dark Hour,4 out of 5,Not Bad,It was a decent smoke. Good for an afternoon break
John Bull The Dark Hour,3 out of 5,Kind of soft,I liked the cigar flavor but it was kind of soft.
John Bull The Dark Hour,4 out of 5,More flavor than the regular John bull,"While I won't be mistaken for a top shelf cigar it's definitely a half step, maybe a whole step even above yard gar. Honestly, this is probably a three-star cigar oh, maybe even three and a half Stars. The catch it on sale and its a 4 star!"
John Bull The Dark Hour,4 out of 5,Freebie,"Got this 5 pack as a freebie. Would consider buying them again. I like to smoke every day if possible.
This one fits the bill. Quick smoke (like 30-45 Min)"
Joya de Nicaragua Antano 1970,4 out of 5,Still great,"Although the wrapper isn't the same oily, spicey, tastey wrapper I remember years ago. This is still my favorite weekend cigar."
Joya de Nicaragua Antano 1970,5 out of 5,Joya de Nicaragua On Point,This cigar was recommended to me. I have had not one complaint. In fact I'm smoking one right now as I write this review.
Joya de Nicaragua Antano 1970,5 out of 5,Get some today!,"Great cigar! These cigars I usually buy locally, one or two at a time when I have something to celebrate. Well, the stock market was so good to me last year (as anyone that was invested should know), I decided to pick up a box. I really recommend giving them some humidor time before sparking one up. Your patience will be rewarded!"
Joya de Nicaragua Antano 1970,5 out of 5,🤘🏻,🤘🏻
Joya de Nicaragua Antano 1970,5 out of 5,Fantastic,These are always a delicious cigar. Definitely recommend them
Joya de Nicaragua Antano 1970,5 out of 5,JDN Antano 1970,"For the sale price point this cigar is my number one. Smooth, creamy with a slight spice. Some of the Churchill’s has a bit tight draw in this batch."
Joya de Nicaragua Antano 1970,5 out of 5,Bassman,Very smooth complex and a good burn another good cigar from DrewEstates
Joya de Nicaragua Antano 1970,5 out of 5,Excellent Joyas!!!!,"My last purchase consisted in a box of Joya de Nicaragua Antaño and a 15 pack of Drew Estate Goodies!! The Joya Antaño is total class and beauty. Brilliant construction, impressive flavor profile, a very good and recommendable cigar."
Joya de Nicaragua Antano 1970,5 out of 5,Joye De consul,My personal favorite
Joya de Nicaragua Antano 1970,5 out of 5,Very good,Very good transaction....great price for a quality cigar!
Joya de Nicaragua Antano 1970,5 out of 5,Joya!,"I bought a smaller size so I could enjoy a cigar on the ride home in the cold midwest. Great cigar, clean burn line and flavors of coffee, cedar and a little sweetness on the retrohale. This is a great cigar for the money and a pleasurable experience over and over again."
Joya de Nicaragua Antano 1970,5 out of 5,Joya de Nicaragua Antano 1970 Consul,"They're very nice cigars. They're well constructed and strong flavored. I like them very much. Your service was, once again, excellent."
Joya de Nicaragua Antano 1970,5 out of 5,Great stick,"Dark, flavorful, smooth. Very consistent in construction, burn, flavor. One of my favorites, and I've pretty much smoked all the premium brands out there. Enjoy!"
Joya de Nicaragua Antano 1970,5 out of 5,antano 1970,smoking this off and on for past few years...excellent cigar ….can't resist when on sale....when did CI start charging tax? good flavor / strong cigar overall/ one of my favorites...
Joya de Nicaragua Antano 1970,5 out of 5,Consul robusto,"I love a Nicaraguan puro, so I decided to try these while they were on sale. Wow, I’m glad I did. Full of flavor, but not as strong as some reviewers talked. That being said, I wouldn’t smoke one of these on an empty stomach. I bought the consul robusto. The smell of the foot was like a strong plug of tobacco, but after the spark, the flavor is great right from the start. Not overpowering, but very satisfying. The 4.5 x 5.2 is short, but with the slow burn, is a perfect smoke for wintertime. I just bought a sample with different sizes to find my favorite, but so far it’s the consul robusto. Very even burn . This will be my favorite smoke in the humidor."
Joya de Nicaragua Antano 1970,5 out of 5,Joya de Nicaragua Antano 1970 Gran Consul,"One of my all time favorites, rich, bold taste. As long as I can afford these I'll keep buying them."
Joya de Nicaragua Antano 1970,5 out of 5,Good cigars,Very good cigar! Very enjoyable
Joya de Nicaragua Antano 1970,5 out of 5,Very smooth smoke,Very smooth smoke
Joya de Nicaragua Antano 1970,4 out of 5,Great cigar!,Great cigar!
Joya de Nicaragua Antano 1970,5 out of 5,Great snow day cigar for,Great snow day cigar for the Buffalo area
Joya de Nicaragua Antano 1970,5 out of 5,Great smokes,Great smokes
Joya de Nicaragua Antano 1970,5 out of 5,Joya De Nicaragua,"My absolute favorite cigar, never lets me down, a firecracker of bold notes from start to finish, a smooth draw from start to finish. I would highly recommend this cigar to all my full bodied cigar smokers out there in cigar land."
Joya de Nicaragua Antano 1970,5 out of 5,These are among my favorites!,These are among my favorites! I always buy a box.
Joya de Nicaragua Antano 1970,5 out of 5,Joya de Nicaragua Antano 1970 Churchill,Great cigar good taste well constructed and good price
Joya de Nicaragua Antano 1970,5 out of 5,Another Hit,Great smoke!
Joya de Nicaragua Antano 1970,5 out of 5,Great tasting cigar,"For the cost of an inexpensive cigar, this cigar delivers great flavor and value."
Joya de Nicaragua Antano 1970,5 out of 5,Thank You Joya!,"Another beauty, smokes like a champion! Consistent, smooth draw, great taste, hints of sweetness in the first third, leveling off to a butterry, nutty explosion of satisfaction."
Joya de Nicaragua Antano 1970,5 out of 5,Nice smoke!,"Great smoke! The price is nice, too. Nothing fancy, but it does remind me of Cuban Monte Cristo in terms of flavor. I’m not a daily smoker, so YMMV."
Joya de Nicaragua Antano 1970,4 out of 5,I'm a maduro smoker and,I'm a maduro smoker and this cigar is similar
Joya de Nicaragua Antano 1970,5 out of 5,Solid,Just a perfect cigar.
Joya de Nicaragua Antano 1970,5 out of 5,Smoken,Goto cigar and have never been disappointed.
Joya de Nicaragua Antano 1970,2 out of 5,Hard draw,"Relighting due to hard draw, dissatisfaction for the money"
Joya de Nicaragua Antano 1970,5 out of 5,My new favorite,These things are spicy powerhouses. They're just FULL of thick smoke. They're absolutely amazing!
Joya de Nicaragua Antano 1970,5 out of 5,Delightful,This is one of my favorite smokes. It has a really nice spiciness to it.
Joya de Nicaragua Antano 1970,5 out of 5,Highly Recommend,"Very good smoke, frim the first draw until you put it down. Even burn, solid smoke."
Joya de Nicaragua Antano 1970,5 out of 5,Joya took it to another level,"Wow..where do I begin with this fantastic cigar? From its superb wrapping, to its buttery texture and wonderful taste this Joya goes way beyond most cigars. Consistent smoke, great draw, nice ash, full body. CI, please keep this bad boy in your rotation!"
Joya de Nicaragua Antano 1970,5 out of 5,never a dull draw,this is my go to cigar for all the right reasons
Joya de Nicaragua Antano 1970,5 out of 5,Antano 1970,One of the original powerhouse cigars; I've smoked these for years and they've always been great. Earthy and leathery with just a touch of spice. Perfect construction and burn. Good down to the nub.
Joya de Nicaragua Antano 1970,5 out of 5,I love this cigar it,I love this cigar it smokes great and is a joy to smoke!
Joya de Nicaragua Antano 1970,5 out of 5,"Full bodied, consistent good quality","I've been smoking these for years, they are full bodied and have consistent good quality."
Joya de Nicaragua Antano 1970,5 out of 5,A Godly Cigar,"You know, God put all that nicotine in tobacco because he intended for cigars to be strong. So here you have it; a stick the Man Upstars wants you to smoke. I always go back to these. Consistent construction, robust flavors, fair pricing, heart palpitations. Oh yeah!"
Joya de Nicaragua Antano 1970,3 out of 5,They’re ok,They’re ok
Joya de Nicaragua Antano 1970,5 out of 5,A superior cigar you can count on,I have been smoking the Joys de Nicaragua Antano 1970 since I tried them at factory rep sample day a few years ago. Always a pleasure and always consistent high quality. And a good price from CI.
Joya de Nicaragua Antano 1970,5 out of 5,Everyday Cigar,"This is so good it could be an everyday stick. I want to try a larger size to compare to the Consul (Robusto). I love this stick, and it's pretty affordable."
Joya de Nicaragua Antano 1970,5 out of 5,One of the top brand,I do enjoy it over 10 years
Joya de Nicaragua Antano 1970,5 out of 5,Choice Smoke,"For the money, this is a very good cigar. I enjoy the citrus and caramel flavor. The construction is usually very good with an occasional unbalanced burn or draw."
Joya de Nicaragua Antano 1970,4 out of 5,"Very good, consistant.","I would say the main thing about these that I love is that they are consistent in taste, smoke and heat. I know what to expect, a good even smoke every time."
Joya de Nicaragua Antano 1970,4 out of 5,Rich and robust!,"Complex and flavorful enough to be a ""treat yourself"" cigar, but smooth and rich enough to be an everyday smoke. I love JdN Antaño 1970 cigars so much, especially paired with a black cup of French roast!"
Joya de Nicaragua Antano 1970,5 out of 5,Great job! 👍🏽,"Fast turn around, with excellent service!"
Joya de Nicaragua Antano 1970,5 out of 5,Joya de Nic Review,Excellent cigar. One of my all-time favs.
Joya de Nicaragua Antano Connecticut,4 out of 5,a solid smoke,Nice smell out of the box; it was able to stay lit; the pull was easy; it got slighty bitter at the end of the 2/3 of the cigar.
Joya de Nicaragua Antano Connecticut,5 out of 5,No sacrifice of flavor!,Impressive! Smooth with no sacrifice of flavor and needs to be in the humidor. Don't burn your fingers because it's tasty to the very end of the stick.
Joya de Nicaragua Antano Connecticut,5 out of 5,The Joy of Joya,"These are very consistent cigars from end to end. Top shelve: construction, draw, burn, taste. I'd classify this smooth smoke stick as a dead on medium. Joya de Nicaragua has never disappointed me with their selections. Well worth it."
Joya de Nicaragua Antano Dark Corojo,5 out of 5,Lovely,Lovely
Joya de Nicaragua Antano Dark Corojo,5 out of 5,Good smooth smoke,The anytime cigar good with your coffee in the morning equally as good with a nice glass of whiskey or an ice cold beer
Joya de Nicaragua Antano Dark Corojo,5 out of 5,DARK NOTES ON THE SWEET SPOT,"Dark chocolate notes with a hint of citrus on the palate. Strong but refreshing, hits you on the sweet spot every time."
Joya de Nicaragua Antano Dark Corojo,5 out of 5,#WorthIt,This has to be one of the strongest sticks ive ever smoked. I mean a total head banger. Just what the doctor ordered. Add some Monkey Shoulder and be prepared for a pretty awesome night. Sidenote: I wouldnt be in position to operate heavy machinery afterwards. LOLOL
Joya de Nicaragua Antano Dark Corojo,5 out of 5,Great cigar!!,This is a AWESOME cigar. I will definitely be ordering more for the humidor.
Joya de Nicaragua Antano Dark Corojo,5 out of 5,Nice smoke smooth,Nice smoke smooth
Joya de Nicaragua Antano Dark Corojo,1 out of 5,Will not purchase a second time,"I had terrible luck with these. Very difficult draw and hard to keep lit. I typically have to relight each one a minimum of 4x. Light up, some for a while, goes out...repeat. It’s very disappointing given how much I love the Antaño 1970 and even the joya red. I won’t be buying these again."
Joya de Nicaragua Antano Dark Corojo,5 out of 5,Joya Antaño,My opinion best Nicaraguan. Great smoke and equally great finish
Joya de Nicaragua Antano Dark Corojo,4 out of 5,Nice..,Nice..
Joya de Nicaragua Antano Dark Corojo,5 out of 5,Always a good smoke.,Always a good smoke.
Joya de Nicaragua Antano Dark Corojo,5 out of 5,Knockout!,These are another winner from Joya de Nicaragua. Not as spicy as the 1970 but still very strong and full-bodied.
Joya de Nicaragua Antano Dark Corojo,5 out of 5,Great full body smoke!,Great full body smoke!
Joya de Nicaragua Antano Dark Corojo,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,The flavor and taste are superb!
Joya de Nicaragua Antano Dark Corojo,5 out of 5,It's a great smoke,I love them.
Joya de Nicaragua Antano Dark Corojo,5 out of 5,Quality,Fantastic smoke. Great size. Brilliant construction. Complex and smokes like a true maduro.
Joya de Nicaragua Antano Dark Corojo,4 out of 5,Very good smoke and I,Very good smoke and I think you should try it
Joya de Nicaragua Antano Dark Corojo,5 out of 5,"These babies pack a punch, but getting hit never felt so good.","Strong, yet smooth. My current favorite smoke!"
Joya de Nicaragua Antano Dark Corojo,5 out of 5,Smooth as silk😎🎩,Smooth as silk😎🎩
Joya de Nicaragua Antano Dark Corojo,5 out of 5,Another Top Drawer Smoke!,"I bought a box of these some time ago and was so impressed that I bought another.
I always let Cigars age before trying them. At least 6 months but usually one year.
Aging eliminates burn problems, lighting problems, draw problems, etc.
These are top Cigars. They aren't Oliva Master Blends or Prensado but they are really up there"
Joya de Nicaragua Antano Dark Corojo,2 out of 5,Enjoyable,Enjoyable! Was expecting more though.
Joya de Nicaragua Antano Dark Corojo,5 out of 5,Joya de Nicaragua,The cigar was so good I re ordered 10 more after smoking my first. It has a nice smooth burn and the taste was nice.
Joya de Nicaragua Antano Dark Corojo,2 out of 5,General review this cigar.,"1. Taste was fair.
2. Draw. Packed very tight. Difficult draw.
3. Constant relighting."
Joya de Nicaragua Antano Dark Corojo,5 out of 5,I waited to try this one… Bummer,"i'm stingy with the 5 star ratings but this one deserves it.. This is a great smoke. Strong and spicy with strong mineral tones, it's a winner. It has a good burn and a ton of thick smoke. If full and Nicaraguan is for you, try this cigar."
Joya de Nicaragua Antano Dark Corojo,4 out of 5,Good cigar,"Ive been smoking these for about 3 years now. I typically reserve them for late night bourbon and bbq nights with the boys. Definitley a strong cigar but that being said i think its nothing overwhelming. Its a nice blend of oaky ,earthy and creamy with just enough spice that you can detect it in the nostrils. The only reason im giving it a 4 and not a 5 is they never burn perfect or light up easily. Still the flavors are totally there."
Joya de Nicaragua Antano Dark Corojo,5 out of 5,One of my all timers,"Full bodied and smooth. For me it's one of those I enjoy after a nice meal to cap off the evening. They are consistent, low maintenance, and high quality. A man's dream."
Joya de Nicaragua Antano Dark Corojo,5 out of 5,"Nice draw, smooth taste",Really enjoy this cigar...exceeded my expectations. I will definitely be ordering another box.
Joya de Nicaragua Antano Dark Corojo,5 out of 5,A serious smoke,Bold yet subtle flavor. Distinctly pleasant room-filling aroma. Just watch the hair grow on your chest while smoking.
Joya de Nicaragua Antano Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,The best of Joya de Nicaragua brand.,"Bought a box of Robusto Grande 5 x 52, these are the best Joya the Nicaragua. The Corojo wrapper is beautiful, the smooth flavorful good tobacco, the balance obtained in these cigars is amazing."
Joya de Nicaragua Black,4 out of 5,Joya Black,"Now this is the flavor I have known and expected from one of my favorite cigar makers. Easy draw, first 1/3 was full of flavor as was the case to the finish. Good even burn with a long clean ash. Definitely on my reorder list."
Joya de Nicaragua Black,5 out of 5,Great taste and smoke,Great taste and smoke
Joya de Nicaragua Black,5 out of 5,Very good,great flavor and good for a quicker smoke.
Joya de Nicaragua Black,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,"I like the flavor, very smooth."
Joya de Nicaragua Black,4 out of 5,Tasty,Very tasty great price much better after a little time in humidor I will buy again
Joya de Nicaragua Black,5 out of 5,Good,Very good for me
Joya de Nicaragua Black,4 out of 5,Good anytime smoke,"I like the full bodied flavor of the joya black, it's a good all around smoke."
Joya de Nicaragua Black,5 out of 5,T Bird Classic,Purchased these for our annual golf tournament. Everybody loved the cigar!
Joya de Nicaragua Black,5 out of 5,Nice and smooth w/ great,Nice and smooth w/ great flavor
Joya de Nicaragua Black,4 out of 5,Good,Good cigar
Joya de Nicaragua Black,4 out of 5,Full flavored Medium,"Joya, noted for some strong cigars that can knock your socks off. This one is a tamer version but still has a flavorful profile without any harshness."
Joya de Nicaragua Black,4 out of 5,Dark and lots of flavor,"Dark with lots of pepper. Strong cigar, nice burn and good construction"
Joya de Nicaragua Black,4 out of 5,A real powerhouse of aroma,"I spend more time sniffing the smoke trails from the cigar than by mouth taste. This is one enjoyable power house. It's the cigar equivalent of a Christmas Hallmark Movie vs. the film ""Dunkirk"". This one is Dunkirk. Burnt real slow, evenly and an incredibly excellent aroma.
Gonna get me some more of these."
Joya de Nicaragua Black,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,Very smooth and good burning smoke.. highly recommend this
Joya de Nicaragua Black,5 out of 5,Great Smoke!,Excellent smoke! Lit one up right out of the box on delivery day - Wonderful!!! Can't wait to see how they perform after resting in the Humidor for a while. Will definitely on my reorder list.
Joya de Nicaragua Black,5 out of 5,Top 10,"This is one of my favorite sticks. Chewy smoke with lots of flavor.
One of the best from Joya."
Joya de Nicaragua Black,4 out of 5,This is a keeper!,"I'm writing this review as I'm smoking my first one. Great taste in light up. Nicely wrapped, smooth with an easy draw. I'm not much for less powerhouses than fulls but this will definitely be in the rotation. This is a winner."
Joya de Nicaragua Black,5 out of 5,INCREDIBLE,I can't say enough good things about this cigar! A new favorite addiction!
Joya de Nicaragua Cabinetta,5 out of 5,Cabinetta joya,Enjoyed the cigar. One of my favorite smokes from my trip to Nicaragua
Joya de Nicaragua Cabinetta,5 out of 5,Amazing,Smooth and creamy all the way to the dark wrapper. Then it hits a richer taste to finish it off. Will buy again.
Joya de Nicaragua Cabinetta,5 out of 5,Great purchase,"Medium mild, just like I like them. Good draw. The only thing is getting used to the bi-color wrapper. But so what, it does not effect the taste."
Joya de Nicaragua Cabinetta,5 out of 5,Awesome smooth Cigar!,Awesome smooth Cigar!
Joya de Nicaragua Cabinetta,5 out of 5,good,good
Joya de Nicaragua Cabinetta,3 out of 5,Good flavor,Cigars did not burn well. Had to relight several times on multile cigars
Joya de Nicaragua Cabinetta,5 out of 5,Highly recommend.,"I really like these. Just had one that was in my humidor for over two months, it was so smooth."
Joya de Nicaragua Cabinetta,5 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth
Joya de Nicaragua Cabinetta,4 out of 5,Joys cabinneta,"Very smooth, mild yet satisfying. Like them a lot"
Joya de Nicaragua Cabinetta,5 out of 5,Great cigar,If you like Joya this is one of the best one I had. I try them all and by far this is the best. Nice burn and very tasteful. Great med bodied cigar!
Joya de Nicaragua Cabinetta,5 out of 5,Enjoyable,Good afternoon/early evening smoke.. long lasting.. good flavor
Joya de Nicaragua Cabinetta,5 out of 5,Top shelf,Top shelf
Joya de Nicaragua Cabinetta,4 out of 5,One of my Favorites,"Great everyday cigar, it's earthy, hints of cocoa, it's also nice to be able to get a box of these, I had previously only found them in 5 packs. And I noticed the darker wrap is a little longer than before, and the larger band is different. I never quite get down to smoking the dark wrapper, so now that it's longer, I'm reaching it and I can taste the change. Hey, has anyone tried smoking these backwards? (light the end you cut)"
Joya de Nicaragua Cabinetta,3 out of 5,J. CABINETTA ROBUSTO,Good cigar with a smooth start and a powerful kick at the end.
Joya de Nicaragua Cabinetta,5 out of 5,very fast delivery and fresh,very fast delivery and fresh cigars will order again
Joya de Nicaragua Cabinetta,5 out of 5,Joya,Good mellow smoke burns nice
Joya de Nicaragua Cabinetta,5 out of 5,My favorite Igor !!,My favorite Igor !!
Joya de Nicaragua Cabinetta,5 out of 5,Great Daily,These babies have lots of great smoke and hints of pepper and leather. It's a great smoke as a daily or while traveling. Great with a nice cup of coffee or shot of a nice dark rum.
Joya de Nicaragua Cabinetta,5 out of 5,The Best,CI is the best!! Order was filled and delivered fast and on time. Never have a problem with CI!!! The Best!!
Joya de Nicaragua Cabinetta,5 out of 5,Legit,Worth a try
Joya de Nicaragua Cabinetta,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke!,"For the price, the cigar burns so evenly. Great flavor, highly recommended!"
Joya de Nicaragua Cabinetta,4 out of 5,Solid smoke at a good price.,"I was hoping to find the lonsdale size of this cigar, but the robusto was a decent replacement. Burns even, not too overpowering, good flavor. I would buy these again."
Joya de Nicaragua Cabinetta,4 out of 5,More Joya goodness!,"Sweet, creamy, with a little spice. Who could ask for more?"
Joya de Nicaragua Cabinetta,3 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke and development of flavors as you get to the second wrapper.
Joya de Nicaragua Cinco Decadas,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,From beginning to end this is a great cigar. good draw with good even burn. leans toward the full body side but very nice smoke
Joya de Nicaragua Cuatro Cinco,5 out of 5,Excellent Stick,"Even burn, great draw, long lasting stick."
Joya de Nicaragua Cuatro Cinco,5 out of 5,Purchase this ASAP!,Excellent cigar I passed a lot out to the club and it’s definitely and interesting worth while smoke.
Joya de Nicaragua Cuatro Cinco,5 out of 5,Sean-Dallas,Great smoke and value !!!
Joya de Nicaragua Cuatro Cinco,2 out of 5,Bad batch,Very dry when I received the package open the box 8 out of ten cigars we're damaged leafs were peeling put them in humidor for about a week still dry rotted tried freezing finally lit one terrible burn slow smoke hard draw. These are my favorite and normally smokes really good. Bad Batch!
Joya de Nicaragua Cuatro Cinco,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,I have enjoyed every one of these.
Joya de Nicaragua Cuatro Cinco,5 out of 5,Great smoke.,My number one smoke hands down. Great flavor stout burn full to medium body. I smoke it with a small glass of Jack on the back with friends and family. Buy it you want regret one thing about it. The only bad thing is you have to buy 10 at a time.
Joya de Nicaragua JOYA Copper,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"Everything you want in a premium cigar; flavor, even burn, good construction."
Joya de Nicaragua JOYA Copper,3 out of 5,"Not a bad cigar, probably","Not a bad cigar, probably won’t get them all the time. Maybe once and a while tho"
Joya de Nicaragua JOYA Copper,4 out of 5,"Nice, on time, complete order.","Nice, on time, complete order. Product is very solid"
Joya de Nicaragua JOYA Copper,4 out of 5,Very nice,Very nice
Joya de Nicaragua JOYA Copper,4 out of 5,"Started out as a full bodied gem but.....,","Great transition smoke that started like a freight train but mellowed out to a soft wood, nut and tannon finish with tons of smoke."
Joya de Nicaragua JOYA Red,5 out of 5,tasty!,tasty!
Joya de Nicaragua JOYA Red,3 out of 5,joya Reds,"I've always been a big fan of Joya de Nicaragua cigars. They are satisfying and a pleasure to smoke. The Joya Reds was somewhat disappointing. The draw is excellent, the first 1/3 was rather tasteless as was the remainder. They were well rolled burnt evenly and left a long clean ash. This one is just not my cup of tea!"
Joya de Nicaragua JOYA Red,3 out of 5,Construction issues,"Great flavors, but terrible issues with the burn. The majority of the ends split after cutting them. I also had trouble with getting the right humidity as they always seem too moist. The box of cigars was basically a waste of money."
Joya de Nicaragua JOYA Red,5 out of 5,Time to hoard these bad boys!,"These are the most even burning, tastiest medium bodied cigars I and my wife have ever smoked. Maybe I need to get out more but I bought 4 more boxes, I would rather run out of toilet paper than run out of these!"
Joya de Nicaragua JOYA Red,3 out of 5,Inconsistent burn,"I bought a box because I had previously had them an enjoyed them. As I went through the box I noticed a inconsistency in the draw. Some burned really nicely from beginning to end. Some started out with a tight draw but got better. Some had a tight draw from the beginning till I reached the max of my frustration. That said, when I got a good one I enjoyed it. Medium body. Come on Joya, you can do this!"
Joya de Nicaragua JOYA Red,4 out of 5,Keeper,"Good solid smoke, not deserving of a five but competent. Excellent construction, good flavor, great price."
Joya de Nicaragua JOYA Red,4 out of 5,Joya Reds are my go to daily standard,"Joya Reds are my go to daily standard. Good before or breakfast with a coffee. Great in afternoon or after dinner, although Black or Antano go better."
Joya de Nicaragua JOYA Red,4 out of 5,Joya,Strong great smooth smoke
Joya de Nicaragua JOYA Red,5 out of 5,My favorite cigar!,"This stick never disappoints. Perfect draw, even burn throughout, and it just gets better as it goes on. A nice medium-bodied treat."
Joya de Nicaragua JOYA Red,3 out of 5,Meh for Me,"This cigar gets good reviews, but it just didn't ""wow"" me. I noticed a hot blast of pepper when I first lit it. It remained full-bodied, but I could notice moments of creaminess, nuts and toast. All in all it stayed heavy with pepper during and after the smoke. I finished the stick, but would probably not buy the Toro again. I might give it another try in the Robusto size."
Joya de Nicaragua JOYA Red,4 out of 5,good cigar for the price,"I have come to really enjoy the Joya Red. They are priced reasonably enough to smoke every day and the Canonazo is just the right size to kick back after work and unwind. One annoyance kept me from giving five stars (in fact, I would have given 3 1/2 if that were possible). The draw on 90% of each box is spot on but the other 10% end up in the ash can. The draw is just impossible. Not quite a deal breaker as I really like these smokes just very annoying."
Joya de Nicaragua JOYA Red,3 out of 5,Joya Reds,"The cigars are great, the lower rating is based on condition upon arrival. Dealing with cracking on a few."
Joya de Nicaragua JOYA Red,5 out of 5,Joya Red toro rocks!,Enjoyable and dependably tasty smoke for a great price.
Joya de Nicaragua JOYA Red,5 out of 5,JOYA RED,"An amazing everyday cigar. I've shared my Joya Reds with friends and family and the overwhelming response is ""OUTSTANDING""."
Joya de Nicaragua JOYA Red,4 out of 5,Very smooth,Not a bad cigar. Very light a mellow. Nice cigar for relaxing. Paired well with light beverages as well.
Joya de Nicaragua JOYA Red,5 out of 5,Most enJOYAble smoke,"This in one of my favorite smokes. Great draw, consistent burn, pleasant flavor and aroma for myself and others."
Joya de Nicaragua JOYA Red,4 out of 5,Excellent and full of flavor,Very smooth cigar. Smokes even and mild to medium with good flavor. A go to for me on the patio or golf course. Always have these in my humidor.
Joya de Nicaragua JOYA Red,4 out of 5,JOYA Red is a favorite,The JOYA Red ia a goto for me. Medium to Mild strength with alot of flavor always smokes well and even for me. One of 4 favorites of mine always have them in my humidor.
Joya de Nicaragua JOYA Red,5 out of 5,"JOYA Red, make any moment special!","An excellent cigar for anytime. It is my quintessential breakfast cigar, sweet, spicy blend to go with my morning coffee. I always catch hints of cinnamon and just a bit of pepper to tickle the nose. Highly recommended!"
Joya de Nicaragua JOYA Red,5 out of 5,I Enjoya My Joya Red!,"Great smoke. Great price. Lit well, easy draw and burned evenly and cool. This is my choice for my daily smoke! Buy a box you won't regret."
Joya de Nicaragua JOYA Red,4 out of 5,Joya de Nicaragua Joya Red Short Churchill,This is an excellent smoke. I will be reordering in the future.
Joya de Nicaragua JOYA Red,5 out of 5,Nice taste,Very nice cigar nice and mild
Joya de Nicaragua JOYA Red,2 out of 5,"Crumbly wrapper, not a lot of flavor.","I received this cigar as part of a brown bag special. It has been living in the humidor for about a month, and a cool halloween night just seemed like a good time to try it out. Sadly, the wrapper fell apart and left me with an almost bare cigar about a 1/4 of the way in. While it held together, it produce a large volume of smoke, but without much in the flavor department."
Joya de Nicaragua JOYA Red,2 out of 5,Started out great...Then flopped,"Friend and I tried these sticks and at first we were both amazed by the flavors of these sticks (especially for their cost), but those flavors soon turned to just a plain ol'smoke...Did anyone else get this from these sticks? If we just got bunk sticks then we would give these another go. We both thought these were ""box worthy"" and then the letdown."
Joya de Nicaragua JOYA Red,5 out of 5,JDN Red Toro.....Great Stick!,A great go to cigar.
Joya de Nicaragua JOYA Red,5 out of 5,JDN Short Churchill ...great smoke,Small smoke but big in flavor. You won't be disappointed in any of the JDN line from Drew Estate. Enjoy....
Joya de Nicaragua JOYA Red,3 out of 5,Nicaraguan Dirty Bomb,"Toro's construction was great. Burn was razor sharp. When burn went a little wonky, it would self correct. Ash held on. Didn't want to drop off. The wrapper was silky smooth. The stick produced an abundance of foot smoke. Stayed fairly cool throughout. The draw was a bit tight, but not a problem. Flavor dominated by dry earth. There was some hints of chocolate early on, but didn't last long. There were some hints of cedar on the draw and floral hints on the retrohale in the last third. Long finish of earth throughout. Not very much strength. Love the construction. Not a fan of the flavor profile."
Joya de Nicaragua JOYA Red,4 out of 5,Joy to smoke,"Nice smoke, good draw and solid taste."
Joya de Nicaragua JOYA Red,5 out of 5,Great smokes,"I tried these first when my son-in-law brought them to a family gathering and I found them to be very enjoyable. They are full of flavor that is smooth and mild enough for the occasional smoker, yet full bodied enough to please the more seasoned person. Disappointed that I couldn’t find them locally I turned to CI. Great price, quick shipping, will definitely order more."
Joya de Nicaragua JOYA Red,5 out of 5,Great service,I really enjoyed my first order I will be back
Joya de Nicaragua JOYA Red,5 out of 5,Niiiiicceeeee,"So, got one of these in a CI grab bag deal. Didn't think much of it until I fired this little red baby up. Great taste, definitely a medium stick, lots of smoke, burned great! All the things you can ask for in a cugar... I will picking up more of these bad boys very soon...."
Joya de Nicaragua JOYA Red,5 out of 5,Hoya red,"Great cigar for the money, little dissatisfied with the ring size, would buy again"
Joya de Nicaragua JOYA Red,5 out of 5,spice and nice,"Not a bad cigar. I enjoyed the 5-pack. Spice, medium to full. Don't know why, but I did tire of the taste after the 5-pack and didn't want to buy more. It is a premium cigar and it is a good tasting cigar, but five of these was enough."
Joya de Nicaragua JOYA Red,4 out of 5,Excellent value,"Smooth finish, great value for a premium smoke"
Joya de Nicaragua JOYA Red,5 out of 5,one of my favorite go,one of my favorite go to cigars.
Joya de Nicaragua JOYA Red,5 out of 5,well deserved rating.,I've been drunk out of my gourd in Estelli...smoking these as fresh as the come!
Joya de Nicaragua JOYA Red,5 out of 5,Fuzzy thoughts of a great smoke.,"I ran into a few of these while drunk in Estelli, Nicaragua in 2013. Am hoping they still taste the same!"
Joya de Nicaragua JOYA Red,5 out of 5,Joya Red,"Robust is an excellent cigar, smooth and balanced with a creamy nuttiness and slight sweetness at the end. Delightful and well worth the price!"
Joya de Nicaragua JOYA Red,1 out of 5,Joya Red Canonazo,I was very disappointed with this order. I bought a box of these cigars and over half of the box of these cigars were dry and came apart when I tried to smoke them. I will not buy a box of these again.
Joya de Nicaragua JOYA Red,5 out of 5,great service.,great service.
Joya de Nicaragua JOYA Red,5 out of 5,Joya Red,Excellent quality and fast shipping. Live buying from CI!
Joya de Nicaragua JOYA Red,5 out of 5,JOYA Red,fantastic stick anytime of the day
Joya de Nicaragua JOYA Red,4 out of 5,Joya Red,"Great cigar. Full body, medium strength and a fair price point. Nice spice with just a touch of sweetness. I enjoyed the Robusto and Toro equally. I'm a JdN fan in general and find this smoke slightly more interesting than the more powerful Antano."
Joya de Nicaragua JOYA Red,5 out of 5,Joya Red Toro,Very nice stick! Well constructed with a good slow burn. has a really interesting sweet taste that is subtle but enjoyable. Not my everyday stick but a really inetersting change up and overall nice to have in the humidor. I generally trend toward more full bodied cigars and this one is very enjoyable at the medium to full experience. Received it on my monthly cigar cigar club shipment (Best thing since sliced bread!) and having been thanking CI ever since.
Joya de Nicaragua JOYA Red,5 out of 5,great service.,great service.
Joya de Nicaragua JOYA Red,4 out of 5,New Regular,Have to agree with CT of Texas. Not as strong as the Antano but very similar in flavor w/ softer edge. Wonderful everyday gar and perfect on the golf course as well. Smoked a couple boxes of the Canonazo size w my golf buddies this summer. Nice even burn for a good 7- 8 holes. If you enjoy JdN Antonio 1970 this is a must try.
Joya de Nicaragua JOYA Red,5 out of 5,JOYA Red is Good!,Sort of Hate when this bewdy of a smoke is over! It has great flavour that holds throughout and it finishes nicely. Heartily Recommended! ~;0) VivaChas!
Joya de Nicaragua Silver,5 out of 5,Truly nice cigar,Truly nice cigar
Joya de Nicaragua Silver,5 out of 5,Enjoyable 👍,"Enjoyable smoke— Full body , Medium In Strength, smooth all the day- I must say this maybe a Box worthy option, Good Job drew estate and Joya!"
Joya de Nicaragua Silver,3 out of 5,"Joya Silver, toro","Medium body, mellow flavor. Enjoyable, but not as much as the Red and Black."
Joya de Nicaragua Silver,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Great Cigar
Joya del Jefe,5 out of 5,good for random smokes,"i use a punch, neat smoke, burn is real good. good for daily! its very decent for the price. I have only had it with beer and tequila so far. wasn't in mood for whiskey yet! but i bet it will excel."
Joya del Jefe,5 out of 5,Best Golf Cigar!,"Purchased several times. This is THE golf cigar. It's light - goes well with Coors Light on a hot day (not so much with a heavy IPA craft beer or neat Scotch). Burns even, tastes great down to the nub. Each one costs less than a golf ball, so you don't feel bad if you accidentally drop it in the water hazard.
Sometimes they arrive dry and then the wrapper flakes. I put them in my humidor and wait a bit, they're fine.
All of my friends are happy when I pull these out on the course. Hit 'em straight!"
Joya del Jefe,5 out of 5,Great Everday Smoke,"I've purchased these cigars a few times now. They have always arrived in good condition, and are always very fresh. Overall, they are a great everyday cigar. I have never had an issue with canoeing, and so far have been pleased. If you are looking for a budget cigar look no further."
Joya del Jefe,4 out of 5,Delicious Cigars,"good quality, nice and delicious cigars. thanks."
Joya del Jefe,4 out of 5,entry level cigar,The price is reasonable. entry level cigar.
Joya del Jefe,4 out of 5,Superior value,"4 stars based on value. I've smoked about 30 of these, mostly on the golf course. Only 1 ""bad"" one so far, which required a little attention, but I still finished it.
While somewhat dry, especially the wrapper, still very satisfied and I'm ordering another bundle today."
Joya del Jefe,4 out of 5,Good smoke,"Great value. Good smoke, always a few in my
Golf bag."
Joya del Jefe,5 out of 5,A nice mild cigar,A nice mild cigar.
Joya del Jefe,5 out of 5,Steady Quality at a great price.,"Great value smoke. The price keeps creeping up, and I can see why! They'll cross the ""that's a great cheap cigar"" threshold pretty soon, at this rate. Happily, I still have enough stashed away to last at least through all of next summer's ""grab a cigar and ride the mower"" needs."
Joya del Jefe,4 out of 5,Decent for the Price. Good Overall Smoke,"I have purchased these cigars several times. The cigars usually are fresh, and overall are a good smoke. They very rarely canoe when smoking and are very long smoking (which I like). I had several cigars in the last shipment that had wrappers which were unraveling. I was not happy about that, but this was the first time it happened. I reached out an spoke with customer service, which promptly offered a credit for the cigars. The credit did not have an expiration date, which unlike other companies was great. There was no pressure on me to hurry up and order cigars before it expired. Cigars International did the right thing."
Joya del Jefe,3 out of 5,Bitter but cheap,Everyday smoker but will not buy again. bitter taste all through the cigar
Joya del Jefe,3 out of 5,"Probably like its maker, this cigar is bitter close to the end...",I really like these cigars but i'd like them better if there weren't a bitter taste 2/3's through the cigar.
Joya del Jefe,1 out of 5,"Zero star cigar, It got one as it is required.","This stick was in the poor boy sampler I ordered. Looked good, and tasted bad. I have smoked almost half of the poor boy sampler and this one by far was the worst. I smoked over a third of it and dropped it in the fire pit. Cheap is not always good. I will throw the other one also. Now I have had some good sticks out of the poor boy, This was not one of them."
Joya del Jefe,5 out of 5,excellent!!!!!!!,"excellent smoke, it burns evenly, soft and intense flavor, I recommend it"
Joya del Jefe,3 out of 5,An everyday smoke,"A nice everyday smoke.
Pros: Good smoke and flavor
Cons: uneven burn and canoeing"
Joya del Jefe,4 out of 5,Enjoyable,One of the more enjoyable sticks in the po boy sampler.
Joya del Jefe,4 out of 5,Consistent good flavour,"I find these a good buy in this price range for an everyday good smoke. Not outstanding but quality if nice overall. Excellent even burn, good draw, tasty wrapper. Seems that the construction is a bit loose but going back to the price I won't complain. Overall I was very satisfied and will probably order some more of these for the humidor. As always great service from CI."
Joya del Jefe,4 out of 5,Nice Smoke if you get one that's not plugged,"Pros: Nice Cigar & flavor
Cons: A few were either semi-plugged or super soft making for a hot draw.
I might buy these again..."
Joya del Jefe,4 out of 5,"Joya del Jefe is almost the ""Jefe""",Good smokes. Sometime a little inconsistent with mushy or irregular burning cigars but still a good smoke.
Joya del Jefe,3 out of 5,Have had better,The price of my usual brand increased so I thought I'd try a different one. Didn't really care for those.
Joya del Jefe,5 out of 5,Great cheapie!,👀👌🎉😎
Joya del Jefe,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Tasty semi mild
Joya del Jefe,3 out of 5,Not bad,I would buy these again!!
Joya del Jefe,5 out of 5,never got them.,never got them.
Joya del Jefe,5 out of 5,enjoyable cigars,These are really nice cigars at a reasonable price.
Joya del Jefe,5 out of 5,Joya del Jefe Corna Gorda is my favorite value priced Cigar!,"I REALLY like these because they have a good flavor, burn evenly and are Mild. Stored in a Humidor at about 62% humidity they keep well. Apparently, others like them as much as I do because the Corona Gorda is frequently ""Backordered"" and I have to buy something else. That would be my only complaint."
Joya del Jefe,5 out of 5,Great cigars for the money.,Ditto
Joya del Jefe,4 out of 5,okay smoke,Mild great for golf.
Joya del Jefe,5 out of 5,great cigar,great cigar
Joya del Jefe,5 out of 5,a good knock around smoke,"For the price these are tough to beat, decent construction, quick burn
good taste. Id buy again."
Joya del Jefe,5 out of 5,Consistent,"Decent everyday cigar, tough to beat price, even draw, burns consistent, but arrived fairly dry, let set in your Humi for a month or so before trying or it will disappoint as too harsh. but after recovering from it's dry spell, a nice stick."
Joya del Jefe,5 out of 5,Very good,Very good
Joya del Jefe,5 out of 5,Great Smoke for the price,I will purchase these over and over. These are a great on the drive home from work relax cigar
Joya del Jefe,4 out of 5,Joya del Jefe,"A mild, pleasant cigar. Well worth the inexpensive cost, probably worth more.
Nice taste and aroma. It's advertised as long filler, but I don't think so."
Joya del Jefe,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Joya del Jefe,5 out of 5,Great Cigar!,Nice mild cigar with an even draw. My choice while fishing or sitting on my porch with a smooth scotch.
Joya del Jefe,5 out of 5,Best Bang for the Buck.,Great everyday smoke or a hand out at the bar-b-que.
Joya del Jefe,5 out of 5,Good for the money price,Good for the money price keeps going up so a lot of people must be buying
Joya del Jefe,5 out of 5,Quality Smoke,"I like the size, taste and price. Not everyone will agree because tastes differ and size differs. For me I really like them."
Joya del Jefe,2 out of 5,Just ok,The wrapper was not good
Joya del Jefe,4 out of 5,Good sold (B),Was not to bad. Well worth the money and would most definitely recommend them.
Joya del Jefe,2 out of 5,Replacement for 1876's - your suggestion for the back order,"They are just ok. Mild when they perform. 30% are so dry that they crack before you get to the taste. They are cheap, but I would not order them again. When will your supply of 1876's come back. They are also cheap but much more consistent than the Joya's. I like this length, ring size, and it is not maduro. Ok, I am a woman."
Joya del Jefe,5 out of 5,The smoke was good.,The smoke was good.
Joya del Jefe,4 out of 5,Mild and Mellow,Great work around the yard or golf course cigar. Come across a few with construction issues but nothing the humi can't correct.
Joya del Jefe,5 out of 5,easy & simple,"just the right size for a mellow smoke,not too long not to short. wil purchase again. thanx"
Joya del Jefe,5 out of 5,I liked them,I liked them
Joya del Jefe,4 out of 5,Good price ok smoke,Not well built
Joya del Jefe,3 out of 5,Joya del Jefe,"Okay smoke for the price, I'll buy them again."
Joya del Jefe,5 out of 5,Very good Cigar,Very good Cigar
Joya del Jefe,4 out of 5,Best for the price.,"Best for the price.
They are the best cigars for the price, bar none!!!"
Judge Wright by JC Newman,4 out of 5,Good for the price,"long lasting,, consistent taste"
Judge Wright by JC Newman,5 out of 5,Awesome cigar,A great cigar to savor and relax with.
Judge Wright by JC Newman,5 out of 5,Bang For Your Buck!,"These are a great bargain for your money, burns very well and taste good till the end"
Judge Wright by JC Newman,5 out of 5,Great Value,"If you like sun grown tobacco, then this stick is for you.....enjoy."
Judge Wright by JC Newman,4 out of 5,Judge Wright,Great smoke for the price
Judge Wright by JC Newman,4 out of 5,Nice overall smoke,Consistent burn throughout and a mellow taste. Gav one to a friend and he could not believe it was a sandwich style cigar. Great buy
Judge Wright by JC Newman,4 out of 5,Nice surprise of how it,Nice surprise of how it smoked
Judge Wright by JC Newman,3 out of 5,Good medium cigar,"I prefer a stronger taste but the draw is good, burn is o.k., not quite consistent."
Judge Wright by JC Newman,5 out of 5,What a bargain!,One of my favorites
Judge Wright by JC Newman,2 out of 5,These cigars were returned. They,"These cigars were returned. They burned crocked, broke apart and would,nt stay lit. To me they didn't taste bad but I didn't like the enjoy them at all. The company willingly took them back."
Judge Wright by JC Newman,5 out of 5,I enjoy these as much as any I have tried,Judge wrights are my cigar as long as price stays affordable
Judge Wright by JC Newman,4 out of 5,A good judge,"Medium body for a smooth easy smoke, it has good flavor without being overpowering."
Judge Wright by JC Newman,3 out of 5,Not a repeat buy.,"Not a repeat buy for me. Uneven burn, inconsistent made, some tight some OK."
Judge Wright by JC Newman,4 out of 5,Great value for the price,Great value for the price
Judge Wright by JC Newman,4 out of 5,A nice surprise,"For a cheap cigar, good rich flavor. Relatively good construction, despite being a loose filler cigar. Won't end up w/ too many spitters. But, a pretty good cigar for the price. Would be willing to try other JC cigars because of this one."
Judge Wright by JC Newman,3 out of 5,Not a good cigar,"Very dry cigar, good taste but not enjoyable."
Judge Wright by JC Newman,5 out of 5,Good cigar,"Mellow start, spicy center, mellow finish. Classic cigar at an excellent price!"
Judge Wright by JC Newman,4 out of 5,Amazingly good smoke!,"For my money, Judge Wright's Double Toro cigars are cigars I will buy again. They make an amazingly good medium smoke when I relax around a Western paperback on my back deck."
Judge Wright by JC Newman,3 out of 5,Judge Wright double toro,"This time around is not nearly as pleasurable. First 3 cigars out of the box have burned uneven and do not stay lit. My first experience had me coming back for more...but after this, not so sure."
Judge Wright by JC Newman,5 out of 5,Great All Around Cigar!,"Finally found my everyday cigar. Taste great, Burns slow & even, built solid. Great cigar doing yardwork but also for those relaxing special times."
Judge Wright by JC Newman,4 out of 5,Spark it UP,A great Value. One of the most enjoyable cigars for not a lot of money.
Judge Wright by JC Newman,3 out of 5,Great for the price,I like a tight wrap cigar. This is loose. Can’t clip it or your spitting out tobacco. Much better with hole in it like cheaper cigars.
Judge Wright by JC Newman,5 out of 5,Nice stick.,Surprisingly smooth for such an inexpensive cigar.
Judge Wright by JC Newman,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"I really hate reviews that say great cigar for the money. In my opinion you should simply rate the cigar. I tried a box of these and found them to be excellent, period. Not the best cigar that I ever had but I felt it was in the top 20%. My box was consistent, an even burn and delightful smoke. I liked Dunhill signatures more than this cigar but I liked the flavor more than the Rocky Patel's that I have had, to give you an idea of where I place it my valuation."
Judge Wright by JC Newman,4 out of 5,Judge wrights,"This batch I received were off, binder came apart early on, knots whough out, uneven burn.
Don’t know if I would purchase again"
Judge Wright by JC Newman,5 out of 5,Satisfied,Good cigar for the money. Hard to beat
Judge Wright by JC Newman,5 out of 5,Very Good,"I have purchased several boxes of these and find the flavor is not consistent. That are also soft and chewy. The first box was great and I keep trying, but every stick is different. It is a good buy for the price and will keep buying on occasion but will switch off and try another brand."
Judge Wright by JC Newman,5 out of 5,Excellent Product,I was very happy with this product. I have just ordered my second box.
Judge Wright by JC Newman,4 out of 5,Porch smoker,Good back porch smoke to have when you are just chilling out listening to music.
Judge Wright by JC Newman,5 out of 5,Great Cigar for the Price,Excellent everyday cigar. Wish they were not out of stock.
Judge Wright by JC Newman,5 out of 5,Great Deal,"I ordered these along with several other types of cigars. These were by far my favorite. Had a great even burn and perfect taste. I went to order more and they were out of stock unfortunately. I gave several to friends to try and they all agreed for the price point, it would be very hard to find a better cigar."
Judge Wright by JC Newman,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Judge Wright by JC Newman,5 out of 5,The Judge is correct,The box that I got was best smoke for the price.
Judge Wright by JC Newman,3 out of 5,Not bad,Decent cigar for the price. Would buy again
Judge Wright by JC Newman,4 out of 5,Honest,"New to cigar appreciation....working out humidity levels in humidor (since intro offer does not include hygrometer). This is an honest cigar for the price. They arrived dry, but when a little moisture was absorbed by being in the humidor, they are good cigars for the price."
Judge Wright by JC Newman,3 out of 5,Just ok,These burn ok wouldn't get again
Judge Wright by JC Newman,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent cigar.
Judge Wright by JC Newman,5 out of 5,Taste great,Taste great
Judge Wright by JC Newman,4 out of 5,Nice Value,"Nice value ... for an inexpensive cigar, I have experienced good flavor, an even burn and a reasonable draw ... a good buy ... thx"
Judge Wright by JC Newman,5 out of 5,Good smoke,I liked them
Judge Wright by JC Newman,4 out of 5,WOW,For the price this is a great everyday smoke. I was so surprised with the quality of this cigar
Judge Wright by JC Newman,4 out of 5,Good stick for the price,Good stick for the price.
Judge Wright by JC Newman,3 out of 5,"Not the best flavour, didn't","Not the best flavour, didn't like the dia., probably wouldn't buy them again!"
Judge Wright by JC Newman,4 out of 5,Decent cigar for the price,"I really enjoy the body and flavor of these cigars. However in a number of them I've had trouble with a hard piece of carbon in them while smoking. Otherwise, great cigar."
Judge Wright by JC Newman,5 out of 5,The best low price cigar.,Amazed at how enjoyable this cigar is. Perfect every day smoke.
Judge Wright by JC Newman,4 out of 5,Judge Wright Packaging Mistake Churchills,"A very nice inexpensive ""everyday"" cigar."
Judge Wright by JC Newman,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar What Mistake?,This is a good mistake cigar..... I'll take these type off Mistakes anytime.
Judge Wright by JC Newman,5 out of 5,The Judge was half Wright.,"The taste was great on the sticks that had good draw, which so far is at 50%. Taste was different when draw was not as good, rolled tighter. Burn was nice and square however."
Judge Wright by JC Newman,4 out of 5,Super,A great smoke. The best price on the market 😎
Judge Wright by JC Newman,5 out of 5,good sticks,Great smokes.
Kentucky Cheroots,5 out of 5,A must for your collection,"I would recommend these to anyone who enjoys the natural sweetness of tobacco. These Cheroots are not the best looking cigar, but are definitely one of the best tasting cigars you will ever smoke. They are rolled tight and make a good 30 - 45 minute smoke. They burn even and you can smoke them down to 1"" without getting a harsh taste. I love them and am sure that if you try them you will agree. I smoke all different brands of highly rated cigars as well as a pipe and I will always keep these in stock. Also they don't have to be kept in your humidor. Great Cigar!!"
Kentucky Cheroots,3 out of 5,Kentucky Cheroots,Not my first choice. I like the Bandidos cigars as a rule but these aren’t too disappointing .
Kentucky Cheroots,5 out of 5,Cheroots,Good short smoke
Kentucky Cheroots,5 out of 5,They are the best chewing,They are the best chewing cigar on the market !
Kentucky Cheroots,5 out of 5,Flavorful and bold,Excellent flavor and boldness. Draw is tight. Placing them in a humidor eases the draw from my experience. Place in a seperate humidor if you do.
Kentucky Cheroots,5 out of 5,good,good
Kentucky Cheroots,3 out of 5,same category of antico toscano.,same category of antico toscano. the italian sigars are much tasteful
Kentucky Cheroots,4 out of 5,Still LOOK'N,"I've smoked a lot of different Cheroots.These are VERY good, In fact I love the ugly Lil sticks.
I'm look'n for the #1 top O the stack Cheroot. That's why I don't give them 5 stars. When I find The #1 cheroot I'll come back here an tell all about it."
Kentucky Cheroots,4 out of 5,"Still LOOK""","I would give them a higher rating but can't figure out how to use 1/2 of a star,and I'm still Look'n for the very best cheroot ther is in the whole world . SO the 5th star I keep in resurev. I won't stop LOOKN."
Kentucky Cheroots,5 out of 5,Great little cigars!,Great little cigars!
Kentucky Cheroots,4 out of 5,G/fun Smoak,"I love these little Sticks. They are Hard,Strong,Tough,LIL sons o guns.. Been smoakn um fer years. They are the ones in Westerns...."
Kentucky Cheroots,4 out of 5,A Big little Smoak,"I been smoak,n um for years. just started getn um
from you is all. I love the lil fellers."
Kentucky Cheroots,5 out of 5,Never Disappointed...,"Bought many boxes over past couple years. Great taste, draw, and value. I even cut them in half when I can't commit to nothing more than a short smoke. When people ask me what I'm smoking, I just hand them one, light them up, and get great reviews."
Kentucky Cheroots,5 out of 5,Great budget cigars.,Great budget cigars.
Kentucky Cheroots,5 out of 5,Tastey,a good smokey taste and the right size for a quick smoke
Kentucky Cheroots,5 out of 5,hydrate!,"These came extremely dry, you know like kindling. Two weeks in the humi and wow. Honestly one of the best little cigars I've ever smoked. For the money their a no brainer."
Kentucky Cheroots,5 out of 5,Kentucky Cheroots,"Great inexpensive smoke. The only issue I have noticed is some of them get rolled tighter than others and they can get tough to draw. The tighter ones get cut in half and that usually solves the problem. Overall, probably in my top three."
Kentucky Cheroots,5 out of 5,"These are my early morning,","These are my early morning, and in between cigars. They're perfect because you can knock out the cherry and relight it, with out the bitterness of a larger cigar"
Kentucky Cheroots,4 out of 5,Good stiff,Good stiff
Kentucky Cheroots,4 out of 5,I dont smoke them I,"I dont smoke them I just chew them.somtimes they are too dry,fall Part"
Kentucky Cheroots,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Tightly wrapped and burns well. No complaints.
Kentucky Cheroots,5 out of 5,Vince,Good smoke
Kentucky Cheroots,5 out of 5,Kentucky Cheroots,Excellent every day cigar.
Kentucky Cheroots,5 out of 5,Sweet & Spicy,Cheroots have the perfect blend of sweet & spicy. Perfect cigar for enjoying a long draw on the porch.
Kentucky Cheroots,4 out of 5,Best value,"My favorite ""cheap"" smoke."
Kentucky Cheroots,5 out of 5,I know nothing about cigars. But I like these,"They can sometimes be hard to draw on, seem to go out rather easy, and they will not be winning any beauty contests, these are my favorite cigars by far.
Very full flavor when smoked. Hard to me to finish in one sitting, but re-lighting one isn't a big deal for me (unless I set my nose hairs on fire).
It has taken me a while to get the best smoking experience from these, but now I find that I'll most likely be placing regular orders."
Kentucky Cheroots,1 out of 5,Unsmokeabe.,"Such a shame that these sticks are unsmokeable due to extremely poor craftsmanship, because the occasional draw produces a pleasant smoke. Had to constantly chop off the ends until I was able to get a draw, leaving me with about 4"" to smoke. Way overpriced for something that smokes like a coffee stirrer."
Kentucky Cheroots,4 out of 5,Great smell,Some have tight draw but still a flavorful stick. I’ll buy again.
Kentucky Cheroots,3 out of 5,About half the cigars are hard to light up and hard to draw,"Half the cigars are hatd to light up and hard to draw
Need more quality control"
Kentucky Cheroots,5 out of 5,Kentucky Cheroots,I thoroughly enjoyed smoking these. Nice even burn. Mild and full of flavor.
Kentucky Cheroots,5 out of 5,Fantastic!,"These things. Wow. I've tried every mini-cigar available from the Principes to the Makers Choice to the Bandidos and all other sorts in between. These things win. They're flavor is fantastic, they smoke well (only had a minor issue with 1 or 2 of them), and they're not expensive at all. It's like a BBQ in your mouth. They're great. Don't hesitate; just do yourself a favor and buy a box now."
Kentucky Cheroots,4 out of 5,Cheroots,"Good little smoke. I'm not an aficionado, just a guy that likes to light up on the patio or while fishing. Good flavor, made well. For a dollar a smoke, great bargain."
Kentucky Cheroots,5 out of 5,Great,It's cool most relax fire cured cigars
Kentucky Cheroots,5 out of 5,good cheap daily smoke,"Burns well, slightly sweet and smoky-fills the need for a relaxing smoke"
Kentucky Cheroots,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Just the right flavor and easy smoke.
Kentucky Cheroots,3 out of 5,Not for me,They are ok but not for me. Thought I would try but I’m more of a traditional stogie guy
Kentucky Cheroots,3 out of 5,Price a bit high,These are ok but I'm thinking there should be double the smokes for that price.
Kentucky Cheroots,1 out of 5,A Kentucky stick,It was like smoking a stick would not recommend
Kentucky Cheroots,5 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth rich flavor
Kentucky Cheroots,5 out of 5,Enjoyable smoke,"Very tastey, hard draw on some, good burn"
Kentucky Cheroots,5 out of 5,Kentucky Cheroots,"Enjoy this type of dry cured cigars. Not like other cigars, another category entirely."
Kentucky Cheroots,4 out of 5,kentucky cheroots,"hard to draw, 8 out 50 were broken,but a grate work cigar"
Kentucky Cheroots,5 out of 5,Good sucker's,Good sucker's
Kentucky Cheroots,5 out of 5,Awesome flavorful smokes!,I cut these in half for a box of 100 and enjoy a richer flavor without the wait!
Kentucky Cheroots,5 out of 5,All things considered I like them a lot,"I really liked these a lot, low cost and a great taste."
Kentucky Cheroots,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,"I enjoy the flavors, especially the smoke. Plus they look like Clint Eastwood's cigars in the spaghetti westerns!"
Kentucky Cheroots,5 out of 5,a classic smoke,"Best tasting cigar at the price, delicious, great burners for the most part"
Kentucky Cheroots,5 out of 5,Great small cigar!!!,"After they ""rest"" awhile in the humidor, these guys burn great, and taste great!! I will always have them in stock."
Kentucky Cheroots,3 out of 5,"Great flavor, stiff draw...",A really enjoyable smoke if you’re alright with an often stiff draw. I am.
Kentucky Cheroots,5 out of 5,Best Cheroots made!!,Great taste. Virtually indestructible. American made. What’s not to love.
Kentucky Fire Cured Swamp Rat & Swamp Thang,5 out of 5,Enjoyed the Swamp Thing,"Nice smoke for a change in aroma, built right and burns right.. Will smoke another......."
Kentucky Fire Cured Swamp Rat & Swamp Thang,5 out of 5,INCREDIBLE,"These have become one of my newest favorites. Incredible burnt fire smell and the taste has that pepper spice I love. These are difficult to find locally, so I ordered on line. If you like a pepper tasting cigar, click this into your cart now. You won’t be disappointed."
Kentucky Fire Cured Swamp Rat & Swamp Thang,4 out of 5,Pretty good,"The quality is great and draw its good. Very smoky, so if you like that, this it's for you. The only criticism I have is that there taste it's a little too close to liquid smoke rather than real smoke. Still doesn't beat there Leccia Black but it's pretty good"
Kentucky Fire Cured Swamp Rat & Swamp Thang,4 out of 5,I enjoy this one,Earthy solid slow smoke.
Kentucky Fire Cured Swamp Rat & Swamp Thang,5 out of 5,Easy smoke,"Smooth, easy smoke. Definitely a conversation piece with the green color!"
Kentucky Fire Cured Swamp Rat & Swamp Thang,5 out of 5,Very Nice Flavor,"These are so nice when you only have or want a 25-30 minute smoke. The Candela wrapper is so vegetal & green tea like. I love any Kentucky Fire Cured stick and the sweetened tip adds to this crazy mix of smoky, sweet, vegetal....but it works. Very smooth and yes the Ponies Sweets have the sweetened tip, enough to satisfy that sweet taste short of an Acid Blondie."
Kentucky Fire Cured Swamp Rat & Swamp Thang,5 out of 5,I like them!,"They are small enough to enjoy any time, taste great, and come in a cool tin to boot."
Kentucky Fire Cured Swamp Rat & Swamp Thang,5 out of 5,Good flavor! Excellent draw!,"Perfect Cigar after barbecue, or while you’re smoking the meat. Not an overbearing taste, just perfect"
Kentucky Fire Cured Swamp Rat & Swamp Thang,4 out of 5,"Obnoxious, but in a good way!","I've been working my way through a bundle of the Swamp Rats. I've always enjoyed Dark-Fired tobaccos from smoking a pipe as well as the Italian style cheroots. These are not as strong as the cheroots, but they're still pretty obnoxiously full in flavor. I definitely wouldn't recommend smoking one of these if you're planning on smoking any traditional cigars afterward. That said, as a dessert cigar or change of pace, I think they're pretty good. The KFC tobaccos turn the candela into a minor player, just adding a bit of acidity and tartness. I could see this being a very polarizing cigar, but the price is certainly fair. Definitely worth a shot if you don't mind straying away from traditional, cuban-seed black tobaccos."
Kentucky Fire Cured Swamp Rat & Swamp Thang,5 out of 5,Great Cigar!,!st time I ordered Cigars online... Will not be my last. prompt delivery and packaged well. Reviews helped as well.
Kentucky Fire Cured Swamp Rat & Swamp Thang,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Kentucky Fire Cured Swamp Rat & Swamp Thang,5 out of 5,Amazingly Different,Are you ready for something really different? Try the Swamp Thang! I really should not tell you how much I like these. CI already seems to have a hard time keeping them in stock.
Kentucky Fire Cured Swamp Rat & Swamp Thang,5 out of 5,Spicy. Smooth. Packs a punch.,Spicy. Smooth. Packs a punch.
Kentucky Fire Cured Swamp Rat & Swamp Thang,5 out of 5,Love the cigar,Love the cigar
Kentucky Fire Cured Swamp Rat & Swamp Thang,5 out of 5,Excellent Smoke,Excellent Smoke
Kentucky Fire Cured Swamp Rat & Swamp Thang,5 out of 5,My Favorite,These are fantastic! Unique with their hint of smokiness and smoother as can be. Highly recommend
Kentucky Fire Cured Swamp Rat & Swamp Thang,1 out of 5,Bad Aftertaste,"I was intrigued by the wrapper and fire curing so I ordered a five pack. I loved the smokey, camp fire smell. I was then thoroughly disappointed smoking it. It started off fine, but a third of the way into it, it had a terrible aftertaste. I couldn’t finish it. Wanting to give it a second chance, I tried another a week later and encountered the same disappointment. Just not a good cigar."
Kentucky Fire Cured Swamp Rat & Swamp Thang,5 out of 5,I’ve been smoking KFC Just,I’ve been smoking KFC Just a Friend for a couple of years and tried Swamp Thang a couple of months ago. Like it so much I keep both in my humidor now.
Kentucky Fire Cured Swamp Rat & Swamp Thang,3 out of 5,Swamp thing,I recently orders a 5 pack of the swamp thing cigars and while I found them intriguing they where decently flavorful they just where not really my thing the biggest reason being every time I smoked one I spent the rest of the day with a sore throat but I will say it was pretty well constructed and burned even through out the smoke
Kentucky Fire Cured Swamp Rat & Swamp Thang,5 out of 5,Fire Cured Swamp Thang,ABSOLUTELY love them... Definitely made it into my top 5...
Kentucky Fire Cured Swamp Rat & Swamp Thang,3 out of 5,great smoky flavor,"I liked this at 1st, but after about 1/3 the smoky flavor went away and it didn't have much smokey flavor after that. I don't think i would but another.. i'm kinda disappointed, but it was a good conversation piece"
Kentucky Fire Cured Swamp Rat & Swamp Thang,5 out of 5,Great stick at a resonable price.,Smooth and delicate flavor.
Kentucky Fire Cured Swamp Rat & Swamp Thang,4 out of 5,"Really good, like a slightly","Really good, like a slightly milder version of the standard firecured stogies"
Kentucky Fire Cured Swamp Rat & Swamp Thang,5 out of 5,Swamp rat pleasures,Great stick with power flavors....a quick burner so enjoy every puff while it last. Highly recommended.
Kentucky Fire Cured Swamp Rat & Swamp Thang,5 out of 5,KFC swamp Thang,"A grassy flavor on the initial light up and then on to its name sake fire cured richness. For myself it would be a rich bourbon oak cask finish on the palate, ahh Yes !"
Kentucky Fire Cured Swamp Rat & Swamp Thang,3 out of 5,Issues with this stick.,"My first stick, the wrapper wouldn't burn, first time I've ever seen the filler burn but not the wrapper, after 15 minutes, still no ash, it burned right down the center. I tossed and lit another. The 2nd one burned well. Milder flavor than the Original Kentucky Fire Cured, same great flavor. Unless I have more burn problems, I'll keep both in my humidor."
Kentucky Fire Cured Swamp Rat & Swamp Thang,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,If your a fan of the regular KFC's then you'll like this slighty lighter version.
Kentucky Fire Cured Swamp Rat & Swamp Thang,5 out of 5,I am very happy your,I am very happy your service it was very speedy and efficient and the sales rep was very kind and courteous I will always buy from you great job
Kentucky Fire Cured Swamp Rat & Swamp Thang,5 out of 5,A name only a mother could love.,Rarely rate a cigar at a five-star. This cigar is one of the smoothest smokes fullest flavors and nicest Burns I've ever had in my entire life. If you're thinking of buying a pack or 5 do it it's worth the try enjoy the smoke and leave a review.
Kentucky Fire Cured Swamp Rat & Swamp Thang,2 out of 5,Disappointed,Love the size but went out a lot and wrapper consistently shredded about halfway down.
Kentucky Fire Cured Swamp Rat & Swamp Thang,2 out of 5,Tough Burn,Was actually disappointed with this cigar. Nothing like that Just a Friend that's for sure! When you first unwrap the cigar it has the wonderful smokey aroma but that is all I got. This cigar was hard to light and keep lit. Very frustrating!!!! I discovered if I unwrapped the outer layer I would get a smooth and even burn. A mild cigar and just didn't have that smokey taste to me.... figured I try it but did not bother smoking them all...
Key West Extra,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Key West Extra,5 out of 5,Key west,Good everyday smoke
Key West Extra,5 out of 5,A great value,Higher quality & longer-lasting cigars than I expected considering how relativity inexpensive. I’ll definitely be ordering again soon.
Key West Extra,4 out of 5,They were smooth smoke.,They were smooth smoke.
Key West Extra,5 out of 5,Excellent for the price!,"Well constructed...excellent burn. No touch ups required. Nice easy draw, with lots of nice earthy smoke. Perfect for the price."
Key West Extra,4 out of 5,Completely worth it great everyday smoke,"Another pleaser for the price. Smokes even nice draw thank you for sending at least I have these to enjoy while in isolation because of the Coronavirus. Awesome Job, guys! Thanks again!"
Key West Extra,4 out of 5,"Easy draw, priced right","Easy draw, priced right"
Key West Select,3 out of 5,robusto,ok every day smoke burns straight
King Edward Cigars,5 out of 5,"Very nice everyday smoke, wish","Very nice everyday smoke, wish they made it in a larger ring size. 😎"
King Edward Cigars,4 out of 5,Old Cavalry Soldiers Favorite Field Cigar,"Sgt Rock says I been wanting these old try and true sticks for about a year, haven't had one in years. They didn't disappoint; mild sweet smoke, real tobacco flavor. A box of 50 should satisfy my craving for the next 3-4 months. Thanks CI cause I couldn't find a 5 pack anywhere."
King Edward Cigars,5 out of 5,king edward cigars,I was well pleased with my purchase and it's arrival time.
King Edward Cigars,4 out of 5,not bad for a cheep,not bad for a cheep cigar
King Edward Cigars,5 out of 5,King Edwardes,A good mild cigar!!
King Edward Cigars,5 out of 5,Decent value priced cigar.,I ordered a box of these as an in between my favorites. Nice value priced everyday smoke.
King Edward Cigars,3 out of 5,holes,"Unwrapped several cigars only to find holes of some sort. Worm, pin, manufacturer. Don't know but made them unsmokable."
King Edward Cigars,5 out of 5,King Edward Imperial,Its a great everyday smoke its mild cheep and you don't cry when you cant smoke it all
King Edward Cigars,5 out of 5,Great,"This
is
a
Great
every
Day
cigar
mild
and
satisfying"
King Edward Cigars,5 out of 5,"When times get tough, turn to the King of Coronas. Until you can save up!",Paw-Paw's Finest Crayola box reuse.
King Edward Cigars,5 out of 5,Unassuming Smoke,"King Edwards Imperial are a genuinely inexpensive treat, not necessarily a weekend or holiday treat but for the price they never fall short of expectations, mild and easy to smoke."
King Edward Cigars,5 out of 5,Always my go to,I will never smoke any other cigar. I love this brand and the flavor.
King Edward Cigars,2 out of 5,Not for experienced smoker,"A consistent smoke at a cheap price, but you still are getting what you pay for. I only got them due to a lack of access to other cigars at short notice (I was deployed overseas, and my location was not the same as mailing location). I picked these up at a store, and wish that I hadn't. If you enjoy premium cigars, these will leave you wanting. If you are new to cigars or otherwise can't tell the difference, picking up a box not be a bad choice. Bottom line, don't let your supply run too low that you might run out"
King Edward Cigars,5 out of 5,first time buyer,Good price good service
King Edward Cigars,5 out of 5,King Edward Imperial,Service was great. When I am back in the USA will definitely order again from you.Thanks once again. A very satisfied customer.
King Edward Cigars,5 out of 5,kenneth grim,i find that getting cigars from you is fast and I really appreciate your service thank you
King Edward Cigars,5 out of 5,Wonderful!!!!,My favorite smoke! Great taste and enjoyable. CI has wonderful service and quick delivery!!
King Edward Cigars,5 out of 5,Very good service,We have always had great service and good products.
Kristoff Cameroon,5 out of 5,Really good cigar.,"My cousin actually introduced me to these. Really great cigar, very smoothe and creamy. One draw and I was hooked. Perfect draw and smoke output. Highly recommended."
Kristoff Connecticut,3 out of 5,I am not a big,"I am not a big fan of wider cigars, otherwise, not a bad smoke, typical of kristoff brand, smooth and steady draw"
Kristoff Connecticut,5 out of 5,"Mild smoke,burns perfectly, good to","Mild smoke,burns perfectly, good to the end. great buy"
Kristoff Connecticut,5 out of 5,great smoke when youre in the mood for a smooth mild cigar.,"good consistency of draw and burn for all 20, except one, which didnt have an even burn. actually appeared to be a bit of stalk in it. The others were supurb, but mild and smooth."
Kristoff Connecticut,5 out of 5,JW,Great early afternoon smoke..smooth great burn throughout the entire cigar
Kristoff Connecticut,5 out of 5,My favorite Connecticut Cigar,"This is a great cigar, especially for the price. I prefer the big Matador. Great construction and burn."
Kristoff Connecticut,5 out of 5,Hail Brittania!!,"This is quite possibly the best Connecticut I have ever smoked. One receives the familiar taste of a Kristoff, with the smooth, creamy, nuttiness of a Connecticut-wrapped stick. The construction is rock-solid, the burn is razor-sharp, and the complexity of flavors is worthy of bearing the Kristoff name. The only downside to this review is that, sadly, I cannot afford to make this my go-to, everyday smoke...ah well--perhaps some day! Do yourself a favor, and try this cigar: once you do, I think you'll love it, too."
Kristoff Connecticut,5 out of 5,Toasted marshmallow,This is one of the best cigars I’ve ever had. Toasted marshmallow is an unmistakable flavor you get from it. So smooth. So creamy. So good. If you like mild body with full flavor you will love this cigar
Kristoff Corojo Limitada,5 out of 5,Always a solid buy,"I ordered a box of these Kristoffs a couple of weeks ago. I already knew that the Corojo was a solid, robust cigar from my earlier years when I first started smoking stories. Slow burn and great flavor. Do yourself a favor and purchase a box of these.
Of course, completing the order through CI was easy and reliable. You cannot argue with their prices as they are cheaper than retail stores. With the free shipping, I received my order within a week. The cigars were sealed and moist when delivered. I will order from CI again."
Kristoff Corojo Limitada,5 out of 5,Fantastic,My favorite cigar. A must have
Kristoff Corojo Limitada,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Kristoff Corojo Limitada,5 out of 5,Great cigar,This is my go to cigar. Always hits the spot
Kristoff Corojo Limitada,5 out of 5,Great Smoke.,Love the sweet notes. Simply put...AWESOME.
Kristoff Corojo Limitada,5 out of 5,Corporal limited torpedoes,Easily my favorite cigar. Came nicely packed. Fresh!
Kristoff Corojo Limitada,4 out of 5,Refreshing,"It didn't disappoint, ot was exactly what the discription said"
Kristoff Criollo,5 out of 5,very good smoke,very good smoke
Kristoff Criollo,4 out of 5,A good cigar that i would buy again!,"A good cigar,had a good taste,smelled great,burned even all the way."
Kristoff Criollo,5 out of 5,Smooth,A nice long smooth cigar. Very nicely made.
Kristoff Criollo,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,I've been smoking for 30+ years and this may be my favorite cigar today
Kristoff Criollo,5 out of 5,A great tasting and smoking,A great tasting and smoking cigar.
Kristoff Criollo,5 out of 5,Kristoff criollo,This cigar smells good even before you light it. Once lit it is very satisfying. Lots of smoke and excellent draw.
Kristoff Criollo,5 out of 5,good cigar,very good cigar
Kristoff Criollo,5 out of 5,Great drawl,Really good stick. Had one last night probably the best stick I have had in while.
Kristoff Criollo,5 out of 5,Great product,Really enjoy getting my cigars through this company.
Kristoff Criollo,5 out of 5,perfection,I first came across these fine cigars many years ago while in vacation. I had never been able to find anyone that sold them. I'm so glad you guys carry them. Truly amazing cigars. Very smooth and tasty. Perfect burn every time.
Kristoff Criollo,5 out of 5,great cigar for relaxing and,great cigar for relaxing and imbiding with u r favorite beverage
Kristoff Criollo,3 out of 5,Interesting smoke.,My first Kristoff! Started off very rich and flavorful. Full bodied. My only real gripe is the cigar seemed to lose its mojo sooner than expected (early in the final third). If I were only going by the first and second thirds I would say this cigar was a solid 4 out of 5 stars.
Kristoff GC Signature Series,5 out of 5,My new golf cigar,"I have always enjoyed Kristoff's and this has moved up my ladder to a really good, perhaps great, cigar!"
Kristoff GC Signature Series,5 out of 5,Love it,My favorite. Smooth for a maduro.
Kristoff GC Signature Series,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke. Perfect draw and,Excellent smoke. Perfect draw and mellow to the end.
Kristoff GC Signature Series,3 out of 5,Don’t care for the Gordo,"Didn’t care for Gordo. However, the robusto has phenomenall flavor."
Kristoff GC Signature Series,5 out of 5,Favorite,Favorite cigar hands down. Great smoke all the way through
Kristoff GC Signature Series,5 out of 5,Kristoff GC Signature Series,"Magnificent cigar. Perfect draw, even burn, great un lit tobacco taste, great smoke flavor with a pleasent flavor change through the cigar.
Jeff"
Kristoff GC Signature Series,5 out of 5,My new favorite!,My favorite cigar had been the Rocky Patel Sumatra but this is my new favorite! Burns long and true and is a great cigar.
Kristoff GC Signature Series,4 out of 5,good cigar,"I'm about through with a box of 20 about 30% of these were a battle to get through having to relight over and over again and not burning evenly,but the rest were pretty nice, good flavor, good draw.I think I'm going to buy 5 packs of other kristoff cigars so as too see which I like better overall it was a good cigar."
Kristoff GC Signature Series,5 out of 5,Very happy customer,My husband is a true cigar aficionado and I wanted to get him a particular box of cigars. I tried every tobacco shop in the area with no luck. Finally turned to the internet. Found your website and got the cigars well in time for Christmas. My husband loved his gift!
Kristoff Kristania,5 out of 5,love it,love it
Kristoff Kristania,4 out of 5,FAT BOY,"The 70 gauge is a big fat boy. I've never smoked a cigar as thick. That being said, the flavor is great, it's a little stronger than medium with a great draw"
Kristoff Kristania,5 out of 5,Much too big for me.,Much too big for me. Probably would not buy again.
Kristoff Kristania,5 out of 5,Terrific,"Top notch! Have tried many Kristoff options. All are wonderful, especially the Kristinia, very smooth terrifically priced."
Kristoff Kristania,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"The Kristoff is one of the great cigar brands. The Kristania 60 is very affordable, making it one of the affordable great cigars. Great smoke. Great price. What's not to like."
Kristoff Kristania,5 out of 5,Kristoff Cigars,I love all Kristoff cigars. Haven't tried one yet that I didn't like.
Kristoff Kristania,4 out of 5,"Great Flavors, Tight draw","Got one of these in a Kristoff sample pack a few months ago, Nice flavors however it's a tight draw, not much smoke output. It smokes like a mild cigar, but the flavors are incredibly smooth and take it to a medium strength, the draw takes away from the enjoyment of the cigar."
Kristoff Kristania Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Cigars,The cigars have smooth and good taste.
Kristoff Kristania Maduro,5 out of 5,My Favorite,Extremely smooth THE BEST smoke I've had thus far!
Kristoff Kristania Maduro,4 out of 5,Good,"Smooth, consistent smoke"
Kristoff Kristania Maduro,4 out of 5,Kristoff Maduro,Large-long lasting Maduro with great flavors and great smoke. Good continuous burn throughout.
Kristoff Kristania Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigars I love them.,Great cigars I love them. Cigar international you rock customer for life.
Kristoff Kristania Maduro,3 out of 5,Kristoff Maduro,I enjoyed the Kristoff line before but this cigar was spicy in the first third then mellowed out in the second third in the last third there was a balance of spiciness. Overall this cigar didn't satisfy my pallet. It may work for you.
Kristoff Kristania Maduro,5 out of 5,Good smoke,For the price these are great cigars. I have been getting these for awhile now and love smoking them. Nice draw great smoke.
Kristoff Kristania Maduro,5 out of 5,Stevie,"I like all Kristoff cigars, but my favorite is Kristania Maduro Robusto. Smooth easy draw, burns even and has the rich flavor that maduro provides!"
Kristoff Kristania Maduro,5 out of 5,Cigars,I enjoy the kristoff brand. Not a bad one in the bunch!
Kristoff Kristania Maduro,3 out of 5,Not bad!,Not bad!
Kristoff Kristania Maduro,5 out of 5,Supreme,Very satisfying and soothing smoke.
Kristoff Kristania Maduro,5 out of 5,"Good cigar, good service",Excellent cigar for the price. Very prompt service and shipping.
Kristoff Kristania Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"I'm not a huge cigar smoker but enjoy a smoke every now and then. I love these Kristoffs because you get a great cigar every time. Perfect balance between medium flavor and smooth, never harsh finish. A great cigar for seasoned smokers or casual cigar fans."
Kristoff Kristania Maduro,5 out of 5,The best !!,"This cigar is robust, full and smooth like butter. The change throughout the smoke is subtle yet distinct and I enjoy this large indulgent cigar every time it hits my lips."
Kristoff Kristania Maduro,5 out of 5,Love them,Great smoke nice and even draw deep flavor. I can't wait to smoke another after I finish one so I do. Smoking Kristoff for a couple months now and they are my favorite. One thing to note they can be slightly dry so when you get them put them in your humidor and let them rest for a few days. They had a long trip. Well worth the wait.
Kristoff Kristania Maduro,5 out of 5,Fantastic cigar,Love this cigar will be getting more
Kristoff Ligero Criollo,5 out of 5,Five stars,Great flavor great body does a great cigar love youi Great flavor great body does a great cigar love it👌🏿
Kristoff Ligero Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar!! Well constructed!! Fantastic,Excellent cigar!! Well constructed!! Fantastic flavor!!
Kristoff Ligero Maduro,5 out of 5,Kristoff makes amazing cigars,One great stick....
Kristoff Ligero Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,"Lots of flavors. They all seem to jump to the front on each third I smoke thru. Some of the flavors; dark cherry, bakers chocolate, caramel, tobacco. Worth the price!!"
Kristoff Ligero Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Kristoff Ligero Maduro,5 out of 5,Finding the right smoke,"well I have tried a lot of them to find a consistently high quality cigar and this is it! Smooth medium bodied smoke with even burn and pretty white ash.
You can take this one to the bank!"
Kristoff Ligero Maduro,5 out of 5,Cigar Nirvana!,"I LOVE this cigar. It has looks, gorgeous rustic look, it has strength, it has a lot of smoke, and it is packed with flavor. This cigar has a lot going for it in regards to tlavors but the thing that keeps me coming back is this sweet chocolate liquor taste. Absolutely fantastic!"
Kristoff Ligero Maduro,5 out of 5,Kristoff Ligero Maduros,Awesome smoke! Blissful taste with a slow burn.
Kristoff Ligero Maduro,4 out of 5,Kristoff Ligero,Better than a cheap cigar. Good flavor and mild smoke.
Kristoff Ligero Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,"Some of my favourite cigars, full of flavour, always burn well"
Kristoff Ligero Maduro,5 out of 5,Great buy!,Great buy!
Kristoff Ligero Maduro,5 out of 5,WOW,kristoff. Great cigar. The smoke is great. Full flavor smooth very enjoyable cigar can't get enough of them recommend them highly one thing though make sure they rest in your humidor for a couple of days and then enjoy them you will not be disappointed.
Kristoff Ligero Maduro,4 out of 5,Solid Maduro,"Tight, strong, smooth smoke"
Kristoff Ligero Maduro,5 out of 5,Great,this cigar is by far one of my favorites. It's worth the money and a great smoke.
Kristoff Ligero Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent full-bodied cigar,always a great smoke. Full of cocoa and spice
Kristoff Maduro,5 out of 5,Kristoff Maduro Robusto has been my cigar for years!,I love this cigar. It has just the right amount of crispness and flavor. I recommend it to anyone who enjoys a good full smoke.
Kristoff Maduro,3 out of 5,Good smoke,Decent but no real wow factor.
Kristoff Maduro,5 out of 5,kristoff maduro,great cigar
Kristoff Maduro,5 out of 5,Kristoff Madura,5 star
Kristoff Maduro,5 out of 5,I Thoroughly Enjoy this Cigar!,This is a full favored smoke with a nice peppery taste. I would recommend it to anyone that enjoys a flavorful smoke.
Kristoff Maduro,5 out of 5,Aged is Awesome!!,"I don't know how anyone could select less than 5 stars.
Well, yes I do understand tastes. To me these were a perfect medium/strong Cigar.
I have to admit that they have been in Humidor for 12 years or so and it's only my second one out of the Box in that long. WOW!!!
I treasure the Top Drawer and only have one now and then. I leave everyday to Oliva, Gran Habano, and a few more like Aurora. Giant Yummers!!"
Kristoff Maduro,4 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Kristoff Maduro,5 out of 5,Amazing high end cigar!,"I am a huge fan of maduro cigars and I'm willing to pay for the good ones. Nothing has been as flavorful, long lasting and consistent as the Kristoff Maduros. These cigars are amazing from first light til last puff. They are on the stronger side and certainly will last at least an hour. Amazing paired with a good whiskey or red wine."
Kristoff Maduro,3 out of 5,Good but Inconsistent,"I have smoked three of a five pack. First one out of the bag was terrible. Second one sat two weeks, great smoke. Third I just finished and it burned well and smoked nicely but the wrapped was torn and cracked. I like the cigar- I am just disappointed with its inconsistency."
Kristoff Maduro,5 out of 5,fantastic cigars,I have been smoking Kristoff cigars for a few years and I thoroughly enjoy them. They are just fantastic. I also love buying from CI because of their service and quality. Great combination.
Kristoff San Andres,5 out of 5,🔥🔥🔥,Hands down my favorite cigar
Kristoff San Andres,5 out of 5,Top Three,The Kristoff San Andres is a smooth excellent cigar. It is well constructed. It has plenty of earthy flavor but doesn’t overpower your pallet. My passion is normally bold cigars but this one has become one of my top three favorite sticks.
Kristoff San Andres,5 out of 5,Stogies,"Great stogies, great service, great prices, lousy name !"
Kristoff San Andres,5 out of 5,Kristoff San Andrew 660,"This cigar is fine, devine, sublime, and right on time every time. Yeah you heard that so savor the flavor this cigar has its own behavior."
Kristoff San Andres,5 out of 5,This is one my favorite,This is one my favorite Sunday afternoon treats.
Kristoff San Andres,5 out of 5,Worth every penny,Quite a deceptively tasty cigar! This bad boy definitely lives up to the price and Kristoff name. I plan to buy a few before I go on vacation.
Kristoff San Andres,5 out of 5,One of my favorites.,Great smoke. Tasty.
Kristoff Sumatra,5 out of 5,Amazing taste!,"Surprised by this cigar! Absolutely loved it. Great taste, smoke pull and amazing quality. Have to keep at least a 3 pack in my humidor for that right occasion."
Kristoff Sumatra,5 out of 5,Currently my favorite cigar!,Amazing smoke and taste.
Kristoff Sumatra,5 out of 5,Good cigar.,"Nice cigar, but not the same profile as some single cigars I have bought at the Cigar Store."
Kristoff Sumatra,4 out of 5,Great flavor from the Sumatran wrapper,Construction was a little off with this box. Still a great cigar.
Kristoff Sumatra,5 out of 5,Excellent,always fresh cigars delivered promptly
Kristoff Sumatra,5 out of 5,I ordered for the first,I ordered for the first time and I was very pleased. quick delivery and no problems. all of the cigars I ordered were fresh and undamaged. humidor and care kit was worth the price. all in all this was a good by and I will be a customer for years to come
La Aroma de Cuba,5 out of 5,Great economy stick,"la aroma de cuba was one of those cigars that I had to have more of. Bought an entire box midway through the cigar. Med bodied. Good flavors. Easy draw, good amount of smoke. Perfect everyday smoke."
La Aroma de Cuba,4 out of 5,Smooth fairly flavorful,"Smooth cigar, doesnt have great bold flavor but not a bad taste"
La Aroma de Cuba,5 out of 5,Fantastic smoke!,I keep these stocked in my humidor and they never disappoint. I give them out as gifts when I see a friends humidor getting low and they are always appreciated. Definitely a winner!
La Aroma de Cuba,5 out of 5,La Aroma,Love these. My favorite cigar!!
La Aroma de Cuba,5 out of 5,smooth!,"Smooth mild nice long smoke. Great burn, easy drawing, and firm. My new go to cigar!"
La Aroma de Cuba,4 out of 5,La Aroma de Cuba,"Excellent, near full bodied smoke. Burns evenly, consistent taste all the way to the nub!!"
La Aroma de Cuba,5 out of 5,great smoke!,great smoke!
La Aroma de Cuba,5 out of 5,Used to smoke the Bellicossa?,Used to smoke the Bellicossa? Like the Robusto better
La Aroma de Cuba,5 out of 5,Love these,Love these
La Aroma de Cuba,5 out of 5,Fresh and prompt.,Fresh and prompt.
La Aroma de Cuba,5 out of 5,great smooth cigar. will order,great smooth cigar. will order more
La Aroma de Cuba,5 out of 5,Decent smoke,Decent smoke
La Aroma de Cuba,5 out of 5,"Well worth it, especially on sale!","An excellent smoke, of good value. The Gordo is also great. A smoke to the nub an enjoy it all type of stick. A bit dry, but nice in the hot summer months, dip the tip into a good cognac if you want to explore additional profiles!"
La Aroma de Cuba,5 out of 5,Quality worth the money,"La Aroma de Cuba cigarsmhave maintained their qualry of workmanship, taste and feel over the several years I have had the pleasure of smoking them. Smooth full flavor in the Robusto. I highly recommend giving them a try,"
La Aroma de Cuba,4 out of 5,Fairly good taste.,Fairly good taste.
La Aroma de Cuba,5 out of 5,Upper crust,"One of the finest smokes I've ever enjoyed. Long lasting, great tasting. Tightly wrapped smoke. I recommend this cigar tremendously."
La Aroma de Cuba,5 out of 5,HIGHLY recommend,"I truly love this cigar. It's been my favorite for a long time, despite my hobby of trying new cigars and attempting to diversify my humidor. Nuts and cocoa, but not in a candy bar sweet way. Don't let the darker color scare you away, it is not a overpowering smoke at all."
La Aroma de Cuba,4 out of 5,Worth the price of admission,Worth the price of admission
La Aroma de Cuba,5 out of 5,"Great cigar, but a little pricey.","Super, smooth, tasty cigar. Even smoke,great aroma. Just a little pricey to buy often."
La Aroma de Cuba,4 out of 5,Great Smoke,Good flavor throughout. Nice smooth draw and even burn down to the last draw
La Aroma de Cuba,5 out of 5,Great!,Great!
La Aroma de Cuba,5 out of 5,La Aroma de Cuba,"Smooth, aromatic and flavorful. A new must have in my humidor."
La Aroma de Cuba,4 out of 5,Full flavored,This cigar packs a punch but it’s very tasty
La Aroma de Cuba,5 out of 5,HANDS DOWN,BEST SMOKES EVER
La Aroma de Cuba,5 out of 5,La Aroma de Cuba El Jefe,"Just finished a box of the El Jefe, simply fantastic cigar. Flavor, even burn, consistency cigar to cigar. What more could you want?"
La Aroma de Cuba,5 out of 5,Pleasant,"The consistency, quality, price, and overall flavor and smoking experience is one of the best in the industry, in MY opinion. Ashton and Jose Garcia have done a wonderful job with these cigars and the entire brand. I finally bought myself a box and the packaging alone was phenomenal as well. One thing I love about this cigar is the richness in flavor, and how smooth and pleasent it presents these flavors on the pallet from the foot to the nub. I smoke these alone or with a nice cup of cuban blend coffee."
La Aroma de Cuba,4 out of 5,Good but not San Cristobol or My Father,These cigars are good but not exceptional like other Pepin made cigars. All said they are respectable due to the great price.
La Aroma de Cuba,5 out of 5,La Aroma de Cuba,Won't win a beauty contest but this one is a huge flavor bomb of a cigar. Love it!!!
La Aroma de Cuba,5 out of 5,My current favorite,"As a newbie, this cigar quickly became my favorite smoke. Beautiful presentation, flawless construction, even burn, easy draw, and a strong but not overpowering and very smooth flavor. After this 5 pack, I've already added a box to next months order. Looking forward to trying LAdC's other offerings as well."
La Aroma de Cuba,4 out of 5,Solid everyday smoke,Solid everyday smoke
La Aroma de Cuba,5 out of 5,Cigar,Excellent smoke!!!!!
La Aroma de Cuba,5 out of 5,My go to stick,"Just a solid stick. Rich, strong, but not too strong. Very consistent, and you can't go wrong w/ this stick. Won't regret it. The immensa is another great option. #CIMonteGiveaway"
La Aroma de Cuba,5 out of 5,My Go-to stick,"Solid construction, good draw, very consistent. Nice, rich flavor. A full bodied smoke to be enjoyed, not rushed. Strong, but not crazy so. Classic good looks. Just a great cigar."
La Aroma de Cuba,5 out of 5,Always a great cigar.,Always a great cigar.
La Aroma de Cuba,5 out of 5,Favorite,Good for a long smoke. They are my favorite
La Aroma de Cuba,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar,"Excellent Cigar, beutifully rolled and packaged"
La Aroma de Cuba,3 out of 5,"Great Start, Dissapointing Unravel.",Great start to this cigar. Mellow leather and raisin leading to wood and spice. Unfortunately had a massively dissapointing unravel half way through. Tried to rescue it with a chop off of about an inch but was for naught. Had to scrap it.
La Aroma de Cuba,5 out of 5,Premium cigar at fair price,This cigar has it all !!! Impeccably craftsmanship. Beautiful cigar to behold. You can just tell by looking at the cigar that it has been well made. The rapper is blemish-free. The burn is excellent no runners all the way to the end. I like to visually and physically inspect the cigar before I smoke and this cigar has no soft spots no blemishes just very well rolled cigar. Now the draw is pretty consistently smooth and easy however I have on occasion gotten a few that were mildly difficult to draw but nothing that was uncomfortable. This cigar is very smooth and puts out a lot of smoke which I like. The cigar always has a home in my humidor.
La Aroma de Cuba,5 out of 5,Love them,Love them
La Aroma de Cuba,5 out of 5,Fast shipping quality products very,Fast shipping quality products very easy transaction
La Aroma de Cuba,4 out of 5,De Cuba’s,"Overall: BUY
I ordered a box of 24. Great smoke and draw, Flavor is smooth, It burns even, and goes well with your favorite coffee or beverage.
I will buy again.
808 state 🤙🏽"
La Aroma de Cuba,5 out of 5,Great Cigars,After trying many different Cigars....this is the brand that I most enjoy!
La Aroma de Cuba,5 out of 5,Tasty!,Great flavor and godd burn!!
La Aroma de Cuba,5 out of 5,Nice slow even burn. No,Nice slow even burn. No harsh taste or smell.
La Aroma de Cuba,5 out of 5,Awesome!!!,"The best on the market, hands down. When I hit the lottery, I'm buying the company!"
La Aroma de Cuba,5 out of 5,La Aroma De Cuba Monarch,"These are my regular smoke, and my favorite!"
La Aroma de Cuba,4 out of 5,Nice overall flavor. Sometimes rolled,Nice overall flavor. Sometimes rolled a little to tight. Would like a little more fuller flavor.
La Aroma de Cuba,2 out of 5,Draw was very inconsistent from,Draw was very inconsistent from cigar to cigar.
La Aroma de Cuba,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Great Cigar
La Aroma de Cuba,5 out of 5,Best ever cigars for your buck $$,Great from start to finish. Even burn. A great tasting cigar
La Aroma de Cuba Edicion Especial,5 out of 5,top 10 favorite cigars,top 10 favorite cigars and great for the price. la aroma de cuba line is all around great
La Aroma de Cuba Edicion Especial,5 out of 5,A wonderful smoke,"Excellent flavor, burns even. A delightful smoke"
La Aroma de Cuba Edicion Especial,5 out of 5,one of my favorites,one of my favorites
La Aroma de Cuba Edicion Especial,4 out of 5,Tight draw,"These are my favorite smokes, but this batch are tight and hard to draw. I hope the rest of the box is better. These are good cigars and taste good."
La Aroma de Cuba Edicion Especial,5 out of 5,The Best,"This is my favorite cigar. I have one humidor packed with them. I can’t describe it like some of you folks at CI, but I would take this cigar over any other. I can’t get enough of them!"
La Aroma de Cuba Edicion Especial,5 out of 5,Good goto,Good goto
La Aroma de Cuba Edicion Especial,4 out of 5,A very nice medium bodied smoke.,The La Aroma de Cuba Edicion Especial and the Herrera Esteli are two of the better medium bodied cigars I've smoked recently. Not much to find fault with. I did notice that the strength can sneak up on you a bit. Having said that I shared one of these with a friend who seldom smokes and he finished it without incident. A good choice when you are not sure what to reach for but want to smoke something nice. I would rate it somewhere between 4 and 5 stars.
La Aroma de Cuba Edicion Especial,5 out of 5,La Aroma de Cuba EE #3,"One of my favorite cigars. My opinion, very close to smoking a Cuban.
Burn is always great!"
La Aroma de Cuba Edicion Especial,3 out of 5,So so smoke,"I just smoked one of these, which I bought in May 2015. It was a little too strong for my tastes...and left a bitter after taste."
La Aroma de Cuba Edicion Especial,5 out of 5,Very loved,"For my husband
Nicely packed"
La Aroma de Cuba Edicion Especial,5 out of 5,A Great Smoke,"Read the general reviews of this brand and chose the Edicion Especial for is mid range strength. I wasn't dissapointed. This cigar is well made, smokes evenly and holds a good ash. Taste borders on the milder side of mid and went well with a cold brew. I would recomend this cigar to anyone wanting to try the brand and will be ordering more."
La Aroma de Cuba Edicion Especial,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"Good medium strength smoke. Smooth drawing and even burning. Starts with mild cedar and spice, tastes of leather and vanilla. Velvety smoke through out. Spicy finish."
La Aroma de Cuba Edicion Especial,5 out of 5,La Cuba de aroma edicion especially no.1,The smell of Cuba.... Great cigar quality construction superb taste but for me it fall short of the Mi Amor as well as the std La Aroma De Cuba
La Aroma de Cuba Edicion Especial,5 out of 5,La Aroma de Cuba Especial #2.,"I love the Aroma de Cuba Especial line. Very tasty. Also CI has fast shipping, great selection and great customer service. Thanks again for everything."
La Aroma de Cuba Edicion Especial,5 out of 5,UP in smoke,Great cigar nice and smooth smoke with a very good aroma. could not go wrong if you did not know what to buy.
La Aroma de Cuba Edicion Especial,5 out of 5,EE #5,"Smooth, tasty, excellent. One of my top 5 favorites."
La Aroma de Cuba Edicion Especial,5 out of 5,La Aroma de Cuba,Fairly new to cigars. Great medium strength cigar. Nice even burn and draw
La Aroma de Cuba Edicion Especial,4 out of 5,Nice Smoke,Very good for the price.
La Aroma de Cuba Edicion Especial,5 out of 5,Classic cigar,Go to cigar!
La Aroma de Cuba Edicion Especial,5 out of 5,Pleasant smoking experience,I've had this cigar several times in the past. I really enjoy the flavors and pleasant aromas that come off this cigar. Well priced too.
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor,5 out of 5,Great,Unbelievable smoke. One of my favs
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor,5 out of 5,LARD,"GOOD FLAVOR, SLOW BURN, ONE OF MY FAVORITES."
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor,4 out of 5,good flavor,good flavor
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor,5 out of 5,Love these smokes,Love these smokes
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor,4 out of 5,Good,Good
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor,4 out of 5,Smooth.,Good flavor. Nice and easy. Great burn.
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor,5 out of 5,best ever|,best ever|
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor,5 out of 5,La Aroma De Cuba,Great draw. Great flavor from start to finish. I’ll buy them again for sure.
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor,5 out of 5,"Great construction, perfect drawer, excellent","Great construction, perfect drawer, excellent flavor."
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor,4 out of 5,I like this cigar and,I like this cigar and have liked it since I first tasted one several months ago.
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor,5 out of 5,Nice cigar med full good,Nice cigar med full good draw not to strong good flavor
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor,5 out of 5,My wife bought me this,"My wife bought me this cigar at a local shop for Valentine’s Day before we were married. A young woman working the store picked it out for her. She said, “ He won’t be disappointed .” She was right."
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor,4 out of 5,Quality cigar,Quality cigar
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor,5 out of 5,July 2020 Review,Great as expected.
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor,5 out of 5,Excellent,Looking to stock up on these. Great flavor and great burn
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor,5 out of 5,Solid,"Excellent cigar. Large, tasty bouquet. Very smooth taste. Leathery, earthy, and palate pleasing! I would definitely not let my humidor be without this one."
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor,5 out of 5,wonderful smooth cigar,wonderful smooth cigar
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor,5 out of 5,My favorite,"I love these, very consistent quality. Perfect size and shape."
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor,5 out of 5,Can't go wrong with these.,Full flavored without bitterness. Leather and wood tastes with lots of smoke and a good burn.
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor,4 out of 5,Tasty,Tasty
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor,5 out of 5,"A genuine premium, through and through","A very impressive cigar! There are many that are supposedly spectacular, but this one delivers the goods. I love lighting this one up, and it keeps up the great aroma right to the end w/o going sour."
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor,5 out of 5,La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor Magnifico,These are a great cigar. Bold all the way through. Not too short or too long.
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor,5 out of 5,One of the Best Smokes Ever!,"Amazing smoke! Well worth the 93 rating - maybe more like 95. Burns great, starts off smooth then kicks up with some spice and finishes strong. Love the size and the box press shape. One of the best smokes I've had in 10 years. Will definitely grab these again. Fantastic!"
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor,5 out of 5,excellent cigar,"One of the best cigars I've had in awhile. burns a little unevenly, but still worth a 5 rating"
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor,4 out of 5,Good smoke,I'm a big la aroma fan and this smoke didn't disappoint!
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor,5 out of 5,Very smooth and flavor full,Very smooth and flavor full high-end cigar
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor,5 out of 5,fantastic cigar,super cigar
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor,4 out of 5,Great Smoke,Outstanding value - great smoke!
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor,4 out of 5,Lovely cigars but runs hop toward the last third.,"The first time I tried it, I was surprised in a good way so I othered a box of 25 and smoked one straight out of the box. Big Mistake. It's been 6 months now and I am starting to enjoy the. In fact, I smoke this every day now. The only caveat is, it runs up toward the last 3rd so get ready for some cooked inner lips"
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor,5 out of 5,"Great cigars, fast delivery","Great cigars, fast delivery"
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor,5 out of 5,La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor Duque,"Only good things to say about this cigar. Construction, burn, consistency, and most importantly taste are all terrific. Don't like paying normal price for anything, but these are actually worth it. Even more so when they are on sale."
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor,5 out of 5,Great smoke,A pleasurable pause with these sticks!
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor,5 out of 5,Always Great!,One of my favorite smokes. Rich and creamy with plenty of complexity.
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke on every level.,Excellent smoke on every level.
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor,5 out of 5,Maximum Drool,"Great smoke. Excellent draw. Smooth from foot to nub. Had me drooling before I could toast it, yummy."
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor,4 out of 5,cigar was too long for,"cigar was too long for me. My fault, however"
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor,5 out of 5,Wicked Good Smoke!,Always good and consistent
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"you will have set aside sometime to fully enjoy this one all I can say is Superb, Superb, and Superb from start to finish"
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor,5 out of 5,Perfection,"These are really good! I often buy samplers because I like the eternal search for the best ""go-to"" cigar. You know, the one you always want in your humidor. This Mi Amor Duque fits the bill! So well made. Even burn. Smooth taste from start to finish."
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor,5 out of 5,"Absolutely MAGNIFICO, I’ve found “Mi Amor”","Bought a Box of these couple weeks back, and let them acclimate in the humidor until last night. Toasted my First one with a nice glass of “Simi Reserve Cabernet Sauvignon 2005”. PERFECT PAIRING BTW!!
Anyway this stick was/Is AMAZING, from start to finish. Smooth all the way to the Nub, didn’t want it to finish.
Nice Medium/Full flavor stick that isn’t too peppery, gets little more zesty toward the end. But still smooth and creamy. I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS STICK. It is now “Mi Amor” Magnifico!!!!!!"
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor,4 out of 5,Pleased,I really enjoyed the stick.
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor,4 out of 5,Thought they were box pressed,"This is probably by favorite cigar. All other Mi Amor's I have had were box pressed, but no labeled as so. I assumed these Gordos would be too but they are not. Great stick, but would not have bought the Gordo if I knew it was not box pressed. Great smoke, but a little disappointed."
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor,4 out of 5,Great cigar for the money,Smooth and tasty nice short smoke for a 40 minute break around a ball game!😁
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor,4 out of 5,Strong Aroma,Great Smoke if you like a strong savory smoke.
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor,5 out of 5,Good cigars,These are excellent cigars! Good taste!
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor,5 out of 5,delightfully bold and smooth,delightfully bold and smooth
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor,5 out of 5,Rivals the expensive ones... Great,Rivals the expensive ones... Great start better finish!
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor,5 out of 5,Le aroma,One of the best cigars for the money. Smoked evenly all the way. The flavor was great and smooth. Would recommend this to any one
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor Reserva,5 out of 5,Great cigars at a good,Great cigars at a good price.
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor Reserva,5 out of 5,Fantastically Premiere,"So far, this is my favorite ""My Father"" blend recipe the factory has produced. I had to resist the temptation to indulge in enjoying the entire box because I want to keep a handful in the humidor for year. Talk about a resolution to keep..."
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor Reserva,5 out of 5,Everything I hoped it would be,"This is everything I hoped it would be. 5 star. Intoxicating spicey aroma, great construction, even burn, copious smoke. So many ""premium"" cigars fall far short of their hype that I had lost interest in trying any more. I'm down to owning one humidor from four. I only smoke what I truly enjoy now, and this is one of them. Every inch of it was a pleasure."
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor Reserva,3 out of 5,Just an ok smoke,Just an ok smoke
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor Reserva,5 out of 5,Wow!!!,"I made sure I had a rested palate before I tried my first of these primo sticks in order to fully appreciate it. I'm glad I did. Wow!!! This is the smoothest, most flavorful, full-bodied cigar I've ever tasted. I'll be buying many more of these!"
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor Reserva,5 out of 5,A must!,Oh yes! A definite add to the humidor! Excellent! Love your special!
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor Reserva,5 out of 5,super,very good
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor Reserva,5 out of 5,Favorite of this brand. Slow,"Favorite of this brand. Slow even burn, solid ash with good smoke. Full even flavor that is consistent through the entire cigar. 1+ hour of enjoyment."
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor Reserva,5 out of 5,First time I've tasted these.,"Very good cigar, great taste that remains to the end. No bitter finish."
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor Reserva,5 out of 5,What’s that odor? The Aroma of Cuba My Love.,My current favorite. They are a consistently great smoke. I would smoke these all the time if I could afford it.
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor Reserva,5 out of 5,My number two favorite!,Great smoke
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor Reserva,5 out of 5,Excellente,I thought this was an excellent smoke. Be careful not to pull the large label off too quickly as it pulls some of the wrapper off. But excellent from front to back to smoke.
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor Reserva,5 out of 5,Lennyg,Excellent smoke to the end
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor Reserva,5 out of 5,My Favorite Cigar,"Several years ago, I experienced one of these fine cigars which were created by Ashton. It has become my hands down favorite ever since."
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor Reserva,5 out of 5,La Aroma da Cuba,I enjoyed these cigars very much.
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor Reserva,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor Reserva,5 out of 5,Just like Bobby Orr,Great cigar. End to end.
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor Reserva,5 out of 5,The Best hands down,Great smoke!!!
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor Reserva,5 out of 5,Great experience,Cigars and quickly and quality was excellent
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor Reserva,5 out of 5,Amazing smell,Love this cigar one of the best
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor Reserva,5 out of 5,La Aroma de Cuba,"Nice pleasant smoke. Not the reason I purchased the sampler, but won’t hesitate to purchase it again."
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor Reserva,5 out of 5,Great flavor and burns even.,Great flavor and burns even. To smoke one is my evening treat.
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor Reserva,5 out of 5,Full and Spich,Tasty spicy treat. Full flavored with the DPG pepper bomb. Loved them
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor Reserva,5 out of 5,Fine smoke!,"This is a great after dinner sipping cigar. Not quite as full as some other La Aroma de Cuba, but a very enjoyable smooth earthy with white pepper spices perfect burning hourvof pleasure. Try with confidence"
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor Reserva,5 out of 5,Great!,Great!
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor Reserva,5 out of 5,Great smoke,My brother-in-law gave me one of these ( Reseva) one evening and I totally enjoyed it; an easy draw and great taste. Had to get couple of 5 packs to start me off and will be re-ordering soon.
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor Reserva,5 out of 5,Awesome cigar,My favorite cigar absolutely delicious wish I could afford a box I’ll keep buying the 5 packs
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor Reserva,5 out of 5,Great Cigar!,"Not one to go over all the flavors I think I taste, but I do know when I like a cigar and this is a great cigar!"
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor Reserva,4 out of 5,Great smoke.,"I was not a huge fan of the other La Aroma cigars, so I was skeptical when I tried this one out. I was very surprised. This is a very nice cigar with great complex flavors. I will always keep a box of these in my humidor."
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor Reserva,5 out of 5,Pepin Does it Again,Great cigar! Right off the bat the pepper hits. The flavors zig zag throughout and satisfy all the way through. Would definitely recommend and will be smoking more.
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor Reserva,5 out of 5,Exceptional cigar,Love this cigar for a special occasion
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor Reserva,5 out of 5,Good cigar. Arrived a day,Good cigar. Arrived a day earlier.
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor Reserva,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar!! Rich flavor.,Excellent Cigar!! Rich flavor.
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor Reserva,5 out of 5,"Like them a lot. Smoot,","Like them a lot. Smoot, tasty
and very easy draw."
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor Reserva,5 out of 5,Great,As with anything in the La Aroma family these are great smokes.
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor Reserva,4 out of 5,A great time,A great smoke. My first time trying them and they've been excellent. From the toasting to the final draw it was a pleasure.
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor Reserva,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor Reserva,4 out of 5,They get better with Proper ageing.,"These are good, Trust me."
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor Reserva,5 out of 5,Thumbs up all the way,Thumbs up all the way up
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor Reserva,5 out of 5,DPG rules!,"This is an awesome cigar! Starts off extremely smooth, but still has ample, delicious flavor. Strength keeps building throughout until the last third is a full-bodied powerhouse. Nice! Draw and burn are impeccable. If you're on the fence about trying this cigar, jump off right now. You will not be disappointed. You cannot go wrong with the Don."
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor Reserva,5 out of 5,Fantastic smoke,"This ""La aroma de Cuba (Mi Amor) Reserva"" was a pleasant surprise. I had not tried this brand till I got it in a sampler and I'm hooked. Samplers are a great way of tasting new smokes."
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor Reserva,4 out of 5,Great cigar,Loved the selection
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor Reserva,5 out of 5,Great with Scotch,Both cigar brands go very well with single malt scotches. They enhance the flavor without overwhelming it.
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor Reserva,3 out of 5,Little to spice towards end,Little to spice towards end
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor Reserva,5 out of 5,Top 10 Cigar for sure!!,Definitely one of my favorite cigars. Especially for the price. My Father/Don Peppin Cigars are world class no matter what brand they are putting out of their factory..
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor Reserva,4 out of 5,Good,Good
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor Reserva,4 out of 5,It was good,It was good
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor Reserva,5 out of 5,Lamelike,"One of my favorite sticks to reach for, great flavor, burns clean, stays lit. Everyone should try this cigar!!!
Will be purchasing more:)"
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor Reserva,5 out of 5,Aswome!,Awsome!
La Aroma de Cuba Mi Amor Reserva,5 out of 5,"Awesome, Awesome and Awesome!","Great roll, great burn and great flavor form the beginning to the end...and I nubbed it! Just buy them!! If you don't enjoy these you should probably quit smoking cigars. :-)"
La Aroma de Cuba Noblesse,5 out of 5,Noblesse is a winner,From the first puff to the last - the Noblesse is one fine cigar that can not be matched by any other. Rich and bold and full bodied with a blend of the finest tobaccos money can buy. This is a must for every humidor on the planet. Each cigar is a smoking experience beyond imagination.
La Aroma de Cuba Noblesse,5 out of 5,As good as the hype,It’s truly my second favorite ever. Depth of flavor is unreal.
La Aroma de Cuba Noblesse,5 out of 5,La Aroma de Cuba Noblesse Regency,The finest cigar I have ever purchased from CI
La Aroma de Cuba Noblesse,4 out of 5,"Very, Very Good, but not as Great as Hyped","First review on CI, so let me give you my specs. Smoking cigars for 20+ years, worked at well known cigar shop for 2 years full-time and another 3 years on my day-off from my main gig, and have been smoking LAC cigars regularly since they debuted.
I purchased a five pack before committing to a box. Have smoked 3 and have laid two down in the humidor to asses again after 3 and 6 months. The first one I lit was unimpressive - extremely tight draw, funky burn, minimal flavor delivered, put it down after 50%. The second was magnificent. Complex flavors, well balanced, incredibly elegant smoke, excellent draw and burn. Third had some problems of the first but resorted to form of the second after the first 1.5 inches.
Will I buy more, yeah, almost certainly. Do I consider it a better value than the LAC Mi Amor Riserva... I'll let you know in three months."
La Aroma de Cuba Noblesse,5 out of 5,Wow,Great smoke...my new favorite
La Aroma de Cuba Noblesse,5 out of 5,Excellent service,I'm a repeat customer for a reason. They are fantastic.
La Aroma de Cuba Noblesse,5 out of 5,An Excellent Choice,"This cigar is the pinnacle of an already prestigious line of cigars. The Noblesse is layered with excellent flavor profiles, beginning with a sweet coffee flavor, with generous spice throughout. The care used to introduce the right tobacco combination exhibits the blenders love and dedication. The construction and consistency from each cigar is outstanding as well. I rate the Noblesse up with most of the very good Cuban cigars I have enjoyed. You'll be hard pressed to find a better smoke."
La Aroma de Cuba Noblesse,5 out of 5,Fabulous Cigar,"Unbelievable cigar and worth every penny. The tobacco combination is wonderful and produces hints of peanuts, graham crackers and earthy flavors. Very satisfying smoke with excellent even burn line, no touch ups required and will not go out half way through. Will definitely buy more for the humidor."
La Aroma de Cuba Noblesse,4 out of 5,Definitely worth the purchase,"Really enjoyed this one. On the pricey side but worth the try if you enjoy the label. Great construction, better flavor."
La Aroma de Cuba Noblesse,5 out of 5,enjoyable,wonderful full body very smoth some complexity but consistent i enjoyed them definitely recommend them and intend to buy again
La Aurora 107,5 out of 5,A must have,One of the most flavorful cigars in my humidor.A must buy!!!!
La Aurora 107,5 out of 5,107,"Next to 100 Anos, my favorite La Aurora."
La Aurora 107,5 out of 5,Good cigar at a reasonable,Good cigar at a reasonable price
La Aurora 107,5 out of 5,Best purchase experience,"Very fast response, very good experience of purchase"
La Aurora 107,5 out of 5,Wow,"Dam ! I feel like I'm giving up my secret fishing hole recommending this cigar. I bought a five pack of these and didn't expect too much. I was so wrong. Maybe I'm silly, but to me this is exactly what a cigar should be. I am blown away. shhhhhhhhhhh... Please don't tell others!"
La Aurora 107,5 out of 5,La Aurora 107,"I LOVE these cigars! I've smoked a lot of cigars over the past 30 years some were fantastic some sucked. But I've never been disappointed with a La Aurora 107. These cigars are consistently good from first puff to the finish. I love them, they are my everyday ""Go To"" cigar"
La Aurora 107,5 out of 5,Aurora 107,Excellent bold taste with the flavor of a 25 dollar cigar. I first bought the Aurora 107 in the Dominican Republic and quickly they have become my favorite cigar.
La Aurora 107,4 out of 5,This Lion can Roar,All the analytical stuff aside.. I've smoked 2 of these in 2 days and I really enjoyed them. Strong and smooth. Tasted more like a Nicaraguan than Honduran (both fillers are in there I think). I'll keep these in the box for sure. The price is right too. Very nice.
La Aurora 1495 Series,4 out of 5,Excellent!,"My favorite offering from La Aurora, these sticks are excellent, and the price point is right on."
La Aurora 1495 Series,4 out of 5,Fine smoke,"This is an excellent smoke without any bitterness in a well constructed cigar. In most boxes of cigars at least one or two has a cigar with a central leaf stem that causes the cigar to canoe, so far after three boxes, these have all smoked well."
La Aurora 1495 Series,4 out of 5,Gary,The cigar is ok but I had to keep lighting the tip to keep it burning even.
La Aurora 1495 Series,4 out of 5,Dang Good Cigar,"Dang good cigar for the price. Starts out peppery, then mellows out. A couple had burn issues, but the rest of the box burned great. I’ll definitely grab another box when they go on sale again."
La Aurora 1495 Series,5 out of 5,Best Cigar I've Ever Had!,Got a little head buzz from it. My only complaint is the Churchills take forever to smoke and there were one or two that were plugged. I just pinched the end before each puff and that seemed to do the trick.
La Aurora 1495 Series,5 out of 5,Not Bad,Great draw and burn. Nice mild to medium smoke. As always great price. Thank you
La Aurora 1495 Series,4 out of 5,Quite good,"Excellent quality,good flavor,but had a few rolled to tight .overall good buy"
La Aurora 1495 Series,4 out of 5,Not a bad smoke,"Leathery, somewhat nutty, earthy smoke"
La Aurora 1495 Series,5 out of 5,Great cigar,One of my favorite
La Aurora 1495 Series,4 out of 5,Nice cigar,Nice cigar
La Aurora 1495 Series,5 out of 5,La Aurora 1495,I really enjoy these cigars after dinner. They have a smooth burn and a nice medium peppery spicy taste.
La Aurora 1495 Series,4 out of 5,Good flavor,"I am enjoying them, some burn issues, but a solid cigar for the price."
La Aurora 1495 Series,5 out of 5,In my top 5,"These are a reliable medium smoke for me, textured flavor, well constructed, even burn and stay lit well."
La Aurora 1495 Series,5 out of 5,1495 great year,I have bought several sizes of this cigar . love every one .but the longer the better .will continue to buy more
La Aurora 1495 Series,5 out of 5,Good Cigar,First time I’ve tried these. Well constructed. Good draw. Even burn. Nice taste. Would buy again.
La Aurora 1495 Series,5 out of 5,Smooth,"Nice creamy taste, not too bitty. Very consistent smoke for the price! 👊🏾"
La Aurora 1495 Series,4 out of 5,Good burn for the most,"Good burn for the most part a few needed additional lighter help, good flavor"
La Aurora 1495 Series,5 out of 5,La Aurora 1465,"Great cigar, good construction and excellent flavor profile."
La Aurora 1495 Series,4 out of 5,"Great cigars , especially for the price I paid","These cigars are beautifully constructed, great wrapper, burn slowly and evenly. They are a medium bodied smoke that takes about 45 minutes to smoke. Great flavors of mild pepper , leather, wood , and spices. I would definitely buy them again if the price is right. I would score them a solid 90."
La Aurora 1495 Series,4 out of 5,Nice cigar.,Nice cigar.
La Aurora 1495 Series,4 out of 5,Pretty Good,Got these for $3/stick and they’re definitely worth that. LA cigars are usually pretty good but never really great by my palette.
La Aurora 1495 Series,3 out of 5,"Nice stick, great price.","Smooth, leathery, decent construction. At the sale price, it made for a great buy. Keep an eye open for sales..."
La Aurora 1495 Series,5 out of 5,A good every afternoon smoke,A good every afternoon smoke
La Aurora 1495 Series,4 out of 5,jf,Well constructed medium strength every day smoke.
La Aurora 1495 Series,4 out of 5,Very satisfying!,"I generally buy samplers because I enjoy a variety of flavors. This is a nice medium cigar. It has a good flavor, and great draw with an even burn. It’s a nice smoke for the price. I would buy it again."
La Aurora 1495 Series,5 out of 5,Try it,"Nice, kept mine for 2 yrs b4 smoking, great body, great flavor"
La Aurora 1495 Series,4 out of 5,Excellent Cigar,Excellent Cigar! These are better then the Cohiba's I also purchased at triple the cost. Will buy again
La Aurora 1495 Series,5 out of 5,"Excellent spicy flavor, very easy","Excellent spicy flavor, very easy draw, even burn, can’t wait to smoke the next one."
La Aurora 1495 Series,3 out of 5,Nothing to wright home about!,An average once in a while smoke.
La Aurora 1495 Series,5 out of 5,A Very Nice Cigar,"Enjoying this cigar! Great draw and burn, perfect.Will be buying again."
La Aurora 1495 Series,4 out of 5,La Aurora 1495,"Good but not great. I thought it would be a fuller bodied cigar but to me, much more on the medium/medium + side. Good construction and good burn. I will buy again if I catch them on sale."
La Aurora 1495 Series,4 out of 5,Go to daily cigar,"Love this cigar for it’s easy draw , smooth flavorful taste, consistent quality control and a very affordable price. Never had a bad one in about 20 boxes smoked to date."
La Aurora 1495 Series,4 out of 5,Very tasty.,Very tasty.
La Aurora 1495 Series,5 out of 5,La Aurora 1495 Series Robusto,Very good cigar. I enjoyed them. Put them in the humidor with good smokes.
La Aurora 1495 Series,5 out of 5,Very Tasty,"Nice size ,price and flavor."
La Aurora 1495 Series,4 out of 5,Nice,Good cigars for a good price.
La Aurora 1495 Series,5 out of 5,Smoke,Great cigar!
La Aurora 1495 Series,3 out of 5,La Aurora 1495,Fair construction. Had to relight few times. Flavor good.
La Aurora 1495 Series,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Great cigar with wonderful taste.
La Aurora 1495 Series,5 out of 5,"Definitely a great smoke, flavorful and enjoyable.",Solid smoke great flavor definitely glad I got these when they were on sale.
La Aurora 1495 Series,5 out of 5,La Aurora 1495 series knocks it out of the park for value and flavor!,"Excellent smoke for when you want to enjoy a cigar that is a bit more complex in the flavor department. Excellent value, great draw, mostly even burn. One that has a permanent residence in my humidor."
La Aurora 1495 Series,5 out of 5,Always have some of these in my humidor!,"This smoke has been a favorite of mine for quite a while. Good draw, just enough punch to wake up the taste buds, and great price. Definitely a go-to Cigar."
La Aurora 1495 Series,4 out of 5,Good cigar,"Good, not great but good. 3.5 stars. Good flavor draw, burn , but not best I’ve had. But good"
La Aurora 1495 Series,3 out of 5,Decent smoke,Decent smoke
La Aurora 1495 Series,5 out of 5,Smooth n creamy,Smooth n creamy
La Aurora 1495 Series,3 out of 5,Not bad,It's a good smoke for the money
La Aurora 1495 Series,4 out of 5,Tasty stick for the price,This cigar did not disappoint me. It has plenty of flavor (I don’t know how people can distinguish flavors...it’s either good or bad for me) and if I want to smoke it to the nub it’s a winner for me. This one is a winner. I gave it 4 stars only because I have had superb cigars before and though this one doesn’t reach that level it is definitely worth buying again.
La Aurora 1495 Series,3 out of 5,Not bad.,Decent inexpensive smoke. Good draw but a little airy. Good construction. Even burn. Taste is fair.
La Aurora 1495 Series,5 out of 5,La Aurora 1495,I received these in a sampler. I was not familiar with this brand but to my surprise these were very good cigars. The taste is a medium to full body with a very good draw. I just ordered more of them. These may just become one of my favorite cigars.
La Aurora 1495 Series,4 out of 5,1495 Robusto,They were a little better than average. :-)
La Aurora ADN Dominicano,5 out of 5,A very good cigar,From star to finish La Aurora ADN is simply a good strong cigar.
La Aurora Barrel Aged,3 out of 5,La Aurora Barrel Aged 2nd Purchase,Purchased a box several years ago and really liked them. This box was different. Cigar much darker and the inside would burn much faster than the outside.
La Aurora Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,Cherry Bomb like Cohiba Maduro 5,Super yummy cigar with tremendous Maduro sweetness and barrel aged smoothness. If you like Cuban Cohibas this is the next step up from that which pairs very similarly to the Cuban Cohiba Maduro 5 series. Great value for the price. Very well rolled as the ash stays intact for many inches on each stick.
La Aurora Barrel Aged,3 out of 5,A little stronger than advertised,A little stronger than advertised and difficult to get a n even light for an even burn
La Aurora Barrel Aged,4 out of 5,Better than expected,Smooth even burn. Tasty. Good stick for the pricetag
La Aurora Barrel Aged,4 out of 5,La aurora barrel age,Great smoke from the start till end
La Aurora Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,Barrel Aged,"Great smokes, even better when on sale."
La Aurora Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,If you like barrel aged...,Great cigar especially if you enjoy barrel aged. Other brands are very expensive and La Aurora makes it affordable to smoke every day. Quality and flavor very good.
La Aurora Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,A must have in the humidor
La Aurora Barrel Aged,1 out of 5,Possibly passable as a yard gar,"I have to say I am right there with the other one star reviews. Odd funky taste, wonky burn, unwillingness to stay lit and seemingly poor construction. Got this in a sampler and will not be buying more"
La Aurora Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,la aurora roars!,"My go to every day smoke, easy draw, even burn, and a thick rich smoke, right to the end. Good smoke for the money, just what I'm looking for."
La Aurora Barrel Aged,3 out of 5,A Serviceable Cigar,"Not at the top of my list of cigars I relish smoking but it makes a decent every day cigar. It if definitely medium to full bodied but has a funky flavor that is hard to describe. Probably related to its having been stored in a barrel. It does not always burn evenly and compared to other La Aurora cigars, which I do enjoy, it ranks near the bottom of the line. In a pinch, I would probably order it again because of the price."
La Aurora Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,Super good smoke,"These cigars are great. Full flavor but very smooth and not harsh. The actual smoke is high in volume and not at all hot. Good burn, stays lit, good pull. I will buy these again. One of my new top ten favorites."
La Aurora Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,Guillermo,The smoke was very smooth
La Aurora Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,La Aurora Barrel Aged,Great smoke and finish. Good taste
La Aurora Barrel Aged,1 out of 5,Too strong,Will not order again
La Aurora Barrel Aged,3 out of 5,Not as flavorable as I,Not as flavorable as I expected.
La Aurora Barrel Aged,3 out of 5,I bought these as a gift.,"Good smoke , but had to keep lighting it up after every hit."
La Aurora Barrel Aged,2 out of 5,"Bill,from Cincy !!..","Not real sure ,been a little disappointed, i think overated cigar !! But had to put in humidor drenched in water to try an being these back ,seems like last 2-3 purchases ,cigars seem to b dry an need rehydrated , it worked after a few weeks in a couple previous purchases , these as well , But they don't have a real nice even burn"
La Aurora Barrel Aged,1 out of 5,worst I ever bought,"I am sorry I don't understand these other reviews, the single worst cigar I ever purchased from Cigar's international, burn is uneven, won't stay light, taste is not good, huge stems in the wrapper, might have to throw them away."
La Aurora Barrel Aged,4 out of 5,WORTH A SECOND LOOK.,"JUST OPENED THE BOX. AFTER 2, FIRST THIRD OFFERED QUITE STRONG PEPPER, LAST TWO THIRDS THE TASTE MELLOWED TO A CREAMY/MALTY NOTE WITH STILL MORE PEPPER. CONSTRUCTION IS BETTER THAN AVERAGE. WILL LET THESE SIT IN THE HUMI FOR A MONTH AND TRY AGAIN."
La Aurora Barrel Aged,2 out of 5,Not a good use for the tabaco,"I give one star because the construction is consistant from cigar to cigar even if they are a little soft they are still all the same. I give another star because they do produce good clouds of smoke even though it is lacking in flavor and providing you can keep it lit.
Bottom line is if your looking for a low cost stick then keep looking, I would not recommend this cigar to anyone nor will I purchase them again."
La Aurora Barrel Aged,2 out of 5,"Consistant construction, low flavor","I give it one star because these are pretty consistant in their construction and one star because they produce lots of smoke. The burn tends to be uneven and touch ups are required. Flavor at the start is almost nonexistant but after about 3/4 of an inch it starts to build a little flavor, mild for sure. If your looking for a cheap cigar that is consistant in construction this will work for you but if your looking for something to savor, pass on this one keep looking."
La Aurora Bristol Especial Maduro,5 out of 5,Pull the trigger!,"Cigars International never ceases to amaze me this is the best deal on the planet it’s not an Oliva V or a Cohiba Black however you get a lot of bang for your buck I bought two boxes on a whim since I smoke cigars from the time I wake (cigar and coffee the breakfast of champions) 😊 to the time I retire to bed, at this price point exceptional deal, The first 25% is Decent however after that with the guy really picks up I’m sure after a week or two in the humidor it will rank right up there you will not be disappointed, the draw is excellent the ash maintains its structure and appearance 35% of the length of the cigar with out budging, I hope there’s some left after I write this review LOL bye for now!"
La Aurora Bristol Especial Maduro,5 out of 5,Five Star Smokes,"Premium cigar at a great price! I bought a few boxes to try. One for a friend and one for myself. Wow! These cigars are amazing. Perfectly rolled with a beautiful dark maduro wrapper. I already smoked about 5 cigars from the box and ....boy are they flavorful and burn perfect from start to finish! Highly rerecommend buying a box, you won't regret it! A+ La Aurora 👍"
La Aurora Bristol Especial Maduro,5 out of 5,Great choice moderately priced,"Good cigar, for those who smoke a couple of times a week."
La Aurora Cameroon Palmas Extra,4 out of 5,Aurora,Good little cigar great burn but i mostly perfer Maduros so not for me
La Aurora Cameroon Palmas Extra,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke good cons truction,"Excellent smoke good cons
truction"
La Aurora Embassador Habana Corojo,5 out of 5,"exce,,et",Great fllbody cigr
La Aurora Embassador Habana Corojo,5 out of 5,Amazing cigars,"Smooth creamy cigar with a touch of pepper. Great smoke, absolutely amazing cigar ."
La Aurora Embassador Habana Corojo,5 out of 5,Big bang for the $.,"Well worth the money. Way spend $$$$, when this stands up to the high $ cigars. My new every day smoke."
La Aurora Embassador Habana Corojo,5 out of 5,Thumbs up from me la aurora,I think this is one of the best budget smokes on the market I will try all the sizes but I've really liked the bellicoso and the box press Toro I get a cinnamon note from the box press I dont get from the belicoso but regardless a great smoke I plan to try the corona and hopefully the Solomon goes back into stock
La Aurora Embassador Maduro,4 out of 5,Great Sticks,"Great construction great draw, some are a little tight but to be expected from lanceros, very smooth with some pepper and sweet cedar with some cocoa great stick especially for the value. Highly recommend."
La Aurora Preferidos Emerald,3 out of 5,Mk,good smoke but not worth the $$
La Aurora Preferidos Emerald,5 out of 5,Very smooth...,Very smooth...
La Aurora Preferidos Gold,5 out of 5,Aurora Preferidos Gold Edition 1903,"There are not many high-end cigars I have not tried. However, Aurora Preferidos Gold supersede all its competitors with ease. The cigar is tightly-bound, using only the finest tobacco wrapper leaves. Once the cigar is lighted, you never have to worry about relighting it. It burns evenly holding onto its ash for several inches. The flavor of the Gold is my favorite among the several varieties, although, the Ruby is a close second. This cigar may be a little more expensive than what you you usually spend for a cigar, but, you get what you pay for."
La Aurora Preferidos Gold,5 out of 5,Very nice,"Outstanding Dominican Puro. Everyone who takes a tour of my humidor loves the double perfecto shape (they say it reminds them of the old mobster stogies), and the flavor can't be beat. Buy em and love em!"
La Aurora Preferidos Gold,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Great Cigar
La Aurora Preferidos Gold,5 out of 5,Good stuff,"one of my new favorites, Will always keep some in stock for when my best friends are here"
La Aurora Preferidos Platinum,5 out of 5,Very good cigar,I was surprised by two things about this cigar. First was that they are smaller than I expected them to be (shorter). Second was how much I liked them. They are frankly better than I had expected them to be. I really enjoy this cigar. Were they not as pricey as they are I would smoke a lot more of them. The cameroon flavor in this cigar is excellent.
La Aurora Preferidos Platinum,5 out of 5,Great cigars,Great smokes just the right size and strength for an easy walk on the beach.
La Aurora Preferidos Ruby,5 out of 5,Fine cigar,This is a top notch cigar that smokes and burns well. I really like them!
La Aurora Preferidos Ruby,5 out of 5,Great,My favorites for a celebratory smoke
La Aurora Preferidos Sapphire,5 out of 5,MJLAlaska,"Excellent smoke. Great service from CI as usual. I expect nothing less.
Keep up the good work with the great smokes. MJL"
La Aurora Preferidos Sapphire,5 out of 5,Great Gift Idea,"Very nice quality Connecticut, similar to a Montecristo but much nicer packaging and presentation. Hand signed box of 8 is very impressive. Would make a great gift."
La Aurora Preferidos Sapphire,4 out of 5,Quite good,Quite good
La Aurora Principes,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
La Aurora Principes,5 out of 5,Everyday Stick,Great daily smoke.
La Aurora Principes,5 out of 5,Its my husband's favorite cigar,Its my husband's favorite cigar
La Aurora Principes,3 out of 5,Nice cigar with nice odor,Nice cigar with nice odor
La Aurora Principes,4 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth
La Aurora Principes,5 out of 5,Pretty good,"They’re actually pretty good, I didn’t know they were already pre-cut but they are just fine and burn nicely. I am ready to re-order them very soon"
La Aurora Principes,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
La Aurora Principes,5 out of 5,"Good quality cigars ,fresh ,taste good","Usps package good shipping service ,good service and great product fast delivery"
La Aurora Principes,5 out of 5,Enjoy every puff,Enjoy every puff
La Aurora Principes,5 out of 5,Nice smokes,"Very nice cigar. Very mild, burns evenly. I enjoy one on the patio daily watching the sun set. Will purchase again."
La Aurora Principes,5 out of 5,Principals,Great smooth Smoke
La Aurora Principes,5 out of 5,Great bang for the buck,"You can’t beat the overall construction,taste, and price for this little jewel."
La Aurora Principes,5 out of 5,great service and great cigars,great service and great cigars
La Aurora Principes,5 out of 5,Cigar to go..,"What I love about the La Aurora Principes is the individual wrapper. You can have a fresh smoke anytime, anywhere. I keep 2 or 3 on my golf cart
, the dash board of my truck, on the patio table, and of course in the drink holder of my riding lawnmower."
La Aurora Principes,4 out of 5,Could be packed tighter in the wraper,the taste is great however it could be wraped tighter.
La Aurora Principes,4 out of 5,like the freshness and sweet,like the freshness and sweet aroma.
La Aurora Principes,5 out of 5,La Aurora Principes Red,La Aurora Principes Reds are a sweet short smoke I save for the end od a smoking session.
La Aurora Principes,5 out of 5,Great cigars for the price,Great cigars for the price
La Aurora Principes,5 out of 5,Good smoke for a quickie.,I use these while I am working or putting around the yard. If I put it down and forget about it it’s not the end of the world.
La Aurora Principes,5 out of 5,Nice cigar enjoy will order,Nice cigar enjoy will order again noticed they were not in recent catalogs why
La Aurora Principes,4 out of 5,Strokerace,Great little cigar
La Aurora Principes,5 out of 5,Awesome,Fast delivery and great taste
La Aurora Principes,5 out of 5,Outstanding Surprise Anytime Cigar - Mellow & Flavorful..!,Smooth anytime cigar with excellent flavor and aroma due to the Cameroon Wrapper. Mellow with plenty of smoke - good 45 minute smoke. Burns very even with an easy draw. These cigars will surprise you - Highly Recommended. Good for novice smokers and a surprise treat for experienced smokers. They are so very close to the La Aurora Cameroon - same tobacco blend only made from short fillers.
La Aurora Principes,5 out of 5,Great anytime cigar with Great flavor - Excellent Price.,"Great anytime cigar. Great flavor (Cameroon wrapper), easy draw, even burn with plenty of flavorful smoke. An excellent cigar for the price, and highly recommended."
La Aurora Principes,3 out of 5,ok for a quickie,ok for a quickie
La Aurora Principes,4 out of 5,Good,"Nothing wrong with these, good smoke. I did grow tired of the little tabaco flakes in my mouth. Peice of advice for new comers to cigar smoking.
If your getting these just to try out a cigar like smoke- go ahead and just buy a cigar and not a cigarello. You won't regret it and the experience is completely different and likely what your looking for."
La Aurora Principes,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
La Aurora Principes,5 out of 5,Nice cigar,"Good value & quality. I'm happy with this choice, will come back for more when I start running low."
La Aurora Principes,5 out of 5,La Aurora reds!!!,"These flavor packed portifino type cigars are a great treat, the cherry flavor compliments any craft beer, or coffee, or scotch..or just by themselves."
La Aurora Principes,5 out of 5,Good little cigar,these are really nice smoking cigar. Well made good flavor if your looking for a nice little cigar these won't disappoint
La Aurora Principes,5 out of 5,La Aurora Principes Original,good deal good smokes
La Aurora Principes,4 out of 5,Good Cigar,This is a good cigar. Good flavor with a nice even smoke. Disappointed that most of the flavors were gone but happy with this choice.
La Aurora Principes,5 out of 5,Thanks,A very good everyday smoke
La Aurora Principes,5 out of 5,Great cigar and great price,Great cigar and great price please keep in stock
La Aurora Principes,5 out of 5,Pretty and tasty,Great cigar for the price.. Good GO-TO cigar when working in the shop..
La Aurora Principes,5 out of 5,He loves them,He loves them
La Aurora Principes,5 out of 5,Definitely ordering these again,"Bought these out of curiosity.
Nice flavor with a little kick
Glad I got them"
La Aurora Principes,4 out of 5,Good deal,So far I'm enjoying my purchase. Delivered promptly cigars taste good. Will definitely be ordering again
La Aurora Principes,5 out of 5,great smoke for the money,great smoke for the money !!!!!!!
La Aurora Principes,4 out of 5,Good quality for the price,These are good quality cigars with even burn and they taste good too.
La Aurora Principes,5 out of 5,Favorite,My favorite cigar. Both sizes just fit my needs.
La Aurora Principes,5 out of 5,Outstanding little smoke,"I bought these recently for the first time. What a pleasant surprise. The packaging is nice, keeping them fresh when you stick one in your pocket. Construction is excellent as well as the burn. Haven't found anything not to like."
La Aurora Principes,4 out of 5,smoother. Cigar,"Have them in my golf bag. Handy between holes.
Very comfortable on the course.
Helps relax my game."
La Aurora Principes,4 out of 5,Quite good,"Good quality cigars, even burn, the taste is overwhelming and some may find it annoying a bit but I am OK with this"
La Aurora Principes,3 out of 5,good flavor,good everyday smoke worth the money
La Aurora Principes,5 out of 5,good,very good
La Aurora Principes,4 out of 5,Great Smoke,Great smoke for the price.
La Aurora Principes,5 out of 5,Excelent,Excelent
La Aurora Principes,4 out of 5,My Favorites,Easily my favorite for the price. Good flavor and great price.
La Aurora Principes,5 out of 5,Very good cigars but out,Very good cigars but out of stock to often
La Aurora Untamed,4 out of 5,What you say Chuck?,"Box was tight not pressed wood, always a plus. Black color all the way no spotting. Full bodied cigar smooth smoke tasty in flavor, let it sit 2 months humi time. You will remember me...."
La Barba One & Only,5 out of 5,WHY did you stop selling this cigar!,Whyyyyy would you stop selling this? Best cigar in their lineup.
La Barba Purple,5 out of 5,this is a really good,this is a really good smoke!
La Barba Red,4 out of 5,Ought to try,Rolled so tight it is not an easy draw. Other than that has a nice opening and even nicer finish.
La Barba Red,4 out of 5,Excellent!!,Hey nice. Nice cinnamon and raisin flavor. Good draw and construction.
La Barba Red,5 out of 5,Awesome need i say more,Awesome just awesome
La Barba Red,5 out of 5,Worth checking out,"This actually came in a cigar of the month club pack. First taste of the wrapper was odd. The tobacco had a very odd flavor to it, not one I could really describe. The burn was consistent and the flavor profile well balanced. By the final third I was hooked. I'd include these as a regular option in my humidor."
La Barba Red,5 out of 5,Suggested to me by Cigar Sense,Turned out that this Caldwell La Barba Red was absolutely awesome. Just a great enjoyable smoke that burned perfectly.
La Barba Red,5 out of 5,awesome,great cigars if your a fan of corojo or caldwell this is a must try
La Barba Red,2 out of 5,Not for me...,Didn't want to finish it. Not packed heavy enough and too airy.
La Barba Red,5 out of 5,La barba,"Peppery ,, really a nice stick , I found out about it in either one my sampler packs or from monthly cigar club"
La Barba Ricochet,5 out of 5,hard to find gem,this is one of the tastiest cigars I ever smoked. fortunately I brought a box TO Europe as ALL the cigars I bought at casa del habano in prague did not draw. forget the Cubans and buy these. there are a solid medium plus with perfect construction. every one was great even with the breeze on the cruise ship.
La Barba Ricochet Cru Mexi-Sol,4 out of 5,"Small in size, but high in value and overall satisfaction.","Great construction, flavor was good, and the price is good. I enjoy the Petite Corona for times when I can't commit an hour or more. Great offering by La Barba."
La Barba Ricochet Cru Mexi-Sol,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,"These were a great medium level smoke. They all burned perfectly and were very enjoyable. Really smooth flavor, almost wouldn’t think they were medium level. I already have my order placed for more!"
La Coalicion by Crowned Heads & Drew Estate,5 out of 5,A very nice smoke,Very smooth to the end. Highly recommended. Med-full and burns very well.
La Diferencia Cubana,4 out of 5,good for backyard,"i use a punch, neat smoke, burn is good, if you smoke for long time it won't torpedo. good for daily!"
La Diferencia Cubana,5 out of 5,Great social cigar,Have been purchasing these on and off for a couple of years they are great to be passing out on the golf coarse my buddies always thank me for being so generous
La Diferencia Cubana,4 out of 5,Delicious Cigars,"good quality, nice and delicious cigars. thanks."
La Diferencia Cubana,4 out of 5,entry level cigar,The price is reasonable. entry level cigar.
La Diferencia Cubana,5 out of 5,Great day to day cigar,Great day to day cigar. I have been smoking these for five years. If you use a punch instead of a cutter the draw is much better.
La Diferencia Cubana,4 out of 5,Good value for every day cigar!,"Very nice, mild, every day smoke."
La Diferencia Cubana,3 out of 5,Just ok loose filler.,"Just ok. Flavor isn't bad more a loose filler cigar. CI has long filler cheapies that are better. But for the price they are an ok expendable cigar, that have reasonable construction for the price. They actually look pretty good if you keep that in mind, as well come in a nice box."
La Diferencia Cubana,4 out of 5,La Diferencia Cubans Toro,Great every day cigar
La Diferencia Cubana,4 out of 5,A not so bad smoke,Good cigar for the price
La Diferencia Cubana,5 out of 5,Great cigar for great price,Great cigar for the price. Smoke these for a late afternoon cigar to help me unwind. Definitely recommend these as they are smooth and flavorful. Have only had a couple bad ones out of the bunch that burned uneven. I have had real cubans and this is close to the profile of the ones I have had but not the same.
La Diferencia Cubana,1 out of 5,Foreign Matter!,"Foreign matter cigar. I found a piece of plastic almost the width of the cigar and almost the entire length of the cigar. There is no way someone can roll a cigar and not know it was there. On 2 separate occasions, I pulled a plastic string and a cotton string out of the cigar. I only knew it was there because it got stuck in my cutter. Beware."
La Diferencia Cubana,5 out of 5,great cigar,great cigars for every day smoke biggest problem is getting them always out of stock or backordered
La Diferencia Cubana,5 out of 5,Hey top quality cigar for the money.,Best for the money
La Diferencia Cubana,5 out of 5,As good as real Cuban Cigars,These are as good as Cuban Cigars.
La Diferencia Cubana,1 out of 5,Pass on this mistake.,"Bought these for a late night hit before bed; but this stick has fail written all over it. The wrapper is so thin, and the core of the stick so loose that it falls apart ! Unbelievably poor quality at any price. I've had lots of mixed filler smokes with better construction. I recommend passing on this mistake."
La Diferencia Cubana,5 out of 5,La Diferencia Cubana Robusta,A good smoke for a great price
La Diferencia Cubana,5 out of 5,better than the price!,Great 2fer cigar.
La Diferencia Cubana,5 out of 5,Great smoke at a great,Great smoke at a great price
La Diferencia Cubana,4 out of 5,great taste,Great Taste I just prefer Churchill
La Diferencia Cubana,3 out of 5,Good Everday Stick.,Good everyday smoke for the value. Some had to be re-lit more than a few times. Some has loose and some tight draws. Because I smoke about 2-4 cigars a day I like these budget sticks.
La Diferencia Cubana,3 out of 5,not all good,about 20% of the box were very hard to smoke
La Diferencia Cubana,5 out of 5,awesome,"smooth taste,awesome burn,awesome price !!"
La Diferencia Cubana,5 out of 5,Very good cigar for the,Very good cigar for the money.
La Diferencia Cubana,4 out of 5,LA DIFERENCIA CUBANA Churchill,Good cigar for the money. I like a mild cigar
La Diferencia Cubana,4 out of 5,Great Smoke,"Good even burn, great flavor. My everyday smoke"
La Diferencia Cubana,4 out of 5,Good cigar for the money,Good cigar for the money
La Diferencia Cubana,5 out of 5,Excellent cigars,"Exclent cigars, good draw, even draw
I highly recommend."
La Diferencia Cubana,4 out of 5,Tom,good smoke
La Diferencia Cubana,1 out of 5,Truly a difference,I have been looking for a good everyday cigar. La Diferencia was truly not one of them. The wrapper was thin and brittle; too many piece kept getting caught in mouth; worst of all you could not take a draw on most them; it was wrapped so tight; opened one and found out why...there was stems and large chunks of dried tobacco; the ones that were smokable were not too bad; unfortunately 12 out of 40 were ok; I will not be buying these again; what happened CI International?
La Diferencia Cubana,1 out of 5,Well there inexpensive...,"I bought the 2fer just to see if I would get lucky, I didn't, the Wrappers are paper thin and most of them have large veins, tears, cracks and even holes.
flavor wise the first half is good, and I see why they put the label 2-3 inches from the tip. If you are like me and just want an everyday smoke, this is not it.
Muy staple is R&J, but for the last year I have been buying La Pearla's and a couple of others... This is no substitution at all."
La Diferencia Cubana,4 out of 5,La Differentia Cubana,A good everyday smoke.
La Diferencia Cubana,4 out of 5,Great,The cigars are great. Mild and still fresh
La Diferencia Cubana,5 out of 5,LA DIFERENCIA,Best cheap cigar l ever smoked.
La Diferencia Cubana,5 out of 5,A very good smoke for,A very good smoke for the price.
La Diferencia Cubana,5 out of 5,"Reliable, enjoyable cigars","Always consistent. Good draw, good flavor profile, awesome everyday smoke. Never disappoints!!"
La Diferencia Cubana,3 out of 5,Eh!,"They are ok, nothing to brag about. Burn on the hot side, not so pleasant after taste."
La Diferencia Cubana,3 out of 5,Quality has gone down,The last two boxes I received were not the same quality of the first six boxes. Large chunks of tobacco and very uneven burning. It's still a value but not as good as it was. Disappointed. JF
La Diferencia Cubana,5 out of 5,Exelent,Exelent
La Diferencia Cubana,4 out of 5,Happy customer,"Great taste, love the aroma"
La Diferencia Cubana,5 out of 5,Like,This are now my everyday cigar
La Diferencia Cubana,5 out of 5,Great value! The cigars are,Great value! The cigars are a very good daily go to cigar.
La Diferencia Cubana,5 out of 5,Excellent flavor and smooth,Excellent flavor and smooth
La Diferencia Cubana,5 out of 5,La Diferencia Cubana evaluation,"Generally a good smoke and price, however, too many cigars having hard draw."
La Diferencia Cubana,5 out of 5,Comments,They are a mild cigar. Very strining. You get a lot of tobacco in your mouth.
La Diferencia Cubana,1 out of 5,Bad burn and draw.,"Had one last night from the Po Boy sampler.. Flavor was ok, but had a terrible burn and a terrible draw to it.. wrapper wasn't great either."
La Diferencia Cubana,5 out of 5,Very good smoke!!!,Excellent smoke! Smooth draw. Complex!
La Diferencia Cubana,4 out of 5,Go to cigar,La Diferencia Cubana cigars are a great go to cigar. They burn even and taste pleasant. the only issue can be the tip where you can end up spitting out some tobacco. Other than that It's a go to cigar.
La Diferencia Cubana,2 out of 5,Very poor & brittle wrap,Very poor & brittle wrap brand tobacco leaf
La Diferencia Cubana,5 out of 5,Viva La Diferencia!!,"This stick is a mild, smooth smoke and has become my everyday puff. I'm looking forward to sitting in the garden with a glass of Shiraz and my L.D."
La Diferencia Cubana,5 out of 5,Cubana Churchill,Very good price and a pretty good cigar with minor burning problems.
La Duena,5 out of 5,Enjoyable.,Enjoyable.
La Duena,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
La Duena,4 out of 5,My wife's new favorites!,"I received a La Duena robusto in a My Father sample pack and lit it up for my wife, who enjoys herself a fine cigar while we relax on our outdoor patio. After smelling the pleasant aroma, I asks for a puff or two, and wow what a flavorful little cigar. It has a simple red band with a white Cameo, and we now just refer to them as Cameos rather than La Duenas. It has become one of my wife's favorites, along with the My Father Connecticut robustos. As my wife says, ""...it's dark enough for a man, but made for a woman."" 'Bout sums it up!"
La Duena,5 out of 5,o_sofresh,Cigars came in excellent condition and the price was perfect
La Duena,5 out of 5,No reason for a bad review here,"I just smoked one of these. I cannot believe the less than stellar reviews. I got mine in the Don Pepin Sampler pack. Yes the draw was a little tight at first and I was concerned, but I always cut the cigar and put it in my mouth for about 10-15 minutes before lighting. By the time I lit it, the draw was perfect. The flavor was strong and pronounced, but excellent."
La Duena,5 out of 5,She's good,"This is a top notch full bore smoke, great for a drink night stogie. A bit strong, but always pleasantly flavored as an evening gar. Get you some."
La Duena,2 out of 5,"La Duena, no buena.","Not sure what to make of this cigar. Tight draw and rather harsh. Someone mentioned these are awful right off the truck. I have a couple more that I am in no hurry to smoke, so I guess I'll see if these improve with time."
La Estrella Cubana Connecticut,5 out of 5,"Great cigar, smooth and it","Great cigar, smooth and it last a good hour and a half."
La Estrella Cubana Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good every day cigar,"Mellow, even burn and good taste."
La Estrella Cubana Connecticut,4 out of 5,Nice after dinner smoke,A good cigar for those winter after dinner smoke. On the mild side with good after taste.
La Estrella Cubana Connecticut,5 out of 5,Good Value,"IN my opinion, a step up from most inexpensive smokes. Appear to be well made with a good draw. I think this is my third box."
La Estrella Cubana Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great smoke for the price.,Great smoke for the golf course. Well constructed and always a good burn. Great value smoke.
La Estrella Cubana Connecticut,3 out of 5,the cigars are not as,the cigars are not as smooth as you claimed
La Estrella Cubana Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great smoke for the Money,I stumbled across these a few years ago. They are a great everyday Cigar.
La Estrella Cubana Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great Value,Mild cigar with good flavor.
La Estrella Cubana Connecticut,5 out of 5,Best Connecticut at any price,I’ve tried sticks at three times the price but don’t compare with la Estrella in any size.
La Estrella Cubana Connecticut,4 out of 5,Fine mild cigar for the,Fine mild cigar for the price.
La Estrella Cubana Connecticut,5 out of 5,"Good price good construction, mild","Good price good construction, mild and flavorful."
La Estrella Cubana Connecticut,1 out of 5,So Bad,"Dried. So Bad. Bitter.
Not worth it at all"
La Estrella Cubana Connecticut,5 out of 5,Sweet nutty goodness!,90 Rated!
La Estrella Cubana Connecticut,5 out of 5,90 Rated!,"Appearance -- 7
Draw --10
Distinctive -- 10
Flavor -- 10
Construction -- 10
Burn/ash -- 7
Consistency -- 7
Value -- 10
Complexity -- 9
Overall -- 10
90 Rated -- MEDIUM to FULL BODIED
Very surprised! This is a smooth cigar but fuller in body than it appears. Connecticut wrapper is deceiving.
Pre light draw is a strong blast of sweet molasses covered nuts hazelnut nutmeg creamy tobacco. Torward the end of the 1st 3rd more sweet nuts, oak, cream and earth creep in that hang on through the 2nd 3rd. Final 3rd the sweet nuts, hazelnut and cream.This cigar comes starts as a medium and finishes as a medium to full. This reminds me of a Quorum meets Sancho Panza Extra Fuerte.
If you don't like nuts stay away. This is an very, very nutty and sweet cigar. For the price point HIGHLY RECOMMENDED."
La Estrella Cubana Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great Value,Great mild everyday cigar with a good draw
La Estrella Cubana Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great Value,"Good draw, mild with slow burn. Great everyday cigar"
La Estrella Cubana Connecticut,5 out of 5,AHHHHH,"AHHHHHH
My favorite cigar so far....smooth, comfortable, long lasting,"
La Estrella Cubana Connecticut,5 out of 5,Really good,Really good
La Estrella Cubana Habano,5 out of 5,great taste,first time with the robusto wonderful taste just learning to enjoy cigars am looking forward to new tastes
La Estrella Cubana Habano,5 out of 5,Phenomenal,Phenomenal everyday reliable stick! I have turned all my friends onto them and everyone agrees!
La Estrella Cubana Habano,3 out of 5,LEC Habano,"Smoked one after 2 weeks in the humidor still a bit dry. Good construction, hint of coffee, burns well. Still, as big fan of the LEC Oscuro expecting more with time."
La Estrella Cubana Habano,5 out of 5,Estelli,"Very good cigar mild in flavor , not to strong I would say mild cigar. An good cigar on the golf course."
La Estrella Cubana Habano,4 out of 5,Good EDC,Good $$$ for an Every Day Cigar that won’t bust the budget and tastes good.
La Estrella Cubana Habano,4 out of 5,Good cigar. A more spicy,Good cigar. A more spicy than the first ones i purchased but still a good smoke.
La Estrella Cubana Habano,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Very well made excellent flavor. A real sleeper at this price
La Estrella Cubana Habano,5 out of 5,Golf corse cigar,Love them and for the quality the price is great.
La Estrella Cubana Habano,5 out of 5,outstanding cigar,outstanding cigar
La Estrella Cubana Habano,5 out of 5,La Estrella Cubana Cigars,A very nice mild Cigar with excellant flavor at a very reasonable price. Excellant finish.
La Estrella Cubana Habano,2 out of 5,No review,Due to a hurricane these were in route for almost a month. They are harsh don't burn evenly and will probably require a lot of time in the humidor before this changes.
La Estrella Cubana Habano,5 out of 5,Great product,These cigars are one of my favorite cigars i would deffently purchase them again.
La Estrella Cubana Habano,3 out of 5,Estrella,Creamy smoke. Not as firmly rolled as I would have liked
La Estrella Cubana Habano,3 out of 5,Estrella,Yes it a creamy smoke. But the cigar ring is only on the top layer. Indicacating two rollers ? The cigar rolling is firm on the top layer but looser on the bottom layer.
La Estrella Cubana Habano,5 out of 5,CAN'T BEAT THE PRICE,GREAT CIGAR FOR THE PRICE ....
La Flor Dominicana 1994,5 out of 5,Great smoke start to finish,Great smoke start to finish. I was intimidated at first as it’s a huge cigar. But was pleasantly surprised with is overall taste. Sweet and full flavor. Easy draw.
La Flor Dominicana 1994,5 out of 5,One of the best cigars,"One of the best cigars you can buy. ""at the right price"". full flavored, great for golfing."
La Flor Dominicana 1994,5 out of 5,Good cigar,Medium / full relaxing smoke
La Flor Dominicana 1994,4 out of 5,Surprisingly extremely good 👍🏿,I was very surprised by the cigar traditionally have not been a big fan of this company. But I will tell you this they've hit the ball out of the park with this one Very well-made very well constructed. The burn was great the ash was great however my buddy did have a tighter rolled cigars I've seen this and other reviews and apparently may hold true for some of these The taste was actually wonderful deep cherry sweetness of a chocolate little earth he just been extremely pleasant cigar from start to finish. I think we'll see this a top rated cigar by the end of the year
La Flor Dominicana Air Bender,5 out of 5,Enjoyment,A fitting smoke for a relaxing evening - a smoke that’s smooth with a subtle kick for your enjoyment
La Flor Dominicana Air Bender,5 out of 5,A privilege to smoke!!!,This is an enjoyable smoke with a smooth kick. Once you smoke the Guerrero you’ll never be without them in your humidor. Get them when you can because they sell out fast.
La Flor Dominicana Air Bender,3 out of 5,Not what I remember,These were not the cigars that I remember. I am more and more a fan of the heavier smokers and I remember this one being a powerful little cigar. However is was just OK in my mind
La Flor Dominicana Air Bender,1 out of 5,Worth a buck,"They certainly named this one appropriately. A smoke that you keep looking for some kind of taste,but there is none all the way through,nothing like the LFD Double Ligero which is a great smoke with flavor."
La Flor Dominicana Air Bender,5 out of 5,An excellent full bodied cigar.,A robust and flavorable smoke. Well constructed and good draw throughout.
La Flor Dominicana Air Bender,5 out of 5,Awesome Cogar would not expect,Awesome Cogar would not expect anything less
La Flor Dominicana Air Bender,4 out of 5,Another winner,"Great cigar, well constructed."
La Flor Dominicana Air Bender,5 out of 5,Strong cigar,"Amazing cigar, not for casual smokers, this is a full bodied full flavor and tons of nicotine.
Make sure you eat a big meal first.....it's a strong cigar.
Defiantly a favorite."
La Flor Dominicana Air Bender,5 out of 5,Excellent condition. Thanks!,Excellent condition. Thanks!
La Flor Dominicana Air Bender,5 out of 5,Excellent condition! Thank you!,Excellent condition! Thank you!
La Flor Dominicana Andalusian Bull,5 out of 5,Andalusian Bull - #1 Cigar of 2016,"By far the best cigar I have ever smoked. The first third of the cigar is a cedar/woodsy flavor that I have never found before. It is a slow, even burn, lasts over 1 hour, and yields an earthy, leathery peppery flavor for the last 2/3rds of the cigar. Beautiful to look at, quality is meticulous, and I can’t think of another cigar more deserving of a #1 ranking for 2016."
La Flor Dominicana Andalusian Bull,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Great smoke. One of my favorites.
La Flor Dominicana Andalusian Bull,5 out of 5,TRULY OUTSTANDING SMOKE,"I was offered the Andalusian Bull yesterday at the Tinder Box. It was one of the most enjoyable smokes I have ever had. It has a smooth easy draw, burns evenly with a mild flavor reminiscent of a Connecticut blend but slightly more rich. The intense wrapper color led me to believe it might be too harsh and robusto, but I was pleasantly surprised by the deep mellow character of this stick. It lasted quite a while as well. I look forward to acquiring these cigars as soon as they become available."
La Flor Dominicana Andalusian Bull,5 out of 5,A perfect smoke,"Phenomenal smoke. Complex profile. Full, rich and just plain tasty. Does not disappoint."
La Flor Dominicana Andalusian Bull,5 out of 5,Sensational!,"Great cigar, slow burn, no after taste. Completely satisfied will choose this cigar 10 out of 10 times!!!"
La Flor Dominicana Andalusian Bull,5 out of 5,I love this cigar,"Love this cigar ... beautiful favors and notes throughout the entire smoke...burns even and true. Quality and attention to detail is top-notch. Litto and Ines Gomez really out did themselves.
Truly in my opinion deserving of the #1 designation by Cigar Aficionado 2016
Only complaint is that they are really hard to acquire let alone smoke..but if you are lucky to get a few ...it is a treat you will savor."
La Flor Dominicana Andalusian Bull,5 out of 5,Nice Full Cigar,Best stick i've had in a long time....This certainly lives up to the HYPE!.
La Flor Dominicana Andalusian Bull,5 out of 5,One of my favorites,Got this to celebrate a friends birthday. Was one of my favorites ever. Don't let the full rating scare you away. It was very smooth for an occasional smoker like myself
La Flor Dominicana Andalusian Bull,1 out of 5,Awful,"i tried one - it was awful. Only one side would stay lit, creating a trench down that side."
La Flor Dominicana Andalusian Bull,4 out of 5,Good but not Full Body or strong,"I smoked this cigar just last Saturday. I think it is misrepresented as a full body cigar, because it is actually more of a light to medium. But it smokes so well and it takes a long time to smoke that it goes well with social drinking and if you're not in a rush. Not typical and strong like most LFD."
La Flor Dominicana Andalusian Bull,5 out of 5,Awesome Smoke!!,The day Cigar aficionados announced that this was the #1 cigar of the year. I rushed to my local cigar shop. They had 3 left I bought all 3 needless to say. Appearance a reddish brown wrapper. Presentation is always s must for me. When I first lit the cigar the aroma draws you in. Taste of the cigar a little. Sweetness with a spice at the end. Smooth draw burned even. It cracked my top 5 cigars off this one smoke. Should've reviewed more the 96 points. I enjoyed this more then the My Father 1922 which received 97 points definetily a must buy.
La Flor Dominicana Andalusian Bull,5 out of 5,Ya Gotta Try It,I tried one of these after one of the members of our smoking group in Baltimore told us it was rated the #1 cigar of 2016. CA was absolutely right. Exceptional stick.
La Flor Dominicana Cameroon Cabinet,5 out of 5,"The best cigar,wow! I’m in","The best cigar,wow! I’m in love"
La Flor Dominicana Chapter One,5 out of 5,Great Taste and consistent.,One of the best sticks. Great taste all the way thru. Although it has a more full body taste I love them (normally I am a mild cigar guy) it is great for those who enjoy a more mild vigar.
La Flor Dominicana Chapter One,5 out of 5,Great Dominican stick,"One of my favorite Dominican blend cigars. Full of flavor and body, but not a kicker in strength. These sticks last me almost 2 hours. Leather and earth definitely, but I also taste smoked apple in this blend. And the smoke stays cool and mellow all the way to the nub."
La Flor Dominicana Chapter One,5 out of 5,Phenomenal smoke,"Absolutely phenomenal in every facet. Very smooth and flavorful down to the nub. Tons of rich, meaty smoke. My go-to smoke after la nox. Another gem from LFD."
La Flor Dominicana Coronado,4 out of 5,It’s an LFD,LFD’s are an excellent cigar. The Coronado Toro is not my favorite LFD but it is a reasonably good cigar when all your favorite LFD’s are on backorder.
La Flor Dominicana Double Claro,5 out of 5,mild,a mild and peppery flavor
La Flor Dominicana Double Claro,3 out of 5,LFD,Good smoke but not the great one I expected
La Flor Dominicana Double Claro,3 out of 5,La Flor Dominicana double claro,"I normally adore these LFD DBL CLAROs, but the small ring size's flavor is inferior (IMO), to the larger ring. They were not available so I tried these instead, much to my dismay."
La Flor Dominicana Double Claro,5 out of 5,Green Gold,Probably the best Candela I have had. Up there with Rocky Patel. 88 is not bad either.
La Flor Dominicana Double Claro,5 out of 5,Great tasting cigar,"Excellent cigars, good flavor"
La Flor Dominicana Double Claro,4 out of 5,Double Claro,"The candela wrapper is a beautiful green color.
The wrapper is truly doubled as you can see when you run a 'V' cut through the cap. I consider this a medium strength cigar with more flavor than an Arturo Fuente 8-5-8. It's a sippin' cigar."
La Flor Dominicana Double Claro,5 out of 5,La Flor Double Claro - Keep making these good,"Excellent cigars, good flavor and even better after taste. Good consistency all but three of 25 burned with even solid ash. Med-strong starting about 50% burn - don't let the gentle green wrapper fool you, these are La Flors yum!"
La Flor Dominicana Double Claro,5 out of 5,Worth every penny!,This is without a doubt one of the best cigars I have ever smoked. It is light on the front with a creamy finish. This was my everyday all day smoke for a long time.
La Flor Dominicana Double Ligero,5 out of 5,The best,Fantastic full flavored cigar. Perfect even burn. Grabbed the maduro as well!
La Flor Dominicana Double Ligero,5 out of 5,Great stick.,Great flavor if you like full flavor.
La Flor Dominicana Double Ligero,5 out of 5,Masterpiece,"Some cigars are just on another level than the rest and this is one of them. The complexity of this cigar is unreal. How LFD can get such a wide range of flavor from sweet to spicy to toasty to leathery is beyond me, but LFD does it. The flavors aren't subtle either, they are 100% a smack to the taste buds. Full bodied and full strength. Excellence is to be recognized and this is excellence."
La Flor Dominicana Double Ligero,5 out of 5,Want to know why these are backordered?,"These are backordered for a reason. What an incredible cigar. Smooth, great draw, and the flavor will leave you wanting more every time. This is my new number one, maybe number two to the Liga T52."
La Flor Dominicana Double Ligero,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Love the cigars. Will buy again.
La Flor Dominicana Double Ligero,5 out of 5,Great Smoke!,Great Smoke! Don't waste you $$$ on other garbage.
La Flor Dominicana Double Ligero,5 out of 5,Great cigar with flavor. Nice,Great cigar with flavor. Nice hit.
La Flor Dominicana Double Ligero,5 out of 5,These LFD cigars were recommeded,These LFD cigars were recommeded by a friend. A really nice smoke and aroma. Great for a quick 30 minute smoke.
La Flor Dominicana Double Ligero,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
La Flor Dominicana Double Ligero,5 out of 5,La Flor Dominicana Double Ligero,"I hate to give a good review because then I either can't find them or the manufacturer mass produces them and the quality goes down. Having said that, here goes:
They're better than REAL CUBANS!
'Nuff said. Hopefully no one will read this review."
La Flor Dominicana Double Ligero,5 out of 5,LFD has done it again.,"The lancero. One of the best sizes for full body cigar like this LFD. Smooth, even burn with a great woodsy taste. As it burns further down, coffee and spice enter the palette. If you are one who holds their cigar in their mouth, then you get a sweet taste on the lips. The Double Ligero never over-powers or dull. Possibly the best lancero I’ve ever had."
La Flor Dominicana Double Ligero,5 out of 5,Great Smoke and Size,This is a great smoke and the size is perfect for those times when you don’t have a lot of time to enjoy a larger stick.
La Flor Dominicana Double Ligero,5 out of 5,Nice,"To cut to the chase,well built and tasty.this brand never disapoints."
La Flor Dominicana Double Ligero,5 out of 5,Great cigar oll LFD,It’s especial moment between the cigr n me 👍
La Flor Dominicana Double Ligero,5 out of 5,Good Smoke,Perfect When you don’t have much Time . Are just want A nice smaller Cigar
La Flor Dominicana Double Ligero,5 out of 5,LFD double Ligero chisel,I can see why LFD cigars are still back ordered. They are an excellent cigar. I can’t wait for them to be back in stock.
La Flor Dominicana Double Ligero,5 out of 5,"Excellent cigar, is now one","Excellent cigar, is now one of my favorites!"
La Flor Dominicana Double Ligero,5 out of 5,Excellent,"Cigars arrived promptly and needed no attention before smoking, that is humidified properly."
La Flor Dominicana Double Ligero,5 out of 5,They are great gigars which,They are great gigars which I have been smoking for years.
La Flor Dominicana Double Ligero,5 out of 5,Amazing,One of my favorite smokes
La Flor Dominicana Double Ligero,5 out of 5,Fantastic stick. I have 3 humidors and w to 3 times more of these than anything,I came across this cigar from a fried at my local b&m. I saw him smoking one and liked the oily look and good construction. I was new to cigars and picking out all the suptel flavors but I knew what I liked but could not tell you why. I've been smoking for a long time now and cant pick out a lot of flavor profiles but a know when I smoke a cigar if I like it or not. Back to the story I ask the man what he was smoking so I went and got one and even though I've smoked 1000a of cigars this is by far my favorite. If you like a full body flavor you can never go wrong here.
La Flor Dominicana Double Ligero,5 out of 5,Fantastic stick. I have 3 humidors and w to 3 times more of these than anything,I came across this cigar from a fried at my local b&m. I saw him smoking one and liked the oily look and good construction. I was new to cigars and picking out all the suptel flavors but I knew what I liked but could not tell you why. I've been smoking for a long time now and cant pick out a lot of flavor profiles but a know when I smoke a cigar if I like it or not. Back to the story I ask the man what he was smoking so I went and got one and even though I've smoked 1000a of cigars this is by far my favorite. If you like a full body flavor you can never go wrong here.
La Flor Dominicana Double Ligero,5 out of 5,Always Look Forward To It,"It's my ""go-to"" cigar for pure smoking pleasure. A delightful flavor, full bodied smoke, proper draw - haven't found one I like better."
La Flor Dominicana Double Ligero,5 out of 5,Enjoyed,"I like this size, nice smoke"
La Flor Dominicana Double Ligero Maduro,5 out of 5,Perfect,"The wedge was all that was left in stock, thought they would be too small for my liking... not the case! Perfect after dinner smoke."
La Flor Dominicana Double Ligero Maduro,5 out of 5,Does not disappoint.,La Flor Dominicana does not disappoint. This Double Ligero is rich & full flavored.
La Flor Dominicana Double Ligero Maduro,5 out of 5,Big Fan! of this brand.,La Flor Dominicana makes some great cigars this is one of them.
La Flor Dominicana Double Ligero Maduro,5 out of 5,Consistently Excellent,"If you like a stronger cigar, then this guy is for you. I’ve smoked 100’s of these and they never disappoint. When you catch them on on sale it’s a race to the shopping cart!!!!"
La Flor Dominicana La Nox,4 out of 5,Impressive Offering,"Surprisingly awesome. I did not know that I would get an expression of a full bodied regular sized maduro in a petite sized offering. A quarter of the way in it just opened up and held ash firm with a very smooth padron like experience. Petite version lasted about an hour. Have an untouched ""regular sized"" version my normal humidor that was given at a local Ruth Chris steak, whiskey and cigar night. Saw the label and decided to give a try. I won't touch the full sized version absent having a good meal first, as it felt potent to me. Will repurchase many when supply is back on-line. Definitely a keeper."
La Flor Dominicana La Nox,5 out of 5,Smooth and Bold,"This is going to have to be one of my new all time favorites. Some of the smoothest, bold flavors I’ve ever tasted.
So now, as I’m sitting on the deck having the last of my morning coffee, I’ll just finish up the last of this great stick."
La Flor Dominicana La Nox,5 out of 5,La nok,My favorite cigar very smooth goes great around a campfire
La Flor Dominicana La Nox,5 out of 5,awesome stick,"This stick is my all time favorite. It's dark oily wrapper adds a unique beauty to this smooth creamy smoke. It has hints of cocoa, coffee, hints of spiciness at the first third then goes away. It leaves no after taste and finishes really clean. This stick is well worth the price."
La Flor Dominicana La Nox,5 out of 5,phenomenal smoke,the bull is great but i think the La Nox should have been rated the best of 2016 a fantastic smoke
La Flor Dominicana La Nox,5 out of 5,La Flor Dominicana La Nox,"I recently walked into a new cigar store… and picked up a La Flor Dominicana La Nox. Honestly, I had never heard of it before and thought I’d give it a try. I usually buy from CI, and was happy to see you guys carried this nice dark smooth smoke. It’s not too veiny, has a nice draw and burns evenly. Overall, I am very pleased with this cigar. If you’re a fan of a smooth maduro smoke like I am, you have to give this a try."
La Flor Dominicana La Volcada,5 out of 5,Great Smoke.,I am smoking one right now and it is delicious. My palate is not educated enough to be able to describe a hint of this or that but I can say that this is a very enjoyable smoke. Well worth the cost. You cannot go wrong with Litto.
La Flor Dominicana Ligero,5 out of 5,I have been smoking La,"I have been smoking La Flor for years, never disappoints, great smoke."
La Flor Dominicana Ligero,5 out of 5,la flor,Outstanding Smoke. Smooth nice pull.
La Flor Dominicana Ligero,5 out of 5,outstanding one of the best.ALLla,outstanding one of the best.ALLla flor dominicana
La Flor Dominicana Ligero,4 out of 5,"I enjoy the Ligero, especially i liked its ring size. Great smoke.",Very smooth smoke.
La Flor Dominicana Ligero,5 out of 5,Great Stick,The L400 is a medium to full bodied cigar packed with great taste and excellent burn.
La Flor Dominicana Ligero,5 out of 5,Stogieman,Outstanding stick. Used to get them in 20 count boxes. But it is what it is. Outstanding smoke. Can’t go wrong with them.
La Flor Dominicana Ligero,5 out of 5,One of the best!,"The L-500 cigar is one of the best cigars I have ever smoked! It even beats out many Cubans that I have tried over the years. If you want to try one of the best, you have to try this cigar!"
La Flor Dominicana Ligero,5 out of 5,La flor Dominicans ligers L500,"THIS TASTE IS INCREDIBLE , IT IS RICH IN TASTE NICE , BODY GOOD RICH IN FLAVOR GREAT AROMA . BURNS NICE KNOW AFTER TASTE . BURNS ALMOST TO THE END WITHOUT ANY FLARE UPS THE AROMA IS NOT OFFENSE OF TO ANY ONE AROUND . SIGN LJ"
La Flor Dominicana Ligero,5 out of 5,LFD lishious,"These came in and I smoked one the next day. Flawless burn wonderful fragrant smoke billows out in a thick cloud. The flavor profile is amazing with leather, nutmeg, oak, and black cherries with just a tinge of mild white pepper topped off with a subtle sweetness on the finish. I highly recommend these medium at the start but developed towards a fuller bodied smoke. Never harsh never over powering just a beautifully constructed and balanced cigar"
La Flor Dominicana Ligero,5 out of 5,La flor dominicana,La flor is one of the best very good flaver
La Flor Dominicana Ligero Cabinet,5 out of 5,Outstanding!,Love them! Different taste from what I'm used to but great flavor.
La Flor Dominicana Ligero Cabinet,5 out of 5,My favorite Dominican,Spice overlaid with rich chocolate and a leather finish
La Flor Dominicana Ligero Cabinet,5 out of 5,Size does not matter!,"La Glor Cabinet selection corona is full body, flavorful w/a kick! I love this small cigar, little filler, more wrapper, amazing! I will always buy it! I do anyway!"
La Flor Dominicana Ligero Cabinet,5 out of 5,Needs some work,"everything was good, but the wrapper leaf unraveled early. IN some cases I was smoking with the binder."
La Flor Dominicana Ligero Cabinet,5 out of 5,"BUY, BUY, BUY","EVERY LFD is a winner. I stumbled on these by recommendation by an aficionado at a local cigar store. I smoked one and found myself pulling out the wrapper the next day to see what it was. I knew I had to have more. I looked up LFD online and read all about these great smokes. I gave one to my sons (three) and we had a great afternoon smoking these together. I dared them to tell me they had a better cigar. They agreed. Great smoke. Excellent burn. BTW: I love maduros. If you don't like full flavor, you may not like these."
La Flor Dominicana Ligero Cabinet,5 out of 5,LFD REVIEW,"LFD has become one of my favorite cigars. I enjoy the full body flavor that it gives as you enjoy each inch of the cigar. As you enjoy it, you can start tasting the pepper and richness of the cigar"
La Flor Dominicana Ligero Cabinet,5 out of 5,In love-,These are my go to cigars- rarely light anything else.
La Flor Dominicana Ligero Cabinet,5 out of 5,This cigar completely outclassed it’s price.,This is now my favorite cigar. I’ve smoked cigars three times the price that don’t hold this one a light. Smoothie as silk and strawberry ng this is one u can’t go wrong with. They will be in my humidor from now on!
La Flor Dominicana Ligero Cabinet,5 out of 5,Great Smoke!,La Flor Dominicana has always produced fine cigars. I have yet to be disappointed by any of their products. The Ligero Cabinet L-500 is one of the best ever. Great bold taste with lots of smoke. Truly enjoyable. I recommend it without reservation.
La Flor Dominicana Ligero Cabinet,5 out of 5,La Flor dominicana,"I love this cigar, I wish I can find it cheaper, but it is amazing!"
La Flor Dominicana Reserva Especial,5 out of 5,Smooth,Got one of these for a gift last Christmas. Fell in love with it. Just bought my first box. These are sooo smooth. I wish they didn’t cost so much.
La Flor Dominicana Reserva Especial,5 out of 5,A must try,"My go to Cigar, full of flavor, yet not overpowering as some LFDs can be. A must try"
La Flor Dominicana Reserva Especial,5 out of 5,"If your a Cigar Smoker, you must have a few of these in your humidor!","Outstanding smoke, this is my ""go to"" Cigar. Full of flavor but not overbearing, easy draw and tons of smoke, just an overall great cigar to sit down and relax with your favorite adult beverage of choice."
La Flor Dominicana Reserva Especial,5 out of 5,Great Medium Strength LFD,"A great smoke, medium body from LaFlor with their typical great construction!"
La Flor Dominicana Suave,4 out of 5,La Flor,Enjoyable smoke. Smooth
La Flor Dominicana Suave,5 out of 5,Great cigars...,packaged in wonderful individual tubes!
La Flor Dominicana Suave,5 out of 5,Great mild cigar,"Very smooth, great taste, good draw, has an even burn."
La Flor Dominicana Suave,5 out of 5,[email protected],[email protected]
La Flor Dominicana Suave,5 out of 5,best of the best,best smoke at any price. most underrated smoke in history
La Galera 1936 Box Pressed,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
La Galera Connecticut,4 out of 5,Mellow smoke,"If you're looking for a very mellow but flavorful smoke, this is a good choice."
La Galera Habano,5 out of 5,An exceptional cigar!,I too tried these cigars on a whim without knowing anything about them. I was absolutely shocked at how wonderful the flavor profile and construction was! These are a staple in my humidor now.
La Galera Habano,5 out of 5,An unknown surprise,"A very surprising cigar - knew nothing about them before I tried one and was amazed,. Great flavor great construction and draw - It prompted me to buy a box the next day"
La Galera Habano,4 out of 5,I enjoyed this smoke. The,"I enjoyed this smoke. The flavor was better than average and this is a full cigar. The only issue was an inconsistent burn, but only on a few cigars. I will buy more and would recommend you try this brand."
La Galera Habano,5 out of 5,High-Class Cigar at Working Class Price,"This is just a really nice, luxurious cigar. They're well made and attractive, with nice packaging. I prefer the traditional Cuban churchill, corona and lancero sizes, but the robustos are great, too. I find the cigar has a flavor that almost reminds me of a butterfinger bar. Pretty full-bodied for a Dominican cigar. A lot of the cigars Tabacalera Oalma produces for other companies are quite expensive, so this cigar is a way to get top shelf quality at mid-shelf prices."
La Gloria Cubana,5 out of 5,They are a very smooth,They are a very smooth smoke. Small but the right size for a quick enjoyable break.
La Gloria Cubana,5 out of 5,La Gloria Cubana Corona Gorda,I like these cigars. They have been my favorite cigar for a number of years.
La Gloria Cubana,5 out of 5,Perfect quick smoke,These are a great smoke if you don't have time to commit. They don't take up space in the humidor and they're awfully tasty. Will keep these around for a while.
La Gloria Cubana,5 out of 5,Best box in a while,Best box in a while
La Gloria Cubana,5 out of 5,Loved them,Loved them
La Gloria Cubana,5 out of 5,Great cigar at a great value,"This is a great cigar if you like Maduros. It’s a Goldilocks size, a great value, and I never have one with a bad pull."
La Gloria Cubana,4 out of 5,Tasty and tons of smoke,"Long, even burn, slight sweetness on finish. My go to cigar."
La Gloria Cubana,5 out of 5,This cigar was great and,This cigar was great and very close to a Cuban
La Gloria Cubana,5 out of 5,Gloria Petites,The best small cigars on the web.
La Gloria Cubana,5 out of 5,Fantastic Smoke,This has quickly become my favorite Torpedo. Very consistent smooth smoke.
La Gloria Cubana,5 out of 5,BEST FOR $$$,The wavell natural is my go to cigar. Its by far the best deal for the money. Obviously “the best” is subjective but there is my opinion.
La Gloria Cubana,5 out of 5,"Wonderful smoke , great price","Wonderful smoke , great price !"
La Gloria Cubana,5 out of 5,Satisfied,Thoroughly enjoyed the first one.
La Gloria Cubana,5 out of 5,Best two hour cigar,"Deep Maduro flavor, aromatic, rich profile, balanced notes of licorice, very aromatic and has a good ash. Pairs well with gin and tonic."
La Gloria Cubana,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,Loved these. Great smoke.
La Gloria Cubana,5 out of 5,Great deal on a great,Great deal on a great smoke
La Gloria Cubana,4 out of 5,Good Smoke but keep a lighter handy,Had a hard time keeping this cigar lit. Other than that what I always expect from Gloria Cubana.
La Gloria Cubana,5 out of 5,One of my favorites,One of my favorites
La Gloria Cubana,4 out of 5,Goooood,Goooood
La Gloria Cubana,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,Excellent smoke
La Gloria Cubana,5 out of 5,La gloria....say no more,Full flavor minis. Rich and delightful.
La Gloria Cubana,5 out of 5,GB Corona Gorda,Has been my go to cigar for over a decade. I have scores of empty boxes as proof.
La Gloria Cubana,5 out of 5,"Good in the past, good at the present.","I bought from Cigars International a box of Churchill 7 x 50, the ones with the Ecuadorian wrapper. I'm 62 years old and been smoking cigars since very young, I'm a heavy smoker. These Churchills got a perfect draw, a perfect burn and a delicious balance full flavor taste. I loved these cigars in the past, I love these cigars at the present. These are wonderful tobacco, roll in a masterful dexterity that delivers a very enjoyable smoke."
La Gloria Cubana,5 out of 5,Well Kept Secret,"I really enjoy these. Very smooth, great construction, great draw. Now one of my favorites!"
La Gloria Cubana,5 out of 5,best product for price I,best product for price I got!!!
La Gloria Cubana,5 out of 5,nice cigar,nice cigar
La Gloria Cubana,3 out of 5,Mini,Middle of the road. Many are better in the mini class
La Gloria Cubana,5 out of 5,Top quality,Awesome cigars! Old fashioned tradition tasty cigar!
La Gloria Cubana,5 out of 5,La Gloria Cubana petit,"This is my daily smoke. For me,I get the whole cigar experience from this small cigar. It has the flavor it has the great medium body smoke, On average this cigar last me about 40min,"
La Gloria Cubana,5 out of 5,Great cigar for any occasion,Great cigar for any occasion
La Gloria Cubana,4 out of 5,A couple were hard draw,A couple were hard draw
La Gloria Cubana,5 out of 5,Great Cigar but getting pricey.,Great Cigar but getting pricey.
La Gloria Cubana,5 out of 5,Best Cigar there is!,My idea of a very good Cigar.
La Gloria Cubana,5 out of 5,awesome cigar!,awesome cigar!
La Gloria Cubana,4 out of 5,perfect size for after dinner,"Nice balance of flavors, strength, and aroma. Nothing but creamy wood notes and rich tobacco goodness."
La Gloria Cubana,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Really enjoy the flavor and aroma of these. Very smooth and goes good with my favorite adult beverage.
La Gloria Cubana,5 out of 5,La Gloria Cubana Glorias En Cedro,"Good value, Consistent quality. Never disappoints"
La Gloria Cubana,5 out of 5,Always smooth,La Gloria Never lets me down
La Gloria Cubana,3 out of 5,Ok,Ok
La Gloria Cubana,5 out of 5,Longtime fav!!,"LGC Wavel has been a top contender in my humador for over 20 years. Tried my 1st Wavel in Dubois, Wyoming as an after-dinner short in the town’s finest restaurant. It was excellent! Been a go-to short ever since! I have a few other favorites... but your 1st love is always in your heart."
La Gloria Cubana,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar,Consistent quality. Never disappoints
La Gloria Cubana,4 out of 5,Mild and Spicy,"The first 2/3rds were wonderfully balanced. Notes of leather and bark with a bit of pepper. The final 1/3 smoked fairly hot, but wasn’t unpleasant."
La Gloria Cubana,5 out of 5,Very good cigar,Very good cigar
La Gloria Cubana,5 out of 5,LaGloria,One of my favorite cigars! Love the customer service CI provides! Thanks CI!
La Gloria Cubana,4 out of 5,Free gift is flawed,Thanks for the flawed free lighter..... please send a lighter that will actually FILL with butane so I may use it. Thanks
La Gloria Cubana,4 out of 5,GOOD QUALITY,GOOD SMOKE NICE HEAD
La Gloria Cubana,4 out of 5,La Gloria Cubana Cigarillos,Nice smoke but prefer the cigars.
La Gloria Cubana,5 out of 5,Perfect cigar n,I needed a hundred cigars for my nieces wedding. These were wonderful as well as reasonable. A lot of compliments including from my fellow cigar smokers.
La Gloria Cubana,5 out of 5,Gcubana,Awesome smoke
La Gloria Cubana,5 out of 5,I love these cigars,I love these cigars
La Gloria Cubana Artesanos de Obelisco,5 out of 5,A Class Act,"Unlit smell and body amazing. Unbelievable amounts of creamy, deep smoke. Don't be fooled by length, this is an hour smoke. Honestly...I get a little sad when they're done. Absolutely artwork."
La Gloria Cubana Artesanos de Obelisco,4 out of 5,Excellent cigar,"Great cigar, draw can be difficult but otherwise definitely worth keeping a box in the humidor"
La Gloria Cubana Artesanos de Obelisco,5 out of 5,Tasty little treats,"These never fail to disappoint. Very smooth, with an easy draw throughout, and a taste that leaves me feeling satisfied all night long. One of my favorites!"
La Gloria Cubana Artesanos de Obelisco,5 out of 5,Obeliscos,Great smoke! Smooth draw and pleasant throughout! I will be ordering more soon!
La Gloria Cubana Artesanos de Obelisco,4 out of 5,Memories,I remember my older cousin use to smoke these cone shaped cigars. So when I seen these I had to try them and they didn't disappoint.
La Gloria Cubana Artesanos de Obelisco,5 out of 5,Great Little Smoke,"This is by far my favorite short smoke. 1) it looks cool, there isn't another cigar that looks like it, 2) the history behind it is awesome, and 3) it is super tasty! I like to have this cigar handy at parties for people who can't smoke a full robusto or bigger size cigar."
La Gloria Cubana Artesanos de Obelisco,4 out of 5,tmtater la gloria,"Great cigar. burns unevenly, though."
La Gloria Cubana Artesanos de Obelisco,5 out of 5,great seller.,great seller.
La Gloria Cubana Coleccion Reserva,4 out of 5,My second order,"My friend and I really enjoy these cigars
great size smooth smoking"
La Gloria Cubana Coleccion Reserva,5 out of 5,great,"smokes great, and tastes great"
La Gloria Cubana Coleccion Reserva,3 out of 5,Don’t age well,"These cigars are really good young. But as with others La Gloria’s I’ve bought, they really don’t age well. They hit their peak after a year to a year and a half. After that they become bitter and acidic. It’s definitely something to consider before buying a box, especially if you don’t smoke a whole lot. I bought a box of the Presidente and had to hurry up and smoke them because they were starting to become bitter."
La Gloria Cubana Coleccion Reserva,4 out of 5,La Gloria Cubana Robusto,A good go to Daly or regular smoke! It’s smooth and you can really taste the white pepper and apple cider notes. I found it best to use a V- cutter on this one and you get a better draw that way Mine burned nice and even
La Gloria Cubana Coleccion Reserva,4 out of 5,"Great, robust smoke","Good wrapper, good filler. Slightly hard draw, but it helps if you clip off a quarter inch instead of an eighth.
Well worth the price."
La Gloria Cubana Coleccion Reserva,5 out of 5,A tasty treat!,"I absolutely love the cigar perfect burn, perfect taste and reasonable! I would buy the cigar over and over again!"
La Gloria Cubana Coleccion Reserva,5 out of 5,Fantastic cigar,"If your looking for a smooth, complex cigar, give these a try, you won’t be disappointed"
La Gloria Cubana Coleccion Reserva,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great slow burning good draw cigar and the taste is phenomenal!!! Will purchase more!!!
La Gloria Cubana Coleccion Reserva,5 out of 5,Great,I love these cigars I have not had a bad one yet
La Gloria Cubana Coleccion Reserva,5 out of 5,i like this cigar,"another quality cigar from E.P. Carrillo, excellent build quality, even better smoke, truly one to have in the humidor."
La Gloria Cubana Coleccion Reserva,1 out of 5,Wasn’t what I was expecting.,Wasn’t what I was expecting. Found it to be bland and very ordinary.
La Gloria Cubana Coleccion Reserva,5 out of 5,Enjoyable,Very smooth and easy smoke!
La Gloria Cubana Coleccion Reserva,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
La Gloria Cubana Coleccion Reserva,5 out of 5,quality cigar,"very nice cigar, superior build quality and fantastic aroma with wonderful flavors."
La Gloria Cubana Coleccion Reserva,5 out of 5,La Gloria Cubana Coleccion Reserva,Mild yet flavorable with great construction!
La Gloria Cubana Coleccion Reserva,4 out of 5,Coleccion reserva,"Very well aged tobacco's produce balanced flavors of rich Earth, floral notes, and dried fruit, just to name a few. These benefit from some extra aging time in your humidor."
La Gloria Cubana Coleccion Reserva,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
La Gloria Cubana Coleccion Reserva,5 out of 5,Good taste,A good smoke after dinner with friends
La Gloria Cubana Coleccion Reserva,3 out of 5,Good Smokes,"The quality was fair, poor draws in 3/5. Still, good flavor, I would give them another chance."
La Gloria Cubana Coleccion Reserva,5 out of 5,My new favorite,A friend sent me a box of the Presidentes. What a great cigar! Flavorful and a nice even smoke. I have a new favorite. Thank you Jace!
La Gloria Cubana Coleccion Reserva,5 out of 5,Very good,Very good
La Gloria Cubana Coleccion Reserva,5 out of 5,Simply Amazing,"Smooth and flavorful with a great, even and reliable burn. What more can you ask for?"
La Gloria Cubana Coleccion Reserva,4 out of 5,Oh it's good but ....,"Tasty with a nice burn but can't beat the Series ""N"""
La Gloria Cubana Coleccion Reserva,5 out of 5,Bravo Ernesto!!,"I smoked the torpedo the other day and was really surprised at how good it was! I liked the La Gloria Esteli, Serie R Black and most of the other La Gloria line but this one is something special! Gee ya think it could be because Ernesto Perez Carillo, the man himself produced it in his factory for La Gloria? This may be one of the best cigars I've ever smoked! I'll be getting more as they become available and really get into this gem! Welcome back Ernesto, you HAVE been missed!!"
La Gloria Cubana Esteli,4 out of 5,Well built,Built like a tank. Good draw and flavor. I’ll buy more.
La Gloria Cubana Esteli,4 out of 5,"Good solid burn,pepper,sweetness,","Good solid burn,pepper,sweetness,"
La Gloria Cubana Esteli,4 out of 5,Law Gloria Esteli,I just wish there would have been a smaller ring size available. My favorite size is A 6-48
La Gloria Cubana Esteli,5 out of 5,Always a Winner,"I'm a fan of LGC and these, at the price, were a great buy. Complexity, balance, construction... they have it all. I'd love the chance to do it again."
La Gloria Cubana Esteli,5 out of 5,Smooth,One of my favorits when i want to treat myself.
La Gloria Cubana Esteli,5 out of 5,Nice smooth long smoke,Cheaper and very comparable to the la Gloria Cubana series R#7 Maduro
La Gloria Cubana Esteli,5 out of 5,A good cigar!,A good cigar!
La Gloria Cubana Esteli,5 out of 5,Wonderful smoke,"You have to try these great shoes. Give yourself a good 60-90 minutes, a good Scotch, shut back and enjoy."
La Gloria Cubana Esteli,5 out of 5,"Smooth, excellent draw, nice burn.","Smooth, excellent draw, nice burn."
La Gloria Cubana Esteli,5 out of 5,RJB,Excellent cigar all around. This cigar is top notch.
La Gloria Cubana Esteli,5 out of 5,La Gloria,"La gloria cubana estelli, my favorite go to cigars, ive bought boxes and boxes and it never disappoints"
La Gloria Cubana Esteli,4 out of 5,go for it GREAT,"if my second box is as good as the first will will upgrade to 5 stars ! I don't spend that amt of money per box cause I smoke cigars to much, trying different brands sizes !"
La Gloria Cubana Esteli,5 out of 5,go for it GREAT,"excellent long slow even burn, Good flavor, good ash ! Little veins. Wish they where on sale when I bought them ! Will buy again.!"
La Gloria Cubana Esteli,5 out of 5,Good draw,Tasty cigar with a nice easy draw. Priced right.
La Gloria Cubana Esteli,5 out of 5,Estelle,"Really like these, great flavor, burn evenly and they are one of the more affordable sticks in the LGC line."
La Gloria Cubana Esteli,5 out of 5,Good,"Medium to full flavor, even burn, good construction. You will not be disappointed"
La Gloria Cubana Rabito de Cochino,5 out of 5,Good,Best
La Gloria Cubana Rabito de Cochino,5 out of 5,Pig tail and uncut foot,An amazing smoke at a very affordable price. I don't smoke them every day but it's a nice break in my routine.
La Gloria Cubana Rabito de Cochino,5 out of 5,Best,"One of the best, I love it"
La Gloria Cubana Rabito de Cochino,4 out of 5,I enjoy the flavour of,I enjoy the flavour of this cigar
La Gloria Cubana Rabito de Cochino,5 out of 5,LGC,GOOOOD
La Gloria Cubana Rabito de Cochino,3 out of 5,La Gloria Cubano Rabito de Cochino,"As advertised, a bit strong but not bad for the price."
La Gloria Cubana Rabito de Cochino,5 out of 5,La Gloria,Good solid Cigar as always from La Gloria
La Gloria Cubana Rabito de Cochino,5 out of 5,Smooth sweet Smoking One.,Smoking one and this is a very well made cigar for the money. Cigar had a perfect burn and excellent draw. The Flavor was too excellent with small hints of sweet black licorice and sweet aroma creamy smoke from start to finish. The ending increased with a bit more spice down to the nub. I would recommended this as a good end of the day or work cigar to anyone. I look forward to buying another box in the future.
La Gloria Cubana Rabito de Cochino,5 out of 5,WONDERFUL!,FLAVORFUL AND SMOOTH. WISH I HAD MORE.
La Gloria Cubana Serie N,5 out of 5,An Oscuro Dream...,"ONE OF THE BEST ""OSCUROS"" I'VE EVER HAD!!! It may very well be my favorite cigar to date, and will be in my permanent rotation unless some other Oscuro comes along that can top it. Dark, oily, firmly packed with an easy draw and billowing in luxurious smoke. And the price, for such a fine cigar is incredible! Save your money on the cheaper (not by much) fumas for a month or so, and this long-burning stick will do you, your wallet and taste buds a favor..."
La Gloria Cubana Serie N,5 out of 5,Smooth and good Draw,"La Gloria is my go to Cigar. Was a devout Serie R fan but once I started the Serie N I was hooked, great draw, and good flavor all the way through from start to finish. Light one of these bad boys up and a nice scotch whiskey and there is nothing better."
La Gloria Cubana Serie N,1 out of 5,Bad,"These were not stored properly. On arrival I tried, and the leaf unraveled."
La Gloria Cubana Serie N,5 out of 5,Awesome,"My go to, my fav!"
La Gloria Cubana Serie N,5 out of 5,Good solid smoke,"I have been smoking la Gloria for about 5 years and the series N are by far the most consistent. These hand rolled beauty’s are a great every day smoke and have a great draw and flavor right out of the box and everyone I have shared with have become converts. Fine crafted cigar.
Cheers,
Greg"
La Gloria Cubana Serie N,5 out of 5,Excellence,This cigar has esquisite flavor and perfect construction. It fits the description and has a smooth delivery of notes. Delicious to the nub. Excellent cigar provides a thick ash and great aroma.
La Gloria Cubana Serie N,5 out of 5,Excellence,This cigar has esquisite flavor and perfect construction. It fits the description and has a smooth delivery of notes. Delicious to the nub. Excellent cigar provides a thick ash and great aroma.
La Gloria Cubana Serie N,5 out of 5,great smokes,great smokes
La Gloria Cubana Serie N,5 out of 5,Series N,Awesome smoke! Well worth the amount I paid.
La Gloria Cubana Serie N,5 out of 5,As always good service,The website would be improved by listing recent purchases up front and asking if the buyer would like to purchase those again. It's typical you like a cigar brand and want to buy more
La Gloria Cubana Serie N,5 out of 5,La Gloria Cubana Serie N Glorioso,"Excellent smoke, full of flavor, consistent ash"
La Gloria Cubana Serie N,5 out of 5,My favorite,I love them there a great smoke
La Gloria Cubana Serie N,5 out of 5,La Gloria Cabana series N,"Top notch great stick, I've already ordered more!"
La Gloria Cubana Serie N,5 out of 5,Awesome!,This cigar is such a great value for the money! It is so rich in flavor and has such a unique taste to it. It is very consistent throughout and I have smoke these cigars for over seven years and I’m never disappointed
La Gloria Cubana Serie N,4 out of 5,La Gloria always a winner,"usually never a bad cigar by them, but only 4 stars because started coming undone a little dry upon arrival"
La Gloria Cubana Serie N,5 out of 5,Black Beauty,"Great smoke - strong, but not overpowering."
La Gloria Cubana Serie N,5 out of 5,La Gloria Cubana Serie N Gordo,"Fantastic cigar. Perfect draw, great unlit tobacco flavor, magnificent smoke flavor with a delightful taste change.
Jeff"
La Gloria Cubana Serie N,5 out of 5,Awesome,Love these.
La Gloria Cubana Serie N,4 out of 5,Ok cigar,"A little tight draw for my taste, but ok overall."
La Gloria Cubana Serie N,5 out of 5,Great,Great
La Gloria Cubana Serie N,5 out of 5,Always a Favorite of Mine,"Serie N is a cigar that doesn't cost a lot of money and tastes like it should (mind you, I'm very glad that it doesn't). These cigars have a flavor that is in a class by its self, in my opinion. It is one of my favorite cigars, period, not even taking the price into consideration. These cigars also consistently burn well and draw beautifully as well. If I suspect that people wanting to give me cigars as a gift, this is where I want my hints to lead them."
La Gloria Cubana Serie N,5 out of 5,Cigars,Love the La Gloria Cubana serie N. The best smoke ive had in a while. Will be ordering again and again
La Gloria Cubana Serie N,5 out of 5,LGB Serie N,I've smoked the LGC Serie N before and these did not let me down. A great madoro wrapper perhaps my favorite cigar.
La Gloria Cubana Serie N,5 out of 5,big fan of La Gloria,I can think of only one other time I have smoked a Generoso. Now that I have bought and tasted them. I will continue to buy them. They have a smooth and unigue flavor which I enjoyed.
La Gloria Cubana Serie N,5 out of 5,La Gloria Cubana,Great as always. Never disappointed.
La Gloria Cubana Serie N,5 out of 5,I will be sharing with my friends,"Some ""la Glorias"" have some bite, this does not. Long burning, even flavor, tastes good right from the light. Smooth, lots of smoke, creamy, earthy, chocolate, coffee, no bite, not to sweet. smoked this one to the nub. The cigars I got had a discolored band and a little bit of an off smell. I don't know if this is classic ""Serie N"" in an aged state but it had a mellow taste, no off flavor as it burned my worries drifted away. other ""Serie N"" I have didn't have a discolored band. I guess i'm a little obsessive about appearances sometimes, but I often judge a book buy its cover when it comes to cigars."
La Gloria Cubana Serie N,3 out of 5,"Like them, but......","I only bought 10, but 3 of them were ""unsmokeable"" which IMO was a shame. My past experience w/the La Gloria's were great until now Da*mit! Still like 'me though."
La Gloria Cubana Serie N,5 out of 5,Very happy with purchase,Greattach deal at a great price.
La Gloria Cubana Serie N,5 out of 5,Awesome,Awesome
La Gloria Cubana Serie N,5 out of 5,Excellent Stick,The Serie N has become one of my favorite smokes. An excellent cigar.
La Gloria Cubana Serie N,5 out of 5,Awesome,"Great smoke, burn and flavor! Can never go wrong with these sticks!"
La Gloria Cubana Serie N,5 out of 5,Very good Smoke,Very good Smoke
La Gloria Cubana Serie N,5 out of 5,Very good,"I had purchased them before,and love them. They are my favorite cigar! I do buy other brands,but only because I can't afford to buy the La Gloria Cubanas all the time! Buy hands down they are my first choice!!"
La Gloria Cubana Serie N,5 out of 5,La Gloria Cubana,I have smoked it before I think it's a very good Rich smooth smoke.
La Gloria Cubana Serie N,5 out of 5,Good Smoke,Bold yet very smooth
La Gloria Cubana Serie N,5 out of 5,La Gloria November series,This is one of my favorite sticks! Very good smoke.
La Gloria Cubana Serie N,4 out of 5,Smoked as good as they look!,Very enjoyable. Great burn and taste. Very Smooth. First time trying but I will be back!
La Gloria Cubana Serie N,5 out of 5,La Gloria Cubana Serie N,My Favorite Cigar. Always buy the Gordo and Robusto. Has a nice combination of some sweetness and strength. The flavor gets better as it gets down to the nub. Love the cigar and appreciate Cigars Int'l service. Thanks!
La Gloria Cubana Serie N,5 out of 5,La Gloria series N,"This one of the better cigars I've smoked . I try to always have some on hand, always consistent , good taste good draw good burn good finish, never been disappointed ,by one"
La Gloria Cubana Serie N,5 out of 5,Smooth and tasty,Usually smoke series R but thought to give these a try and was truly impressed with the smooth and tasty smoking experience. Great balance and a very even burn. Will be adding to my list of favorites.
La Gloria Cubana Serie N,1 out of 5,Hopeful,"La Gloria Cubana been a favorite of mine. When they had the free shipping on a ten pack of Serie N I jumped on it. Smoked my first today after five days in my humidor. Wonderful smooth deep dark flavors. Then at the half way point developed a horrible foul chemical taste. Tried another 5 or 6 puffs. Had to out it out. Typically I nub every cigar cheap or fancy.
Still looking forward to another one. Hopefully that was a bad one. Never had such a bad taste from any cigar. Will review again."
La Gloria Cubana Serie N,5 out of 5,La Gloria cubana series N Lou from chilltown J.C.,By far one of the most beautiful cigars on my taste buds. Consistent from beginning to end I recommend any maduro lover to try this cigar you won't regret the decision.
La Gloria Cubana Serie N,5 out of 5,BEST CIGAR EVER,The Serie N is the best cigar (in my opinion) ever rolled!
La Gloria Cubana Serie N,4 out of 5,Solid smoke,Have tried all the La Gloria types. Each is distinct and this one is a tasty full bodied smoke. Consistent quality and an excellent value compared to more expensive sticks
La Gloria Cubana Serie N,4 out of 5,Unexpectedly pleasant smoke,I'm generally not a dark wrapper guy. But these have broaden my horizons and possibilities
La Gloria Cubana Serie N,5 out of 5,My impression of the La Gloria cigars - a super winner,"A winner I have been smoking for years when the cigar urge hits me. Dark earthy flavors, smooth with strong flavor but without bitterness. I've tried lots of high end cigars and hands down this is the favorite of any I have had. Someone suggested I try it and boy I was happy I did. It is everything I want in a cigar. If you prefer light and smooth without much flavor this is not for you. If you like flavor, I have had none better."
La Gloria Cubana Serie N,5 out of 5,LA Gloria Cubana Series N,These were some great cigars I enjoyed the experience of this great smoking cigar.
La Gloria Cubana Serie N,5 out of 5,good deal,I find these great smokes for the price. One of my regulars.
La Gloria Cubana Serie N,4 out of 5,La gloria n,Smooth cigar
La Gloria Cubana Serie N,5 out of 5,On time.... On budget,Just before Christmas needed a gift for my brother in law so hopped on Cigars International and ordered his favorite cigars they arrived in time for the holidays and price can't be beat
La Gloria Cubana Serie R,5 out of 5,My go to,"After trying numerous cigars, my favorite is the La Gloria Series R. Smooth and easy draw while burning evenly."
La Gloria Cubana Serie R,5 out of 5,One of my favorites,One of my favorites
La Gloria Cubana Serie R,5 out of 5,Cigars were delivered on time,"Cigars were delivered on time and fresh. Service was awesome and as well as your product
Thank you"
La Gloria Cubana Serie R,5 out of 5,Awesome,Love them
La Gloria Cubana Serie R,5 out of 5,Smooth with grape flavor,I think these are a really smooth smoke especially for a Maduro. I don't ordinarily smoke Maderos because they're a little too strong for the most part but these are very smooth and seem to be consistent. A very enjoyable smoke.
La Gloria Cubana Serie R,5 out of 5,Smooth Maduro,Another winner from La Gloria Cubana.
La Gloria Cubana Serie R,5 out of 5,Glorious!,One of my favorites. Nice balanced cigar with a good draw and lots of smoke.
La Gloria Cubana Serie R,3 out of 5,"I enjoyed them, however I","I enjoyed them, however I didn't like the length if the cigar. I'm not sure how to gage width and length of cigars. A helpful chart would be apprciated with future orders"
La Gloria Cubana Serie R,5 out of 5,It’s Amazing.,Wow. Amazing
La Gloria Cubana Serie R,5 out of 5,Love This Stick,"Simply fantastic! Love this smoke. The Serie R in all flavors (Maduro, etc) are all great. Never disappoints. Great burn, super taste throughout. Super every time. Highly recommend this smoke."
La Gloria Cubana Serie R,5 out of 5,My favorite cigar!!!,My favorite cigar!!!
La Gloria Cubana Serie R,3 out of 5,Ok,Ok
La Gloria Cubana Serie R,5 out of 5,excellent,excellent
La Gloria Cubana Serie R,5 out of 5,So far my favorite,So far my favorite
La Gloria Cubana Serie R,4 out of 5,Still a champion,A great smoke at a moderate price.
La Gloria Cubana Serie R,5 out of 5,Awesome,Awesome
La Gloria Cubana Serie R,4 out of 5,Very good cigar I would,Very good cigar I would suggest them to any cigar smoker
La Gloria Cubana Serie R,4 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
La Gloria Cubana Serie R,5 out of 5,Great smoke.,"The construction is flawless, good draw, and burns evenly."
La Gloria Cubana Serie R,5 out of 5,"Great smoke, highly recommend.","Great smoke, highly recommend."
La Gloria Cubana Serie R,5 out of 5,LaGloria R,Love the cigar. Robust and flavorful til the very end.
La Gloria Cubana Serie R,5 out of 5,These were great cigars full,These were great cigars full of flavor and I will be ordering more.
La Gloria Cubana Serie R,4 out of 5,"Good value, good smoke","Good value, good smoke"
La Gloria Cubana Serie R,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
La Gloria Cubana Serie R,4 out of 5,Good value,Great cigar
La Gloria Cubana Serie R,5 out of 5,Right cigar,Teally enjoy smoking lgc!
La Gloria Cubana Serie R,5 out of 5,Nice cigar,I enjoy these cigars. Not the best ever but a fine cigar indeed.
La Gloria Cubana Serie R,5 out of 5,EXCELLENT!!!,EXCELLENT!!!
La Gloria Cubana Serie R,5 out of 5,good full smoke.,good full smoke.
La Gloria Cubana Serie R,5 out of 5,Very good cigar.,Very good cigar.
La Gloria Cubana Serie R,5 out of 5,La Gloria Cubana Serie R No,Excellent smoke!
La Gloria Cubana Serie R,5 out of 5,Great smoke! Hints of sweetness,Great smoke! Hints of sweetness with a bold taste!
La Gloria Cubana Serie R,5 out of 5,A nice smoke,I've enjoyed other La Gloria Cubana cigars in the past. The Soberano is one of my favorites. I like a maduro wrapper enjoyed this cigar. I bought a five pack and Ill probably buy more.
La Gloria Cubana Serie R,5 out of 5,A winner,Very tasty cigar...I intend to always have some in my collection.
La Gloria Cubana Serie R,5 out of 5,La Gloria Cubana Serie R,One of my favorites. Full flavored smoke. Burns nice. Pairs great with bourbon.
La Gloria Cubana Serie R,4 out of 5,Consistently good!,Really nice smoke. Consistent quality and taste throughout the box. Well constructed with an even burn.
La Gloria Cubana Serie R,5 out of 5,Nice,Nice
La Gloria Cubana Serie R,5 out of 5,Serie R No. 5,Strong flavor that will tame any lion. Good amount of smoke with a draw that will make Gloria proud. Price is on point and worth every penny.
La Gloria Cubana Serie R,5 out of 5,"As always. Great selection, fantastic","As always. Great selection, fantastic prices and customer service."
La Gloria Cubana Serie R,4 out of 5,Good smoke,"I like the cigar and have given some to friends, They liked them, too."
La Gloria Cubana Serie R,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
La Gloria Cubana Serie R,5 out of 5,EXCELLENT CIGARS!,The Serie R and Serie N are the two best cigars out there in my opinion!
La Gloria Cubana Serie R,5 out of 5,Solid cigar flavor and burn,Really have enjoyed these as a daily relax cigar.
La Gloria Cubana Serie R,4 out of 5,La Gloria serie R #5,"Very good cigar, anytime of day. Complexity and unique flavor profile!"
La Gloria Cubana Serie R,4 out of 5,Great Cigar,All thirds offer a consistency and flavor to the nub. Medium with a consistent burn.
La Gloria Cubana Serie R,5 out of 5,LA GLORIA CUBANA,"REALLY NICE CIGAR. GOOD FLAVOR, CONSTRUCTION, AND DRAW...."
La Gloria Cubana Serie R,5 out of 5,Great buy. Smooth even burning,Great buy. Smooth even burning tasty sticks.
La Gloria Cubana Serie R,5 out of 5,Great deal great smoke,Great deal great smoke
La Gloria Cubana Serie R,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
La Gloria Cubana Serie R,5 out of 5,super smooth and good construction,super smooth and good construction make for excellent smoke.
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black,5 out of 5,I’m the best wife ever,My husband is in love
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black,3 out of 5,Meh...good but not great,"Had these in my humidor for a year before lighting up. Every single one of them has burn, and draw issues. Have had to babysit these and require multiple touch ups. Not what I was expecting. Flavors are great though."
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black,5 out of 5,Full body,"This cigar is my overall favorite. Full body
Slow burning and a great value"
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black,5 out of 5,Lives up to it’s name,"Flawlessly rolled, brilliantly blended, the Serie R reminds me of why I began smoking cigars in the first place."
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black,5 out of 5,La Gloria Cubans Series R Black Number 64,My favorite cigar. I especially like the Number 64 ring size. I have ordered this cigar many times and the quality on them is always consistent and always great!! A great buy!
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black,3 out of 5,Disappointed,"I’ve been smoking La Gloria Cubana cigars for many years, but a different ring size. I always liked a larger ring size cigar, because they taste better. This time I decided to try a 64 ring cigar the serie R Black and I have to say that I’m quite disappointed with this choice. Don’t get me wrong, it’s a great tasting cigar, but there is one flaw I found in these cigars. There is a vein running down from the middle of the cigar down to the foot of it where you cut the tip off. At that point the vain opens up and ruins the cigar. It happened to the first five cigars. I don’t feel like wasting an other one so I don’t smoke them anymore."
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black,4 out of 5,"Great cigar, but when shipped , the cigars are too dry","I’m a loyal La Gloria Cubana cigar smoker. I like a large ring cigar. In my opinion, the larger the ring the tastier the cigar smoke. And I like a full body cigar. So this time I ordered a box of 18 cigars of Serie R Black. I like these cigars, but the only problem I find that they ship these cigars too dry. So when I cut the tip off the cigar and since the cigar is so dry the wrapper cracks and ruins the cigar. Otherwise it’s an excellent smoke."
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black,5 out of 5,One of my favorites.,One of my favorites.
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black,5 out of 5,Strong and Tasty,No bite. Plenty of flavor. A good smoke.
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black,4 out of 5,Good a d full,"Still my every day go to stick for full flavor
Wish they would do 20 instead of the 18 for the same money"
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black,5 out of 5,I am in love!,My new love is all I have to say!!
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black,4 out of 5,go for it GREAT,I ahve been smoking these sticks for yrs and find them GREAT ! Right out of the box they are dark rich full flavor! I enjoy a large stick and these fit the bill ! Hardly any veins light good even burn smooth I can not say enough except I will they either dropped price or put 20 per box.
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black,5 out of 5,Gave them a rest,"Wonderful cigar, and after a month in the humidor getting better. Peppery at the outset and very smooth once warmed up."
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black,5 out of 5,Quality,Very fresh cigars.
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black,5 out of 5,Premium Cigar,Great blend. Great construction.
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black,5 out of 5,Just a GREAT cigar,"One of my most favorite of all time. Great draw very nice taste slow burn, to me just worth the money. I just can not afford them all the time."
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black,5 out of 5,nice,nice
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black,5 out of 5,Awesome smoke,Great construction. Each smoke is the same burn and flavor. Very consistent. That's what look for in a good smoke. Great flavor for a big boy smoke. This is a great smoke to step your cigar game up.
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black,5 out of 5,La Gloria Cubana,"This review goes for the entire line of La Gloria Cubana's. They are all fantastic cigars, I've tried them. They are dependable, don't fall apart, easy on the draw. They burn even. Not harsh. Just a good cigar."
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black,5 out of 5,Great Smoke !,Great value and better smoke.
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black,5 out of 5,Serie R Black,This is a great Gloria Cubana cigar! Gradually builds up power and a deep flavor. They burn even and a slow burn but with good volumes of smoke. Always in my humidor!
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black,5 out of 5,Excellent smokes.,Excellent smokes.
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black,5 out of 5,La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black,"Great smoke , deep smokey coffee taste."
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"This cigar has been my favorite for more than 15 years. It has a bold yet smooth taste, a great aroma, and is a classy cigar"
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black,5 out of 5,LGC Black,"Great cigar. Not the myth,or the legend of the original LGC serie R, but a great stand in."
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black,4 out of 5,Yummy,Great stick with black coffee!
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black,3 out of 5,Series R,Not a bad cigat
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black,4 out of 5,Had problem with draw with,Had problem with draw with one of the three .very good smoke.
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black,4 out of 5,A good smoke,"consistent, good roll, potent enough to compete with a good scotch"
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black,4 out of 5,Yum,Great full body smooth draw
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black,4 out of 5,Very full flavored.,Very full flavored.
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black,4 out of 5,La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black No. 58,"It was a nice smoke, burnt well, and a pretty decent draw. Having a cuo of coffee enhanced the flavor, smoothed the taste."
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black,5 out of 5,la Gloria,I like puros la Gloria and when they are offered at a savings I like them a little more.
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black,4 out of 5,Good smoke,"Different full flavor, a lot of cigar to smoke would get a different roll. So a personal preference review but overall good."
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black,4 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black,5 out of 5,great,great
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black,4 out of 5,Tasty,"Unique even a little odd taste, good solid burn"
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black,4 out of 5,Great Burn,Great Burn
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black,5 out of 5,La Gloria Blacks 60,Good economical everyday smoke. burns even and nice full flavor.
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black,5 out of 5,La Gloria Cubana,I’ve been ordering these cigars from Cigar International for a few years now. I always receive them in a timely manner and they are always fresh. Ordering from Cigar International makes getting cigars easy. Plus they always have great deals.
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Great Smoke . Been smoking them since they were put on the market. One of my favorite cigars.
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black,3 out of 5,Ok,Ok
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black,4 out of 5,Me and my friends,fine smoke
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black,4 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black,3 out of 5,LGC Serie R Black No. 58,"Being a big of the Serie R, I was excited to try the Black. Even though it had all the hallmarks of the Serie R (great construction,beautiful wrapper,good burn), I wasn’t that impressed. First of all, I’m not big fan of the big ring gauge and I found the cigar rather dull. From now on I’ll stick to the regular Serie R-No. 3 in particular."
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black,5 out of 5,Magnificent!,"Smooth, Earthy, and immensely enjoyable."
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black,4 out of 5,Black gloria r,Its ok But doesn’t feel like a full body
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black,5 out of 5,One Of My Top Ten,"Full bodied, tasty, not that expensive."
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black,5 out of 5,Good,Good
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black Maduro,5 out of 5,Hugh fan.,This is a great cigar. Priced very reasonably. Enjoy it from the foot to the cap. Minimal touch up if ever necessary. Give it a try.
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black Maduro,5 out of 5,No Worries with LGC,Always excellent and reliable throughout the decades.
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black Maduro,4 out of 5,Excellent smoke,Excellent smoke
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black Maduro,4 out of 5,LIKE,i like them
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black Maduro,5 out of 5,La Gloria,Great cigar. Great price.
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black Maduro,5 out of 5,My favorite,My favorite
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black Maduro,5 out of 5,go for it GREAT,"as always a great smoke right out of the shipping box low veins long smoke good flavor good ash hardly any relights
one of my best smokes .if your a big ring try it you'll like it !"
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Smoke! Tall Drink Needed!,"Great Stick! You will need "" A Few Drinks or a tall one with this Cigar, It's a long smoke; it took me almost 2 hours. You will enjoy its great flavor and aromatic smoke."
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black Maduro,5 out of 5,Glorious!,The Gordo was flavourful and there was plenty’s of smoke.
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black Maduro,5 out of 5,Deep robust smoke,Deep robust smoke
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black Maduro,5 out of 5,wonderful,great line extension not as spicey as other flavors.
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black Maduro,3 out of 5,Hard to smoke,Great tasting cigar but it gets hard for me to smoke it halfway through
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black Maduro,3 out of 5,Above average,Above average
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black Maduro,5 out of 5,Love them!,"Love the smoke, im a chewer, this is one of my go to cigars. Not for the feint of heart, full flavor."
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black Maduro,5 out of 5,THERAPEUTIC,Great smoke!!
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black Maduro,5 out of 5,very good smoke,very good smoke
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black Maduro,4 out of 5,Nice,"Nice draw, great cigar for price"
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black Maduro,5 out of 5,Very tasty cigar,Very tasty cigar
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black Maduro,5 out of 5,Bold Taste,"Nice blend of flavors, really nice burn rate, one of my favorite"
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black Maduro,5 out of 5,La Gloria Cabana maduro,Always great smoke Never fails
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black Maduro,5 out of 5,It great cigar to smoke,It great cigar to smoke with tour friends around a camp fire
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Smooth flavor and not over powering. Smokes evenly.
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black Maduro,5 out of 5,Smooth burning excellent relaxing cigar,Smooth burning excellent relaxing cigar
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black Maduro,5 out of 5,"Great, smooth cigar!!!","Great, smooth cigar!!!"
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black Maduro,5 out of 5,La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black Maduro No. 60,"Very good cigar -- robust taste, good aroma -- at a very good price."
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black Maduro,5 out of 5,Awesome,Awesome
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black Maduro,5 out of 5,Lagloria series R maduro,On 🔥
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black Maduro,4 out of 5,Wowwww,Wowwww
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"If you like a smooth flavorful Maduro, this should be in your humidor!"
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black Maduro,5 out of 5,THE BEST,I LOVE these smokes!
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black Maduro,4 out of 5,Glorious LaGloria,"A glorious full bodied, long lasting smoke. I've yet to have a La Gloria that I didn't enjoy. I deducted one star from my rating, not because of the cigar itself, but because it lacked a little freshness, this particular batch that I received was a little dried out. Still a great smoke, but coulda been a little fresher or newer."
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black Maduro,5 out of 5,My favorite smoke,"I absolutely love this Series R Black Maduro from LaGloria Cubana. I can honestly say that this is my very favorite smoke. The flavors are incredibly rich and bold. I’ve smoked cigars that cost far more, and honestly have never found one that I can say I like as much. They don’t go on sale very often (ok, never), but when and if there is ever a little price break, I buy up as many as I can afford to keep in my humidors."
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black Maduro,5 out of 5,La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black Maduro,Excellent cigar for the price. I'll keep buying.
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black Maduro,5 out of 5,Love these!,"This is one of my favorite sticks. And a great price, too!"
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black Maduro,3 out of 5,Unexpected Wrapper problem,"I love LGC cigars, however i bought a 5 packs of these with great expectations. I love the oily sheen and the firm pack. It did provide a razor sharp burn with a very white ash. My only issue is that about 1/3 up the cigar the wrapper started to unwind. I tried to lick it to hold it down but I guess it was too late. I tried another cigar and had the same problem. I checked my humidity in my humidor and its was 68% at about 70 degrees F. I have other cigars in there and they don't cause me that problems. I expect it was due to a poor roll. Would I buy again? Maybe."
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,For those that like Madura large cigars this one is great!
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black Maduro,5 out of 5,"It is a great smoke,","It is a great smoke, if you like a full body cigar!"
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black Maduro,5 out of 5,Good cigar,"I love La Gloria Cubanas
This cigar adds to the collection."
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black Maduro,5 out of 5,Easy and efficient,Easy and efficient
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black Maduro,3 out of 5,Series r black maduro,The series r black maduro was a nice firm hefty log that burned well & tasted good until about an 1.5 inches left then got hot & real bitter. I would have given it 4 stars if it wasn't for that. I will smoke the other 4 but probably won't order again.
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black Maduro,5 out of 5,Dry cigars,I like the price but unfortunately they were dry and the wrapping broke when i opened them. Please make sure that the Cigars’s stay fresh. They are La Gloria Series R Black Maduro. Thanks
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black Maduro,5 out of 5,Awesome smoke,this sticks an Excellent smoke ! Pares with a nice coffee in the morning or a steak in the evening ! Its my good too smoke .
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black Maduro,5 out of 5,La Gloria Cubans Serie R Black Maduro No. 64,My husband loves them!
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black Maduro,5 out of 5,SMOOThE,"Burns evenly, great taste, nice draw"
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black Maduro,5 out of 5,Love these!,"This is always one of my favorite smokes. Full bodied but very smooth. Thick, rich smoke and an even burn. Slap yourself if you don't love this one"
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black Maduro,5 out of 5,Must Have,Second time that I have ordered and the second time I have not been disappointed.
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black Maduro,4 out of 5,It's a great cigar,It's a great cigar
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black Maduro,4 out of 5,FULL BODIED,ONE OF THE BEST AT RESONABLE PRICE
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black Maduro,5 out of 5,Love them,I bought these for my dad. It is a great smooth full bodied smoke.
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Black Maduro,5 out of 5,Can't wait to buy another batch.,"A great smooth smoke, nice slow burn. My wife likes the aroma."
La Gloria Cubana Serie R Limitada 2005,5 out of 5,My personal pick as the best stick ever made.,"LGC series R is my go to stick. Back in 06 at Nickerbackers, in Menlo Park, Ca. I had the pleasure of a Limitada. If these are as smooth and rich as that one was I'm commited. Although it states a differen blend back then. There skill at making great cigars makes me pull the trigger and get a box."
La Gloria Cubana Spanish Press,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,"This is a great smoke full of flavor, full body a little uneven burn on some but not that bad. Great price and great service from CI."
La Gloria Cubana Spanish Press,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"This is a very good cigar a little uneven burn but excellent taste and full of flavor.
A great buy."
La Gloria Cubana Spanish Press,4 out of 5,Excellent pressed cigar,Hard to find a quality pressed cigar of this superb smoke. G.C
La Gloria Cubana Spanish Press,5 out of 5,Awesome cigar,One of my all time favorites
La Gloria Cubana Spanish Press,3 out of 5,Good stick -poor wrapper,"Yes it is a fine smoke, I found it medium at best which is ok. The bad part was the wrapper, being Jalapa, was extremely delicate. After the initial light and into it for an inch the wrapper began to crack, then unravel. Yes it was fixable, but disappointing. Further up the stick another crack developed. So, while it was a good smoke, who wants to keep playing with the wrapper? I personally will move on to a sifferent stick and probably stay away from a Jalapa wrapper."
La Gloria Cubana Spanish Press,5 out of 5,great smoke,love this smoke....a unique and satisfying cigar. it has become my favorite
La Gloria Cubana Spanish Press,5 out of 5,Excellent Smoke!,"Excellent cigar with sweet, earthy notes. I love the boxed press shape for LGC."
La Herencia Cubana,5 out of 5,I have champagne tastes with,"I have champagne tastes with a beer budget. These cigars are that ideal. The construction and the flavor surpass many smokes I've enjoyed at double the cost. These things are slow burners too, normally I appreciate a torpedo or gordo and even in that light these satisfy .I've sampled a fair selection of the output of A.J.Fernandez, Diesel is among my faves, these hang with some of the best of that grouping. Thanks for existing and creating a place where a starving artist has the opportunity to experience some fine things."
La Herencia Cubana,4 out of 5,Good value,Good value...somewhat of a funny burn in a few.
La Herencia Cubana,4 out of 5,Great taste and smooth.,Great taste and smooth.
La Herencia Cubana,4 out of 5,First time,These have been a pleasant surprise. Never had tried this brand. I’m in.
La Herencia Cubana,5 out of 5,very good burning smoke no,very good burning smoke no bad after taste great from start to finish relights well
La Herencia Cubana,5 out of 5,Its a Good one!!,"Solid smoke, smooth and hardy all in one.
Good for 9 holes plus."
La Herencia Cubana,5 out of 5,Size flavor price make thiis,Size flavor price make thiis cigar fly under the radar
La Herencia Cubana,4 out of 5,Good buy,Good buy
La Herencia Cubana,4 out of 5,Quite Good ! ! !,"Tasty cigar with a definite Full Flavor-Stout profile. In my opinion, this unit falls noticeably SHORT of the Oscuro Fuerte La Herencia in ALL 'Round likeability. Not that this is a Poor Cigar, , , , , , it's Simply Markedly Different form the Oscuro Fuerte in areas that make a Big Difference TO ME !! !!"
La Herencia Cubana,5 out of 5,a great smoke at a great price,i have been smoking these cigars for a long time and have never been disappointed
La Herencia Cubana,4 out of 5,Great cigar,No matter what I have in my humidor I always found myself going back to these. Great taste great price great cigar
La Herencia Cubana,5 out of 5,my everyday cigar,i have tried many different cigars and i keep coming back to this one
La Herencia Cubana,5 out of 5,This cigar seems to have,This cigar seems to have no faults . . . A good smoke.
La Herencia Cubana,5 out of 5,my everyday smoke,i still like this cigar best of all. i have one in my mouth as i type.
La Herencia Cubana,3 out of 5,CBID (aka CI) needs to humidify better.,I would have given them five stars but a number of the five packs came dry which wasn't a problem as I left them in my humidor for quite a while. The problem was that some of them cracked and they're almost un-smokable. The ones that didn't were fantastic.
La Herencia Cubana,5 out of 5,my regular cigar,love this cigar
La Herencia Cubana,5 out of 5,Quality cigar,very good smoke at a good price.
La Herencia Cubana,5 out of 5,I will buy these again,"Good flavor, nice burn, enjoyable smoke"
La Herencia Cubana,5 out of 5,my fav cigar,i wish you weren't out of them for 2 months. thank g-d they are back
La Herencia Cubana,5 out of 5,Best smoke,This is my go to cigar!
La Herencia Cubana,5 out of 5,Time to relax,Great cigar; pleasant flavor through entire smoke. Completes my day.
La Herencia Cubana,5 out of 5,Perfect!!!!!,Good cigar to combine with coffee
La Herencia Cubana,5 out of 5,my personal fav,"to me this is one of the best cigars on the m,arket"
La Herencia Cubana,5 out of 5,One of the best,Not a favorite but one of the best. NO I do not have favorites... :)
La Herencia Cubana,4 out of 5,Top Notch,"There is almost always room in my humidor for these and if there's not, I'll stash them in my son-in-laws cabinet until I have more room. Well constructed, consistently good burn, and a nice medium strength. Perfect to smoke with my morning coffee."
La Herencia Cubana,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,After years of enjoying the 5 Vegas golds I have been introduced to my new fave and go to stick now I am all in for the rich flavor of La Herencia
La Herencia Cubana,5 out of 5,La Herencia Review,"Love....love this cigar. Taste, aroma, and price. This is my go to stick. I have recommended this to so many people. I would love it you guys night back the bundles."
La Herencia Cubana,5 out of 5,La Herencia Cubana,Ground zero from which I grade all others.
La Herencia Cubana,5 out of 5,La Herencia Cubana,Well made and excellent flavor.
La Herencia Cubana,4 out of 5,good cigars,"good cigars had a good smoke and tons of flavor, great job C.I."
La Herencia Cubana,5 out of 5,Very good,This cigar has been the best I've ordered from CI!
La Herencia Cubana,5 out of 5,Great mild medium body smoke,Great mild medium body smoke
La Herencia Cubana,5 out of 5,"Truly a wonderful cigar, thank","Truly a wonderful cigar, thank you."
La Herencia Cubana,4 out of 5,Good smoke worth the price,Nice flavors well balanced had good amount of strength to it so for me after dinner smoke
La Herencia Cubana,5 out of 5,pleasantly surprised,"I had never heard of this brand, but I selected it in a mega-sampler package. I chose it because I like the 52-54 ring gauge. It burns even and has a smooth draw. I will choose it again."
La Herencia Cubana,5 out of 5,Dark And Rich,"Dark, strong, rich flavors of espresso, leather and chocolate with a smooth refined character. Excellent burn and draw every time...very consistent. Even though these delicious smokes are out of my budget boundaries I always have some in my humidor because of the great deals CI offers on a regular basis. Thank you CI for allowing guys like me to experience the ""cream of the crop"" of cigars!"
La Herencia Cubana,5 out of 5,Taste/Construction,This cigar is well made and the taste is excellent.
La Herencia Cubana,5 out of 5,My husband loved it!,My husband loved it!
La Herencia Cubana,4 out of 5,Cigars were good. First time,Cigars were good. First time I had these. Mild to medium.
La Herencia Cubana,5 out of 5,Solid smoke,Great start...even burn...great finish
La Herencia Cubana,5 out of 5,Jay,Top of the line
La Herencia Cubana,5 out of 5,Cigars International nails it again with great cigars and prices,The La Herencias are AMAZING!
La Herencia Cubana,5 out of 5,Quality smoke.,"Good every time. Flavorful, kinda strong, consistent, dependable. Not too pricey, and a long lasting smoke."
La Herencia Cubana,3 out of 5,Harsh smoke.,"Poor burn kept canoeing.
Smooth at first but got harsh half way through. Will not buy again."
La Herencia Cubana,4 out of 5,When the cigars I’m looking,When the cigars I’m looking for are always on backorder I turn to le herencia cubana and get some satisfaction
La Herencia Cubana,5 out of 5,La Herencia,A very good smoke.
La Herencia Cubana,4 out of 5,First time,Nice full bodied cigar. WI'll buy again.
La Herencia Cubana,4 out of 5,Very good smoke.,I'm not an aficionado but this was one of my favourites that came in a bundle pack with Ghurka Black Dragon and Cohiba Red Dot and two other types of cigars. The Ghurka was #1 but the La Herencia was a close 2nd. All of the cigars burned well and each lasted about an hour. Exactly what I like with a good tasting cigar. Paired well with old fashions.
La Herencia Cubana,4 out of 5,Great tdaste,I am very happy with these cigars. They draw well and have the taste that brings you back for more.
La Herencia Cubana,5 out of 5,AJ Fernandez's La Herencia's are delicious!,wow what a beautiful smoke - AJ Fernandez and his crew should be very proud of this label.
La Herencia Cubana CORE,5 out of 5,Smooth,"Very smooth draw with notes of leather and sweet. This cigar really shines during the last 1/3 as the flavors seem to be more pronounced but balanced there. I've ordered a few boxes of these sticks and have yet to find a bad one. If you like a full bodied, box press this is a fine addition to your humidor."
La Herencia Cubana CORE,4 out of 5,Not a bad stick.,Not a bad stick.
La Herencia Cubana CORE,5 out of 5,great cigars,great cigars
La Herencia Cubana CORE,5 out of 5,My favorite stick,Smooth flavor with a kick.
La Herencia Cubana CORE,4 out of 5,Good solid smoke.,Good solid smoke.
La Herencia Cubana CORE,4 out of 5,"Good, tasty cigar","Good, tasty cigar"
La Herencia Cubana CORE,5 out of 5,Great Cigar!,I just love these La Herencia Cubans beauties! A great smoke every time. I wish I could afford them for my everyday cigar.
La Herencia Cubana CORE,4 out of 5,Great medium plus,Excellent cigar for someone who is not ready for a full body cigar but a medium is not enough kick for their taste.
La Herencia Cubana CORE,4 out of 5,Full Strength + Full Flavor! 4.6 experience all the way!,"Rating: 4.6 - Full Strength + Full Flavor! Draw = Easy, Burn = Even to Nub. This ligero-loaded smoke is surprisingly and delightfully airy and smooth. A zesty, nutty, and surrounded by notes of premium oily espresso, very, very dark cocoa, leather, and earthy wood. Cigarist brothers and sisters, I love this Cubana CORE. Much gratitude and respect to the La Herencia crew and for my ""well worth it"" CI membership, T :-)"
La Herencia Cubana CORE,5 out of 5,A+,"Great cigar. Smooth and creamy. Slow burn, almost 2 hours. A little outside of my typical price range, but I’ll definitely scoop some up when on sale."
La Herencia Cubana CORE,5 out of 5,An excellent cigar,"Excellent stick. Smooth, creamy and VERY satisfying. Thank you Aj Fernandez"
La Herencia Cubana CORE,5 out of 5,A classic in any collection,A bold tobacco flavor without harshness. Maintained smoking ability in harsh winds. Very pleasant aroma. Mind pepper on the retrohale. And when I withdrew from the high winds the burn corrected itself nicely.
La Herencia Cubana CORE,5 out of 5,A good one,This is an excellent smoke.
La Herencia Cubana CORE,5 out of 5,Nice smoke. Last a long,Nice smoke. Last a long time
La Herencia Cubana CORE,5 out of 5,excellent cigar,nice price great taste easy smoke becoming my favorite.
La Herencia Cubana CORE,5 out of 5,Truth,Very smooth and true
La Herencia Cubana CORE,5 out of 5,Unique,A truly favorable great cigar
La Herencia Cubana CORE,5 out of 5,Very good cigar,Very good cigar
La Herencia Cubana CORE,4 out of 5,A good tasting even smoke,A good tasting even smoke through out the entire cigar. Went well with brandy and a good bourbon.
La Herencia Cubana CORE,5 out of 5,Great deal/ great cigar,"Top notch cigar - even burn, consistent draw and great flavor!"
La Herencia Cubana CORE,5 out of 5,The Core of my Humidor,"Bought the Core as a fan of A.J. Hernandez. By the time I finished my third, I had new favorite full flavored cigar in my humidor. I was walking by the river with my wife and she gave it the spousal seal of approval! Excellent tastes, good even burn and won't break the bank!!"
La Herencia Cubana CORE,5 out of 5,Good smoke,"Very good stick
Would get it again"
La Herencia Cubana CORE,5 out of 5,Excellent Smoke!,"I recieved 5 of these in Perfecto with an AJ sampler. I have to say I wasn't expecting much. I was wrong. These are excellent full flavored cigars. Strong notes of pepper, leather, and wood spice including a light cedar. Burn, draw, and construction were all excellent. I will buy these again."
La Herencia Cubana CORE,5 out of 5,Back seat Diesel,"I had a Diesel Rage (my go to) and one of theses in the humidor. I decided to smoke the core due to my Rages still not delivered(different site). I have to say, the Rage will be taking a back seat to the core from here."
La Herencia Cubana CORE,5 out of 5,Move some Fuente's over to make room fot the zcore,"I received my first Core in an AJ sampler. I have to admit, I had never heard of it. I let it sit in the humidor a month before taking it on a stroll with our dogs. I was truly amazed from the first draw until I finally had to let it go. Smooth tobacco flavors, rich and earthy with good even bun. I told me wife this cigar is on par with Fuente and one of the best I've ever had the pleasure of smoking."
La Herencia Cubana CORE,5 out of 5,Super Premium after aging,"Because I am a big fan of the LHCOF (Oscuro Fuerte) Toro, I thought I’d try the Core line.
I’ve probably had every size, except the 6x60.
The wedge is a feisty, tasty smoke, great when you don’t have time for a longer smoke. For that, I prefer the toro or torpedo.
Most of the time, I’ve been smoking them without extra time in the humidor ... still a good smoke. But the other day, I came across a toro that had been in the humidor for a good while. I do like a variety of cigars, but since I had not had in awhile, this one appealed to me. Wow, that extra time in the humidor made a huge difference, taking this from being a very good cigar to a most excellent cigar. That cedar love must smooth out any rough edges, because it was a most enjoyable experience - smooth, flavorful, no problems with burn or draw. So, if you have space in the humidor and get a 5 or 10 pack, smoke one and bury the rest in your humidor, then forget about them. Maybe in a few months pull one out and take it for a test drive, then close the lid and wait a few more months. This is the definition of a premium or super premium cigar. Up there with the old label Camacho Corojo 08/22 torpedo I also had last week and just under a Padron 1964 toro for half the price on sale."
La Herencia Cubana CORE,5 out of 5,Closest thing to a Cuban.,These are great. I only buy when on sale.
La Herencia Cubana CORE,5 out of 5,Phenomenal,Just happened to have one of these in my humidor and I never tried it before. so I went ahead and tried it not expecting much for such a nondescript smoke. It's simply one of the best cigars I've ever smoked hands down. Worth every single penny that you pay for this. Highly recommended.
La Herencia Cubana CORE,4 out of 5,Well worth a smoke,Smooth and hearty
La Herencia Cubana CORE,5 out of 5,Excellent quality,Excellent quality
La Herencia Cubana CORE,4 out of 5,Good stick,I probably should have rated it a little higher. Only problem was it needed to be relit once or twice. It may have been because I was burning this cigar as slowly as I could to enjoy it as long as possible
La Herencia Cubana CORE,4 out of 5,Good tasting cigar,"The condition of the cigars were good however, most of them burned uneven"
La Herencia Cubana CORE,5 out of 5,Great smoke. Good draw and,Great smoke. Good draw and stats lit. Well constructed.
La Herencia Cubana CORE,5 out of 5,Good old fashioned stick,"This is fast becoming one of my favorite cigars. Padron 1964 diplomatic is my special occasion smoke, this cigar while not quite as strong offers a very economical comparable smoke. I am not saying they will replace the diplomatico, but they are half the pice. There is a complexity in the flavors leather predominantly. It is not sweet but if you like the flavor of well made medium to lightly strong cigar give them a try. I prefer a stronger cigar with earlthy and aged tobacco taste. Also I like box pressed cigars if they draw well. This brand meets all the criteria."
La Herencia Cubana CORE,5 out of 5,Good construction,"These are well constructed, with earthy tastes. Built to last for a long pleasant smoke."
La Herencia Cubana CORE,5 out of 5,Good cigar great flavor.,Good cigar great flavor.
La Herencia Cubana CORE,4 out of 5,Extremely well-made and expensive looking,"It's a cigar that gets A+ for its good looks and excellent construction. I haven't bothered to see what strength it is supposed to possess, but it packs a very full-bodied punch to my palate."
La Herencia Cubana CORE,5 out of 5,One of my favorites,"Such a great cigar. Burns great , nice draw and really nice ash. One of my very favorites a must get."
La Herencia Cubana CORE,3 out of 5,A Nice Surprise,"A surprisingly nice smoke. Lots of flavor, a good burn, and perfect draw. Every stick is consistent.
Pleasantly pleased, and I will reorder."
La Herencia Cubana CORE,5 out of 5,Very AJ!,"I usually smoke the toro in the LHCC. This gordo 7u s everything the toro is intensified. The light up is a straight kick to the head with intense tobacco. Beyond that, the Cubana core mellows a tad to med-full, tobacco, coffee, nut, earth. Great smoke."
La Herencia Cubana CORE,5 out of 5,good smoke good price,I have nothing bad to say about them good taste good price
La Herencia Cubana CORE,5 out of 5,👍🏿⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️👍🏿,👍🏿⭐️👍🏿⭐️👍🏿⭐️👍🏿⭐️👍🏿⭐️
La Herencia Cubana CORE,5 out of 5,La Herencia Cubana Core,"Rich, full bodied smoke. Burns even and true"
La Herencia Cubana CORE,5 out of 5,My favorite at a great,My favorite at a great price
La Herencia Cubana CORE,5 out of 5,Excellent stick,Excellent stick
La Herencia Cubana CORE,5 out of 5,This cigar is the TRUTH!,This cigar is the TRUTH! After smoking the first of a 5 pack I immediately ordered twenty more. Sweet on the draw followed by spice that keeps building until the next puff. I plan on keeping my humidor stocked with these sticks. Do yourself a favor and take one for a spin.
La Herencia Cubana CORE,5 out of 5,Nice cigar,Loved em would buy again
La Herencia Cubana CORE,5 out of 5,Love em,AJ does a lot of things well and this one close to the top of that list. The price of an everyday and a flavor that makes you want to hoard and save them.
La Herencia Cubana CORE,3 out of 5,"a little dry, wrapper tends","a little dry, wrapper tends to unravel..."
La Herencia Cubana CORE,5 out of 5,Excellent!,One of my favorite of AJ's cigars!
La Herencia Cubana Oscuro Fuerte,5 out of 5,La Herencia Oscuro Fuerte Toro,Love these. For me Toro is the size I prefer.
La Herencia Cubana Oscuro Fuerte,5 out of 5,Excellent full body cigar.,Excellent full body cigar.
La Herencia Cubana Oscuro Fuerte,4 out of 5,Nice Affordable Strong Smoke,They burn well and are on the strong end. I love AJ Fernandez products and this smoke is no different. A bargain too.
La Herencia Cubana Oscuro Fuerte,4 out of 5,Solid Smoke,"Was apprehensive at first but this is a ""Solid Smoke."" It has very good flavor from beginning to end and has already become a regular for me!!!"
La Herencia Cubana Oscuro Fuerte,5 out of 5,La herencia cubano,Perfect
La Herencia Cubana Oscuro Fuerte,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke. Just wish you wouldn't run out so quick.
La Herencia Cubana Oscuro Fuerte,5 out of 5,Great,They are a full body cigar. I recommend them.
La Herencia Cubana Oscuro Fuerte,4 out of 5,What were they thinking,"I'm always looking for a good everyday stick, so I thought I would give these a try, I was suprised to find great flavor and quality construction for such an affordable price"
La Herencia Cubana Oscuro Fuerte,4 out of 5,Satisfying,"This cigar quickly became one of my must haves in the old humidor. The price is spot on as well. All in, it is a great daily cigar that satisfies the palette well."
La Herencia Cubana Oscuro Fuerte,5 out of 5,Bang for buck,This stick just can't be beat for the price. They are very well constructed with no soft spots. Just a beautiful cigar that are just as good or better than ones I've paid 5 x's as much for!😁
La Herencia Cubana Oscuro Fuerte,5 out of 5,Consistent!,Extremely good/sturdy construction and excellent draw on these cigars. I will reorder.
La Herencia Cubana Oscuro Fuerte,5 out of 5,Fuerte means powerful,Tremendous full strength smoke. Toros were excellent. Explode in your head power.
La Herencia Cubana Oscuro Fuerte,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
La Herencia Cubana Oscuro Fuerte,5 out of 5,I liked it very much,Great flavor. Glad I tried this.
La Herencia Cubana Oscuro Fuerte,4 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar rich flavor smooth smoke good price
La Herencia Cubana Oscuro Fuerte,4 out of 5,Good stuff!,"Nice draw and a tasty oscuro...
Excellent cigar for the price."
La Herencia Cubana Oscuro Fuerte,5 out of 5,top notch cigar.,"Great construction, consistent flavour , easy draw....just a very good and enjoyable cigar"
La Herencia Cubana Oscuro Fuerte,5 out of 5,"Good smoke, gets a little","Good smoke, gets a little hot toward the end but very good"
La Herencia Cubana Oscuro Fuerte,4 out of 5,Good strong smoke.,A full bodied blend that satisfies. I’ll buy again.
La Herencia Cubana Oscuro Fuerte,5 out of 5,Great Smoke for the $$,Good draw. A nice peppery finish. Can’t go wrong with this one for the price. Thanks CI.
La Herencia Cubana Oscuro Fuerte,5 out of 5,cigar review,a very good and mild cigar
La Herencia Cubana Oscuro Fuerte,4 out of 5,A very tasty treat,"This thing had great flavors, superior construction and burn, all in all, a wonderful smoke. I was not expecting it to be as good as it was, but was pleasantly surprised."
La Herencia Cubana Oscuro Fuerte,4 out of 5,Good smoke !,Good smoke !
La Herencia Cubana Oscuro Fuerte,5 out of 5,Little known but great smoke,This is a tasty full bodied smoke that I have come to enjoy greatly. Have tried many brands at CI over the years and continue to experiment from the big list but have to say this one has stood out as a keeper in my book. Try them out!
La Herencia Cubana Oscuro Fuerte,4 out of 5,La herencia cubano oscuro fuerte,"Excellent cigar for the money. Full bodied, not very complex."
La Herencia Cubana Oscuro Fuerte,5 out of 5,A Nice full bodied flavorful smoke,Was looking for a full bodied cigar that didn't get too harsh as if burned down...this one fits the bill nicely and am sure I will re-order
La Herencia Cubana Oscuro Fuerte,5 out of 5,Still Tasty After All These Years,"A smooth and easy draw, distinct and rich aroma and very bold finish. A great smoke after cocktails and definitely after dinner. A good hour and a half burn with zero re-lights makes these among my top three best cigars. Thanks."
La Herencia Cubana Oscuro Fuerte,5 out of 5,My favorite cigar!,I've been buying these cigars for quite a while. To me they just don't come any better. I keep a supply in the humidor at all times.
La Herencia Cubana Oscuro Fuerte,5 out of 5,Fantastic I’ll keep buying them,Fantastic I’ll keep buying them
La Herencia Cubana Oscuro Fuerte,5 out of 5,So effing spectacular,"These are so amazing. Over all just plain quality. Delicious and strong you cant go wrong. Aj Fernandez, what else can I say."
La Herencia Cubana Oscuro Fuerte,5 out of 5,Solid smoke,Been buying these for years. Great draw and a nice bold cigar. Crisp burn!
La Herencia Cubana Oscuro Fuerte,4 out of 5,One of my favorites,This is one of my favorite cigars that I always like to keep around. It’s always a good smoke especially when you consider the price tag nice medium to full body with good flavors and almost always burns very nicely. Highly recommended
La Herencia Cubana Oscuro Fuerte,5 out of 5,Tom R,"For me, an excellent cigar and a great price."
La Herencia Cubana Oscuro Fuerte,5 out of 5,Second Box,Delicious full flavor and full strength cigar. Good from the beginning until it's a nub and no harsh taste in the mouth the next morning. Good value.
La Herencia Cubana Oscuro Fuerte,5 out of 5,Primo,Choisest!
La Herencia Cubana Oscuro Fuerte,4 out of 5,Solid smoke,It’s a dry smoke like an onyx. Very good strength & construction. My taste Twain memoir moose 2.
La Herencia Cubana Oscuro Fuerte,4 out of 5,Robusto,Great cigar but I only get robustos when you don't have toros
La Herencia Cubana Oscuro Fuerte,5 out of 5,"Toro,Toro,toro!",Simple my favorite cigar
La Herencia Cubana Oscuro Fuerte,5 out of 5,"Perfect,,,just perfect","THIS,,,,my friends,,,IS,,a kickass cigar and especially at this price,,the flavor is tremendous and the burn is perfect,,,a 5 inch smoke is the perfect length for me,,I have others that are longer but I prefer the 5 inch.The tobacco they used in these is a great blend and the wrapper is tasty,,,""Nough said"
La Herencia Cubana Oscuro Fuerte,5 out of 5,They were a gift+he loved,They were a gift+he loved them!
La Herencia Cubana Oscuro Fuerte,4 out of 5,love your cigars,"although a very good smoke, i prefer the regular La Herencia Cubano, my every day smoke better."
La Herencia Cubana Oscuro Fuerte,5 out of 5,Class A,"Strong and smooth flavored stogie, worthy of many compliments."
La Herencia Cubana Oscuro Fuerte,2 out of 5,Disappointing,I am an experienced cigar smoker who knows how to properly light and maintain a cigar. I found the La Herencia to have a rather hard draw.
La Herencia Cubana Oscuro Fuerte,3 out of 5,"Good cigar, bad shape","I like the cigar, I've enjoyed them regularly. I don't however like the the shape. I only bought them because toros have been unavailable for a long time."
La Herencia Cubana Oscuro Fuerte,5 out of 5,Heritage,"What can I say,,,,,,,PERFECT"
La Herencia Cubana Oscuro Fuerte,4 out of 5,Solid and Stout,"Strength, you better have to enjoy this heavy. Great cigar, and not recommended for lightweights. This is possibly the most powerful cigar I have experienced. I had to pull over and take a breather on a road trip after lighting this bad boy following a red dot... Scary powerful. Really enjoyed the gar that night in a hot tub and it stayed in character with solid flavor for over an hour. When they say Fuerte, they mean it."
La Herencia Cubana Oscuro Fuerte,5 out of 5,trying the LaHerencia Cubana,"These are a great cigar,,,start to finish,,I received them yesterday and I have smoked 2 of them already to test the consistancy and they smoke great one after the other"
La Herencia Cubana Oscuro Fuerte,5 out of 5,LHC Robusto,"Good cigar, great flavor, smooth draw and an even burn."
La Herencia Cubana Oscuro Fuerte,5 out of 5,It's a great cigar I,It's a great cigar I will be ordering more soon thanks
La Herencia Cubana Oscuro Fuerte,5 out of 5,What a great Cigar,"When I first started smoking Cigars I would buy mine by price (cheap). I ran across these and thought..... I like the color and description. I tried a box and was hooked. I have smoked many other Cigars cheap, midrange price and a few expensive ones. I keep coming back to these and can't say enough about them. If you want a full description, look them up as Cigar International will give you the perfect description that I taste. As for the value of the Cigar! I would pay more! (don't tell them) I have several other favorites. This is the top of my list choice."
La Historia By E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,Tastes as good as it looks,"A great smoke. I love the contrast: a bold wrapper, but overall a mild smoke. Sophisticated flavor that lives up to the elegant presentation. Consistent and nuanced, right down to the nub."
La Historia By E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,E.P. Carrillo never disappoints! One of their best.
La Historia By E.P. Carrillo,4 out of 5,All where good smooth good,All where good smooth good ash
La Historia By E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,One of my top 5,One of my top 5
La Historia By E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
La Historia By E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
La Historia By E.P. Carrillo,4 out of 5,Great Flavors,I love EP Carillo Cigars! Great flavors. Easy draw. Only draw back was a bit of canoeing on the burn....
La Historia By E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,Delicious,What a treat
La Historia By E.P. Carrillo,4 out of 5,Triggered.,"Just smoked, 1st one ever. Got in a pack of “Top Ten” 2018 cigars.
Draw was comparable to Padrón, my go-to gar.
Ran some, but that could’ve been me. Watching B1G b-ball Tourney.
It evened out, and is maintaining burn and flavor.
Will definitely buy a 5 or so, seems like a great value."
La Historia By E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,Excellent medium plus,"Yummy. I Also like the LFD 400, OSOK, drew estate R9 and T52 if those hit your palate nicely then you’d like this."
La Historia By E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,EP Carrillo Does it Again!,Terrific cigar -- lots of flavor and body without being overpowering.
La Historia By E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,one of my favs!,"Buy this one! Just love it. In my top 5, if not top 3. I have 10 humidors. All full. Approx 60 different sticks. These, along with a couple of My Father are at the top! THAT good!"
La Historia By E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,carrillo,they are an excellent smoke.
La Historia By E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke!,Very nice smoke... from first light up to two inches!
La Historia By E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,One of my new favorites!,Outstanding These sticks are my absolute favorite! I cant get enough of them. The flavors are perfectly balanced and blended beautifully. Great paired with a glass of bourbon. Can’t say enough good things about the La Historia by E.P. Carrillo.
La Historia By E.P. Carrillo,4 out of 5,A good flavors and aroma,A good flavors and aroma it just seemed to burn a little quick and uneven
La Historia By E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,El Senador 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻,Excellent!!👍🏻👍🏻
La Historia By E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,Carrillo,Great!
La Historia By E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,Awesome Smoke,"Awesome smoke, beautiful easy draw with lots of smoke. Seemed medium bodied to me. The bijou is still my favorite smoke, but this is a close second."
La Historia By E.P. Carrillo,4 out of 5,good cigar good flavor drawexcellent,good cigar good flavor drawexcellent
La Historia By E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,Historia,One of my favorites-purchased several times
La Historia By E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,Great smoke,A favorite.
La Historia By E.P. Carrillo,4 out of 5,Pérez Carrillo,Good smoke. Good draw.
La Historia By E.P. Carrillo,4 out of 5,Beautiful cigar,"The whole presentation is lovely, from the box and its lining to the actual sticks themselves. I had to try one right away, but I should have known better. It was dry, didn't burn evenly and had a weird ""chemically"" taste at first.
BUT THEN.... after about 2 or 3 week nap in the humidor, they are fantastic! I would definitely buy again and make sure not to touch them for....uuummmm..... at least a month."
La Historia By E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,Very nice,Smooth cigar with a great draw and gets better as it burns.
La Historia By E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,strong and tasty,strong and tasty
La Historia By E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,Really enjoyed!,Right up my alley for s full flavor stick at a reasonable price. Thanks!
La Historia By E.P. Carrillo,3 out of 5,Perez Carrillo,"Good draw, good ash; however after smoking my tongue was affected with a slight burning sensation.
I would not reorder."
La Historia By E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,Great smoke at a great price.,Smooth smoke. No bad aftertaste!
La Historia By E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,Really good stick,Never tried but was on sale. Glad I purchased
La Historia By E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,Very Nice Smoke,First time trying and really enjoyed it. Nice taste and strength. Burns very nice and evenly. I can see why it is rated high
La Historia By E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,Great sensation,This cigar is full of flavors from beginning to the end. Silky flavor makes this one of the best in my humidor
La Historia By E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,Carrillo perfection,"These arrived in great shape. Tried to wait and let them rest for a bit in the humidor, yeah, that didn’t work. Had to try one. Was delighted by the immediate waft of chocolate/raisins and plenty of smoke. Burned cool and long. Hour and a half by the time I finished. A top shelf cigar by any means. Would match up with several different bourbons or even tea if so inclined. Great cigar. Bought 2 boxes, wish I’d picked up a couple more at the price I paid. Kudos Cigars International!! Keep up the great customer service and fast shipping!!"
La Historia By E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,It’s one of the best,It’s one of the best cigars I have ever smoke in a long time 👍👍👍
La Historia By E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,great smoke!,great smoke!
La Historia By E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,Delicious is all I can say,A really great smoke. Started out smooth with full flavor and it stayed consistent until the end. I didn't want it to end. A nice single malt with this smoke is a perfect match.
La Historia By E.P. Carrillo,4 out of 5,"Good, but not great.","Well made, decent draw. Enjoyable flavor, a little short at the end."
La Historia By E.P. Carrillo,4 out of 5,light and smooth,I really enjoy La Historia by E.P. Carillo. The mild flavor and quality wrapper makes for a great cigar while working in the yard or relaxing with a glass of red wine.
La Historia By E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Never smoke this before..this was a great smoke..good burn..enjoyed it a lot!!!
La Historia By E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,As advertised,Excellent smoke very smooth great burn good flavor
La Historia By E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,Bad Dog,Good stick
La Historia By E.P. Carrillo,4 out of 5,Pleasantly Surprised,A very smooth medium body cigar with very little bite. An enjoyable stick at a fair price. What every cigar smoker wants. Thanks
La Historia By E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"Probably one of the best cigars I have ever smoked. Great draw, even burn, and clouds of delicious smoke."
La Historia By E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,EP Carrillo,One of the best smokes I have ever had.
La Historia By E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,One of by fav's,One of by fav's
La Historia By E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,This Cigar is now in my regular Rotation. Great flavor and great finish.
La Historia By E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,FANTASTIC CIGAR,"I have really enjoyed this smoke. I thought I was pretty sophisticated, but this one expanded my appreciation."
La Historia By E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Love them.
La Historia By E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,In my top 3,One of the best. Perfect draw and flavor
La Historia By E.P. Carrillo,5 out of 5,Favorite go-to smoke,"Turns to dark chocolate in the last third, fantastic smoke"
La Mission du L'Atelier,5 out of 5,Exquisite Stick,"Exquisite - very nice cigar. The construction, aroma, burn and flavor - all top notch."
La Mission du L'Atelier,4 out of 5,Enjoyable.,"Seemed a little under-filled and light in the hand. Draw was a tad bit loose. Not as full a smoke as I expected. There is some earthiness but not overwhelmingly so. Burn was very low maintenance with few, if any, touchups. A solid, enjoyable smoke that went well with a Spanish wine."
La Mission du L'Atelier,5 out of 5,Excellent Smoke!,"Well constructed, nice even draw with a complexity of flavors. One of my favorites."
La Mission du L'Atelier,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Burns and taste great
La Mission du L'Atelier,5 out of 5,An AVO with Anise and a Superb Smoke,"I was given two of these some months ago by one of my sons. They have been sleeping in a humi for those months as I smoked other AVOs, Pardons and Olivas that I have been graced with.
Anyway, I decided to take one of these La Mission du L'Aeliers out for a spin and boy, was I impressed.
Looking over it, the construction was very good and the pig tail was a nice touch. (gives a nice reference point for cutting when you have knocked down a little too much wine).
I V cut her and took a cold draw; the draw was as good as any Padron I have done.
First light toasting was normal and it took some time to get her to glow. After that, every draw I took from start to finish was a thing of beauty.
If it wasn't for the slightest hint of anise, which I liked in this cigar, I would of thought I was smoking some of my AVOs.
This cigar burns cool all the way through and it is nub smoking material 100 percent.
I immediately ordered a 5 pack after smoking this one and mentally kicked myself for waiting so long to smoke one of these.
The La Mission du L'Atelier will be a staple in my humidors for sometime and at their price point, they are a steal."
La Mission du L'Atelier,5 out of 5,Harsh,"I have smoked three of the five pack and each one was extremely harsh tasting. In fact, the last cigar I fired up was so bad I threw it out after five minutes."
La Mission du L'Atelier,4 out of 5,Worth it.,"leaves just a bit to be desired, but a definitely solid smoke."
La Mission du L'Atelier,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke!,"Great taste from start to finish. Creamy and sweet about half way in. Draw, burn and taste wonderful. Wife even said it smelled good!!"
La Mission du L'Atelier,5 out of 5,Well Deseving of its Spot on the Top 25 list,"I'd have to say that the previous reviewer (Jim S.) hit it right on the head. Love this smoke, lots of chocolate and espresso turning into a leatheriness. One of my favorites from this years top 25."
La Mission du L'Atelier,4 out of 5,Good service,Exactly what I asked for when u asked for it
La Mission du L'Atelier,4 out of 5,"Complex, tasty, and future looks great.","Picked this up on the word of my local B&M owner. The construction, look, and feel of the cigar was great. The super dark wrapper looks good enough to eat. Heck, even the band looks cool. While the draw was a bit tight, it burned razor sharp all along and I got over an hour out of the robusto.
The foot smoke on this cigar smells fantastic. First draws were peppery, slightly sweet with bitter cocoa. 10 mins in the pepper had faded and I was left with mostly coffee and cocoa. As she progressed, you could see the oils released from the wrapper, and it took on some leathery/woody notes through the nose with that base of coffee all the way through. Towards the end, a little strength kicked in. I enjoyed this with a coffee, cream, and sugar drink. Great combo.
I would buy this cigar again, but probably let it sit for a good 6 mo to a year to let it blend and smooth out just a bit."
La Palina Black Label,5 out of 5,Vrey good value!!!,Vrey good value!!!
La Palina Black Label,5 out of 5,Dark Chocolate,"This is one of my favorites, the flavors are deep deep rich. I'll always keep these in the humidor.."
La Palina Black Label,5 out of 5,Black Gold,"Great cigar overall, nice complexity on each 1/3 of the cigar. LP has consistently constructed great cigars and I couldn’t be happier."
La Palina Black Label,5 out of 5,Speedy service!!!,Ordered (2) boxes of cigars and they were processed and delivered much more quickly than I was expecting. I will continue to buy my 'sticks' from CI.
La Palina Blue Label,5 out of 5,Excellent!,Excellent!
La Palina Blue Label,4 out of 5,Great Smoke,Great Smoke
La Palina Blue Label,4 out of 5,Nice little smoke,"When I first lit this, there was a nice sage-like aroma, and I detected earthy, leather. Then definite spice and pepper at the back of my throat.
Not 5 stars as there were issues with even burn and I had to correct it several times."
La Palina Blue Label,4 out of 5,Good everyday smoke not to,"Good everyday smoke not to heavy, not to light, good value"
La Palina Blue Label,5 out of 5,Great Stick,Great mid-day or Evening Smoke. Nice and full flavored with some peppery notes to it. Good draw consistently throughout the stick as well as burn. Very similar to a Don Peppin Blue
La Palina Bronze Label,5 out of 5,Excellent,"Love this one. Great flavor and medium bodied
This cigar never disappoints"
La Palina Bronze Label,5 out of 5,Well balanced and constructed. Excellent,"Well balanced and constructed. Excellent cigar for morning, afternoon and evening."
La Palina Bronze Label,3 out of 5,Just okay,Just okay
La Palina Bronze Label,4 out of 5,Very nice,A good premium stick to add to your inventory. Very well made and a nice draw. Just a hair over medium strength and tasty.
La Palina Bronze Label,3 out of 5,Some not so hot,When they burned straight they had a nice draw. Too many of them burned bad.
La Palina Bronze Label,3 out of 5,Just Decent,"Decent flavor, decent burn, that's all."
La Palina Bronze Label,5 out of 5,Very nice cigar. A pleasure,Very nice cigar. A pleasure to smoke!
La Palina Bronze Label,3 out of 5,1 FOR 3,"AVG .333, EXCELLENT FOR A MLB PLAYER, BUT JUST OK FOR A CIGAR. BOUGHT A 5 PACK, AND SMOKED 3. THE FIRST ONE THERE WAS NO PROBLEMS. THE SECOND ONE THE OUTSIDE WRAPPER UNRAVELED, AND HAD STEMS IN IT, AND THE BURN WAS UNEVEN. THE THIRD ONE HAD STEMS IN IT AND THE BURN WAS UNEVEN. I GIVE IT 3 STARS BECAUSE THE TASTE WAS PRETTY GOOD ON ALL 3."
La Palina Bronze Label,5 out of 5,La Palina bronze,"If you haven't tried any of the La Palina line you're missing out on some real creative cigar genius and the bronze label is just incredible. Very smooth yet a big flavor profile, burns even and stays consistent post first inch, well worth every penny!! What are you waiting for??"
La Palina Classic Connecticut,3 out of 5,La Palina Classic Connecticut,"Received a couple of these for COTM. It’s a descent Connecticut and gets a bit tastier at halfway. Well constructed with an even burn, but I’m not a big Connecticut fan, so..."
La Palina Classic Connecticut,5 out of 5,Good smoke!,Great burn and taste right to the finger burning nun. A pleasant surprise based on a recommendation.
La Palina Classic Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great smoke for the price,Great smoke for the price
La Palina Classic Connecticut,3 out of 5,never again,They were suppose to be noteworthy...…...well they are not. I will not touch the brand again. I learned my lesson previously so no need to repeat. But this cigar had a flavor profile I have noticed is characteristic of that which is less than.
La Palina Classic Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great Sleeper,"Very enjoyable Cigar,and with the price and Service from CI it's a Triple Crown Winner"
La Palina Classic Connecticut,5 out of 5,nice smoke,LaPalina is one of my go to cigars.
La Palina Classic Connecticut,4 out of 5,Strong smoke,This cigar packs a punch and drys the mouth.
La Palina Classic Maduro,5 out of 5,Nice smoke,Nice smoke
La Palina Classic Maduro,5 out of 5,A evert day smoke for maduro!,"Excellent draw for a medium priced cigar. Flavor goes from chocolate, mild pepper. Very good every day smoke for maduro lover like me!"
La Palina Classic Maduro,2 out of 5,Young and bold,"Tried these out last order. I feel as though they could use humidor time before they are smoked. Second one I tried on a long drive. At about 40% it started going out. I took several draws on it to keep it going- within a minute I experienced difficulty in concentrating on the road, and an anxiety to pull over immediately. I was seriously scared. I peeled off at the next exit and downed a pint of water, followed by a 20 minute chill. Got back on the road without any other effects. I drive a lot- love it, but never had this happen before. Perhaps the strength rating was under estimated- I generally stay in the 75 percentile on the CI scale."
La Palina Classic Maduro,4 out of 5,A good daily smoke,"Very surprised how smooth for a maduro.The gordos,imho,full flavor than the smaller ring sizes.Reason it don't get 5 stars,Avo's are my favorites.Other than that these go great when I have my morning coffee.Will get more soon."
La Palina Classic Maduro,5 out of 5,Hopefull these will stay around,"These cigars aren't in full production just yet but I sincerely hope that changes soon. I first got a box when the ""Phantom blends"" were dropped just prior to the new FDA regulations back in August and let me tell you these things are fantastic!
Ton's of thick smoke and the quality flavors we've come to expect from La Palina. These are well worth the price and are a cigar you could easily smoke every day. Thanks for carrying them and I will be buying more very soon."
La Palina Classic Natural,4 out of 5,La Palina Classic Natural Robusto,"Nice construction, tight but consistent draw. Leather, hay flavors. Lower smoke output."
La Palina Classic Natural,5 out of 5,great,great
La Palina Classic Natural,5 out of 5,Good taste and burns nice,Good taste and burns nice cigar
La Palina Classic Natural,5 out of 5,Smooth burn,These guys are very nice and smooth. Great quality smokes for a great price!
La Palina Classic Natural,4 out of 5,Robusto,I really like this cigar and the test
La Palina Classic Natural,5 out of 5,"Very nice, even burn","Very nice, even burn"
La Palina Classic Natural,4 out of 5,Would buy again 👍🏾,Would buy again 👍🏾
La Palina Classic Natural,4 out of 5,smooth mild smoke. considering ordering,smooth mild smoke. considering ordering again
La Palina Classic Natural,4 out of 5,Great draw. Good flavor. Terrific,Great draw. Good flavor. Terrific buy for the money.
La Palina Classic Natural,4 out of 5,La Palina,Got a little heady for my liking.
La Palina Classic Natural,3 out of 5,Good but not great.,"If not for the perfume taste that hits you right at the end of the draw, this would be an awesome cigar."
La Palina Classic Natural,4 out of 5,Had a smooth draw and,Had a smooth draw and a good flavor. They burned even and didn't have to relight them.
La Palina Classic Natural,4 out of 5,nice smoke,"LaPalina Classic is an all around good smoke. Taste is smooth til the end. Burn at times uneven and a bit of a pain but, overall a good smoke for the money."
La Palina Classic Natural,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar would recommend to,Excellent cigar would recommend to all.
La Palina Classic Natural,4 out of 5,Mellow smoke. Good draw. Solid,Mellow smoke. Good draw. Solid
La Palina Classic Natural,4 out of 5,Very smooth,Very smooth
La Palina Classic Natural,4 out of 5,Good cigar,"Good flavor, good price, good consistent manufacture."
La Palina Classic Natural,4 out of 5,Nice puff,Very nice and mild cigar. Would buy again.
La Palina Classic Natural,4 out of 5,Ok. A bit loosely made.,Ok. A bit loosely made.
La Palina Classic Natural,3 out of 5,A decent stick,For the price a pretty decent stick
La Palina Classic Natural,5 out of 5,La Palina Classic Natural,"Well constructed, even burn, easy draw. A very tasty medium bodied cigar. For the price a very good cigar."
La Palina Classic Rosado,4 out of 5,Smooth,Lights well draws well smokes well made well !
La Palina Classic Rosado,5 out of 5,Love Rosado,"If you've never tried rosado wrappers, here's your chance. To me, they seem to smoke cooler for some reason, making for a smooth smoke. Well-constructed and burning, also."
La Palina Classic Rosado,5 out of 5,Love it,First time. A nice aroma
La Palina Classic Rosado,4 out of 5,Great smoke. Very smooth.,Great smoke. Very smooth.
La Palina Classic Rosado,5 out of 5,Nice smoke all the way,Nice smoke all the way through!
La Palina Classic Rosado,5 out of 5,New Go To Cigar,"Mild, creamy, flavorful."
La Palina El Ano 1896 Oscuro,5 out of 5,Wow!,"Love these sticks. Well made, and the flavor is out of this world! Will order again very soon!"
La Palina El Ano 1896 Oscuro,5 out of 5,La Palina Oscuro is a fine cigar.,I had never tried the La Palina cigars and was quite pleased after I did. They are well made nice draw and ash and the flavor is satisfying to the palette.
La Palina El Diario,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"Good cigar when you get it into the humi and at the RH you like, but if you give this cigar 6 months to a year then it's fantastic."
La Palina El Diario,5 out of 5,Dancing with Diario,This is a great smoke. Tons of flavor but no harshness. Very even smooth burn.
La Palina El Diario,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,I bought these because of their size..a nice quick smoke...however I was surprised at how amazing and slow burn these are..truely a gem
La Palina El Diario,4 out of 5,La Palina,Very smooth. Burns cool. Nice flavor
La Palina El Diario,5 out of 5,El Diario means daily and I do it daily!!,"First, it is a great looking cigar and it smokes even better than it looks. Excellent construction, perfect draw, layer on layer of flavor. Spicy/Sweet but
creamy smooth. If you like some strength but not at the expense of flavor this is a stick to try. Not too hard on the wallet either. LaPalina may just be the all
around best brand in the industry in my opinion."
La Palina El Diario,5 out of 5,Flawless and timely delivery,My box of La Palinas were received in perfect condition and in the time promised. Great service as always from Cigars International.
La Palina Family Series,3 out of 5,Taste bud frenzy!,"Good quality cigar. Just a bit too spicy/pepper for me! Vanilla, cream, pepper and spice! But I still enjoy them"
La Palina Family Series,5 out of 5,A perfect special occassions cigar that will never dissappoint.,"This is an excellent cigar for special occasions. Rich creamy smoke with hints of cinnamon, nuts, and very light pepper. The cigar burns smooth and even. It tastes great with a top shelf whiskey, rum, or scotch. Its price prevents it from being a daily smoke for most people, but if you are looking for an amazing high quality and great tasting cigar that will not be too bold for some or to light for others, this is the perfect cigar for those special occasions."
La Palina Fuego Verde,5 out of 5,great,surprisingly smooth and tasty
La Palina Fuego Verde,4 out of 5,Medium smoke,Definitely a medium cigar. Burns good all the way through. Wrapper is only lead that is green.
La Palina Fuego Verde,4 out of 5,Good smoke,"Lots of green tea sweetness, some grassy and cedar notes with a hint of leather and white pepper throughout."
La Palina Fuego Verde,4 out of 5,Very easy draw and good,Very easy draw and good flavor
La Palina Fuego Verde,5 out of 5,Pleasantly surprised!,"I originally picked this up at the Big Smoke in Vegas last year and I have to say I was pleasantly surprised at how much I enjoyed this smoke. Not ever having smoked a candela before I didn’t know what to expect. What I got was a very smooth, creamy and luxurious smoke with subtle complexity. I bought some more to see if it was a fluke and it was not. This is a straight up nice smoke when you’re in the mood to pet your palate. It should be noted that I am almost exclusivly a maduro fan, so for this smoke to catch my attention says something!"
La Palina Goldie,5 out of 5,Amazing!!,One of the BEST cigars I've ever had. Amazing!
La Palina Illumination,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,"I love Lanceros and this is a tasty, go-to cigar."
La Palina Maduro,5 out of 5,Very nuanced smoke,Lots of intriguing flavor changes during the smoke. I will buy again.
La Palina Maduro,4 out of 5,Very Pleasant Robusto,Well constructed with a great draw. Very pleasant. I would consider ordering again. Especially with free shipping.
La Palina Maduro,5 out of 5,Good smoke. Thanks. Wish they,Good smoke. Thanks. Wish they were on sale again
La Palina Maduro,4 out of 5,"An excellent, low cost cigar.","I'm not one for strong cigars, but this one clocked in at my limit and I am glad that I enjoy them. They are reasonably priced, and burn rather well, so very happy with this purchase."
La Palina Maduro,5 out of 5,A pleasant surprise!,"Great smoke, I will order more."
La Palina Maduro,5 out of 5,Nice Lady on Band.,"very good stick. easy draw, great nutty chocolate earthy even flavors, good burn, did not have to re-light. will smoke again. recommend! i think ric ocasek would agree."
La Palina Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent flavor,These are an excellent addition to any collection. A medium full profile with a nice finish.
La Palina Maduro,5 out of 5,excellent smoke!,very good.
La Palina Maduro,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
La Palina Maduro,3 out of 5,I like it.,"I like it, but in comparison to other Maduros I really like, or love, it's not quite there."
La Palina Maduro,4 out of 5,Very good,Very good
La Palina Maduro,4 out of 5,La Palina Maduro,"They are Good,just ""Almost "" Great,but then I'm tasting Lime zest in my Maduro. Would've given it 5 stars without the Citrus flavor"
La Palina Maduro,4 out of 5,smooth stick,Creamy full smoke.
La Palina Maduro,5 out of 5,one of my favorites,one of my favorites
La Palina Maduro,5 out of 5,Solid stick,"This cigar is solid. Meaty from the start, and I would definitely purchase again."
La Palina Maduro,4 out of 5,Coastal musings,Excellent construction. Very flavorful with almost a molasses touch. I prefer a little more strength in a cigar however for first of the day very good not so much after dinner. For those preferring a medium strength this is one of the best I could recommend.
La Palina Mr. Sam,5 out of 5,One of my favorites,rarely buy boxes i like samplers different tastes...but this cigar is awesome have bought a box three times already
La Palina Mr. Sam,5 out of 5,outstanding,outstanding
La Palina Mr. Sam,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,Excellent cigar
La Palina Nicaragua Connecticut,5 out of 5,"The cigar burns easily, lasts","The cigar burns easily, lasts a good long time, draws smoothly, and was just my kind of cigar. I loved it."
La Palina Nicaragua Connecticut,5 out of 5,One of the best Connecticut's out there,"Like everyone I have my favorite brands but I do liking gambit a shot at a brand I've never smoked especially when CI is running a special. La Palina has shot up to the top of my favorites.Particularly impressed with its construction and burn. The other day I turned to my partner in the golf course and said ""I love this cigar"". He's not a smoker and could care less but I said it anyway."
La Palina Nicaragua Oscuro,3 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
La Palina Nicaragua Oscuro,5 out of 5,Loved it,"Been trying several different cigars lately, really enjoyed this one. Great flavor and smoke"
La Palina Nicaragua Oscuro,4 out of 5,Not bad.,"Taste's good, decent construction. I can't complain."
La Palina Nicaragua Oscuro,5 out of 5,LaPalina Oscuro,"Really, really good!"
La Palina Nicaragua Oscuro,5 out of 5,LaPalina Nicaraguan Oscuro,Another fine gem from LaPalina. This stick gets right down to business from first light. Very well balanced and smooth yet it’s a big cigar flavor wise. It had some minor burning issues but really not too bad.
La Palina Nicaragua Oscuro,5 out of 5,"Great taste from start,burn even,smell","Great taste from start,burn even,smell great. Spice,pepper not over powering"
La Palina Nicaragua Oscuro,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,Rich and flavorful but not overpowering. A solid medium-to-full with a great draw and perfect volume of smoke. The influence of AJ Fernandez is noticeably present.
La Palina Nicaragua Oscuro,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
La Palina Nicaragua Oscuro,4 out of 5,Cigars,"Cigars are moderate to full bodied with a smooth draw and great taste.
Will definitely order them again.
Great price too!"
La Palina Nicaragua Oscuro,3 out of 5,Very Strong,"The cigar was well made, burned OK. this cigar is for those who like a VERT full smoke. It was out of the range of my enjoyment. I did like the fact it was made to the standard of quality cigars. I learned I was a medium to medium-light kind of a guy. This cigar is not for the faint of heart."
La Palina Nicaragua Oscuro,5 out of 5,Aj does it again,"La palina, aj fernandez, enough said"
La Palina Nicaragua Oscuro,4 out of 5,Evening Smoke,The La Palina Nicaragua Oscuro Toro was and is a very good cigar. The taste was easy on the palate. The burn was even and did not require relighting. I am very happy that I purchased a box of this particular cigar and look forward to my next one up.
La Palina No. 1,5 out of 5,I love it!!!,"This is a tasty smoke. Right in the middle of the flavor profile, just as stated in the description. Perfect for me as an everyday after work relaxer. Super smooth."
La Palina No. 1,5 out of 5,LP 1,"Great cigar, smooth, creamy, a totally unexpected bomb! I figured it would be good but, not this good. With the plethora of cigar options out there, this is a hidden gem worth exploring!"
La Palina No. 1,4 out of 5,"Unique blend, great cigar.",Very nice smoke. I prefer Dominican cigar usually but this blend I’d really unique. Peppery for the first quarter inch and switches to a mellow creamy middle section. The finish brings flavors of wood and nuts. Great stick especially for the price.
La Palina No. 2,4 out of 5,"Good flavor, nice burn, and","Good flavor, nice burn, and the price was right."
La Palina No. 2,5 out of 5,Great draw with a slight woodsy taste.,Burns well and a nice smoky taste.
La Palina No. 2,5 out of 5,awesome,awesome
La Palina Paley's Vault,5 out of 5,Mild flavor,Great smoke even burn
La Palina Paley's Vault,5 out of 5,**Great Everyday Smoke**,**Great Everyday Smoke** Mild and Smooth
La Palina Paley's Vault,5 out of 5,**Great Everyday Smoke**,**Great Everyday Smoke** Mild and Smooth
La Palina Paley's Vault,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Excellent smoke for the price.
La Palina Paley's Vault,5 out of 5,"So, what am I gonna do with 20 glass tubes?","These cigars are quite flavorful; even my rather unsophisticated pallet can discern notes of cedar and a bit of sweetness in the smoke. The construction is good, and delivers an even draw throughout."
La Palina Paley's Vault,3 out of 5,Nothing special,Nothing special
La Palina Paley's Vault,5 out of 5,A Great Every Day Smoke,"The Paley's Vault Toro has a smooth, medium flavor profile, with plenty aromatic cedar notes, as well as leather notes. You will want to smoke it down to a nub, and it won't bite even then. My only other comment is: "" What am I going to do with all these glass tubes?"""
La Palina Paley's Vault,4 out of 5,Aan interesting smoke,A nice medium bodied smoke with a health dose of leather and earth flavors. Well constructed with a nice draw although a somewhat uneven burn which is surprising since they are packaged individually in glass tubes.
La Palina Paley's Vault,4 out of 5,Good cigar,"I've only smoked 3 so far. First one was a little loose, but burned well. The other 2 have been firm and burned evenly. Very good cigar. I can't describe all the flavor nuances, but if you like a medium strength cigar, I don't think you will be disappointed."
La Palina Red Label,5 out of 5,Great 💨💨,Great 💨💨
La Palina Red Label,4 out of 5,Well balanced,"Wonderful cigar with a beautiful balance of flavors, smoke, and mouth feel. This is a medium bodied profile stick. The Robusto size allows for a good draw for the amount of fill.
Value at any price, but even better when you catch them on sale!"
La Palina Red Label,5 out of 5,i would I would by,"i would
I would by it agian"
La Palina Red Label,4 out of 5,Smooth,Very nice cigar. Nice draw and just a nice overall experience
La Palina Red Label,5 out of 5,Great one!,Enjoyed this pack...even easy burn.
La Palina Red Label,3 out of 5,It was ok,It was ok
La Palina Red Label,3 out of 5,Decent,"Smoked about 15 so far and none burned even and they need to be re lit once or twice. Keep at 70 and my other brands burn well. But alot of smoke, good flavor, reminds me of a la gloria. Stars off very spicy and smooths out quickly."
La Palina Red Label,5 out of 5,One of my all time favorites.,"I really love this cigar. The oily wrapper, the strength, flavor and aroma. The only minus is an un-even burn which I am completely willing to put up with, because of all the ++++'s"
La Palina Red Label,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Great Cigar
La Palina Red Label,5 out of 5,Red label toro is the bomb !!!,"My fav smoke ! Distinct flavor bomb with nice construction, burn & everything else. My go to cigar by far !"
La Palina Red Label,5 out of 5,good cigar,well worthy of the price.
La Palina Red Label,5 out of 5,Good cigar and great price,I wanted to try these and picked some up on a special from CI . Pleasant and tasty medium bodied smoke. Good consistency in construction as well. Give them a try !
La Palina Red Label,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,"I am a big fan of this cigar. Its got a nice even burn which is a big plus.
For the price you can't beat it I still have a few in my humidor its a great morning smoke with some coffee or tea."
La Palina Red Label,4 out of 5,Great flavor,The flavors really are prominent probably my 2nd .choice in a daily stick.
La Palina Red Label,3 out of 5,So-So,"Okay cigar regarding construction and draw, but that's about it. Very bland tasting and not really impressive at all."
La Palina Red Label,1 out of 5,One of the worst cigars I've ever gotten from CI,"One of the worst cigars I've ever gotten from CI. Harsh, dry, wouldn't stay lit. I smoked 5-6 of them and then through the rest away."
La Palina Red Label,4 out of 5,"Mild, and good burning","Mild, and good burning"
La Palina Red Label,2 out of 5,My husband said they were,"My husband said they were too wet, really didn’t like them at all."
La Palina Red Label,5 out of 5,Hidden Gem,When you think about boutique cigar brands LA Palina is not the first one you think of but definitely should be on your list. Nicely structured and has strong flavors. Definetly enjoyed it.
La Palina Red Label,5 out of 5,La Palina Red Label,"What can I say, for those of you who have not tried these you are missing out. these will become a staple in my collection."
La Palina Red Label,5 out of 5,La Palma,Very nice small cigar. Great for the evening dog walk. Smooth and good burn.
La Palina Red Label,5 out of 5,La Palina Red Label,Quality and Price were outstanding. One of the finest cigars I had the pleasure of lighting up.
La Palina Red Label,5 out of 5,Great Value on La Palina,This was a great price for a great cigar. I should have bought more than one box!
La Palina Red Label,4 out of 5,Enjoyable,Wonderfull smoke from start to finish.
La Palina Red Label,5 out of 5,Nice Smokes,"I found this brand to have a good draw, with an even burn."
La Palina Red Label,5 out of 5,Well worth it,"Great flavor,great burn new favorite cigar"
La Palina Red Label,3 out of 5,DOS Not burneven,DOS Not burneven
La Palina Red Label,5 out of 5,LaPalina Red Label Gordo,These are phenomenal cigars and also the price! Great job CI!!
La Palina Red Label,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"Great construction and flavor. Pair with
bourbon "
La Palina Red Label,4 out of 5,Great cigar,I couldn't pass up the sale price on these beauties.Very tasty and unique.
La Palina Red Label,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"Nice and smooth, burns even, very nice cigar."
La Palina Red Label,3 out of 5,Not so good,I would consider this cigar far from a mild to medium. Burn is uneven. Will be glad when they are gone. Many better cigars out there for this price.
La Palina Red Label,5 out of 5,La Palina Red Label Toro,Really nice cigar. Good for sharing with a good buddy instead of the less expensive ones I smoke regularly!
La Palina Red Label,3 out of 5,Spice and pepper,A lot of spice and pepper and very smooth.
La Palina Regal Reserve Connecticut,4 out of 5,good tail,flavor throughout. slow burn not bad for the price good tail
La Palina Regal Reserve Connecticut,5 out of 5,A Fine Mellow Smoke,"After having tried the Palina Vault offering, I couldn't resist a great deal on the RR Connecticut Robustos. Although I've a weak spot for Maduro wrappers, and medium flavor profile cigars, sometimes a lighter smoke is a welcomed break.
These sticks have terrific flavor, with hints of wood, and a mild very slightly sweet finish. I think they are terrific."
La Palina Regal Reserve Connecticut,4 out of 5,"Good taste, excellent bargain","Good taste, excellent bargain"
La Palina Regal Reserve Connecticut,4 out of 5,La Palina Regal Reserve,"Nice stogie, very enjoyable."
La Palina Regal Reserve Connecticut,5 out of 5,Very smooth. Great cigar.,Very smooth. Great cigar.
La Palina Regal Reserve Connecticut,3 out of 5,Dry and harsh,"Nice looking cigar well constructed and packaged.
To be truthful I smoked one as soon as I received the box and it was not as pleasant as anticipated. However since I noticed their condition I'm letting them hydrate in my humidor and hopefully they will improve !
suggestion: have them put a Boveda pad in the box"
La Palina Regal Reserve Connecticut,5 out of 5,"Smooth, Elegant and Flavorful Cigar","La Palina Regal Reserve Connecticut Churchill is a Smooth, Elegant and Flavorful Cigar. It starts out mellow with plenty of flavorful and aromatic smoke, and gradually moves to a medium strength. Well constructed with an easy draw and even burn throughout - right down to a one inch nub. Highly recommended. Ron S"
La Palina Regal Reserve Connecticut,5 out of 5,"Nice heater. smooth, nice burn,","Nice heater. smooth, nice burn, tight! Will order again."
La Palina Regal Reserve Connecticut,5 out of 5,Surprisingly good smoke for the,Surprisingly good smoke for the money. I should have bought two at the price!
La Palina Regal Reserve Connecticut,4 out of 5,La Paloma CT,"This is a mild-Med stick. The CT wrapper
Makes for a very smooth Draw. There is a little spice, like white pepper. Also some chocolate . A very relaxing, creamy smoke."
La Palina Regal Reserve Habano,3 out of 5,La Palina Regal Reserve,"Well worth the discounted price. Solid smoke, nice burn, medium strength"
La Palina Regal Reserve Habano,5 out of 5,La Palina habano Robusto,Good cigar. Good flavor and well balanced. I will buy it again when on sale.
La Palina Regal Reserve Habano,4 out of 5,Great smoke for the price,Great smoke for the price
La Palina Regal Reserve Habano,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar great purchase,Excellent smoke smooth flavorful and long lasting Burma’s great ...
La Palina Regal Reserve Habano,5 out of 5,Awesome smooth taste,Awesome smooth taste
La Palina Regal Reserve Habano,4 out of 5,Great smoke,Smooth with a solid medium bodie.
La Palina Regal Reserve Oscuro,5 out of 5,"Great smoke, excellent price!","Great smoke, excellent price!"
La Palina Regal Reserve Oscuro,5 out of 5,OUTSTANDING!,"I’ve done many reviews for CI and every time its all about flavor with me. I’ll deal with uneven burns, construction flaws, and so forth. This cigar has got tons of flavor! Actually woke my palette up! Will definitely purchase again!"
La Palina Regal Reserve Oscuro,4 out of 5,Big Boy Smoke,"Very smooth, very full flavored. Not for Connecticut wrapper occasional tasters. Great price on special. I would highly recommend."
La Palina Regal Reserve Oscuro,5 out of 5,Another winner from La Palina,"I saw them on sale so I tried. They are tasty medium bodied
with traditional maduro flavors. Nice burn and draw from all I've tried so far. For me a great morning cigar! Enjoy!"
La Palina Regal Reserve Oscuro,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Enjoy them!
La Palina Regal Reserve Oscuro,5 out of 5,Great deal for the money.,Great deal for the money. Smooth smoke. Burns well.
La Palina Regal Reserve Oscuro,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Consistent through the box. Not stellar but good flavor profile and even draw/burn. I’d buy them again at that price!
La Perla Habana 1515,4 out of 5,great cigar for the price,A lot of great flavor for the price point
La Perla Habana 1515,5 out of 5,Can not say I like,Can not say I like to have them in my humidor for at lest 3 mouths befor I smoke one
La Perla Habana 1515,4 out of 5,"Spicy at the beginning, then creamy.","Highly
Suggested. Open spicy then smooth it up.
Medium body. Kinda peppery then earthy and creamy. Good smoke for a great value"
La Perla Habana 1515,5 out of 5,Elite smoke you’ll enjoy till the end...,"High quality smoke — despite the cap fracturing off & uneven burn. A meaty profile, much more so than the 50/52 gauge indicates. I was pleasantly surprised at the pleasing taste, fragrant aroma, and rich flavor. Definitely would enjoy this in a lengthier vitola, as I didn’t want it to end. Easily rivals non-Habano premiums."
La Perla Habana 1515,5 out of 5,La perla habana 1515 cigars,The order came in quickly and the cigars were in Excellent smoking condition upon arrival
La Perla Habana 1515,4 out of 5,Great smoke.,Very well constructed. Smooth draw and nice burn. Arrived a little on the dry side.
La Perla Habana 1515,4 out of 5,Great smoke packaging exstrodinere still,Great smoke packaging exstrodinere still waiting for my back order of La Perla Maduas6/buy 50. Great service you proviide thanks. I’ll find the perfect cigar one day. 🥳
La Perla Habana 1515,4 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
La Perla Habana 1515,5 out of 5,La Perla habana 1515 review,"First it has a good draw . It’s a excellent cigar, the first second and third parts are all great!"
La Perla Habana 1515,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Smooth and tastes great!
La Perla Habana 1515,5 out of 5,LaPerla Habana 1515 Robusto,"I always like La Perla cigars. Habana has a good draw and taste. Good everyday cigar, Will buy again."
La Perla Habana 1515,4 out of 5,A solid flavorful smoke.,"Good construction, with ample amounts of full bodied flavors. Definitely a buy again, definently a look for vs a oh hey there it is."
La Perla Habana 1515,5 out of 5,Very Nice!,"First off, I was very impressed with the gorgeous box. Its a work of art. The have become one of my favorite everyday smokes. I generally prefer the rojos as they are more full bodied, but these are more complex. Very enjoyable"
La Perla Habana 1515,4 out of 5,Good taste and draw,"Tastes good, draws easy."
La Perla Habana 1515,5 out of 5,Easily among my new favorites,Extremely tasty with long finish on the palate. Packs a punch. Good draw and burn.
La Perla Habana 1515,5 out of 5,La Perla Habana,Love these cigars!!
La Perla Habana 1515,4 out of 5,not too bad,"Good smoke, had a very Oaky core"
La Perla Habana 1515,5 out of 5,For my boyfriend,Tony really enjoys this collection
La Perla Habana 1515,5 out of 5,DO YOURSELF A FAVOR!,"yo stop playing and get on this! I have smoked 30 cigars that are not this good. its a must grab. trust me you won't be disappointed. sits right with the right bourbon too, you will be winning. cheers!"
La Perla Habana 1515,4 out of 5,Robusto,Great cigar
La Perla Habana 1515,5 out of 5,All around great cigar.,"Just got my second box of these, and although they are a little pricey for a daily smoke for me, they still represent a great value. In my opinion they taste better and have a better aroma than most cigars costing twice as much. When I have the time to just relax for an hour or so and enjoy a fine smoke I now reach for a 1515."
La Perla Habana 1515,5 out of 5,Enjoyable Leaf,Enjoyable Leaf
La Perla Habana 1515,4 out of 5,Very smooth and long lasting,Very smooth and long lasting
La Perla Habana 1515,5 out of 5,Great smoke! Great value!,"Perfect draw, full, creamy smoke. Highly recommend and love the packaging."
La Perla Habana 1515,5 out of 5,Thumbs Up!,"When non-Cuban cigar ads say ""Cubanesque"" I usually laugh out loud. I am not laughing about this cigar--it really has that Cuban (R&J) depth and flavor to it when smoked slowly. Highly recommended."
La Perla Habana 1515,4 out of 5,"Really nice for the price,,good value for your $$.","This is nice smoke,,I didnt notice the coffee or cream but the other nice ingredients are there.Well made,,nice looking cigar,,burnt well and evenly.The 151 mellowed out a bit after a few minutes and was a nice medium profile.The aroma is not strong and the tastes are not harsh or bold.Towards the end they do get stronger,,but not too bad.This is a great after meal cigar or long lunch cigar."
La Perla Habana 1515,5 out of 5,Wowza!,"For the price, it's hard to find a flaw. The box was a beautiful presentation, easily turning heads. The construction was spot on. Easy cut, deep draw with no resistance, and a good amount of smoke on each puff. Nearly 2 inches of ash held on. Could use a little more flavor, but it is a wonderful smoke that won't break the bank."
La Perla Habana 1515,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
La Perla Habana 1515,4 out of 5,The cigars are great,The cigars are great
La Perla Habana 1515,4 out of 5,Nice medium cigar. Nice flavor,Nice medium cigar. Nice flavor
La Perla Habana 1515,5 out of 5,Worth every penny,"I was surprised by how good these are. Excellent construction, even burn, delicious to the nub."
La Perla Habana 1515,4 out of 5,A Winner,"I've usually enjoyed the other La Perla cigars that I've tried, and this is no exception."
La Perla Habana 1515,5 out of 5,Love them,Love them
La Perla Habana 1515,5 out of 5,Very enjoyable,"This was a very tasty, high quality, very fresh cigar"
La Perla Habana 1515,5 out of 5,1515 Robusto,"Probably the best La Perla cigar you can buy, is my opening remark. Pretty strong notes of dark chocolate, coffee and cedar would be one way to describe this cigar. I would grade this as a medium to full strength and flavor appeal. Great construction and burn, and a cigar to have at anytime of the day assuming you put an hour aside to enjoy it."
La Perla Habana 1515,5 out of 5,Great,Great
La Perla Habana 1515,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke would buy again
La Perla Habana 1515,5 out of 5,A find little cigar,This cigar is just the right size to enjoy the whole thing in one setting and the flavor is awesome.
La Perla Habana 1515,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Very good smoke that I will add to my collection. Nice smooth draw with a full flavor.
La Perla Habana 1515,3 out of 5,Mild but good body,"Good construction, draw, flavor is very mild to my palate, but I have been smoking maduros lately, so maybe that explains it. For the price, very smooth cigar."
La Perla Habana 1515,5 out of 5,Great flavor,Great flavor
La Perla Habana 1515,4 out of 5,nice cigar but not great,"it's a spicier smoke than normal, medium body great draw little dry pepper flavor in there, great construction. Was hoping for a little more leather and a hint of sweetness. Happy that I purchased, but will not buy again will stick with la aroma de cuba"
La Perla Habana 1515,5 out of 5,Great Smokes,Great smokes!
La Perla Habana 1515,1 out of 5,Not good,Strong/harsh and nasty after-taste. Do not recommend this cigar!
La Perla Habana 1515,5 out of 5,Better than Cubans,I can't say enough about these.. they remind me of some Cubans I had in the Dominican Republic... excellent!
La Perla Habana 1515,5 out of 5,One of my favorites,I love the taste of these. Always have.
La Perla Habana 1515,5 out of 5,1515,"Incredible cigar. Lives up to the hype. It reminds me of smoking Romeo Y Juliette (Cuban). The taste is definitely there. One of the best cigars made by A.J. that I have ever torched. If you like the taste of Cuban cigars, you'll enjoy this one."
La Perla Habana 1515,5 out of 5,Perfect quality.,Perfect quality.
La Perla Habana 1515,4 out of 5,Surprised!,Nice burn and smooth as others have said. Having one as i write this ;)
La Perla Habana 1515,4 out of 5,Surprised!,Very nice burn and smooth as others have said. Having one as i write this review ;)
La Perla Habana Black & Tan,3 out of 5,Decent little smoke,These are nice looking cigarillos. Sweet taste to the lips. Even smoke
La Perla Habana Black & Tan,5 out of 5,Pretty decent for the money....,I'm giving these a five star simply because they fit my short smoke profile... about 10-15 minutes good flavor. Great bang for the buck....
La Perla Habana Black & Tan,5 out of 5,Best small cigar,The La Perla Habana black and tan small cigars are fantastic. I always get a little excited when I reach for a La Perla Habana. I know it's going to be smooth with the rich flavor always Burns evenly from beginning to end. They're my choice.
La Perla Habana Black & Tan,5 out of 5,Good cigar for a great price,"One of my favorites, especially when I don’t have time to smoke a bigger cigar."
La Perla Habana Black & Tan,3 out of 5,Habana black and tan,"They were a good smoke, were a bit dry and burned fast but the flavor was brilliant. On another note I did think I ordered a cigar not paying attention but was happy with my mistake."
La Perla Habana Black & Tan,4 out of 5,Great tasteburns fast,They taste great with good smoke but they're rolled loose and burn hot and fast. Will buy again though.
La Perla Habana Black & Tan,3 out of 5,A little smaller than what,"A little smaller than what I was expecting .., not CI's fault."
La Perla Habana Black & Tan,5 out of 5,Good,"Smooth, quick, tasty"
La Perla Habana Black & Tan,5 out of 5,La Perla Black and Tan,"Very good, quick small cigar. It's what I wanted and got."
La Perla Habana Black & Tan,3 out of 5,La Perla habana Black & Tan,"A lot smaller cig than I thought . To me, the smoke was harsh. Will not order again!"
La Perla Habana Black & Tan,2 out of 5,A very quick smoke and,A very quick smoke and not that flavorful.
La Perla Habana Black & Tan,5 out of 5,T,These are a great quick smokes. Easy on your budget. Great taiste.
La Perla Habana Black & Tan,5 out of 5,Sweet and short,Smooth quick little smoke. Perfect for cold days .
La Perla Habana Black & Tan,5 out of 5,"Great service, honest description, great cigars",See above
La Perla Habana Black & Tan,5 out of 5,Perfect 15 minute smoke,"I've been tempted for a long time by this box of cigarillos, but didn't jump until I saw them on MMAO. Got a great deal, and they're a great 15 minute smoke break. Tasty, not ""hot"", almost like a dessert. Good smoke, good flavor."
La Perla Habana Black & Tan,3 out of 5,Price was right,O k for the money
La Perla Habana Black & Tan,5 out of 5,Awesome!,"Great little cigarillio, good tasting and very enjoyable for a quick smoke on a break."
La Perla Habana Black & Tan,2 out of 5,sloppy and tasteless,I got tobacco leaves all over my mouth. Didn't taste any sweetness.
La Perla Habana Black & Tan,1 out of 5,Buyer beware,Dry and poor taste. I can not even finish the box of them.
La Perla Habana Black & Tan,5 out of 5,SMOOTH,These cigarillos are definitely worth the price. They are quite smooth and a great bargain.
La Perla Habana Black & Tan,5 out of 5,Great Cigarillos,"I like mild cigarillos and this one is perfect, especially when you only have a few minutes to spare."
La Perla Habana Black & Tan,4 out of 5,Little Smoothy,Smooth and very nice short smoke.
La Perla Habana Black & Tan,1 out of 5,Not worth your time,There was no flavor and I would call them a 30 second cigar it was a waste of money for me.
La Perla Habana Black & Tan,5 out of 5,Good Cigarillo,"A very tasty morsel. Good for a quick smoke, but all the flavor of a cigar."
La Perla Habana Black & Tan,5 out of 5,Tasty Little Smoke,"These are quite the tasty little smoke. They burn well and have a fair amount of flavor. They are the perfect little cigar when you need your fix and just have a few minutes. If you are looking for a quick smoke that tastes somewhat like its bigger brothers, this is the one."
La Perla Habana Black & Tan,1 out of 5,Tiny and Worthless,"Terrible little cigar. The photo should be smaller as this is merely a cigarillo........and it draws bad and, well, just don't buy it."
La Perla Habana Black & Tan,5 out of 5,Good flavor,Not feeling little cigar. Love the vanilla orange
La Perla Habana Black & Tan,5 out of 5,Nice product,"I like the aroma, would buy again."
La Perla Habana Black & Tan,3 out of 5,Meh,"These are not a bad smoke but not great either. An easy draw, the taste is flavorful but on the sweet side. These are a very quick smoke."
La Perla Habana Black & Tan,5 out of 5,I enjoy a truly smooth,"I enjoy a truly smooth little cigar, the black and tan is soft and gentle on the throat with a satisfying taste that last. A truly joyful smoke"
La Perla Habana Black & Tan,4 out of 5,Nice cigar,Nice cigar
La Perla Habana Black & Tan,2 out of 5,Buy anything else....,Waste of money. So small can only get a puff or two. Might as well just burn your money. I should have checked the size better.
La Perla Habana Black & Tan,2 out of 5,Meh,"Not the best flavor, I would compare to swisher sweets or some other mediocre cigarillo."
La Perla Habana Black & Tan,5 out of 5,Excellent tobacco making an excellent,Excellent tobacco making an excellent little cigar.
La Perla Habana Black & Tan,4 out of 5,Not Bad,"These little guys have a pretty good, mild flavor without any real sweetness, which is exactly what I wanted. They burn a bit quicker than I expected, but that's not an issue. The only problem I have with them is that the tobacco at the end is a little loose and I get a bit in my mouth whenever I smoke one. Overall a good product that I would recommend!"
La Perla Habana Black & Tan,5 out of 5,Nice cigarello!!!!,Smooth smoke with a nice vanilla after taste. Best cigarillo I've had in years!
La Perla Habana Black & Tan,5 out of 5,La Perla Habana Black and Tan,The best tasting cigarillo I've had in years!!!
La Perla Habana Black & Tan,5 out of 5,Didn't care for these little sticks.,No taste!
La Perla Habana Black & Tan,1 out of 5,cardboard,taste like cardboard smells like pipe tobacco
La Perla Habana Black & Tan,5 out of 5,Perfect Quick Smoke,"Great tasting, smooth & quick smoke. Great to light up while fly fishing on the river."
La Perla Habana Black & Tan,5 out of 5,happy and puffing away,la perla is one of my favorit cigar i also like very much the fill sizes ones and cis prices cant be beat
La Perla Habana Black & Tan,5 out of 5,Love these things,Great taste. Very sweet. Gets the job done when you're on the go or want something different.
La Perla Habana Black & Tan,4 out of 5,A good cigarillo,Pleasantly spicy. About a 10 minute smoke. Great for winter days walking the dog.
La Perla Habana Black & Tan,4 out of 5,Great for the price,Great for the price
La Perla Habana Black & Tan,5 out of 5,Nice,Nice little sweet smoke when you don't have a lot of time
La Perla Habana Black & Tan,5 out of 5,Good all arounf,Very good on everything. Have yet to make a bad choice.
La Perla Habana Black & Tan,4 out of 5,These really are little pearls,"Very smooth, very well constructed, an excellent 5-10 minute smoke. Recommended."
La Perla Habana Black & Tan,5 out of 5,Great cigars at great prices!,I have been really please with this purchase. The smoothness of these cigars has been pure joy.
La Perla Habana Black & Tan,4 out of 5,Shipping,wish order could process and ship faster
La Perla Habana Black & Tan,5 out of 5,simple and pleasant,"pleasant little sticks. the flavor is simple yet satisfying, and they seem consistent so far from one to the next. i clocked these at about 12 minutes at a relaxed pace. I'd buy them again."
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Morado,5 out of 5,One of my favorites,"I have never been disappointed with these. Good flavor, good construction, good price"
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Morado,5 out of 5,La perla,"Very good cigar, smoked it while playing golf."
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Morado,4 out of 5,Nice and smooth,"One of my go-to's. Smooth, even burn and nice flavor and aroma."
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Morado,5 out of 5,"La Perla Habana Black Pearl Morado Belicoso,",Excellent smoke- smooth and mild and with great texture
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Morado,5 out of 5,La Perla Habana,Great tasting cigar. Mild draw.
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Morado,3 out of 5,great cigar will order again,great cigar will order again
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Morado,5 out of 5,"tightly rolled, well made and","tightly rolled, well made and a very smooth smoke."
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Morado,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Morado,5 out of 5,great cigar and priced right,great cigar and priced right
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Morado,5 out of 5,I reviewed both already,I reviewed both already
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Morado,4 out of 5,Nice stick,I feel like I got short-changed! I can’t keep them in the humidor…They keep disappearing!
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Morado,5 out of 5,One of my favorites,"Always enjoyable and well made, good flavor."
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Morado,5 out of 5,Flavorful Evening Cigar with an Even Burn and Good Draw,Well constructed and firm cigar with an even burn and easy draw. Flavorful and rich with plenty of smoke on each draw. It's a highly recommended evening cigar. Try one and Enjoy...! RON
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Morado,4 out of 5,Good Stick,Real good cigar.
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Morado,5 out of 5,Love them!,An absolute pleasure anytime of day!
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Morado,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Morado,4 out of 5,The Black Pearl smokes nice,The Black Pearl smokes nice and smooth
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Morado,5 out of 5,It was a Christmas present,It was a Christmas present for my son who loves cigars and he likes them.
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Morado,4 out of 5,Wonderful everyday smoke. Great value!,Wonderful everyday smoke. Great value!
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Morado,5 out of 5,My husbands favorite,My husbands favorite
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Morado,4 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Morado,5 out of 5,Easy draw,Enjoyed the easy draw and richness of the flavors coming through. Stayed cool all the way to the last draw.
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Morado,5 out of 5,Black rose,I enjoyed these alot. Very flavorful and consistent. Burned evenly and finished as good as it started.
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Morado,4 out of 5,Good everyday smoke.,"I have smoked a ton of these beauties and have always liked them. They are consistently good, nice draw, affordable. Mild and deelish!"
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Morado,5 out of 5,Great cigar for a Great price!,Buying my 3rd box today. All my buds loved them too- buying them now with the free torch lighter and free shipping!
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Morado,4 out of 5,Pretty good,Pretty good
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Morado,4 out of 5,"Great Taste, But Very Dry Upon Arrival","Great taste, good price, semi-even burn, nice and bold flavours. Will most likely order more in the future.
The only reason I am not giving this 5 stars though, is because they were very dry upon arrival, which I was not expecting. If you buy a box (not sure on the packs), be sure to check/fix their humidity before lighting one up. Arrived at my door very quickly as well!"
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Morado,5 out of 5,Best cigar for the buck!,"If you want a smooth consistent smoke with every cigar, then you can’t go wrong with the LaPerla Habana Black Pearl Morado. A perfect night for me is at sunset enjoying a LaPerla with a fine drink. I highly recommend it."
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Morado,3 out of 5,A little dry,These smokes will probably be great after sitting in the humidor for awhile. Right now they are a bit harsh.
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Morado,5 out of 5,CIGAR NIRVANA !,MY GO TOO SMOKE
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Morado,4 out of 5,Good cigar,"Good cigar, not as smooth as the 60 ring."
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Morado,5 out of 5,Solid smoke,"I really like my Black Pearls. They burn evenly
And produce a lot of smoke."
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Morado,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Morado,5 out of 5,Black Pearl,Great smoke an decent price
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Morado,5 out of 5,Found my Cigar,"They say when you find your favorite cigar, stop looking. This is pretty much the only cigar I buy anymore. Never a miss. Consistent burn, great flavor. I wouldn’t change a thing."
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Morado,5 out of 5,The Black Oearl,"It's a good cigar, draws well with good taste."
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Morado,4 out of 5,Most Enjoyable ! ! !,"I've never been overly keen on African Cameroon wrapper cigars, but this one is QUITE Tasty--dang decent draw--more than acceptable burn line, , , , , , guess maybe my "" African Cameroon "" opinion has changed with these Toro's. Glad I tried some One More time !! !!
VCT in western MO"
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Morado,4 out of 5,"Good ""Go to"" cigar",Excellent draw and taste. Very good quality/price value.
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Morado,3 out of 5,Black Pearl,"Burns even and has mild flavor. Nice cigar,"
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Morado,4 out of 5,Soilid 4,Delishhhhhhhh
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Morado,4 out of 5,Great daily smoke,"Still great smoke. Good taste, burn, flavor. Draw not as great as past, but still good."
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Morado,4 out of 5,Great value,I purchased these on a very good sale offer. When I received them I saw AJ's name on the bottom of the box. After I smoked one I confirmed that once again he doesn't put out a bad smoke & quickly ordered a second box.
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Morado,4 out of 5,Great,Delish
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Morado,4 out of 5,Soilid 4,Above average but not a 5 Star
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Morado,4 out of 5,A smooth medium bodied smoke,A smooth medium bodied smoke at a fair price
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Morado,3 out of 5,It’s okay for the price,"+ They burn fairly evenly.
- Harsh flavor"
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Morado,4 out of 5,Ok for the price,"I'm on my 2nd box, and keep my sticks well humidified, but I always keep some shedding of the outer wrapper on almost every smoke"
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Morado,4 out of 5,Good smoke!,I enjoyed every one of them. great draw and good taste!
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Morado,3 out of 5,Black Pearl,"Received cigars fairly dry, which makes them try to disassemble. Also a
little stronger than I prefer. Probably due to dryness. Otherwise a good smoke with an even burn."
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Morado,5 out of 5,Great everyday cigar,The Morado is my favorite Pearl cigar. It is hard to beat the price for a 93 rated cigar. Great smoke from start to finish.
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Original,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar at a great price! It's a 9hole cigar on the course! Love 'em!
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Original,4 out of 5,great smooth cigar,I was happy to find a easy smoking smooth tasting cigar.
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Original,3 out of 5,A very good mild/medium cigar.,A very good mild/medium cigar. I go to this cigar often...
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Original,4 out of 5,"Nice smoke , smooth draw","Nice smoke , smooth draw , nice ash ....I would buy again"
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Original,4 out of 5,Nice cigar for the money,Nice cigar for the money
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Original,5 out of 5,La Perla,Excellent cigar
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Original,5 out of 5,So good make you wanna slap yo mama!,"Unbelievable! Great cigar! First review ever and I’ve had great cigars where should have commented. But this somehow compelled me to say something. Awesome as advertised... burn, taste, smoke out put etc... Don’t hesitate it’s worth it!"
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Original,5 out of 5,WOW WOW WOW!!,"I found this cigar which I received in a sampler pack just about perfect--slow burning, deep taste. The ash formed a perfect straight white cylinder, almost two inches long before it first dropped off, then continued equally straight for the next inch and a half. The one I tried gave me a full hour of unadulterated pleasure. At the price, it can't be improved on."
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Original,5 out of 5,Smooth,nice inexpensive cigar
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Original,3 out of 5,Ok smoke,Ok smoke
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Original,4 out of 5,Perfect burn,"An absolutely perfect burning cigar with wonderful flavors that open up as you smoke. These are quickly becoming my ""go to"" cigars. Don't tell them but these are worth twice what they charge."
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Original,5 out of 5,The best at their price,These are my far my favorite smokes. They are worth retail but whenever these are on special I try to stock up!
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Original,5 out of 5,Black pearl mirador torpedo,Great smoke from beginning to end and lasts me about an hour
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Original,4 out of 5,The Black Pearl,"Not quite as exciting as the ship of the same name, but overall a good smoke."
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Original,4 out of 5,Not bad for the price,"This is not the best cigar I ever smoked, but for the price it was a decent cigar that burned well. This is the second time I tried this and both times after arrival the cigars needed some time in my humidor to get in shape. Otherwise not bad."
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Original,3 out of 5,Surprised these were good cigars,"Initially, I tried these and was not impressed, but after initial ""burn"" they smoothed out really well and I find them to be tasty, yet not overwhelming. A good everyday stogie!"
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Original,3 out of 5,Full bodied but not rich,Has the characteristic flavors but a tight draw and stingy on the smoke. A tight ash and a slow (maybe too slow) burn...you gotta work this one. My favorite shape but I was disappointed.
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Original,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar,It is a great smoke.
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Original,4 out of 5,OK,"Good flavor, but didn’t draw perfectly. Not a big problem. Would buy again if the price is right."
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Original,4 out of 5,"decent cigar, a bit harsh","lots of flavor, but harsh. burns well but flavor does not last throughout."
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Original,4 out of 5,Black Pearl,"Nice smooth smoking Cigar! My friends say oh a Maduro cigar, I'll Pass. Then they try it & say wow what a grear Cigar. Didn't taste like a Maduro cigar."
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Original,5 out of 5,Excellent Smoke,This is a great cigar
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Original,4 out of 5,Decent Daily Smokes,Would score this a 3 star for the quality. Plus 1 star for value.
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Original,5 out of 5,Can say enough good things.,"LA Perla turns out some great affordable stuff, i can't have enough of these. An easy smoke, with plenty of flavour, good build quality and cost effective. If you haven't had them, you like maduros, then dig out that loose change between cushions and pick these up."
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Original,1 out of 5,Not the best,"Kept going out wound too tight , little payoof"
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Original,4 out of 5,"Cocoa, espresso, touch of Maduro","Cocoa, espresso, touch of Maduro sweetness, nice burn, good all around smoke."
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Original,3 out of 5,So So,"Nothing to write home about, but not bad."
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Original,5 out of 5,Great!,Great!
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Original,5 out of 5,La Perla Habana Black Pearl,I started smoking these some 15 years ago and when I see them for sale at a bargain price I jump on them because I they have a delicious flavor
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Original,4 out of 5,never disappointed,"Black pearl has never let me down, Very smooth, rich smoke"
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Original,3 out of 5,Dry,Dry
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Original,5 out of 5,La Perla Habana Black Pearl Original,Is this good cigar. No. It's a great cigar.
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Original,5 out of 5,La Perla Habana Black Pearl Belicoso,Good smoke
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Original,5 out of 5,Great deal!!,"Smooth, tasty, and amazingly mild. Great value for the price. I'll re-order these."
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Original,4 out of 5,Good taste and burn. Not,Good taste and burn. Not in love with torpedo shape.
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Original,4 out of 5,Nice draw.,Nice draw.
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Original,4 out of 5,Nice draw,Nice draw
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Original,5 out of 5,Black pearl cigars,"As always, its a great one and tends to be my favorite"
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Original,4 out of 5,Nice smoke.,Had never tried these and was happy with the flavor and even burn. Nice rich taste. Good draw. Well made cigar. Good value cigar!
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Original,5 out of 5,Very impressed,I've been looking at this cigar for awhile and just never got them well I finally bought them and they are great. I will be getting more of these very soon as I'm almost out of them already. Truely a great some i was very impressed.
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Original,5 out of 5,Fantastic,These are without a doubt some of my favorite cigars
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Original,4 out of 5,Good inexpensive smoke. Enloyable.,Good inexpensive smoke. Enloyable.
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Original,4 out of 5,Black pearl,Great cigar
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Original,4 out of 5,Really good smoke,Goes fairly quick but a good smoke medium across the board with great flavor.
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Original,5 out of 5,Reliable; Tasty,A fresh stock of La Perlas at CI and I'm happy. Friendly pricing and good taste make the brand one of my favorites. A budget winner.
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Original,5 out of 5,"Nice flavor, good cigar","Nice flavor, good cigar"
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Original,2 out of 5,Different,"Received and very hard, put in humidor 3 weeks, not much different. Same smoke from start to finish, not much to like."
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Original,5 out of 5,Black Pearl,"A great cigar, great taste at a great price!"
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Original,5 out of 5,black pearl,"I really enjoyed these. They burn evenly, have nice aroma (don't offend everyone in the area) and are generally a good smoke."
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Original,5 out of 5,Black pearl,"Great cigar, never disappoints."
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Oro,4 out of 5,Decent mellow smoke. Will not,Decent mellow smoke. Will not win a long ash contest however. 😁
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Oro,5 out of 5,Shaun,Even burn with a great taste!
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Oro,4 out of 5,Good cigar,"Good construction, good smoke, good flavor, great price . Just not real exciting in my opinion. Would buy again for a yard work smoke"
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Oro,5 out of 5,La Perla is great,Very consistent smoke. I like a smaller stick some evenings and this fits the bill!
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Oro,5 out of 5,"Great smoke, especially for the","Great smoke, especially for the price."
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Oro,5 out of 5,Nice clean burn. great flavor.My,Nice clean burn. great flavor.My top stogie.
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Oro,4 out of 5,Patrick,Patrick
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Oro,5 out of 5,"well made, smooth and consistent","well made, smooth and consistent"
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Oro,5 out of 5,You can't go wrong with this one...,"This is a very good choice for the $$$...
Nice and smooth all the way to the end.
Give it a try..."
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Oro,5 out of 5,Very tasty cigars,Very tasty cigars
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Oro,5 out of 5,"Finished the first pack, all","Finished the first pack, all were well constructed , burned evenly with good draw."
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Oro,4 out of 5,Pretty good smoke,Nice draw good taste would definitely buy again.
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Oro,5 out of 5,Great,Thoroughly enjoyable cigar. I have never been disappointed. Just wish they were offered in a 6×60.
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Oro,3 out of 5,A decent everyday cigar at,A decent everyday cigar at a decent price.
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Oro,3 out of 5,Good dependable,"Good smoker, love the brand!"
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Oro,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Oro,3 out of 5,Flavor was good. Fast burn.,Flavor was good. Fast burn. Not a bad golf cigar.
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Oro,5 out of 5,La perla,"One of the sticks you can put in you Hunidor. The price incredible, smokes like I spent a few hundred and only spent $59."
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Oro,5 out of 5,Cigars are great. It took,"Cigars are great. It took 20 days to get here. That's way too long when you
paid to receive it in 7 days."
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Oro,5 out of 5,Great smoking cigar,Great smoking cigar
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Oro,5 out of 5,another good cigar for lunch break,Well built and favorable. Just what you want for a mid-day break
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Oro,4 out of 5,Solid stoge,Solid stoge
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Oro,4 out of 5,Great Value,Consistent well priced cigar
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Oro,4 out of 5,good,good
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Oro,5 out of 5,I like it.,I like it.
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Oro,3 out of 5,Okay,Just okay
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Oro,5 out of 5,LaPerla,My husband loves them. Great golf course smoke.
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Oro,5 out of 5,La Perla Habana Black Pearl Oro Robusto,Really well constructed. Burns evenly and tastes great. It will become one of my daily cigars
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Oro,5 out of 5,Don't Let The Price Fool You,"GREAT little stick. DO NOT let the price fool you!
Lots of smoke, Great flavor, good burn!"
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Oro,4 out of 5,It's GOOD!,"Black Pearl, a good size 5x50. Flavorful and can't beat the price for a box of 20 of these beauties."
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Oro,4 out of 5,good flavor good value,good flavor good value
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Oro,5 out of 5,"Well constructed, smooth burning, flavorful","Well constructed, smooth burning, flavorful cigar. Great anytime cigar."
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Oro,3 out of 5,"Good, But Not To Last Drop","The Black Pearl Oro starts out smooth and has a nice even burn. About halfway-2/3 through it does muscle up and becomes a much stronger smoke. If you don’t mind the stronger finish or letting go halfway-2/3 in, then it’s worth the more economical price it was offered at."
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Oro,4 out of 5,Tasty,Nice smooth blend. Another enjoyable smoke from La Perla Havana.
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Oro,4 out of 5,Vaca55,"A very good medium cigar
I was very surprised
I got them as a freebie with my order.
I’m a madero man.
But like a milder stick from time to time
Mainly in the morning
Great taste even burn Lots of smoke good draw
I’ll be buying in the future"
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Oro,4 out of 5,Surprise,Coming from someone that usually smokes Maduro’s I found this to be a very good smoking cigar.
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Oro,4 out of 5,Nice surprise!,"Wow! These were a nice surprise. I received a 5 pack of these as a freebie and honestly, I planned on being disappointed since my palate is so used to full-bodied cigars that mild cigars that I used to like taste like air to me now. These are full of flavor and spice, construction is good, burn is good. I'll be trying some of the other La Perla offerings as well as some more of these in the future."
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Oro,4 out of 5,Excellent medium bodied everyday cigar,"Well constructed, nice taste, and good draw."
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Oro,3 out of 5,Middle of the Road,"I give this stick a 3.5, it has a decently smooth complexity to it, and all of them burned well and had good smoke output so that helped the rating. I always go for the more mild Connecticut shade cigars in the morning with my coffee. But honestly in my opinion if u are looking for a good consistent Toro that is in between mild and medium it is hard to beat the Man of War Virtue, great morning smoke and it's buttery smooth, just what most people look for in a solid Connecticut wrapper."
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Oro,4 out of 5,Good smoke w/ hint of,Good smoke w/ hint of coffee and earth.
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Oro,4 out of 5,Nice and simple,Nice and simple
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Oro,4 out of 5,Good smoke,These are very good for the price!
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Oro,4 out of 5,Nice smoke,It has a great draw and it smells great.
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Oro,4 out of 5,Smooth smoke...,Smooth smoke...
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Oro,5 out of 5,Good cigar,Food cigar for the price
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Oro,4 out of 5,A nice smoke,For hanging in the back yard these can't be beat.
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Oro,5 out of 5,black pearl,a very nice smoke
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Oro,4 out of 5,"Excellent, mild cigar priced reasonably","Excellent, mild cigar priced reasonably for the quality."
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Oro,5 out of 5,Good,Good
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Oro,4 out of 5,Good Cigar,Good Cigar
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Rojo,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Rojo,4 out of 5,good cigar,"good cigar, good price no fancy box helps keep price where it should be."
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Rojo,5 out of 5,"La Perla habana black pearl, Rojo","I love the Rojo and the Morado cigars they are quickly becoming my favorites. I smoke the Morados with a big cup of coffee and the Rojos with a good bourbon, they both match perfectly!!!"
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Rojo,5 out of 5,rojo fan,"got a sampler of la perla habana cigars and I have tried at least four and my fav so far is the Black Pearl Rojo though It is rated a full strength cigar I found it to be more of a very tasty medium cigar, a beautiful oily Criolo wrapper and a very pleasing flavor. Do yourself a favor and burn one of these you won't regret it!!!"
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Rojo,4 out of 5,Great everyday smoke.,Great everyday smoke.
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Rojo,4 out of 5,Full flavored smoke,Got two chunktastic samplers that came with ten of these. Great construction and the 6x60 size makes a cool smoke. Be aware these are FULL bodied smokes and full spice flavor through entirety.
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Rojo,5 out of 5,Fantas-stick,"Great taste, great burn, great draw. Will smoke again."
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Rojo,4 out of 5,Much Improved,"I'd smoked Black Pearl cigars many years ago, but moved on to other brands as they were not very distinguished. Due to a CI special, I purchased them again, and was very pleased I did. Very flavorful and surprisingly smooth, these were much better than I remembered. I found these well worth the price, and recommend then to anyone - except maybe the occasional smoker, as they are stronger than average."
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Rojo,4 out of 5,"Great cigar, flavor was spot","Great cigar, flavor was spot on."
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Rojo,4 out of 5,Pleased,Great smoke.
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Rojo,5 out of 5,Great Cigar! Great Deal!,"A Great Cigar and a Great Deal! I like all the La Pearla Habanas, but the Black Pearl Rojo is my favorite of the line so far! Lots of flavour that leaves the palate craving more! Satisfying but not overpowering. Pairs well with a good sipping rum or an extra anejo tequila!"
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Rojo,3 out of 5,"Nice draw, good flavor, harsh","Nice draw, good flavor, harsh towards the end"
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Rojo,4 out of 5,good for the price,"tasty, medium body, great price. just right for a 30min smoke."
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Rojo,3 out of 5,Not bad,All that I’ve tried so far have been good even burning but the flavor is a bit too harsh for my taste. For the price I’m mostly satisfied but probably wouldn’t buy this one again.
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Rojo,5 out of 5,great smoke,Something you can smoke Dailey
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Rojo,4 out of 5,Consistently good,I’ve been smoking them for years and they never disappoint.
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Rojo,5 out of 5,Great,Enjoying
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Rojo,4 out of 5,Not bad,"I like the flavor, but the draw is so tight I can only smoke them if I let them dry for a day then pierce them full length 4 times. A lot of effort just to smoke a cigar. Once I do that though they're pretty darn good."
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Rojo,3 out of 5,Belicoso,Mild-mannered aroma and flavor. Won't buy again but would smoke one if offered. Not bad but does nothing special for me. Just a bit on the weak side for my taste and less smoke than I would have liked.
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Rojo,5 out of 5,Amazing and delicious,these tasty cigars were a great purchase. I'm so happy with them. They were worth way more than I paid. They're the tastiest cigar in my humidor.
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Rojo,5 out of 5,Still an excellent cigar.,"At this price point, among the best in tight binding, smoth tste and even burn."
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Rojo,4 out of 5,not your everyday treat,"could not believe the great deal CI gave on these, nice quality cigar that will be a welcome addition to my humidor."
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Rojo,4 out of 5,Awesome smoke!,Had a few and love them! Great smoke! Would buy again!
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Rojo,4 out of 5,La perla habana black pearl rojo toro,I Like it!
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Rojo,4 out of 5,Great Every Day Smoke,Great cigar for an every day smoke. Flavorful and smooth. Nicely rolled.
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Rojo,5 out of 5,"Fabulous cigar, Best Buy for","Fabulous cigar, Best Buy for your buck"
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Rojo,5 out of 5,Even my wife likes these,Even my wife likes these babies
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Rojo,3 out of 5,La Perla Habana Black Pearl Rojo Robusto,"Good cigar, good price. Not the one I want to be smoking but you've got the La Perla Habana Classico Robustos backordered, seemingly permanently."
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Rojo,5 out of 5,Great cigar,I would strongly reccomend to anyone who can appreciate a good stogie.
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Rojo,4 out of 5,Good value,"Bought these when they were really cheap last summer. Smoked one right away and was not impressed. But, after sitting in my humidor for six months, they changed significantly. A very smooth, pleasant everyday smoke."
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Rojo,5 out of 5,Black Pearl,This is my everyday treat that so smooth and flavorful all the way down to burnt finger tips. You can never go wrong with Black Pearl!
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Rojo,4 out of 5,Good for the price.,These are very nice for the price. I have ordered these several times and have only had a few duds.
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Rojo,4 out of 5,Partner,A good cigar for the price
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Rojo,4 out of 5,La Perla Habana Black and Pearl Rojo Robusto,"Good cigars, good choice for this price. I’ll repeat coming soon."
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Rojo,4 out of 5,Partner,Good cigar for the price
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Rojo,5 out of 5,Great cigar,These cigars are pretty good. They are a little spicier than I anticipated but very flavorful. Would recommend.
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Rojo,5 out of 5,Great stick!,Sweet tobacco latte & cocoa flavors.
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Rojo,5 out of 5,This 'Pearl' is the Crown Jewel!,"My new 'go to, everyday' smoke! It's smooth tasting and has a consistent burn. Thoroughly enjoyable from first cut to last puff!"
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Rojo,5 out of 5,Great cigar,I have been smoking these for years and enjoy that every cigar is as good as the last!
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Rojo,4 out of 5,Great and Uniform,These are great for the price and are usually uniform how they burn and are built. A great smoke.
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Rojo,4 out of 5,Consistent quality,"Excellent cigar especially for the price. Well constructed - good draw, even smoke, firm ash. I cannot detect ""flavors"" of cigars but that doesn't effect my enjoyment."
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Rojo,5 out of 5,A great cigar on regular,A great cigar on regular rotation in my humidor.
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Rojo,5 out of 5,Arrived quickly as described,Great products
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Rojo,2 out of 5,Not Good,I have had the Rojo several times before in the La Perla sampler. There I really enjoyed them. This is the first full box of robusto’s that I have ordered and they are terrible. I won’t order these again. I do like the La Perla brand though one of my favorites.
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Rojo,4 out of 5,Darn Good Cigar,"I like this Black Pearl Rojo a lot. It has power without being over-powering, some complexity, burns well, and tastes good. This tasty smoke is going to be a staple in my humidor."
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Rojo,5 out of 5,Amazing,Amazing cigar at a good price
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Rojo,5 out of 5,I've had La Perla before,I've had La Perla before and it really enjoyed it I usually unwrap them and put them in the humidor for a month or so before I partake always enjoy them the little short guys are great to the matadors love those things
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Rojo,4 out of 5,What you would expect,"These sticks do not disappoint. Well made, flavorful, luminous smoke. Medium stature. I would definitely buy these again."
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Rojo,5 out of 5,Strong Little Powerhouse,"Has everything you want, lights good, draw is good, taste is good even to the end, no bitter taste, powerful, but really good. A good everyday cigar at an affordable price."
La Perla Habana Black Pearl Rojo,1 out of 5,Dried Out,Cigars are all dried out and falling apart.
La Perla Habana Cazadores,5 out of 5,"I liked them a lot,","I liked them a lot, but I haven’t received my order of general grant cigars"
La Perla Habana Cazadores,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
La Perla Habana Cazadores,4 out of 5,Dry out to quick and,Dry out to quick and burn weird
La Perla Habana Cazadores,4 out of 5,Enjoyable Smoke,I have really liked Cazadores. They are a nice smoke especially for the price.
La Perla Habana Cazadores,4 out of 5,Rate good,Good everyday cigar for the price
La Perla Habana Cazadores,4 out of 5,Great daily smoker for price-sometimes,Great daily smoker for price-sometimes burn a little unevenly down one side but can’t complain when getting a smooth smoke for less than two bucks a stick!
La Perla Habana Cazadores,4 out of 5,Good Smoke,"This cigar is a good smoke, easy draw, medium body, smooth and enjoyable"
La Perla Habana Cazadores,4 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
La Perla Habana Cazadores,4 out of 5,Premium Taste at Reasonable Price,"These cigars were a last-minute add-on at a very affordable price. I didn't expect much from them, and I was pleasantly surprised at the excellence of their construction and flavor."
La Perla Habana Cazadores,4 out of 5,La Perla Habana Cazadores Robusto,Good. Clean Burn. Not harsh!
La Perla Habana Cazadores,4 out of 5,Pretty good smoke.,Good quality for the price!
La Perla Habana Cazadores,5 out of 5,A Well Balanced Smoke!,"These definitely get better with age. I just found a few of these that have been sitting in the bottom of my humidor for at least four years. I would say that it has a good balance of earthiness, sweetness and spice. I can detect some coffee, nuts and cedar. The burn is nice and even, easy to draw and plenty of rich smoke. A good smoke for the price for sure!"
La Perla Habana Cazadores,3 out of 5,"Good Saturday afternoon ""Garage"" smoke",OK for the price. Middle of the road mild smoke.
La Perla Habana Cazadores,4 out of 5,Good cigar,"Good everyday cigar, even burn, mild to medium strength"
La Perla Habana Cazadores,4 out of 5,Nice,Great daily smoke
La Perla Habana Cazadores,4 out of 5,Decent,I am satisfied comparing quality to cost
La Perla Habana Cazadores,3 out of 5,A decent smoke for a decent bargain,Not a bad smoke just nothing special about it. Be ok for a windy day on the golf course! Lol
La Perla Habana Cazadores,5 out of 5,Great price and excellent everyday,Great price and excellent everyday smoke!
La Perla Habana Cazadores,5 out of 5,La Perla Habano,I enjoy the smoke and like the smooth taste
La Perla Habana Cazadores,4 out of 5,Very smooth,Very smooth
La Perla Habana Cazadores,3 out of 5,Nice and tasty!!!,Nice and tasty!!!
La Perla Habana Cazadores,4 out of 5,Good stick,"Good flavor, nice cigar."
La Perla Habana Cazadores,4 out of 5,Good every day smoke.,Good every day smoke.
La Perla Habana Cazadores,4 out of 5,Great cigar,"It was a great cigar, I recommend them to enjoy with friends. Would order them again."
La Perla Habana Cazadores,4 out of 5,Would recommend.,Good cigar. Smokes great. Draws smoothly. Stays lit.
La Perla Habana Cazadores,4 out of 5,La perla cazadores,An enjoyable medium smoke that burns nicely to the send
La Perla Habana Cazadores,4 out of 5,Great every day cigar,"Very happy with these, have one every couple days. Satisfying, good flavor. Some have had runs I had to keep fixing with a lighter, but manageable. Found a deal and have been happy for the 20-pack."
La Perla Habana Cazadores,4 out of 5,okay sticks,"4 out of 5 stars because 2 out of 5 were so tightly rolled made for a hard draw.
But other than that a good tasting cigar."
La Perla Habana Cazadores,4 out of 5,Not like they used to be,"I love these beauties, but now that the price has doubled, I'll probably be looking for a different everyday smoke."
La Perla Habana Cazadores,3 out of 5,short filler,"great flavor smoke, if you don't mind spitting out tobacco bits with every puff. Saving for mowing sticks. Flavor really is nice and so is the burn"
La Perla Habana Cazadores,3 out of 5,Meh,descent flavor but better than 1/2 of them do not smoke well; tough draw or runners. wont buy them again.
La Perla Habana Cazadores,4 out of 5,A very fine cigar.,A very fine cigar.
La Perla Habana Cazadores,5 out of 5,Prices,"Great prices, and fast service."
La Perla Habana Cazadores,4 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth
La Perla Habana Cazadores,2 out of 5,La Perla Habana,Most had an easy draw. Use a punch not a cutter
La Perla Habana Cazadores,4 out of 5,Good average smoke,Good average smoke
La Perla Habana Cazadores,4 out of 5,La Perla Habana,"Very good economy, 3 hole smoke on the golf course!"
La Perla Habana Cazadores,4 out of 5,Will purchase again,Decent smoke for the price. Good draw although a few burned uneven. Will definitely reorder
La Perla Habana Cazadores,3 out of 5,Good every day cigar for,Good every day cigar for the price.
La Perla Habana Cazadores,3 out of 5,Okay,"Got them on sale and at that price they were good, not great - about 50% had tunneling canoeing issues"
La Perla Habana Cazadores,3 out of 5,Good every day smoke..,Good every day smoke..
La Perla Habana Cazadores,3 out of 5,Decent cigar,Decent cigar
La Perla Habana Cazadores,3 out of 5,"Nice, quick smoke","Nice, quick smoke"
La Perla Habana Cazadores,3 out of 5,Good buy,"Good every day smoke. Burns even , not too fast and has a good wrap that stays together"
La Perla Habana Cazadores,3 out of 5,Cigars,These are good cigars if you can get them to burn correct.
La Perla Habana Cazadores,5 out of 5,Nice smoke,Very nice taste and burn.
La Perla Habana Cazadores,4 out of 5,nice smoothe smoke,Happy I decided to give these a try. Only smoked 3 so far and they were consistently good. Nice draw and mellow flavors. Will definitely order again.
La Perla Habana Cazadores,4 out of 5,good daily,Good tasting smoke at a very reasonable price. You can afford to smoke these every day. Excellent while riding my zero turn and cutting grass!
La Perla Habana Cazadores,4 out of 5,La Perla Cazadores,Very smooth with a nice finish. robust flavor.
La Perla Habana Cazadores,4 out of 5,No the very best but close,Great product at an outstanding price.
La Perla Habana Cazadores Connecticut,5 out of 5,La Perla Habana Cazadores Connecticut,"I am enjoying this box of cigars very much. I am a on-again, off- again smoker (maybe ever-other day). I am usually been buying WHITE GOLD, but these smoke as mellow. And the price was right!!"
La Perla Habana Cazadores Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good smoke and great value,Good smoke and great value
La Perla Habana Cazadores Connecticut,4 out of 5,"Good burn, mostly. Great daily","Good burn, mostly. Great daily at a good price. Will buy again."
La Perla Habana Cazadores Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"Smooth taste, burns even"
La Perla Habana Cazadores Connecticut,4 out of 5,la perla habana cazadores Conn,good summer cigar. lots of flavor. good for sitting with the dogs
La Perla Habana Cazadores Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good stick for the weekend,Overall good smoke. Burns well and evenly. Good profile throughout the cigar. Will purchase again.
La Perla Habana Cazadores Connecticut,4 out of 5,"Good taste and easy draw,","Good taste and easy draw, only downside is wrapper unwinds a bit after cutting the tip"
La Perla Habana Cazadores Connecticut,5 out of 5,An excellent Cigar,Very enjoyable
La Perla Habana Cazadores Connecticut,5 out of 5,Nice...,"Nice flavor. even Burn.
Would buy more."
La Perla Habana Cazadores Connecticut,4 out of 5,Great Deal!,Great everyday smoke for the $$...Smooth & tasty.
La Perla Habana Cazadores Connecticut,4 out of 5,good daily smoke,"When I first got 'em, had to put in humidor for a week or so.They burned and smoked well after that.When they first arrived,they didn't burn evenly.I usuall prefer Dominicans,but these tasted pretty good."
La Perla Habana Cazadores Connecticut,5 out of 5,Awesome Smoke,I love mild smooth smokes and this is one of the best. Produces lots of smoke. Seldom have to re-light. LOVE IT!
La Perla Habana Cazadores Connecticut,5 out of 5,Very good for money,Very good for money
La Perla Habana Cazadores Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good Value,"Good construction and burn. Mild, easy smoke"
La Perla Habana Cazadores Connecticut,5 out of 5,Excellent,"This cigar is worth every cent. If you don’t get this, you will regret it."
La Perla Habana Cazadores Connecticut,5 out of 5,An everyday cigar but a La Perla .,smooth mellow with a wonderful aroma . Smokes like an expensive cigar and taste like one too . This is my everyday cigar and never had a problem even with its construction . I guess that's why La Perla puts it's name on this inexpensive cigar .
La Perla Habana Cazadores Connecticut,4 out of 5,Mellow smoke,"Nice smoke,good value!"
La Perla Habana Cazadores Connecticut,4 out of 5,Satisfying smoke,Very satisfying smoke from a reasonably priced cigar. My only complaint is that two of the cigars had some splitting of the outer wrapper.
La Perla Habana Cazadores Connecticut,4 out of 5,La Perrla Cazadores,"Good construction, good flavor"
La Perla Habana Cazadores Connecticut,5 out of 5,Love it!,Great smoke! Easy draw! All around good smoke!
La Perla Habana Cazadores Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great smoke & great value.,Great smoke & great value. Would reorder.
La Perla Habana Cazadores Connecticut,4 out of 5,nice smoke,"Its a nice everyday smoke, well worth the money."
La Perla Habana Cazadores Connecticut,5 out of 5,nice cigar,nice cigar
La Perla Habana Cazadores Connecticut,5 out of 5,Value,Value
La Perla Habana Cazadores Connecticut,5 out of 5,Pearl Casado,"I really like these
I’m probably going to add them to my monthly order- they are that good"
La Perla Habana Cazadores Connecticut,4 out of 5,GREAT CIGAR,Enjoying smoking them when on the golf course or at home. Great cigar for the price.
La Perla Habana Cazadores Connecticut,3 out of 5,Average,Average
La Perla Habana Cazadores Connecticut,4 out of 5,La Perla Habana,Excellent smoke for the price. Shared a couple with a friend and he thought the same thing.
La Perla Habana Cazadores Connecticut,5 out of 5,terrific cigar,Great price and mild taste; just what I like
La Perla Habana Cazadores Connecticut,5 out of 5,"so smooth, lots of flavor, my every cigar.",my favorite next to La Perla Morado.
La Perla Habana Cazadores Connecticut,4 out of 5,La Perla cazadotes,Very good everyday smoke
La Perla Habana Cazadores Connecticut,1 out of 5,the draw was poor and,the draw was poor and the Otter wrapper was dry and crumbly
La Perla Habana Cazadores Connecticut,5 out of 5,Laperla Habana,Great smoke for the money.! Good evey day cigar. Great price Burns even
La Perla Habana Cazadores Connecticut,5 out of 5,these are mild with good,these are mild with good flavor. burn clean and cool. best cigar for the price. excellent cigar....
La Perla Habana Cazadores Connecticut,5 out of 5,Smooth Smoke,Thanks for the ad
La Perla Habana Cazadores Connecticut,4 out of 5,Perfect for a cloudy afternoon,For the price is one of the best smokes I have had .... I totally recommend it
La Perla Habana Cazadores Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good buy,Mild cigar and easy to smoke
La Perla Habana Cazadores Connecticut,4 out of 5,Nice cigar,Love ir!!!
La Perla Habana Cazadores Connecticut,4 out of 5,For the most part they,For the most part they are nice cigars. A couple of them were a little dry and were cracked in the middle.. I would still purchase again.
La Perla Habana Cazadores Connecticut,4 out of 5,From Yard to Beach,"Great value stick that works for working in the yard, or relaxing on the beach.....bgg"
La Perla Habana Cazadores Connecticut,5 out of 5,Beautiful Smoke,I’m a mellow Connecticut wrapper kind of man. Love this cigar. Great mellow creamy taste with a great burn
La Perla Habana Cazadores Connecticut,5 out of 5,Good Smoke,"Good smoke, mild taste and burns well. That, combined withe the low price makes it better than average and a great buy."
La Perla Habana Cazadores Connecticut,3 out of 5,A good day,These are a good every day smoke
La Perla Habana Cazadores Connecticut,4 out of 5,Quorum,Totally adequate cigar for the money. Burn qualities fairly consistent. I prefer the maduro for taste over the shade.
La Perla Habana Cazadores Connecticut,5 out of 5,Smooth good taste Fantastic acigars,Smooth good taste Fantastic acigars
La Perla Habana Cazadores Connecticut,5 out of 5,these are a great everyday,these are a great everyday cigar. very mild and an excellent draw
La Perla Habana Cazadores Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good buy,For the price these are very good cigars I would buy them again
La Perla Habana Cazadores Connecticut,4 out of 5,Very smooth smoke,This was a very nice smoke. The draw was outstanding! I have to put on the list to buy again for this price.
La Perla Habana Cazadores Connecticut,5 out of 5,Laperla Habana,"For the price, a pretty good every day smoke. Mild. Burns even. A lot better than some of the other lower price cigars I’ve tried at CI. It worth a try for sure😎"
La Perla Habana Cazadores Connecticut,5 out of 5,Smooth stogie,Smooth burns good perfect afternoon smoke.
La Perla Habana Classic,4 out of 5,"Nice, mild, and affordable!",Good cigar with easy draw and plenty of smoke.
La Perla Habana Classic,5 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth
La Perla Habana Classic,4 out of 5,good company on the golf,good company on the golf course
La Perla Habana Classic,4 out of 5,Nice cigar seems to smoke,Nice cigar seems to smoke good
La Perla Habana Classic,5 out of 5,La Perla habana classic,"a very good medium bodied stick. a creamy ,a little leather, some woodiness a very good smoke for it's price.a good everyday cigar. i like it with a good cup of joe in the later morning but it can't compare to a good glass of bourbon and a rojo in the afternoon both are good cigars and will continue to enjoy both."
La Perla Habana Classic,4 out of 5,Dandy smoke for the money,Dandy smoke for the money
La Perla Habana Classic,5 out of 5,Boutique excellence,"La Perla Habana Classic Robusto. One of the few reasonably priced cigars that is consitant in draw, burn, construction, and flavor time after time for over 20 years."
La Perla Habana Classic,3 out of 5,Not a bad cigar for,Not a bad cigar for the sale price...
La Perla Habana Classic,5 out of 5,La Perla at its best,What a price ! What a smoke ! Where can you get a price like this for a 90 rated smooth smoking cigar . Smoke these all the time with other La Perla cigars . These cigars are priced so affordable that this 90 rated stoogie is an everyday cigars . This is my 3rd order and will always order more before I run out.
La Perla Habana Classic,4 out of 5,great smoke,a little too dry
La Perla Habana Classic,5 out of 5,Very smooth,"Habana was very crafted, draw was smooth. Overall it is a good buy."
La Perla Habana Classic,5 out of 5,Great burn a good choice,Great burn a good choice
La Perla Habana Classic,3 out of 5,Good,"A good, mild smoke but was short lived. (Too light on filler?) Burned evenly."
La Perla Habana Classic,4 out of 5,Smokeaholic,Good Smoke
La Perla Habana Classic,5 out of 5,So far my favorite!!!,"I've tried samplers, and others, but by far this is the bestest yet!!!"
La Perla Habana Classic,3 out of 5,Solid Jackson,A solid but slightly ordinary smoke
La Perla Habana Classic,4 out of 5,Good Cigar.,"Burns evenly, good tasting, not too strong,not too weak. Worth the money."
La Perla Habana Classic,4 out of 5,la perla habana,Excellent cigar for the money. Best I have found in that price range.
La Perla Habana Classic,5 out of 5,"a great smooth smoke, Been","a great smooth smoke, Been smoking these for years always satisfide with cigar. I do wish you would come out with the profectos again."
La Perla Habana Classic,5 out of 5,A great cigar,A great cigar
La Perla Habana Classic,3 out of 5,average,wanted milder cigar
La Perla Habana Classic,5 out of 5,LaPerla Habana,Great smoke for the price. Burns well
La Perla Habana Classic,4 out of 5,Good smoke...nicely rolled.,Good smoke...nicely rolled.
La Perla Habana Classic,4 out of 5,Smooth Smoke,Smooth full bodied flavor
La Perla Habana Classic,5 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
La Perla Habana Classic,5 out of 5,5stars,"very good service, thenks a lot"
La Perla Habana Classic,4 out of 5,A good value,"Mild flavor, burns evenly, draws well. Gets hot if one draws too frequently."
La Perla Habana Classic,4 out of 5,La Perla Habana Classic,"Great construction with any easy draw. The Robusto held a really long ash. Smoked even all the way, start to finish. Mild flavor."
La Perla Habana Classic,3 out of 5,LaPerla Robusto,"This cigar is fine for short smoke, burning fast and flavor is very mild without any strong characteristics. The wrapper appears to have something on it that should not be there-small raised dots that do not appear part of the tobacco, I am a bit leery of finishing the remainder."
La Perla Habana Classic,5 out of 5,La Perla es me Mistress...lol,Very good smoke for any occasion.
La Perla Habana Classic,4 out of 5,Worth the bucks,"Great everyday stick, love it."
La Perla Habana Classic,4 out of 5,Good golf course cigar.,Good golf course cigar.
La Perla Habana Classic,5 out of 5,Great cigars,Great cigars
La Perla Habana Classic,4 out of 5,La Perla Habanas,"Good burning, good construction, good flavor, but a little bolder than I thought they would be. Very good overall. and would still buy again."
La Perla Habana Classic,5 out of 5,dave a. fort worth tx,"la perla are always a good smoke. great construction, great burn and perfect taste and flavor. highly recommended."
La Perla Habana Classic,3 out of 5,Everyday Smoke.,"Pleasant enough. Most were middle of the road. A few were exceptionally good.
Might buy again, if priced right."
La Perla Habana Classic,4 out of 5,Worthwhile,Nice even consistent burn. Good flavor from start to finish. Excellent value for the money. Would definately buy again.
La Perla Habana Classic,3 out of 5,Nice 'Knockaround' Smoke,"It's not the best Perla I've smoked, but if you're looking for an inexpensive 'go to,' it more than fits the bill!"
La Perla Habana Classic,5 out of 5,La Perla classic toro,"Fantastic taste, construction, and value. My go to daily.."
La Perla Habana Classic,5 out of 5,LaPerla,"Nice, smooth draw. Great on the golf course."
La Perla Habana Classic,4 out of 5,Fast and soft draw,"Used to be one of my favorites, but this batch just didn't cut it."
La Perla Habana Classic,4 out of 5,"Superb, good draw and flavorful","Superb, good draw and flavorful till the end and excellent deal"
La Perla Habana Classic,5 out of 5,Small cigar great smoke.,Well constructed. Even burn. Great taste.
La Perla Habana Classic,4 out of 5,Good and satisfying,Good cigars at a good price. Would buy again.
La Perla Habana Classic,3 out of 5,La Perla Habana,"Perhaps I’m just spoiled to the likes of Partagas Esplendidos ( no longer can find), Arturo Fuentes Hemingway’s and Connecticut Churchill’s and some Ghurkas. But, with all due respect to the tobacconists the hand Rollers these cigars: the La Perla were unfortunately a ‘let down ‘! Wish I could give you a better rating but in all honesty I would never buy these cigars again. A real let down."
La Perla Habana Classic,5 out of 5,Tom B,Great cigar great burn right till end not hot
La Perla Habana Classic,5 out of 5,Great stick.,Great stick.
La Perla Habana Classic,4 out of 5,Nice smoke,Nice smoke
La Perla Habana Classic,3 out of 5,much ado about nothing,"The cigars burn quickly and are quite loosely packed. The outside wrapper came apart quickly on the first few smoked. Once in awhile i receive a decent cigar for a reasonable price, but this one is not the case."
La Perla Habana Classic,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigars
La Perla Habana Classic Cameroon,4 out of 5,One of my favorite cigars........,One of my favorite cigars........
La Perla Habana Classic Cameroon,4 out of 5,Nice After Dinner Cigar,"Good construction, easy draw and even burn with plenty of smoke. Medium+ in stregnth. Unique flavors. Definitely an evening cigar."
La Perla Habana Classic Cameroon,4 out of 5,Excellent stick,"Nice, flavor. Smooth draw. Crazy value. Will definitely buy again!!!"
La Perla Habana Classic Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar for the price!!,Great cigar for the price!!
La Perla Habana Classic Maduro,5 out of 5,Smooth and good smoke,Taste is excellent for the brand and price. I couldn't ask for any thing better.
La Perla Habana Classic Maduro,5 out of 5,Never go wrong with La Perla,"The La Perla line is my go to everyday cigar. Robust but not over powering, a good experience every time!"
La Perla Habana Classic Maduro,4 out of 5,good cigar,good cigar
La Perla Habana Classic Maduro,5 out of 5,They're a little stronger than,"They're a little stronger than I like , but they're better than Cuban cigars."
La Perla Habana Classic Maduro,5 out of 5,The beauty of these just isn't the angel on the ring.,"First off I am a maduro man, secondly I am a frugal man, thirdly I am a manly man, and this cigar lets me indulge in all three of these aspects of my being. This is a deep flavoured, well bodied, well constructed, inexpensive stick. It will have a permanent spot in my humidor. La Perla has yet to disappoint."
La Perla Habana Classic Maduro,5 out of 5,Great value,Great flavor and big smoke.
La Perla Habana Classic Maduro,5 out of 5,Flavor excellent,"Lots of coffee flavor,oily wrapper.Tons of smoke.Excellent cigar."
La Perla Habana Classic Maduro,4 out of 5,Good rich flavor,"nice burn. Good ash. The one I tried was right off the truck. Quite good, but could use a little more time in the humidor. L PH delivers again."
La Perla Habana Classic Maduro,3 out of 5,Mixed bag,"Out of 20 cigars, approximately 1/4 were plugged, 1/4 burned unevenly and 1/2 were good. Always a roll of the dice when buying clearance items"
La Perla Habana Classic Maduro,5 out of 5,Delightful smoke,Medium body with a great maduro wrapper. Great burn and smooth smoke. Nice and flavorful but not to strong.
La Perla Habana Classic Maduro,3 out of 5,Ok,Ok
La Perla Habana Classic Maduro,5 out of 5,La Perla,Fantastic smoke
La Perla Habana Classic Maduro,5 out of 5,LaPerla Habana Classic Maduro,Great cigar!
La Perla Habana Classic Maduro,5 out of 5,FAVORITE,Perfect in every way. These are an everyday smoke for what ever your choice. Goes great with Crown Royale Black.
La Perla Habana Classic Maduro,5 out of 5,One of the Best Cigars I Have Ever Bought,I have been buying La Perla Habana Classsic Maduro Toro for several years. I keep ordering them because of the flavor and the good deals CI offers. Order them! You won't regret it.
La Perla Habana Classic Maduro,4 out of 5,Good value,These are decent for a daily smoke. Flavor is mostly earthy but consistent. They are medium in strength. The only issue being the draw is not consistent. I have found several quite tight on the draw.
La Perla Habana Classic Maduro,5 out of 5,La Perla Maduro,Smooth cigar nice burn . The price point makes it a good deal . I have already bought several boxes
La Perla Habana Classic Maduro,5 out of 5,great.,great.
La Perla Habana Classic Maduro,5 out of 5,my go to stick.,"I personally think these are a great everyday stick. Good for anything from cutting grass or just sitting on the porch with a 4 finger glass of crown, no doubt."
La Perla Habana Classic Maduro,4 out of 5,Good Flavor,Taste good. Construction suspect.
La Perla Habana Classic Maduro,4 out of 5,A very good value for,A very good value for the money. Would purchase again.
La Perla Habana Classic Maduro,5 out of 5,Very good cigar,Very good cigar
La Perla Habana Classic Maduro,4 out of 5,NIce size good smoke,Nice cigar for the price. I like the size
La Perla Habana Classic Maduro,5 out of 5,La Perla Classic Maduro,"Nice draw, even consistent ash burn with smooth flavor, just an excellent cigar. I truly love them.
Rick in Florida"
La Perla Habana Classic Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke for the $$$,Great smoke for the $$$
La Perla Habana Classic Maduro,3 out of 5,A little bitter,A little bitter
La Perla Habana Classic Maduro,5 out of 5,Good smoke,One of my new favorites... smokes as nice as (much) more expensive cigars... give it a go...
La Perla Habana Classic Maduro,5 out of 5,smokes good and kool,smokes good and kool
La Perla Habana Classic Maduro,5 out of 5,Found a Bargain,"Purchased off an ad and found a bargain with great tast and finish. Will definitely purchase again, if I remember"
La Perla Habana Classic Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,Enjoyable from start to finish. Highly recommend
La Perla Habana Classic Maduro,4 out of 5,Very Good Cigar,"I am very pleased with this cigar, great smoke"
La Perla Habana Classic Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Value,Good cigar that burns well. One of my go to daily cigars
La Perla Habana Classic Maduro,4 out of 5,Good smoke,"Very flavorful throughout, a bit of spice and leather, hint of earthiness. Construction could use a little work, as burn was not super even, but I only had to correct once with a lighter half way through. I would recommend for the price."
La Perla Habana Classic Maduro,4 out of 5,Great stick,Great stick
La Perla Habana Classic Maduro,5 out of 5,Great!,This we’re awesome and a crazy price. Keep up the great work with the deals!
La Perla Habana Classic Maduro,2 out of 5,Need more time in humidor,"Tried one when package arrived, not ready yet. As far as presentation of wrapper appearance great, draw was adequate but not thick creamy smoke. Ash canoeing 1/3 towards 2/3 of the way. Touch up pretty frequently. Bitter taste in the beginning 2/3 a bit earthy slight spicy throw retroheal. Not bad, need so time in humidor. I should of just waited 2 week to 4 weeks in humidor then reviewed."
La Perla Habana Classic Maduro,5 out of 5,Thanks,Thanks
La Perla Habana Classic Maduro,3 out of 5,Good for the price,Good for the price
La Perla Habana Classic Maduro,4 out of 5,Good draw,Good cigar for the price it was a good draw on it and a good taste I would recommend it for a decent price to cigar
La Perla Habana Classic Maduro,5 out of 5,Great daily smoke,Great taste and great cigar for the price point. Some don't burn even but I can deal with it at these prices.
La Perla Habana Classic Maduro,5 out of 5,Very good smoke.,One of my favorite cigars.
La Perla Habana Classic Maduro,4 out of 5,LaPerla Maduro,Taste is good. Over 1/2 of them burning up so badly on one side that I have to cut it off and relight it..
La Perla Habana Classic Maduro,4 out of 5,"Overall a great stick, with","Overall a great stick, with a glass of bourbon"
La Perla Habana Classic Maduro,5 out of 5,Fantastic,Fantastic
La Perla Habana Classic Maduro,5 out of 5,Superb,Burns great with long ashes. Excellent flavors.
La Perla Habana Classic Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Stick,Had great taste...Only had a few burn uneven but overall good cigars.
La Perla Habana Classic Maduro,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
La Perla Habana Classic Maduro,5 out of 5,good smoke,Nice !
La Perla Habana Classic Maduro,3 out of 5,La Perla Habana madero.,Difficulty keeping lite. Decent cigar.
La Perla Habana White Pearl,5 out of 5,A wonderful treat to your palate - smooth and tasty.,"The White Pearl is a well constructed, smooth mild to medium smoke, with an easy draw and even burn - right to the nub. It's a very pleasant anytime smoke - flavorful and easy on the palate. I highly recommend it, and it's reasonably priced quality cigar."
La Perla Habana White Pearl,5 out of 5,Very nice,Very nice
La Perla Habana White Pearl,3 out of 5,Ok,"Initial combustion was very heady and peppery. About 3/4 inches in, the smoke completely mellowed out. The flavor profile was toasty/bready with a metallic floral sweetness. Metallic note was similar to baking soda. Draw was medium. Burn was inconsistent (construction defect). It was the first of a five pack so it probably dried out a bit in transit. Will be waiting a few weeks for the rest to hydrate."
La Perla Habana White Pearl,4 out of 5,White Pearl,"Very good profile of nuts and cedar, burn is decent. Easy drawn, nice everyday smoke..."
La Perla Habana White Pearl,4 out of 5,Go tp,One of my favorites
La Perla Habana White Pearl,5 out of 5,My husband loves these cigars,My husband loves these cigars
La Perla Habana White Pearl,5 out of 5,Am Easy Smoke,If you want 30 to 45 minutes of smooth smoking this is the stick. It has a 3 inch sweet spot with and very good draw. The burns is good occasionally you have to rotate as you smoke but nothing bad If you want nuances and hints of this and that this isn't a cigar for you
La Perla Habana White Pearl,4 out of 5,Smooth mellow smoke,I got one in a sampler package and it was a very good mellow smoke
La Perla Habana White Pearl,5 out of 5,"Creamy, Mild, Rich Smoke","Really love this as a start to my evening. A flavorful, yet mild smoke. Fantastic draw and burn. Highly recommend!"
La Perla Habana White Pearl,5 out of 5,Good Cigar Company,"Never get a bad order, Its a pleasure dealing with this company"
La Perla Habana White Pearl,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
La Perla Habana White Pearl,3 out of 5,La Perla Habana,It’s an ok smoke. I prefer the Perla DeL Mar.
La Perla Habana White Pearl,4 out of 5,"This is a very good addition to a great line of cigars. It is a good draw, easy smoke, pretty good burn. La Perla Habana comes through again. I have smoked the brand for years. This cigar is their mildest yet.","This is a very good addition to a great line of cigars. It is a good draw, easy smoke, pretty good burn. La Perla Habana comes through again. I have smoked the brand for years. This cigar is their mildest yet."
La Perla Habana White Pearl,4 out of 5,Ok,A little to much after taste. Not an easy - smooth draw
La Perla Habana White Pearl,5 out of 5,A fine mellow smoke!,A fine mellow smoke!
La Perla Habana White Pearl,5 out of 5,Great smoke. Excellent price,"I have 100 Cigars in my box, just wanted to smoke a cheap one last night with a glass of wine. I’ve never heard of this brand, so I grab it and was surprised by how well balanced the flavor was. It was the same smooth & nutty flavor from the time it was lit until the end. If they work on brand recognition they could easily charge 20% more"
La Perla Habana White Pearl,4 out of 5,they tend to be a,"they tend to be a bit dry when first lit, but as moisture builds, they mellow into a nice smokeable experience"
La Perla Habana White Pearl,4 out of 5,Very nice every day cigar!,Very nice every day cigar!
La Perla Habana White Pearl,4 out of 5,Good Driving Cigar,"Light taste, subtle spice notes with a smooth draw. Maybe not the best to sit in a lounge and enjoy, but perfect if you're doing an activity where the cigar isn't the main thing. Smoked mine while driving and it was great for that."
La Perla Habana White Pearl,5 out of 5,opinion,poor quality.upset stomach
La Perla Habana White Pearl,5 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth and creamy
La Perla Habana White Pearl,5 out of 5,Nice smooth smoke; Tight Wrap,This is just the right size for a one hour stogie break. I like the tight wrap and even taste. Never got bitter.
La Perla Habana White Pearl,5 out of 5,Great Golf Course Smoke,The La Perla Habana White Pearl is a great cigar especially for the golf course.
La Perla Habana White Pearl,4 out of 5,Toasty smoke!,"Great even bodied smoke! Very light, toasty and smooth, and at such a great price point it really can't be beat!"
La Perla Habana White Pearl,5 out of 5,very good. I would re,very good. I would re purchase
La Perla Habana White Pearl,5 out of 5,La Perla is a pearl,"I like La Perla bc they smoke nice and easy, taste good and don’t canoe."
La Perla Habana White Pearl,4 out of 5,Good Smoke,Nice everyday Cigar.....Nice Burn...creamy smoke..Description shows mild but I find it more Mild to Medium
La Perla Habana White Pearl,2 out of 5,Harsh,"Regular La Perla smoker and these were not for me. Found them harsh and hard to stay lit, will not re order these."
La Perla Habana White Pearl,5 out of 5,pat g,excellent cigar !
La Perla Habana White Pearl,5 out of 5,Tasty & Mellow La Perla,If you like Mild then White Pearl is a good choice
La Perla Habana White Pearl,5 out of 5,Touch of gold for the price of silver,Great cigar for the price. Has the feel of an Atabey.
La Perla Habana White Pearl,4 out of 5,White Pearl,The best Mild-medium gar!
La Perla Habana White Pearl,5 out of 5,White pearl,Love them and love the prices
La Perla Habana White Pearl,5 out of 5,As good as macanudo Hyde Park Cafe,Great mild cigar -great value
La Perla Habana White Pearl,5 out of 5,Best cigar yet!!!,"This cigar is smooth and mild, but still with good flavor. Burns nicely too."
La Perla Habana White Pearl,5 out of 5,A morning cigar.,"This is a very good cigar, maybe even better than 5-vegas gold. About the same price too."
La Perla Habana White Pearl,5 out of 5,Quality. Mild but complex.,"A great quality smoke. I found the White Pearl to be a nice easy going mild cigar that burns well, but still has a complex palate. I think that these are priced right and I would definitely buy again."
La Perla Habana White Pearl,5 out of 5,Sweet Stick!,Delicious mild & priced right.
La Perla Habana White Pearl,5 out of 5,Good cigar,I smoked the toro and really liked it. Smooth and mild with a nice burn.
La Perla Habana White Pearl,3 out of 5,Good cigar,But a hard draw
La Perla Habana White Pearl,5 out of 5,La Perla Habana White Pearl toro,Make your lips tingle pepper and spice.
La Perla Habana White Pearl,5 out of 5,White Pearl toros,Very mild and enjoyable cigar. Bought a 5 pack to try them and I'm glad I did. Will certainly buy more
La Perla Habana White Pearl,5 out of 5,Good cigars,Will buy again
La Perla Habana White Pearl,5 out of 5,Relax and Chill,Perfect smoke to end a long day. Good every day cigar.
La Perla Habana White Pearl,4 out of 5,good cigar,"Good cigar, I like the robusto more, has a smoother finish. That one I would give 5 stars."
La Perla Habana White Pearl,4 out of 5,LaPerla Habana White Pearl,Mild & tasty like Macanudos. Great value & construction. Smooth draw.
La Perla Habana White Pearl,5 out of 5,smooth,This is my go to every day smoke.
La Perla Habana White Pearl,5 out of 5,Excellent,Consistently good. One of my favorites.
La Perla Habana White Pearl,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"Smooth, easy draw, never bitter. Truths of a great cigar. Like the feel in my hand, fits great and easy to hold."
La Perla Habana White Pearl,5 out of 5,White pearl,Definitely a favorite among all the molds.
La Perla Habana WIDE,4 out of 5,Average smoke.,Decent smoke. Nice draw’ bold but smooth.
La Perla Habana WIDE,5 out of 5,Rich and Robust,"A rich, flavorful smoke that goes well with a cup of coffee or a glass of bourbon. Enjoyable, relaxing smoke that is well made and burns evenly with rich, robust flavors."
La Perla Habana WIDE,4 out of 5,Dark but not too dark,A nice even smoke with full flavored smoke
La Perla Habana WIDE,5 out of 5,Great tasting cigar,Great tasting cigar
La Perla Habana WIDE,4 out of 5,Very good cigar for the,Very good cigar for the money
La Perla Habana WIDE,4 out of 5,Great smoke,I enjoyed this from the first draw. Smooth and satisfying. The second one ran a bit but still smoked great.
La Perla Habana WIDE,4 out of 5,Nice smoke.,Nice smoke with a nice full flavor. I love having these in the humidor. They cook for about 45 minutes and usually get better as the burn. If you like a big flaored stogie you will like these!
La Perla Habana WIDE,4 out of 5,"Decent smoke, not bad not","Decent smoke, not bad not great. A bit of canoeing on a few. Would purchase again."
La Perla Habana WIDE,4 out of 5,Mr White,Great smoke
La Perla Habana WIDE,4 out of 5,good smoke,good smoke
La Perla Habana WIDE,5 out of 5,Great cigars. I’m enjoying it,Great cigars. I’m enjoying it a lot . Wonderful cigars.
La Perla Habana WIDE,5 out of 5,One of my most favorite,"One of my most favorite Cigars, flavor, aroma and draw, ar great, my only thing is I don’t like torpedo cigars, I prefer a full 60 or 64 ring , because I keep it in my mouth most of the , then I light it up after dinner to relax"
La Perla Habana WIDE,5 out of 5,One of more enjoyable cigar,One of more enjoyable cigar I have in a long time! Highly recommended.
La Perla Habana WIDE,5 out of 5,Nice easy draw - GOOD,"Nice easy draw - GOOD flavor - will purchase again,"
La Perla Habana WIDE,5 out of 5,Robusto,Really nice and even smoking cigar
La Perla Habana WIDE,5 out of 5,good!,enjoyed them very much.
La Perla Habana WIDE,5 out of 5,La P.erla Habana Wide,Great customer service with great cigars!
La Perla Habana WIDE,4 out of 5,A solid cigar for the,A solid cigar for the price.
La Perla Habana WIDE,5 out of 5,Great cigar one of go,Great cigar one of go to smokes
La Perla Habana WIDE,5 out of 5,"Love ""em","I find these cigars to be quite excellent but again,,,they ARE from nicaragua and have that distinct Nicaraguan flavor profile.They have a perfect draw and a razor sharp burn and they don't go out every 20 seconds,,I particular like the size of the robusto,,,BIG,,,,FAT,,,and the length allows for a one hour smoke time,,,to me,,,,the longer vitolas become boring and harsh and after a certain amount of time,,,they just get nasty,,,I WILL continue too purchase these and keep my humidor stocked with them as long as they are available."
La Perla Habana WIDE,5 out of 5,yummy yummy,great smoke this is going to be one pf my go to cigars they are great
La Perla Habana WIDE,5 out of 5,yummy yummy,lots of flavor very tasty
La Perla Habana WIDE,4 out of 5,Good smooth,"Good smokes, smooth burning, excellent flavor"
La Perla Habana WIDE,5 out of 5,LA pera wides,Tree couple of times and quickly became my favorite. Smooth excellent after dinner cigar
La Perla Habana WIDE,5 out of 5,good cigar,very good cigar great flavor and long lasting
La Perla Habana WIDE,5 out of 5,LPH delivers again,"Excellent. Rich, thick smoke with sweet tones. Slow smoking ... nice. Torpedo is best for a long leisurely smoke, but the robusto is thick enough to give a reasonably long smoke."
La Perla Habana WIDE,5 out of 5,Very good cigar smooth,Very good cigar smooth
La Perla Habana WIDE,3 out of 5,Not one that I will reorder.,"It was impossible to injoy these cigars as about 1 or 2 in each 5 pack was packed so tightly, the draw was impossible and it required constant re-lighting. This negated any pleasure I may have injoyed with the flavor and relaxing experience of a good smoke. They would be a good choice for a person who just likes to hold or chew their cigar."
La Perla Habana WIDE,4 out of 5,Great Smoke,"Purchased these because the price was right.Very good smoke for the money.Nice even and slow burn,great flavor.I would and have recommended to my fellow smokers"
La Perla Habana WIDE,5 out of 5,The big boys,The wide is by far my favorite stick. It's smooth yet strong flavor is a huge hit with me. It burns and ashes up perfectly. A must have for maduro smokers :-)
La Perla Habana WIDE,5 out of 5,La perla,La Perla makes a great cigar period. I love the 1515 and wanted to give the Wide a try. I'm glad I did! cigar is full of flavor and has a good burn all the way through .
La Perla Habana WIDE,4 out of 5,Gordo49,Smooth
La Perla Habana WIDE,4 out of 5,Good everyday.,Great smoke for those times you are doing things around the house and you don’t have time to sit and really enjoy your smoke. So you grab one of these.
La Perla Habana WIDE,4 out of 5,THIS WIDE SHOULD HAVE WIDE APPEAL,"VERY NICE SIZE AND HEFT TO THE 6X60 SIZE. THE WRAPPER HAD THE APPEARANCE OF A VERY RUSTIC CIGAR;ALOT OF RIDGES AND STEMS THAT GAVE A ROUGH APPEAL. THIS SURPRISED ME FROM A LA PERLA PRODUCT AS I HAVE PREVIOUSLY EXPERIENCED THEM. THE DRAW IS EASY BUT HAS A LITTLE RESISTANCE THAT MAKES FOR A PLEASANT EXTRACTION OF THE FLAVOURFUL SMOKE. IT BURNS EVENLY, EVEN THOUGH A FASTER THAN ONE WOULD THINK A RING SIZE OF THIS GIRTH MIGHT, ENOUGH THAT IT DOES NOT REQUIRE ANY LIGHTER MANAGEMENT FOR WHEN IT STARTS TO BURN ONE WAY OR ANOTHER THE OTHER SIDE CATCHED UP IN SHORT ORDER. THE TASTES ONE GETS SEEM TO BE PREDOMINENTLY WOOD AND SPICE AND I HAVE HAD A HINT OF PEANUT ON MORE THAN ONE. THE BIGGEST SADNESS FOR ME THAT THERE IS HARDLY ANY BUZZ ASSOCIATED WITH THE CIGAR ; NO REAL NICOTINE JOLT TO SPEAK OF AT ALL. THIS IS QUITE A BIT MILDER THAN I HAD HOPED. IT IS NOWHERE NEAR THE FULL FLAVOUR RANGE, SO IF ONE IS HOPING IT WILL BE MORE OF A TOBACCO BLAST THEY WILL BE DISAGREEABLY SURPRISED. LEAVES A NICE TASTE ON THE TONGUE AND PROVES TO BE A GREAT VALUE. CANNOT GO WRONG ON THIS ONE"
La Perla Habana WIDE,5 out of 5,Wide on Flavor....,"Amazing smoke with rich full flavors. Probably the longest smoke I ever had before it ""turned."" Only complaint is that I keep bands in a cigar related book with notes and this band is very hard to get off--well glued and too long to light while still on."
La Perla Habana WIDE,5 out of 5,Smooth one,Loved it. Very smoke. Lots of creamy smoke. Perfect draw. Burned smoothly. Will orderkorenn
La Perla Habana WIDE,4 out of 5,La Perla Habana,Excellent best if in humidor couple of weeks
La Perla Habana WIDE,5 out of 5,enjoyable starter pack,enjoyable starter pack
La Perla Habana WIDE,5 out of 5,The best I've had in a while,smoke them on Friday nights and Saturday nights when I go to the bar I've been taking every day that damn good
La Perla Habana WIDE,5 out of 5,"Great cigar, Great price",Very happy with my order of LA Perla wide cigars.
La Perla Habana WIDE,5 out of 5,"Habana WIDE, great smoke.","Nice pull, smooth and burn. Tried it for the first time and enjoyed it. Will now be a must have in my humidor"
La Perla Habana WIDE,3 out of 5,WIDE,Not one of my favorite La Pera Habana's
La Perla Habana WIDE,5 out of 5,Simply enjoyable,This cigar is all around enjoyable. A well balanced cigar with good draw and just the right hit of flavor. No two notes overpower each other leading to....just a darn enjoyable smoke.
La Perla Habana WIDE,5 out of 5,New Wide is great.,"Great smoke, I have been a fan of the La Perla Habana Morado for a long time but the New Wide is a great smoke.
just ordered a box after finish the one's I had. This is now part of my rotation. Creamy and taste great. Price is great as well.
will continue to order them."
La Perla Habana WIDE,5 out of 5,Great cigar for the money..,Great cigar for the money.. Can't beat it .. Tried expensive cigars and dirt too .. This by far exceeded my expectations.. Definitely my new everyday cigucci
La Perla Habana WIDE,5 out of 5,La Perla Habana Wide Toro,I really enjoyed this cigar! First time I tried it and I will definitely get more
La Perla Habana WIDE,5 out of 5,Enjoyable,I have been smoking La Perla Habana Wide Toro for over a year. Very good taste and aroma. I have given some to some friend's of mine who said too me that it was one of the best cigar's that they ever smoked. I do believe that say's a lot for La Perla Habana Wide.
La Perla Habana WIDE,5 out of 5,la Perla Habana WIDE toro,"You would like to ask what I thought about this cigar.. I feel that this cigar was a nicely blended cigar that I can smoke at anytime of the day morning, noon and night.. I tried it with a cup of coffee and then with a nice glass of scotch.. It just blended in and made the experience rewarding.. I like the nuances and notes it gave.. It seems to me to have a little peppery taste towards the end of the smoke.. I also found the while sharing this cigar with my friends. Whom all have different tastes.. That we all enjoyed smoking this cigar together and having a great time together.! I would support and encourage anyone whom likes to smoke cigars with a group of friends to try this cigar! It's a great time! You can't go wrong even when smoking by ones self! Good luck and have fun!"
La Perla Habana WIDE,4 out of 5,"La Perla WIDE is ""big"" on flavor","While I'm not a fan of larger ring gauges, I am a fan of La Perla in general. The WIDE in robusto is only 55 gauge which is the smallest WIDE gauge. This blend was recommended to me even though I normally stick to the Morado blend these days. I was surprised to enjoy it as much as I did. The strength was not overwhelming and the favors were plentiful. I enjoyed it and look forward to the three left out of my five-pack."
La Perla Habana WIDE,5 out of 5,Great taster!!,"I actually got a 10 pack! It was great right out of the box. Great flavor, good burn and well constructed. Really smooth and will have more in future. Oh, I usually share some of my smokes with friends but am keeping these for myself except for piano player in band!!!!"
La Unica,5 out of 5,Excellent,A great smoke !
La Unica,5 out of 5,I've been burning these for,I've been burning these for many many years and absolutely love them!
La Unica,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
La Unica,4 out of 5,A good smoke,"I like a mild cigar. this one is a little inconsistent with the mildness. Some are awesome, some no so much. All have a good flavor. They are made excellent, with a good draw. Not sure if I'll get them again."
La Unica,5 out of 5,La Unica,"Smooth Dominican smoke
Not harsh
Very easy!"
La Unica,5 out of 5,Very tasty smoke,A very smooth draw and tasty cigar.
La Unica,5 out of 5,Great Buy,"Mild and smooth with no after taste.
Very nice cigar that no one knows."
La Unica,4 out of 5,"La Unica #100 Maduro ""New Prices""","Prices have been sent through the roof, may stop ordering."
La Unica,5 out of 5,Good Price with 25% off,They taste great.
La Unica,5 out of 5,Great cigar and shipped quickly,Great cigar and shipped quickly
La Unica,5 out of 5,La Unica #100 Maduro,I smoke only Maduro wraped cigars which most are medium to strong. But thats OK La Unica #100 maduro are mild and thats OK. I'am glad a friend gave me one about six years ago
La Unica,5 out of 5,Excellent product and service,Excellent product and service
La Unica,5 out of 5,Great smoke for a great,Great smoke for a great price.
La Unica,5 out of 5,Great Cigar !,"A lot of times, the biggest surprises come in small packages. These well crafted fine cigars are no exception. My favorite cigar."
La Unica,5 out of 5,La Unica,This La Unica #200 has always been a great smoke.
La Unica,5 out of 5,La unica,Just as I remember them. I love the Dominican leaf.
La Unica,5 out of 5,My husbands favorite cigar,"Hard to find, thanks for carrying smaller bundles."
La Unica,3 out of 5,Rich,Mild and smooth.
La Vieja Habana Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great everyday cigar,"smooth, mild, consistent smoke all the way down."
La Vieja Habana Connecticut,5 out of 5,Quality smoke..,Great little cigar! I was looking for the taste of Nicaragua confined to a 15-30 minute smoke break and this was perfect. I thoroughly enjoyed these and will be buying more.
La Vieja Habana Connecticut,5 out of 5,La Vieja Habana Connecticut Bombero,"one of my favorite cigars, been smoking them for quite a few years."
La Vieja Habana Connecticut,3 out of 5,La vieja habana,Average smoke! Start out smooth then get harsher!
La Vieja Habana Connecticut,5 out of 5,Awesome as usual,"Great flavor, well constructed. Becoming one of my favorites"
La Vieja Habana Connecticut,5 out of 5,Smooth smoke.,Nice mild smoke with a good burn. Enjoy an hour of afternoon smoking.
La Vieja Habana Connecticut,5 out of 5,Very smooth,Very smooth
La Vieja Habana Connecticut,4 out of 5,Great value,"Burn is good, draw is perfect, which is shocking for this type of cigar. Smoke output is medium, flavor is decent, nothing harsh at all. These are a good value, I would buy again."
La Vieja Habana Connecticut,4 out of 5,just a honest pleasent and,just a honest pleasent and mellow tasting cigar. the havano is a quality cigar at a very affordable price. will buy this box many times in the future
La Vieja Habana Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great cigar l will recommend,Great cigar l will recommend to anyone
La Vieja Habana Connecticut,5 out of 5,Very nice smoke,Another winner in my favorite line of smokes. Great for the price and there's something tasty about these all the way down to the nub.
La Vieja Habana Connecticut,4 out of 5,Nice mellow cigar with good,Nice mellow cigar with good flavor and constructed well with good draw.
La Vieja Habana Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Very smooth and burns well..
La Vieja Habana Connecticut,5 out of 5,Smooth and Mild,I really enjoy this cigar. It is mild and burns evenly.
La Vieja Habana Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great smokes,Enjoy every one of these cigars. They burn evenly and are quite enjoyable. Have been. Using them for years and will continue to do so.
La Vieja Habana Connecticut,4 out of 5,Drew estate,Little dry but still a good smoke
La Vieja Habana Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great Christmas gift.,I bought these for my husband and I believe they are one of his favorites. He says the flavor is great and has an even burn. I believe that these will continue to be on his Christmas wish list.
La Vieja Habana Connecticut,5 out of 5,Over the Top!!,"Truly a great cigar! If you like mellow, great taste and easy draw this one’s for you!!"
La Vieja Habana Connecticut,5 out of 5,La Vieja Habana Connecticut,Good cigar for the money
La Vieja Habana Connecticut,4 out of 5,Awsome,Mello cigar perfect with coffee in the morning or just about anytime very smooth well worth the money
La Vieja Habana Connecticut,5 out of 5,Love these cigars!,"Favorite “go-to” mild cigar in my humidor. Even burning ash, stays lit, about a 75 minute smoke for me. Hints of chocolate, cherry, and almond. Great smoke at a great price!"
La Vieja Habana Connecticut,4 out of 5,Great Stick,Great everyday smoke and is perfect for that commute home or a quick after breakfast cigar.
La Vieja Habana Connecticut,5 out of 5,Excellent Smoke,Great flavor throughout the entire smoke. A must have for a daily smoke.
La Vieja Habana Connecticut,5 out of 5,Never a doubt,"I've had these cigars before and have become one of my favorites over the years. The flavor is there; even burn, and doesn't get over hot. There was never a doubt I was going to enjoy this order."
La Vieja Habana Connecticut,5 out of 5,Top Dollar Cigar,Must be good!!! CI never puts this one on sale
La Vieja Habana Connecticut,5 out of 5,This Cigar’s a Winner,"This is my “go to” cigar when I want a mild, flavorful smoke. They always burn true and taste great right down to the nub. I don’t reorder many brands, but I always head to the CI site when my stash of these gets low so I never run out. The Corojo version is also delicious!"
La Vieja Habana Connecticut,5 out of 5,fav,My dad's favorite!
La Vieja Habana Connecticut,4 out of 5,Nice Mild Smoke for a Great Price,This is a mild cigar and can easily be a good and reliable daily smoke. The cigar is well constructed and the flavor is consistent throughout. I recommend storing this cigar in the humidor for a while before you enjoy it.
La Vieja Habana Connecticut,5 out of 5,La Vieja Habana Connecticut Bombero,The La Vieja Habana Connecticut Bombero has become one of my favorite every day smokes. I have been smoking them for a few years and still enjoy them very much.
La Vieja Habana Connecticut,5 out of 5,Mike evangelista,Good quality
La Vieja Habana Connecticut,5 out of 5,Excellent Connecticut shade cigar,"I'm partial to CT shade wrappers as I lived in Windsor Locks, CT for many years. This cigar is an excellent example of a mild CT shade smoke.
Out of the box it has a light brown color with a scent that is pleasingly mild, indicative of the taste once you light it. It has an easy draw with lots of creamy smoke. It has a consistent even burn with a white ash that hangs on for a couple of inches despite being a mixed filler. Because of the mixed filler having smaller tobacco pieces I use a punch rather than cut the whole end off to avoid loose shreds. I smoke them to the nub because they taste great all the way."
La Vieja Habana Connecticut,5 out of 5,Love em!!!,i love this cigar!!!
La Vieja Habana Connecticut,5 out of 5,nice cigar,"I'm not an aficionado but I know that I enjoy this particular cigar. Its affordable, not too harsh, has a fantastic ash, burns slow, and is most enjoyable. I'm on my 3rd box of 20 and will get more in the future. As always, ymmv but I give these guys two thumbs up. My 2¢"
La Vieja Habana Connecticut,2 out of 5,JR FLA.,"It is an ""OK"" cigar not overwhelming if you prefer a mellow body smoke. it is a bitter smoke with slight peppery embellishments, burn was good but was hot on pallet, even after resting in my humidor. Good thing they were on sale, but I believe if a friend offered me one in the distant future, I would pass."
La Vieja Habana Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Needs to be in everyone's humidor.
La Vieja Habana Connecticut,5 out of 5,Worth The Money,"I have been smoking cigars for several years. I was always trying new cigar and I can't tell you how I came across the La Vieja Habana Connecticut Chateau Corona. Without a doubt, the most satisfying smoke that I have come across. It is actually the best kept secert. By far my favorite cigar. The 46x5.5 is the perfect 30 minute cigar. There are only two cons with this cigar. One, the price continues to go up and the worst of all, I have never seen this cigar on sale. I still buy two boxesw at a time. Well worth the money."
La Vieja Habana Corojo,5 out of 5,My morning smoke!,"$11 for 10? Great price and one of the best little smokes I can find. This is my morning coffee smoke. Great flavor and surprising well built! I love them, ordered multiple times."
La Vieja Habana Corojo,5 out of 5,Awesome thank you,Awesome thank you
La Vieja Habana Corojo,4 out of 5,Smooth finish,"I have tried their maduro, very good and this is the first time for this one. I am enjoying the smooth taste of this Bombero. Drew Estates is usually very consistent with their product."
La Vieja Habana Corojo,5 out of 5,good,good rope
La Vieja Habana Corojo,5 out of 5,Great cigar. Last two boxes,Great cigar. Last two boxes were dry though. Wrapper cracked out of the box. Few days in the humidor solved the problem
La Vieja Habana Corojo,5 out of 5,Solid,This is a really good smoke. Solid construction. Good burn with lots of flavorful smoke
La Vieja Habana Corojo,5 out of 5,La Vieja,"For the price a really good smoke. Good smoke, mellow taste, does burn kinda hot towards the end. I will continue to purchase cigars."
La Vieja Habana Corojo,5 out of 5,Great smoke!!,It's definitely a celebration smoke as its title. Had it for display for a family event and people that aren't cigar smokers were smoking it.
La Vieja Habana Corojo,5 out of 5,Good afternooner,Great cigar as i work in my woodworking shop. Let it go out retrim and good to go.
La Vieja Habana Corojo,5 out of 5,A good cigar for every,A good cigar for every day
La Vieja Habana Corojo,4 out of 5,La veija habana cuban corojo rothchilde luxe,This is a good cigar at a reasonable price. It is a mixed filler cigar and I would recommend a punch cut or v- cut to cut down on loose tobacco in the mouth. The flavors and body are medium.
La Vieja Habana Corojo,5 out of 5,Fantastic cigar,I bought these years ago and remembered them being very good. Decided to buy another box for my bachelor party. Was not disappointed. Fantastic cigar.
La Vieja Habana Corojo,4 out of 5,Good enough flavor for every,Good enough flavor for every day. Smooth smoke
La Vieja Habana Corojo,4 out of 5,Real Good Smoke!,"Tasty, good even draw, burns really well! I will purchase them again!. Enough Said! Ted B. Palm Bay Fl."
La Vieja Habana Corojo,5 out of 5,La Vieja Habana Corojo Celebracion National,"These cigars are the best, smooth, rich and tastey!"
La Vieja Habana Maduro,5 out of 5,Good,Good
La Vieja Habana Maduro,4 out of 5,Decent stick,Decent stick
La Vieja Habana Maduro,4 out of 5,Very Good Blend,"A very good cigar.Great flavor and construction.Milder than some of the Maduros out there,a good change of pace.I will buy them again."
La Vieja Habana Maduro,5 out of 5,"Excellent small cigar, reasonably priced.","Excellent small cigar, reasonably priced."
La Vieja Habana Maduro,5 out of 5,EveryDay!!,These are my everyday smoke!! Great for the price!!
La Vieja Habana Maduro,5 out of 5,Tastey stick,"Lots of smoke ( almost like a top fuel take offf ) smooth draw, smooth flavor in the beginning mild kick in the end. Overall a good stick for a great price. But what do you expect from the makers of ACID cigars."
La Vieja Habana Maduro,3 out of 5,Decent cigar,Decent cigar
La Vieja Habana Maduro,3 out of 5,For the money!,"Good draw, fair construction, the price is right."
La Vieja Habana Maduro,4 out of 5,very good Cigar smooth tastes,very good Cigar smooth tastes good
La Vieja Habana Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,"Good Smooth Maduro flavors from this cigar. Excellent draw, construction and burn. A very good mixed filler cigar. Tons of smoke like a true DE cigar! Nice little zest to this cigar to keep it interesting."
La Vieja Habana Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
La Vieja Habana Maduro,4 out of 5,Very good cigar,Very good cigar
La Vieja Habana Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent Everyday Maduro,"This is the second box of these I've bought and the quality is as good as the first box.This is one of the very few sticks I can smoke all the way down to the Youch!Great taste,even burn,and they stay lit.The packaging is a little funky,but the cigars came in excellent condition.Give them a try,no disappointments."
La Vieja Habana Maduro,5 out of 5,Drew Estate hidden gem,"I picked up one of these in a local shop on a whim one day and couldn't believe how good it was at such a respectable price point. I soon ordered a box from CI and will have this as a staple in my humidor. The burn stay's pretty even, smooth draw, well constructed, and medium flavor notes and body. It's a good everyday stick."
La Vieja Habana Maduro,5 out of 5,drew estate....cant go wrong!,"Great cigar, great price,....however about five of my cigars were cracked and brittle :(. Other than that ....can't complain."
La Vieja Habana Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"This cigar has it all.Great taste,stays lit,easy draw with lots of smoke,a very even burn,and all at a great price.If you've been looking for a good everyday maduro at an affordable price tag,than you should give this cigar a try.I'll definitely be buying them again!"
La Vieja Habana Maduro,5 out of 5,Im no officianado,"This is one of my go to golfing cigars, not long lasting but oh so pleasant"
La Vieja Habana Maduro,5 out of 5,One of my favorites,Been smokin these for years. They are a staple in my humidor. Quality is always excellent.
La Vieja Habana Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Great Cigar - a buddy pass this stick to me in New Orleans several years and I put it away and brought it back home to NC and have been smoking it every since!
La Vieja Habana Maduro,5 out of 5,Flavor bomb,"Love the maduro wrapper.
Good everyday smoke"
La Vieja Habana Maduro,5 out of 5,Good smokes,One of my favorites. Had to find a new one since they dont handle Cararzon by davidoff any more . Now that was a great cigar and priced right . Bring it back
La Vieja Habana Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigars,They're not expansive and are great ! Taste great and the smoke rolling out of the ash smells terrific.
La Vieja Habana Maduro,5 out of 5,great smoke !,burns true smooth draw excellent finish
La Vieja Habana Maduro,5 out of 5,#1 in customer service!,I had an issue with the first one. Called the day I recieved and it's was taken care of that day. Wouldn't shop anywhere else!
La Vieja Habana Maduro,3 out of 5,Decent affordable cigar,Only about 3 inches was burn able and I would use a hole punch instead of a cutter.
La Vieja Habana Maduro,5 out of 5,"As expected, another fine product from DE......","An affordable Maduro gem that's well worth the price. Easy on the wallet, and easy on the pallet. A smoky medium bodied treat."
La Vieja Habana Maduro,4 out of 5,Smooth taste,Great cigar good quality really enjoy smoking these.
La Vieja Habana Maduro,5 out of 5,They are very good,They are very good
La Vieja Habana Maduro,5 out of 5,Bombero,Great cigar for the price. A++++++++ Drew Estates !!!
La Vieja Habana Maduro,5 out of 5,my new every day go to cigar.,"This is now my every day go to after dinner, great value, very nice flavor, good smoke production and firm ash. I really like this cigar and the price is just great."
La Vieja Habana Maduro,2 out of 5,Short filler!,Short filler! I'm disappointed that Drew Estates would fill a premium cigar with clippings! There is hardly a more frustrating experience than clipping off the head only to be rewarded by shredded tobacco on your tongue.
La Vieja Habana Maduro,5 out of 5,First Drew Estate Cigar,Being the first cigar blend that drew estate made I think this is a must have for anybody that is the Drew Fan. Very delicious flavor with a great draw of coarse!
La Vieja Habana Maduro,5 out of 5,Hard to find...but well worth it.,Only place I've been able to find the La Vieja! Glad I did...quality has been what I'd expect from CI and Drew Estate.
La Vieja Habana Maduro,4 out of 5,Superb non premium,"its a great cigar if you consider price, flavor, complexity and concistency. The Brazilian wrapper makes all the difference."
Lars Tetens Cubagua,5 out of 5,"Creamy, mild and consistent","This is a phenomenal cigar. It is a mild smoke with a blend of tobacco with a grassy, earthy taste. Excellent construction, burn and draw. It is a prime choice for a before dinner cigar or with a cup of coffee."
Lars Tetens Grass,4 out of 5,Unique Cigar,Very unique blend. earthy flavors - This one is good but not for everybody’s plate. I suggest a five pack to try and judge for yourself.
Lars Tetens Serie D,5 out of 5,Out of the ordinary,"I wasn't expecting a run of the mill cigar from Lars and this is definitely not ordinary. The pre-light aroma and the start of the cigar is bordering on strange, very hard to describe. (Maybe super, super leathery?) But as I smoked it down it just got better with every puff. The strangeness of the flavor wears away and it becomes a very awesome full-bodied cigar. It has apparently a habano wrapper with a nice oily appearance with some toothiness. Draw is slightly firm which leads to a slow, even and cool burn. I smoked it down to about 3/4 inch, definitely a nubber. No overpowering or nasty aftertaste."
Lars Tetens Serie D,5 out of 5,Patiently Waiting,I pre-ordered a box of Toros about a month ago and will be waiting more than another month to receive it. If these are anywhere close in taste and quality to what they were back in the day then I'm very confident they will be worth the wait and worth every cent I spent. I think that Lars teaming up with Alec Bradley Cigars bodes well. Eagerly looking forward to trying them.
Lars Tetens Steam Punk,5 out of 5,Worth Waiting For,"A unique and wonderful smoke! This is not your father's Lars Teten! While there are some unique fruity dark cherry flavors, it does not contain anywhere near the herbal infusion of its' predecessors. A bit soft to the feel, it burned laser sharp. An incredibly smooth medium bodied cigar. I nubbed it! Get some! They are unlike anything else on the market today."
Las Cabrillas,5 out of 5,this is my favorite cigar.,"this is my favorite cigar. everyone i smoke is mild, never harsh, and they burn even all the way down. i have bought several boxes and they have all been the same."
Las Cabrillas,5 out of 5,Consistently good quality and value.,Consistently good quality and value. I like a mild smoke and it delivered.
Las Cabrillas,5 out of 5,Great cigar. Burns amazing!,Great cigar. Burns amazing!
Las Cabrillas,5 out of 5,The ponce de leon is the best size in this cigar,"To truly experience just how this cigar is, you need to try the ponce de leon. Many of you and all of you should know that the smaller ring cigars that are on the longer side are usually rolled by the best rollers as they are the hardest to roll. I can't remember a bad rolled Las cabrillas in this size. Other cigars,good cigars on the milder side use Mexican tobacco as binders or fillers. That's why I tried Las cabrillas and it's now my favorite because the combination of tobacco's used provide a complex taste profile seldom found in cigars of this strength. A very good cigar right done to the last inch."
Las Cabrillas,5 out of 5,Favorite cigar,I’ve been buying these for over 20 years...suggest you give them a try.
Las Cabrillas,4 out of 5,Good for price,Good for price
Las Cabrillas,5 out of 5,affordable cigar,This is one of my favorite cigars.
Las Cabrillas,4 out of 5,Very good and happy with,Very good and happy with
Las Cabrillas,4 out of 5,"Always a good cigar, at","Always a good cigar, at a great price"
Las Cabrillas,5 out of 5,Outstanding cigar,This is such a fine cigar for the price. Wish I had another choice than the box of 15. Would like a box of 25 instead.
Las Cabrillas,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"Great size, fresh, burns well, and taste nice. Everything I want in a cigar."
Las Cabrillas,2 out of 5,Harsh and poor construction,I really like their Balboa but these Cortez's burn harsh and so far every one I had is of very poor construction. Lots of hollow spots and very poor burn
Las Cabrillas,5 out of 5,"Nice smooth taste,","Nice smooth taste,"
Las Cabrillas,5 out of 5,Las Cabrillas Balboa. Excellent cigar for a well earned treat.,Smooth from the first smoke to the last. Never disappoints. My number one I every day cigar..
Las Cabrillas,5 out of 5,Good daily smoke,Mild. Burns well
Las Cabrillas,5 out of 5,Good for the price - but chancy,"I've been buying Balboas for years. Best cigar for the price in my opinion. However, occasionally get a box that the cigar burns down one side .. which is aggravating to say the least. Clipping off the end and r-lighting has no affect.."
Las Cabrillas,2 out of 5,Nice flavour front to back,Nice flavour front to back but draw and burn very inconsistent . Spoils an otherwise good smoke.
Las Cabrillas,5 out of 5,My husband really likes these,My husband really likes these cigars! And Cigar International has the best prices and quick delivery!
Las Cabrillas,5 out of 5,FANTASTIC,"LAS CABRILLAS BALBOAS ARE THE BEST. A NICE DRAW, CREAMY FLAVOR, ALWAYS ONE OF MY FAVORITE SMOKES!!!"
Las Cabrillas,4 out of 5,Always consistent and never disappoints.,Always consistent and never disappoints.
Las Cabrillas,5 out of 5,Good cigar,This is a good everyday cigar for the money.
Las Cabrillas,5 out of 5,Great value,Great value
Las Cabrillas,4 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth and great flavor!
Las Cabrillas,4 out of 5,Liked it,Draws smooth burns even nice cigar for the money I would buy them again
Las Cabrillas,3 out of 5,A good every day smoke,A good every day smoke for the money. Mild and well made
Las Cabrillas,5 out of 5,This is a great cigar,This is a great cigar one of the best on the market
Las Cabrillas,5 out of 5,Love them,This is my go to every day smoke
Las Cabrillas,5 out of 5,Consistent high quality mild smoke,"Consistent slow burn, flavorful but not over the top. Mild great cigar.
Don't need to brush your teeth five times after smoking."
Las Cabrillas,4 out of 5,Great cigar for the money,Great everyday cigar. My favorite on the golf course. Very tasty
Las Cabrillas,5 out of 5,Great,I smoke on the golf course a lot and this cigar is great. It smokes smooth and burns evenly and last quite a few holes.
Las Cabrillas,5 out of 5,GREAT VALUE,GREAT VALUE
Las Cabrillas,5 out of 5,Shocking little number!,"I have to admit. When these landed on the shelves at the shop, I looked at the price and could not imaging a churchill of this size being any good at ALL with the price point.
But Because I have to try everything, I clipped and lit one of these little wonders. WOW.. The flavor is awesome, the complexity, although a little mild is certainly present and well defined.
All in all, this guy is well worth trying for a daily smoke."
Las Cabrillas,5 out of 5,Fred Abrams,Love them...
Las Cabrillas,5 out of 5,Love them they gave a,Love them they gave a good taste
Las Cabrillas,5 out of 5,Mike M.,Las Cabrillas may be one of the natural wonders of Honduras. Love this cigar.
Las Cabrillas,5 out of 5,Great cigar for little money,"These cigars are a tasty everyday smoke. A lot of sweet pepper taste,all the way to the end."
Las Cabrillas,5 out of 5,Glad to see the shipping,"Glad to see the shipping time is back to where it was a couple years ago, 2-3 days to us."
Las Cabrillas,5 out of 5,Fred Abrams,Love the service...good prices...great selection
Las Cabrillas,4 out of 5,Economical Las Cabrillas rates high in my book.,"Las Cabrillas is a true gem. The price point is unbelievable for a cigar of this taste and quality. I have had better, more-expensive cigars, and lots of cigars that were horrible and still more expensive than this cigar. Properly humidified the cigar burns for a couple of hours. Great for watching a football game and having adult beverages along with it. XO grade brandy is a great pairing."
Las Cabrillas,5 out of 5,Great cigar and always fantastic service from C.I.,"Excellent value, smooth smoke, highly recommend"
Las Cabrillas,5 out of 5,EXCELLENT!!,"Las Cabrillas!! Still an excellent cigar !!! Nice draw, long lasting, fine bouquet!! Keep it up!!"
Las Cabrillas,5 out of 5,I've always liked these. A lot.,"I'm partial to CT wrappers and Mexican fillers. These cigars are great tasting smokes and relatively inexpensive. I've smoked many, many brands, shapes, etc., yes- even some cubans while in London and Canada, but these burn really well, draw well, and taste great—consistently. Strong enough but not too strong- and they last, last, last. I smoke them down to a nub usually... lol. I have several Las Cabrillas cigar boxes around my workshop because I've been a fan for a long time. Other smokes I like to give point of reference are Punch, Hoyo de Monterrey, Rocky Patel, and Padron. Those are typically Honduran but these are similar- and just have that great taste."
Las Cabrillas,5 out of 5,CI Never lets me down.,Great cigars in perfect harmony with great prices and service. Now really? What cigar affectionado could ask for more than that?
Las Cabrillas,5 out of 5,Great mild enjoyable smoke,This is a reasonably priced cigar that provides a great flavor. I like the ring size and length.
Las Cabrillas,3 out of 5,Not bad!,It's not the best nor the worst smoke I've had. It's a mild smoke that doesn't leave an after taste.
Las Cabrillas,5 out of 5,smokers delight!!!!!stone mountain.ga,Wow!!!!! this is really a great smoke!! not just for the smoke; but the taste is pretty attractive yet smooth .....the price has grown a bit from the bx of 25 dn to the bx of 15 but still a pretty good deal!!!!! I don'y buy as many as I used to but I enjoy it just as much!!!! i'd buy more but the price has grown!!!!!
L'Atelier,5 out of 5,Great little cigar,"This cigar was just what I was looking for
Short smoke,good flavor,and well made"
L'Atelier,4 out of 5,Like it,Picked up this stick at Cigarfest over this past weekend (a must if you have not been) and it burns well with a great taste. I would certainly suggest as a daily price worthy smoke.
L'Atelier,5 out of 5,Fantastic cigar.,I am a big fan of the L'Atelier line. A very good everyday stick or one for the herf.
L'Atelier,5 out of 5,Purchased a box of Latlier,Purchased a box of Latlier 54 from CI and was very pleased with product and with shipping
L'Atelier,3 out of 5,Pretty good.,Decent little in-between smoke. Definitely doesn't carry the flavor of the full sized L'Ateliers but still a good little buy.
L'Atelier,5 out of 5,Great!!,Great cigar Pete (and his buddies)has done it again definitely buying boxes of these
L'Atelier,5 out of 5,"L'Atelier LAT56, great cigar!!","One of my favs, packed with flavor, and smoothe as hell. Hard to find in stores, but good ole Cigars International always takes care of business!!!"
L'Atelier El Suelo,4 out of 5,Good everyday smoke,Good everyday smoke
L'Atelier El Suelo,5 out of 5,Great value,Excellent quality and arrived promptly
L'Atelier El Suelo,5 out of 5,Good value,Excellent cigar from Pete Johnson without the expense.
L'Atelier El Suelo,5 out of 5,El suelo,Excellent smoke. One of the best I’ve had and the price was reasonable. I will get this again
L'Atelier El Suelo,5 out of 5,Consistent Product,Great semi-bold smoke at a price that doesn’t break the bank.
L'Atelier El Suelo,5 out of 5,Great!!,Pete and the guys truly pay just as much attention to his bundles than he does with his top shelf boxes! Great stick
L'Atelier El Suelo,4 out of 5,Favorite golf cigar.,Always a nice burn.
L'Atelier El Suelo,5 out of 5,Finally,"after 3 very poor shipping experiences, a supervisor took care of me and I was very satisfied by the results"
L'Atelier Identite,4 out of 5,Great evening cigar with a,Great evening cigar with a glass of whiskey
L'Atelier Selection Speciale,4 out of 5,LAT46,"This cigar has promise... I have smoked 3 of 5, and the first two had a super tight draw spoiling the experience. The 3rd was a dream. I'll try them again for sure."
L'Atelier Selection Speciale,4 out of 5,"Beautiful stick with good flavor, just tightly packed.","I picked up a single torpedo just give a try. The beautiful criollo wrapper appears flawless and so does the constructions. However, this particular stick was very tight. It has a really nice smoke output - just hard to draw. The flavor at first was nice spice and not overpowering. But, midway, I feel like I'm missing the subtleties because of the hard draw, and it became slightly bitter. I'd still try the other vitolas because I think this one has real promise."
L'Atelier Selection Speciale,5 out of 5,High quality,Really enjoyed this one. Haven't heard much about it but the wrapper and triple cap are perfect and the flavor is unique.
L'Atelier Surrogates,4 out of 5,Love me some crumbs,One of the best 15 minute smokes on the market power and flavor .
L'Atelier Surrogates,3 out of 5,Good. Just not THAT good.,"Fairly one-dimensional smokes, and a bit on the pricey side for cigarillos."
L'Atelier Surrogates,2 out of 5,L'Atelier Surrogates Satin Glove,"This is not the cigar that I remember! Every one (five pack) was really tight on the draw, and didn't have the type of natural flavor that I remember. Unless I got a bad batch, I can't recommend these any longer."
L'Atelier Surrogates,4 out of 5,Enjoyable smoke,"I bought these because I enjoyed the Animal Cracker. These definately need to sit in the humidor a couple weeks for the best taste. I didn't like the packaging at all, too hard to open and you risk damaging the product. They are small so they lend themselves to a quick smoke when time doesn't permit a larger cigar. They were very enjoyable, but not as strong on flavor as the Animal Cracker. I will buy more for sure."
L'Atelier Surrogates,5 out of 5,L'Atelier Surrogates Cracker Crumbs,"Excellent smoke. However I am curious sometimes they are a lighter wrapper leaf with a white ""surrogates"" band. And other times a bit darker leaf with a black band. The black banded ones are a bit bolder & I prefer them."
L'Atelier Surrogates,5 out of 5,Awesome smoke,One of my new favorites.....everyone must try this flavor bomb!
L'Atelier Surrogates,5 out of 5,My MUST have.,This is the perfect 2nd cigar of the night. For those nights when you finish one and just are not quite done yet.
L'Atelier Surrogates,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Excellent sticks
L'Atelier Surrogates,5 out of 5,Cracker Crumbs,They're really good and tasty short smokes. Perfect for when you're crunched for time. Thank you.
L'Atelier Surrogates,5 out of 5,Great little cigars,Great flavor and great value on these. Perfect when you're short on time. I smoke them on my lunch break. Burn time is about 45 mins.
L'Atelier Surrogates,5 out of 5,Nice smokes!,"Starting to prefer smaller cigars and these fit the bill. nice smokes, good flavor, will but more!"
L'Atelier Surrogates,5 out of 5,Awesome smoke,"Like everything else Pete Johnson touches, these are an amazing short smoke that never fails to deliver. If you like the Surrogates brand you need to try these"
L'Atelier Surrogates,3 out of 5,Tasty sticks,"The sticks were at a great price and came in a timely manner, but upon opening the soft pack some of the foots were cracked! Great cigar, but the handling might not have been so great."
L'Atelier Surrogates,5 out of 5,Yum,Only thing out there that compares is the papas Fritas. The cracker crumb is marvelous! I'm smoking them like tic tacs!
L'Atelier Surrogates,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Flavor doesn't stop. Love the San Andres wrapper...will stock up
L'Atelier Surrogates,5 out of 5,"Short, but sweet!","Lush delicious smoke, and the perfect size. I'm deployed currently and can rarely sneak out for a 'gar. It would be nice to be able to get outside for a break with a short cigar at all...but this particular short cigar makes each time downright enjoyable. I look forward to my break for more than just getting away from my desk...thanks Pete Johnson!"
L'Atelier Surrogates,4 out of 5,Pleasantly Surprised,"I purchased on a whim and was pleasantly surprised. I'm not a conisur of describing the tastes of cigars, but my smoke was a smooth well blended experience with an even burn and most importantly a pleasant taste and smell with no bad after taste or diminishing returns as I finished."
L'Atelier Surrogates,5 out of 5,Excellent!!,Great smokes!!
L'Atelier Surrogates,5 out of 5,A.Flores CVR,"Very impressed with the processing time. I ordered at 1pm Thursday, of course I got free shipping with Joe's Daily Deal. .. everything was on my doorstep by 430pm Friday... W0ell done CI!"
L'Atelier Surrogates,5 out of 5,CRACK!!! er' Crumbs,"These little gems are nothing short of amazing. You get the enjoyment of a full size cigar in a small package. If you think this is a quick smoke than your in for a surprise. Cracker Crumbs (Animal Cracker's little brother), is a medium/full bodied cigar that has a nice even burn and is full of flavor. Everyone's taste is different but I would highly recommend these."
L'Atelier Surrogates,4 out of 5,Put it in the rotation.,"Though it's the lowest rated by CA, I thoroughly enjoyed it. Even burn, no problems. With such a mild start, the flavor really intensified with each pull. Really pleasant aftertaste."
L'Atelier Surrogates,2 out of 5,So so,I was a little disappointed. The burn on all 5 cigars was uneven and required frequent touch ups and the flavor wasn't what I was expecting. I'm still glad I tried them. It's all about the adventure. I plan on trying the other surrogates line as well
L'Atelier Trocadero,5 out of 5,Just a nice mellow stick!,"I picked some up while on special, for my morning coffee — a pleasant surprise."
L'Atelier Trocadero,5 out of 5,Excellent Buy,Very good mellow smoke. As a matter of fact I just added them to my next order.
L'Atelier Trocadero,5 out of 5,Tracadario,I really enjoy this cigar. I will get it again and again
L'Atelier Trocadero,5 out of 5,Perfect morning cigar with some,Perfect morning cigar with some freshly brewed coffee
L'Atelier Trocadero,4 out of 5,Good cigar,"I bought these to try a new cigar blend and i like them.
Flavors seem to have increased with a little time in the humidor. The first few were decent but a nice strong nut and sweet spice flavor has started to show up in the past few sticks.
Smooth, good flavor, good construction and good burn.
I recommend as a buy and would buy again."
L'Atelier Trocadero,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke!!,Excellent smoke!!
Leaf by Oscar Connecticut,5 out of 5,Oscars are worth the hype,"A friend introduced these to me while visiting in Pittsburgh.
They are a smooth cigar if you’re burning the Madura or Connecticut wrapper.
Worth purchasing!"
Leaf by Oscar Connecticut,5 out of 5,Good deal,Great every smoke
Leaf by Oscar Connecticut,5 out of 5,My go to every time.,Fantastic smoke. Not a to firm or stiff. Great smooth flavor and plumes of glorious smoke. My go to at any cigar lounge or any occasion. Pair with Kentucky vanilla barrel cream ale and you're in for a great combo!
Leaf by Oscar Connecticut,4 out of 5,Leafs,"On a scale of 1 to 10, I will give the Conetictut 60 ring X 6"" a 10. The Robusto a a 9"
Leaf by Oscar Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Fantastic cigar!
Leaf by Oscar Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"Very flavorful, smooth cigar."
Leaf by Oscar Connecticut,5 out of 5,Leaf by Oscar,One of the best cigars I have smoked in years.
Leaf by Oscar Connecticut,5 out of 5,Quality Smokes,LEAF with the Connecticut wrappers are great. The bundle I received were dry. Not sure if CI is maintaining the proper humidity.
Leaf by Oscar Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,One of the BEST Cigars I've ever had! AAA+
Leaf by Oscar Connecticut,5 out of 5,A definite go too,"Great flavor, consistent burn and easy draw."
Leaf by Oscar Connecticut,5 out of 5,aaa+,aaa+
Leaf by Oscar Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,This Leaf cigar never disappoints!
Leaf by Oscar Corojo,5 out of 5,One of my favorite!!,One of my favorite!!
Leaf by Oscar Corojo,5 out of 5,Great smoke! No negative aspects,"Great smoke! No negative aspects with this cigar. Not overpowering, but plenty of smoke and solid flavors . Good burn and good anytime of the day!! Enjoy this one!"
Leaf by Oscar Corojo,5 out of 5,Best cigar,This is the best cigar I have ever smoke.
Leaf by Oscar Corojo,5 out of 5,Very very nice!,One of the few lanceros that has a good draw consistency! I’d about medium strength and good burn.
Leaf by Oscar Corojo,4 out of 5,Fantastic cigars.,Great cigars. Noticed a big difference between Corojo and the Maduro. Maduro much stronger then expected but both wer exceptional.
Leaf by Oscar Corojo,4 out of 5,Leaf by Oscar (Toro),"Very mild - good clean burn.- Nice aroma -Very good morning cigar
Give it 4 1/2 rating."
Leaf by Oscar Corojo,5 out of 5,Awesome,"These cigars are just perfect! They burn great and last a long time, Best Buy for a top cigar, worth the money."
Leaf by Oscar Corojo,5 out of 5,Awesome,Excellent smoke! I love the flavor & burn evenly very well. One of my favorite smokes.
Leaf by Oscar Corojo,4 out of 5,I want to go 5 but...,"I want to say 5 stars but something is holding me back. It burned like a champ, good smoke, cream, very mild. This may sound crazy as a review point but if you close your eyes after a puff, you wont even know when the smoke leaves your mouth, its that mild. However, I do get a slight cream taste and it was there for at least 70% of the cigar. The ash was not white by any means, had a tan ting, it held on long. The cigar never went out and again I got a lot of smoke, great draw."
Leaf by Oscar Corojo,5 out of 5,AMAZING,This is a cigar that sparks the palate like none I have had before. I keep these in my humidor all the time and is my favorite smoke.
Leaf by Oscar Corojo,5 out of 5,This Oscar is no grouch.,Wonderful! My absolute favorite!
Leaf by Oscar Maduro,5 out of 5,Also MY new favorite smoke!,"Also MY new favorite smoke! Thought it was a gimmick at first, but then I tried one. Right up there with my Ashton VSGs, Alec Bradley Magic Toast, Perdomo maduros..."
Leaf by Oscar Maduro,5 out of 5,Fire pit and bourbon kind of Cigar,"Great smoke around a fire pit with a glass of bourbon, and as an added plus you can toss the leaf wrapper in the fire to bring that tobacco smoke aroma into the air."
Leaf by Oscar Maduro,5 out of 5,Indulgence!,"This is by far one of the best smokes I have had! I tend to smoke less expensive cigars on the regular, but this is my”high end”’cogar that I like to indulge!"
Leaf by Oscar Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Very smooth and great taste!!!
Leaf by Oscar Maduro,5 out of 5,ALWAYS GREAT. NO PROBLEM WITH,ALWAYS GREAT. NO PROBLEM WITH THE DRAW AT LEAST AN HOUR AND A HALF SMOKE.
Leaf by Oscar Maduro,5 out of 5,"My first, and favorite cigar","This was the first cigar I ever had the pleasure of enjoying and let me say, it is a really wonderful experience.
I picked up this cigar while on vacation in the keys with a friend at the Greene Street Cigar Company.
As a new cigar smoker I didn't have even the slightest clue as what to get, but looking around the room, this one caught my eye. The presentation of it makes it stand out among other cigars wrapped in plastic. Seeing this was quite a big plus for me, because I love anything rustic and such a design normally shouts quality, and in this case I was right.
After purchasing it the man at the counter handed me some matches and I went on my way, after getting back to the hotel room I used a knife to cut the hole in the back and went out to the parking lot to give it a whirl.
Right off the bat I can say that it was delicious through and through, very mild, earthy flavor is how I would describe it, the pull was beyond smooth and the burn was very slow and even, I actually ended up finishing it over the course of 2 days. The cigar was very well put together and didn't fall apart at all.
Over all I don't think I could have asked for a better cigar for a first time, and they remain my favorite to this day."
Leaf by Oscar Maduro,5 out of 5,Awesome,Definite must try. Unique flavor
Leaf by Oscar Maduro,5 out of 5,My new favorite cigar!!,My new favorite cigar!!
Leaf by Oscar Maduro,5 out of 5,It’s like Christmas every time,"Don’t be fooled by the unsightly presentation. There is a magnificent cigar underneath. As the saying goes, “never judge a book by it’s cover“!"
Leaf by Oscar Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Very impressed with this smoke. Enjoyed it and would highly recommend it
Leaf by Oscar Sumatra,5 out of 5,"Sumatra , OSCAR","I love LEAF BY OSCAR.... THE MADURO IS GREAT BUT THIS ""SUMATRA"" IS THE BEST CIGARS I'VE SMOKED IN A LLLOONG TIME. VERY SMOOTH BUT WHAT A TASTY PUNCH AS YOU EXHALE! I KEEP LICKING MY LIPS after ea puff. Nutty, Toast, just GREAT. MAX OF TEXAS"
Leaf by Oscar Sumatra,5 out of 5,"Very nice,",Have not had a bad one yey. Permanent spot in by humidor
Leaf by Oscar Sumatra,5 out of 5,Great cigar.,"Great draw, great burn, great aroma. Just great."
Leaf by Oscar Sumatra,5 out of 5,Leaf by Oscar,These are great lanceros.
Leaf by Oscar Sumatra,5 out of 5,"Love the wrapping, the wrappers,","Love the wrapping, the wrappers, the slender style and the draw. All really good"
Leaf by Oscar Sumatra,5 out of 5,The Best Experience,"These cigars offer, arguably, the best cigar experience. From its leaf wrapper to the last taste, it brings an easy draw and a “no-bite” smoke."
Leaf by Oscar Sumatra,5 out of 5,Leaf by Oscar,Excelente cigar
Leaf by Oscar Sumatra,4 out of 5,Consistently good flavor. Burns well.,Consistently good flavor. Burns well.
Leaf by Oscar Sumatra,4 out of 5,Taste,Tasty stick. However crappy burn and too soft with a so so draw
Leaf by Oscar Sumatra,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,Looks strange with wrapper but unwrapped and smoked it is a fine cigar
Leaf by Oscar Sumatra,5 out of 5,Amazing,Amazing
Leaf by Oscar Sumatra,4 out of 5,Great Presentation,Nice white cloud of smoke. Easy pull. Soft light taste. Great everyday smoke.
Leaf by Oscar Sumatra,5 out of 5,Pleasurable - Highly Recommend!,"Such an enjoyable cigar. Got the 6x60. A full smoke, smooth, good ash, stays lit, pleasant taste, it’s like never ending goodness. On my 2nd bundle and my humidor will never be w/o these."
Leaf by Oscar Sumatra,5 out of 5,Nice Stick,Nice Stick
Leaf by Oscar Sumatra,5 out of 5,Very good smoke,"Very smooth, fantastic smell, definitely recommend."
Leaf by Oscar Sumatra,5 out of 5,Not just a gimmicky wrapper.,Fantastic. The only problem is that I don't have another. I plan on giving this cigar a permanent home in my humidor.
Leon Jimenes,5 out of 5,Consistent.,Consistent.
Leon Jimenes,3 out of 5,Leon Jimenes,"I bought a box of these without trying them first, but liked the Aurora 107 and thought I'd give these a try. They are OK, but hoenstly seemed to have dried out as a number have had the wrapper cracked as I smoked them. Not a bad medium strength, everyday cigar, but I don't think I would order another box of these again. I like the Aurora 107 more than these."
Liberation by Hamlet,5 out of 5,Great deep earthy smoke without the overwhelming kick. Great experience!,"Wow! A very deep earthy flavoured cigar, i also sense some woody notes. In its conneticut wrapper its smokes light, even though it has a bold profile it is not strong which makes it a great relaxing smoke that doesn't ring the head. Absolute amazing for beginners to try and experience this flavour similar to darker maduros without the dizzying strength. I am picking up a box for myself and company. Love it!"
Liberation by Hamlet,5 out of 5,A Must Try,A must try! A really great smoke......Impressive.....
Los Caidos,5 out of 5,Great cigar...even better cause.,"Perfect balance between smooth pull and flavorful body.
Great price for a better cause ... no brainer for my go to stick.
Just wish there were more boxes available."
Los Caidos,5 out of 5,Great cause awesome stick,Great cause awesome stick
M Bourbon by Macanudo,4 out of 5,It’s a new world for Macanudo,Hint of bourbon flavor smooth to medium cigar I enjoyed it
M Bourbon by Macanudo,5 out of 5,Fantastic stick,"Not a big fan of flavored cigars but this is the exception! Goes well with bourbon, single malt scotch or a cup of French roast coffee.
Good price point for the quality."
M Bourbon by Macanudo,5 out of 5,"Marvelous ""dessert"" cigar","Wonderfully flavorful! If you're a fan of cigars like the Acid Kuba Kuba, you'll love these marvelous dessert cigars from Macanudo. Slight sweetness with the bourbon infused flavor, and a beautiful aroma that even non-cigar smokers around you will love. Easy draw, long burning. And, yes, they are perfect accompanied by your favorite glass of bourbon."
M Bourbon by Macanudo,3 out of 5,"great taste, but..",2 out of 5 were rolled way too tight. Great taste
M Bourbon by Macanudo,5 out of 5,Must buy,This is a Good Stick. Infusion done correctly!
M Bourbon by Macanudo,5 out of 5,Taste the Bourbon,"Very Good, I can really taste the Bourbon."
M Bourbon by Macanudo,5 out of 5,Fantastic,"Smooth, flavorful cigar. These are my new favorite by far!"
M Bourbon by Macanudo,4 out of 5,Good but not great.,"A good cigar, draws well with a nice flavor. A bit weaker in taste than even the regular Macanudo. A solid enjoyable smoke none the less."
M Bourbon by Macanudo,5 out of 5,Good stick,"Being new to the cigar world, thought I'd give these a try. I'm glad I did, excellent smoke and a really good taste."
M Bourbon by Macanudo,5 out of 5,Just an overall gem to enjoy!,"These fragrant beauties are simply amazing. Their heavenly scent before firing it up only takes up the anticipation. Once lit, I just sat back and enjoyed draw after excellent draw. Lots of smoke, very mellow-medium bodied and excellent burn. The ash was also very good. I usually like CI Legends (Drew Estate) & Acid Cold Infusion and these have now elbowed their way into the regular rotation."
M Bourbon by Macanudo,5 out of 5,Great,Great
M Bourbon by Macanudo,5 out of 5,love em,"as always, pure joy!"
M Bourbon by Macanudo,5 out of 5,"Was all I expected, fantastic!","Was all I expected, fantastic! Great taste smooth draw and fantastic volume of smoke. What more could you ask for. Will definitely order again."
M Bourbon by Macanudo,5 out of 5,Krazy,They are very good tasting cigars thanks ..
M by Macanudo,4 out of 5,Smooth smoke good flavor,Smooth smoke good flavor
M by Macanudo,5 out of 5,Best I've had,My favorite cigar so far
M by Macanudo,5 out of 5,i like,nice
M by Macanudo,5 out of 5,Highly recommended infused cigar!,"One of the finest cigars that I've had. Some issues with uneven burning, but I could deal with that!"
M by Macanudo,5 out of 5,Tasty Smoke,I love these cigars! Great flavor. Better than the Macanudo Gold.
M by Macanudo,5 out of 5,great cigar,probably my fav macanudo
M by Macanudo,5 out of 5,Best Coffee Stick,one of the best sticks to go with my cup of joe. Sweet with a great aroma
M by Macanudo,5 out of 5,TASTY,TASTY
M by Macanudo,5 out of 5,New favorite,New favorite. All the guys love them too.
M by Macanudo,5 out of 5,"""M"" is my perfect smoke.","This is a very smooth smoke, the coffee is very very subtle so don't think it's a flavored cigar, it's more smooth with a great aftertaste. I can smoke one before I go to bed and wake up with no bitter taste the next morning. The perfect after dinner or night cap."
M by Macanudo,5 out of 5,Awesome Smoke!,"Great smoke, good ash and the aroma is attractive to the ladies😜"
M by Macanudo,5 out of 5,M,What a great stick. Love it with my morning coffee. Not so great after smoking a heavier stick unless you wait for awhile. Best morning and night with a nice glass of bourbon.
M by Macanudo,5 out of 5,Excellent!!!,Excellent!!!
M by Macanudo,5 out of 5,"All coffee, without the sweetness","This is very similar to the CI Legends by Drew Estate. The biggest difference is the sweetness taste that the Legends has, this does not, and that’s a good thing. I don’t like anything in my coffee, and a cup of black joe compliments this stick very well. This will be a purchase again for me."
M by Macanudo,5 out of 5,Smoked to the ring,"Very tasty, I could not put it down"
M by Macanudo,5 out of 5,My husband loves them,My husband found one locally and loved it. We found it here at an excellent price. He has been loving being able to relax with a great cigar after a long day.
M by Macanudo,5 out of 5,Actually delicious.,"I have had many different coffee infused cigars. Very now and then I like a coffee infused cigar for a change or when I have a sweet tooth. The ""M"" by Macanudo is as good as the come. Very well made. Best of all you can taste the quality tobaccos in this cigar and you can taste the coffee flavor all the way through. This cigar is dense, but has a great draw and even burn all the way through. Great flavor! After only my 3rd one out of the box, I immediately purchased a second box. Macanudo didn't just make a coffee infused cigar, they made it a great cigar!"
M by Macanudo,4 out of 5,M by Macanudo,"A very tasty, even burning, and good stick. would highly recommend for anyone who likes just a bit of flavoring (coffee) in a stick."
M by Macanudo,5 out of 5,Mmmmm,"I prefer the Belicoso for the easier draw, longer time to enjoy and if I had to let one go out for later, these seemed to maintain their base flavor."
M by Macanudo,5 out of 5,"mellow,good tasting .","mellow,good tasting ."
M by Macanudo,5 out of 5,Great In The Morning,"I've been looking for a ""coffee"" cigar to kick start my days with my morning cup. While always trying different sticks, I keep Java and Isla Del Sol in my go to rotation. Now I have a third option. The M is a great cigar to have with your morning cup of Joe and I would put it, for now, right between the two - Java, M and then Isla."
M by Macanudo,5 out of 5,Heavenly,Great Cigar with tasteful bouquet. Will purchase again.
M by Macanudo,2 out of 5,Too sweet,Too sweet
M by Macanudo,5 out of 5,Great Macanudo,"If you are a fan of cocoa flavored coffee, you will LOVE these dandy sticks of pleasure. The wrapper has a sweet taste and produces good smoke & a nice, firm, white ash that tells me the construction is solid. I bought a box of twenty, to savor each Saturday morning, with my coffee, to celebrate the beginning of my (hopefully) easy, weekend morning!"
M by Macanudo,5 out of 5,Macanudo M woot woot!,"Wow, great cigar, I am partial to infused cigars and have had most of them out there, the Macanudo M did not disappoint. I picked up a box at the new CI store in the Colony, had a feeling I would love them, first stick burned great and and tasted better. I like to mix the infused stoggies in with my regular smokes to keep things lively, thank you Macanudo."
M by Macanudo,5 out of 5,"Great smooth cigar, with awesome","Great smooth cigar, with awesome coffee taste and aroma"
M by Macanudo,5 out of 5,Frist puff cocoa flavor different,Frist puff cocoa flavor different then that spice at frist I wasn't crazy about it but the more I smoked it I looked it the burn was consistent it's a different sweet smoke
M by Macanudo,3 out of 5,A decent sweet creamy coffee stick.,This is a decent coffee flavored stick with good construction and a great aroma. The cap definitely has a sweetener infused in it akin to an ACID or a Java. Java takes it on the flavor but overall id buy theae again. Its not an everyday stick but something thats there when youre looking for a smooth sweet finish to your day. Its something different. On the draw you get a sweet coffee and Baileys note with more of that cream on the retro. That pretty much held on through the whole stick.
M by Macanudo,3 out of 5,Okay Cigar / Good Aroma,"I would have to give this one 3 out of 5. The aroma of this cigar is awesome. Good aroma of cocoa/chocolate, little coffee. As for the taste, it was kinda bland and lacked flavor but it burned well with good smoke. The construction was pretty good as well. It wasn't bad and for the price, it is cheaper than the Tabak's and Java. I would keep a couple in stock to smoke around friends because of the aroma (which I think is 5 star!)."
M by Macanudo,1 out of 5,POOR TASTING CIGAR - i DO NOT SAY THIS LIGHTLY,awful cigar - taste like sugar has been infused in this - took one puff and threw it away - I am not the only one - two others threw it away after 30 secs of lightning this up - what ever mac thinks they are doing they hit a STRIKEOUT on this- this is definite not a Macanudo cigar
Macanudo Cafe,5 out of 5,a proven winner,a proven winner
Macanudo Cafe,5 out of 5,Nice easy smoke,Nice easy smoke
Macanudo Cafe,4 out of 5,Superb!,Superb!
Macanudo Cafe,5 out of 5,Light and Tasty,A great easy smoke. Worth the price.
Macanudo Cafe,5 out of 5,The definition of mellow.,"The Cafe is the smokeable definition of mellow. When I'm looking for a shorter smoke than my usual Hyde Park/Robusto, the Petite Corona fits the bill."
Macanudo Cafe,5 out of 5,"Good cigar, Perfect for when","Good cigar, Perfect for when you don’t have the time to enjoy a full size cigar"
Macanudo Cafe,5 out of 5,Very good!!!,Very good!!!
Macanudo Cafe,5 out of 5,Another go to,If these are on sale always a go to for me
Macanudo Cafe,4 out of 5,Nice and mild,Nice and mild
Macanudo Cafe,4 out of 5,Satisfied with everything from C.I.,Satisfied with everything from C.I. So far.
Macanudo Cafe,5 out of 5,Good flavor,Good flavor
Macanudo Cafe,5 out of 5,Happy,Happy
Macanudo Cafe,5 out of 5,A favorite,A favorite
Macanudo Cafe,5 out of 5,Motherlode,The Motherlode is still the best value with great cigar choices.
Macanudo Cafe,5 out of 5,Always a classic smoke,"Mellow, well constructed, and flavorful. I buy them when I can afford them - especially when on sale!"
Macanudo Cafe,5 out of 5,Macanudo,Pleasant smoke. Burns evenly.
Macanudo Cafe,5 out of 5,Perfect Cigar,Perfect Cigar
Macanudo Cafe,5 out of 5,Mild and smooth at a,Mild and smooth at a good price.
Macanudo Cafe,4 out of 5,Great smokes!,Great smokes!
Macanudo Cafe,5 out of 5,Great service fast shipment,Perfection
Macanudo Cafe,5 out of 5,My absolute favorite. Wish I,My absolute favorite. Wish I could afford all the time
Macanudo Cafe,4 out of 5,"Overall, satisfied with my selections.","Overall, satisfied with my selections. Good value."
Macanudo Cafe,5 out of 5,Nice easy read while enjoying,Nice easy read while enjoying a macanudo ascot in the summer time
Macanudo Cafe,5 out of 5,Outstanding another favorite,Outstanding another favorite
Macanudo Cafe,5 out of 5,"Folks say- ""Wow what a","Folks say- ""Wow what a nice smell"" Hmmmm, maybe I should do these more often."
Macanudo Cafe,4 out of 5,My go to cigar!,My go to cigar!
Macanudo Cafe,5 out of 5,Macanudo is great.,Do not buy from this company. Took them a month to ship a small order. Never responded to any attempts to contact. Worst ever.
Macanudo Cafe,5 out of 5,Great cigars,Great cigars
Macanudo Cafe,5 out of 5,Thanks for your service,Thanks for your service
Macanudo Cafe,5 out of 5,Thank You,Thank You
Macanudo Cafe,4 out of 5,Excellent backup cigar,"When you're out of your favorites, this tasty stick will get you through until your next order arrives! Love it!"
Macanudo Cafe,5 out of 5,"Great Cigar, hoping for better customer service",I wrote to your customer service that the $40 gargoyle cutter I purchased arrive with a defect (burr in the blade) that lead to another defect (another burr in the blade).
Macanudo Cafe,5 out of 5,This has become my go,This has become my go to cigar.
Macanudo Cafe,5 out of 5,Smooth,Very smooth smoke and great when you have 20 to 30 min. to kill
Macanudo Cafe,5 out of 5,Great little smoke.,Great little smoke.
Macanudo Cafe,5 out of 5,Cafe Ascot,Great size for a quick smoke. Macanudo tobacco is one of my favorites.
Macanudo Cafe,5 out of 5,Just enough cigar to enjoy,Just enough cigar to enjoy with a beer .
Macanudo Cafe,5 out of 5,Best flavor!,Best flavor!
Macanudo Cafe,5 out of 5,Mellow Smoke.,Always a winner for a quick smoke in the back yard that is a reasonable price.
Macanudo Cafe,5 out of 5,nice,love this cigar!
Macanudo Cafe,4 out of 5,Nice,"These are a nice little smoke. Altho' .. they have a way of ""breaking"" on the wrapper. Which leads to draw problems. I just try to be careful with them and usually they turn out OK."
Macanudo Cafe,4 out of 5,GOOD LITTLE SMOKE,GOOD LITTLE SMOKE
Macanudo Cafe,5 out of 5,These are so consistently good,These are so consistently good - a great choice when you want have a few great draws but don’t have all day (or night) - they’re also great for the guests
Macanudo Cafe,5 out of 5,Great taste. Great tight ash.,Great taste. Great tight ash. Awesome smoke
Macanudo Cafe,3 out of 5,Cohiba red is not a,Cohiba red is not a good smoke for me the diesel was the best smoke and all the drew estate are great cigars
Macanudo Cafe,5 out of 5,classy with a hint of sweetness,love them
Macanudo Cafe,4 out of 5,Easy,Smooth and easy smoke.
Macanudo Cafe,5 out of 5,wow what a great cigar,my new favorite !!
Macanudo Cafe,4 out of 5,Mac Ascot,Good quality for the money. Has a very good consistency throughout. I would recommend these for those people that enjoy a smaller cigar
Macanudo Cafe,5 out of 5,Best everyday smoke on the,Best everyday smoke on the planet!
Macanudo Cru Royale,5 out of 5,Great smoke when aged,"Was in the humidor for a long time till I pulled it out. Want sure if it was 3 or 4yrs. Wasn’t expecting much as I’m not consistent with humidifier humidity. What a surprise. Great draw, smooth with great flavor. I’ve read a few reviews about wrapper issues but with a aging this was a great smoke!!"
Macanudo Cru Royale,4 out of 5,Very good.,Very good.
Macanudo Cru Royale,5 out of 5,Macanudo van crus,Most excellent stout smoke
Macanudo Cru Royale,5 out of 5,Macanudo Cru Royale,"2nd box I've ordered great smoke, good burn nice draw"
Macanudo Cru Royale,5 out of 5,Macanudo,"Great cigar, I will definitely order them again."
Macanudo Cru Royale,4 out of 5,great cigar at a great,great cigar at a great price
Macanudo Cru Royale,5 out of 5,One of my favorite cigars.,This is a great cigar. Was gifted one on my wedding day and will continue to buy a box as often as I can.
Macanudo Cru Royale,3 out of 5,Mac Cru Royal,All fresh. All burnt even. Could possibly get the again.
Macanudo Cru Royale,5 out of 5,Quality Stick.,"Excellent cigar. Medium on the spice, razer sharp burn, lots of yummy smoke. No bitterness. Sorry there was just one to enjoy. 😎"
Macanudo Cru Royale,4 out of 5,coffee with this cigar,I usually light up a 60 ring cigar of this make- I was lighting up a 60 gauge in the morning hr but decided to downsize to 50 - still a great cigar for me either 50 or 60 ring - 60 works great for a 2hr ordeal and 50 for me is 45 mins -
Macanudo Cru Royale,5 out of 5,Outstanding Value,Premium cigars at a discount price. Very pleased!
Macanudo Cru Royale,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Easy smoke. Gave a few to my neighbor. He loved them and bought a box for himself.
Macanudo Cru Royale,3 out of 5,tight roll,"I have not been smoking cigars that long and started with the first in years a Cuban Cohiba Esplendido brought back from a mission trip. Then Perdomo 20th and 2005 small batch, even Cao Cameroon. This stick ain't nothing like any of them. The construction was like the taste - just OK, not really that great. It burned well, not to fast but the stick was too hard, too tight. Not so much that it wouldn't stay lit, but a harder draw than I'd like. And the flavor, not very complex just a tad too earthy with a long finish."
Macanudo Cru Royale,5 out of 5,Macanudo Cru Royale,Nice and spicy up front then smooths out for a nice smoke. Only drawback they do not burn evenly.
Macanudo Cru Royale,1 out of 5,Macanudo Cru Royale Toro,"This cigar was rated at a 91 I believe when I bought a box, without having sampled one, a mistake. I am not an aficionado I confess, but what a terrible disappointment! Lesson learned…always sample before investing in a box regardless of the perceived deal."
Macanudo Cru Royale,2 out of 5,Good cigar when you get one you can actually smoke!,Very tight draw. So far 2 of the 8 cigars I've smoked out of the box of 20 could not be smoked since they were rolled so tight. Going to let them rest awhile in the humidor and she if that helps.
Macanudo Cru Royale,5 out of 5,Always a favorite,This is a list topper for my ususal cigars.
Macanudo Cru Royale,2 out of 5,Cru Royales fell apart.....,Offered these to a number of good friends after a golf outing & was embarrassed at how a few of them from this most recent shipment fell apart & unraveled after a couple of minutes. Think I'm through ordering these Macanudos for good.
Macanudo Cru Royale,5 out of 5,Macanuso Cru Royale,"When smoked at the right humidity and after some rest in the humi, these are great sticks!"
Macanudo Cru Royale,5 out of 5,Cru Royale is My First Choice,Great cigar for the golf course. A true 9 holer.
Macanudo Cru Royale,4 out of 5,very tasty,very tasty
Macanudo Cru Royale,5 out of 5,Awesome,"Order shipped was good.
Cigars were fresh and great quality! I enjoyed them very much.
Thank you!"
Macanudo Cru Royale,4 out of 5,Good value,Good value
Macanudo Cru Royale,4 out of 5,Satisfying Smoke,"I found this to be a nutty, tasty cigar with mild to medium body. Smoked well and had a goos finish - never harsh. Will buy again."
Macanudo Cru Royale,4 out of 5,Decent smoke burns nice,Decent smoke burns nice
Macanudo Cru Royale,5 out of 5,"Cru Royale, The Mac Daddy of Macanudo.","I have been a Mac fan for some 10 years now and have purchased or tried them all. To me, this is the best stick Mac has produced. Everything about it is top shelf. It is an even burn and very smooth draw with a bold and enjoyable taste. I first received one in a sampler and have since purchase a box. This stick is my after work cool down with a Rum and Coke. Kudos and Thank You."
Macanudo Cru Royale,5 out of 5,"Cru Royale, The Mac Daddy of Macanudo.","I have been a Mac fan for some 10 years now and have purchased or tried them all. To me, this is the best stick Mac has produced. Everything about it is top shelf. It is an even burn and very smooth draw with a bold and enjoyable taste. I first received one in a sampler and have since purchase a box. This stick is my after work cool down with a Rum and Coke. Kudos and Thank You."
Macanudo Cru Royale,3 out of 5,Macanudo cru royale,Macanudo cru royale I have smoke the cigars for about three years I’ve got quite a few boxes and every once in a while you get a dud meaning it’s a terrible draw on the cigar meaning the cigars rolled to tight this last box I purchased of 20 I am on my fourth did out of 8 cigars smoked not happy otherwise it’s a good cigar and I really enjoyed it
Macanudo Cru Royale,5 out of 5,Macanudo Cru Royale,Excellent cigar
Macanudo Cru Royale,1 out of 5,Macanudo Cru Royale Toro,"Was looking forward to smoking these cigars. Good flavor , but terrible draw and had to ""hot box"" them to say lit. I'll try something different next time."
Macanudo Cru Royale,2 out of 5,Jon s,To strong and dry for me
Macanudo Cru Royale,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,Excellent smoke
Macanudo Cru Royale,5 out of 5,Macanudo Cru Royale Toro,Medium-Full with the quality roll of a Macanudo.
Macanudo Cru Royale,5 out of 5,my everyday cigar,These cigars fit me well. in the later afternoon with a coffee or a drink for me it pairs up very well --
Macanudo Cru Royale,5 out of 5,One of my favorites!,"This is my favorite cigar so far. It's always a pleasant smoke, amazing flavor, draw, and surprising quality for the price."
Macanudo Cru Royale,3 out of 5,Ok smoke,Just ok..tough draw...uneven burn...all in all a little disappointed
Macanudo Cru Royale,5 out of 5,CLASSY,"OVER its a classy cigar with a good taste, size its just right if you enjoy the 6x60"
Macanudo Cru Royale,5 out of 5,well worth the $$$ spent,well worth the $$$ spent
Macanudo Cru Royale,5 out of 5,gotta love it,"great smoke, my ""to-go"" cigar. I enjoy macanudos, always consistent flavor."
Macanudo Cru Royale,5 out of 5,Macanudo Cru Royale,"This Mac starts off with a stronger than usual full flavor but, turns into a rich smoke quickly. It is truly a enjoyable smoke. Good draw, slow burn, and full flavor make this baby a favorite of mine. I recommend it and score it a 9.0"
Macanudo Cru Royale,2 out of 5,They were better cigars a few year ago,They changed the packaging on the Cru Royale and feel like they changed the cigar as well. Is not as full bodied as it used to be and the wrapper used to be a wonderful oily feel. Not so much any longer.
Macanudo Cru Royale,5 out of 5,Good price,Great Smoke...
Macanudo Cru Royale,5 out of 5,Cru Royale,"What a great improvement from stick #1.Smokes 2 & 3! have a creamy beautiful wrapper, nice spice flavor with chocolate overtones. A real treat after dinner. Cant miss with a stick like this. Must have had a poor roll on smoke #1, since these past 2 have been outstanding. A real treat !!! Will be ordering more."
Macanudo Cru Royale,3 out of 5,So So,Very bad draw. Little to no flavor from the 1st of the 5 pack. Hope for a better review in the next 4.
Macanudo Cru Royale,5 out of 5,Excellent!,Excellent!
Macanudo Cru Royale,5 out of 5,Mainstay,"This is the cigar that I have when I am not trying out a new cigar, or smoking a sample, testing a Boutique or gift cigar. Dependable."
Macanudo Cru Royale,5 out of 5,This cigar is a yuge deal!,One of the best smokes in my opinion. Dont let the dark wrapper fool you. Slightly sweet smell out of the cello. Beautiful construction and nice burn. To me it has slighty sweet aroma with a littler leather and earth. All around delicious smoke that I think deserves alot more attention.
Macanudo Cru Royale,4 out of 5,Deliciously memorable.,"Superb and deliciously memorable.
This cigar put Macanudo back in my humidor.
A well made, dense cigar. I thought the draw would be difficult. I was wrong about that.
Full flavored almost like sweet stout in flavor. Sweet smelling smoke. Full flavored, not overpowering.
Completely enjoyable."
Macanudo Cru Royale,5 out of 5,"Oh, I'll be back for","Oh, I'll be back for more of these as well!"
Macanudo Cru Royale,5 out of 5,Macanudo Cru Royal Gigante,GREAT CIGAR. Love the 60 Ring and medium body smoke.
Macanudo Gold,5 out of 5,Good smooth cigar,Good smooth cigar
Macanudo Gold,3 out of 5,Light but decent,Light cigar decent for fishing and golf
Macanudo Gold,4 out of 5,Ok cigar good taste,Ok cigar good taste
Macanudo Gold,5 out of 5,Crowd favorite,No matter where you go everyone loves a Macanudo gold label. By far one of the best Connecticuts. Always a great slow and even burn. The humidor always gets replenished before I run out of these amazing cigars.
Macanudo Gold,5 out of 5,Macanudo Gold Crystal,Flavorful balanced smoke. Smooth burn. Good value
Macanudo Gold,4 out of 5,Good little cigar,Just the right size for a short break or evening drink.
Macanudo Gold,5 out of 5,Excellent cigars.,Excellent cigars.
Macanudo Gold,4 out of 5,So far great smoke,nice smooth smoke
Macanudo Gold,5 out of 5,Perfect taste and size for,Perfect taste and size for a nice quiet break
Macanudo Gold,5 out of 5,Macanudo Review,"The cigar is very enjoyable mild smoke, good draw and taste"
Macanudo Gold,4 out of 5,Mac gold Lord Nelson,Nice mild smoke.
Macanudo Gold,4 out of 5,Decent small cigar,"For the size this cigar smokes very well. A bit tightly rolled, but smokes and tastes like a big one in half the time"
Macanudo Gold,3 out of 5,Cheaper options,"Don't get me wrong, not a bad cigar. But, for the price you're better off with the Macanudo Cafe Hyde Park. The Gold tastes like the same cigar and the Cafe Hyde Park is $2 cheaper per stick."
Macanudo Gold,3 out of 5,Good smoke but the outer,Good smoke but the outer leaf crumbles away on every cigar about half way through the smoke.
Macanudo Gold,3 out of 5,For a quick smoke.,Okay for a fast smoke. Packed a little too tight creating a hard draw.
Macanudo Gold,4 out of 5,Mild and a very easy,Mild and a very easy draw
Macanudo Gold,4 out of 5,Very nice smoke Would buy,"Very nice smoke
Would buy again"
Macanudo Gold,5 out of 5,Smooth.,Smooth.
Macanudo Gold,4 out of 5,Two very enjoyable smokes,Two very enjoyable smokes
Macanudo Gold,3 out of 5,Purchased as part of a,Purchased as part of a Christmas sampler pack. It is a decent cigar with a smooth draw.
Macanudo Gold,5 out of 5,The best,I loved
Macanudo Gold,5 out of 5,Awesome,A nice cigar.
Macanudo Gold,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Macanudo Gold,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Excellent draw and relaxing smoke.
Macanudo Gold,5 out of 5,Little but awesome!,Cigarillos not really my thing but these are magnifico!
Macanudo Gold,5 out of 5,Macanudo Gold Court's are really good,"First got this as a freebee, and i ended up liking it better than the cigars I ordered. Very smooth and best of all , draws really easily, which i prefer. It's now my go to cigar. And the tins are great for quick travel or on the golf course. Try them, you'll like them."
Macanudo Gold,5 out of 5,My Favorite All time Stick.,What can I say the Mac Gold is my favorite cigar. Great taste great burn worth every penny. If your into a light/mild great tasting cigar this is it.
Macanudo Gold,4 out of 5,good light taste and great when pressed for time to light up my regular.,nice smooth taste and great for when you really do not have a lot of time to relax and enjoy your other favorites. Just wish they would come down in price a bit.
Macanudo Gold,4 out of 5,Court sized action,"Great for a quick relaxing moment. You know you are getting quality with Macanudo. So, if you are short on time and want to enjoy that cafe flavor but only have 30 minutes. Reach for the courts."
Macanudo Gold,4 out of 5,Good little cigar,Gentile and light
Macanudo Gold,5 out of 5,review,very nice little cigar
Macanudo Gold,5 out of 5,Great Lil' Cigar,"Simply a nice cigar; smooth, creamy and a good draw for the buy -- highly recommend for the beginner."
Macanudo Gold,5 out of 5,Convenient,Good small cigar in it's own carrying csse.
Macanudo Gold,5 out of 5,Great,Great Smoke smooth and delicious
Macanudo Gold,5 out of 5,Great taste and slow burn,Great taste and slow burn
Macanudo Gold,5 out of 5,Great Smoke!,I ordered a box and they were wrapped a little tight. C.I. replaced the box and they are terrific! What a great organization to due business with. Highly recommended!
Macanudo Gold,5 out of 5,Macanudo,smooth smoking
Macanudo Gold,5 out of 5,Macanudo Gold,"Simply, just an excellent cigar. Mild and just great."
Macanudo Gold,5 out of 5,Review,Good cigars!
Macanudo Gold,3 out of 5,Too mild for me,"Smokes well. I was looking for a mild second smoke for the night. I'm more inclined to medium to full, so this was too mild."
Macanudo Gold,5 out of 5,Nice and Smooth,"These cigars are smooth, burn evenly, great for the price"
Macanudo Gold,5 out of 5,my favorite for years,my favorite for years
Macanudo Gold,5 out of 5,Mild and moist from humidor.,Mild and moist from humidor. Will buy again
Macanudo Gold,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Macanudo Gold,5 out of 5,A Long-Time Favorite,Has been a personal favorite of mine and many of my friends for a long time. A very smooth and quality cigar.
Macanudo Gold,3 out of 5,Review,"My cigar of choice is the Macanudo Gold Label so I am always satisfied with my order. But I'm a bit miffed to discover that the seal to the box had already been cut open. Makes me wonder.......
Steve"
Macanudo Gold,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar,Very smooth and even draw.
Macanudo Gold,4 out of 5,Very nice for the price,Very nice for the price
Macanudo Gold,5 out of 5,Great is great.,"I've never smoked a bad Macanudo, and these were no exception to that. Smooth, mellow, great draw, good flavor. Always dependable. Always a pleasure."
Macanudo Gold,5 out of 5,Super good cigar...,Super good cigar...
Macanudo Heritage Nuevo,4 out of 5,Wonderful and smooth smoke.,Wonderful and smooth smoke.
Macanudo ICON,4 out of 5,Macanudo Icon Robusto,"Good Value,"
Macanudo Inspirado Black,5 out of 5,Macanudo Does it again!,Excellent cigars. Good burn. Tightly packed. Nice flavor. I'd buy them all of the time if I could get the club discount on a regular basis.
Macanudo Inspirado Black,4 out of 5,Great flavor,Hard draw
Macanudo Inspirado Black,5 out of 5,"Great cigar, great flavor","Great cigar, great flavor"
Macanudo Inspirado Black,5 out of 5,Cigars International is THE BEST!,"This is not so much about the cigar itself (it's my husband's favorite) BUT about the Customer Service I received from Cigars International.
I placed this order on July 7th and paid for next business day shipping. This is for my husband's birthday (today). Because of COVID, everything is backed up.
I got nervous about the order and called yesterday. After a lengthy wait, I got THE MOST AWESOME customer representative. She looked up my order and made SURE it shipped.
I just received it! I have been a customer for over 5 years and can't recommend Cigars International more! YOU ARE AWESOME!"
Macanudo Inspirado Black,5 out of 5,I would get them again,I would get them again !!
Macanudo Inspirado Black,5 out of 5,Smoked one and ordered a,Smoked one and ordered a box
Macanudo Inspirado Black,5 out of 5,Wonderful flavor for,Wonderful flavor for
Macanudo Inspirado Black,5 out of 5,Great,MY GO TO FAVORITE
Macanudo Inspirado Black,5 out of 5,Very nice cigar,Very nice cigar
Macanudo Inspirado Black,4 out of 5,Macanudo hasn't failed me yet,"Great cigar, great flavor, great burn as to be expected with all properly kept cigars from Macanudo. If your not a full flavor fan stay away."
Macanudo Inspirado Black,5 out of 5,Macanudo Robusto,Very smooth with a great finish. Smokes evenly to the end!
Macanudo Inspirado Black,5 out of 5,Outstanding quality and taste,"Outstanding. If you like maduros with a firm yummy black wrapper, don't miss this one. Might be the best cigars I've had in a long time. Will order more."
Macanudo Inspirado Black,5 out of 5,The real deal,"Fantastic tobacco if you like maduros, like smoking chocolate"
Macanudo Inspirado Black,5 out of 5,A great Gift!,A great Gift!
Macanudo Inspirado Black,3 out of 5,Inspiration no,"This cigar was a disappointment. Wrapped tightly but still smoked well. However, this cigar is not to my palate."
Macanudo Inspirado Black,5 out of 5,"Macanudo, Inspirado",OUTSTANDING CIGAR! One of my favorites!
Macanudo Inspirado Black,3 out of 5,Macanudo black robusto,Not bad but not outstanding either. For a cigar that is this quality I expect much more. Ok but boring.
Macanudo Inspirado Black,5 out of 5,"Please try it, I think you will like it!🙂",For this price of a cigar its could sell for twice what I paid for it and from now on will be one of favorite cigars! I love in every possible way!😁😊💚💚
Macanudo Inspirado Black,5 out of 5,One of my favorites.,One of my favorites.
Macanudo Inspirado Black,5 out of 5,Smooth Smoke,Nice full flavor cigar
Macanudo Inspirado Black,5 out of 5,Moved to #1 on my list..,"Has progressed to my #1 go-to cigar for an enjoyable smoke.. It has everything I need.. Full smooth bodied, great flavor & aroma, great draw & produces heavy thick smoke!!"
Macanudo Inspirado Black,5 out of 5,A New Favorite,Great taste - surprisingly smooth.
Macanudo Inspirado Black,5 out of 5,A GOOD Mac...,"Usually I find Macs to be pretty boring and tasteless. These are different, great flavor, amazingly consistent throughout. Good draw but stays pretty stiff and not soggy through the nub. Leathery chocolate and slightly sweet coffee (don't let that scare you, I drink mine black). I got 5 as freebies and promptly bought a box. Came on the dry side, after a couple weeks they're perfect. Don't let the name fool you these are good."
Macanudo Inspirado Black,4 out of 5,Macanudo Inspirado Black Robusto,"Comparable to my usual smoke, Partagas 1845 Extra Oscuro."
Macanudo Inspirado Black,4 out of 5,A fine smoke,"Whether it's with a good cup of coffee after dinner, or a glass of top shelf scotch with your best buds, the rich bold flavor make this a great ""long day"" closer."
Macanudo Inspirado Black,5 out of 5,use V cutter,really good cigar. after smoking no after taste. read of several people saying poor draw too tight. i use a V cutter and makes all the difference.
Macanudo Inspirado Black,1 out of 5,Not too happy,Sadly not as great a smoke as I hoped...big fan of some of the other macanudo creations..This stick was way to tight...I had to cut off an inch and a half to get a good draw but even then a bit too tight...too many stems inside the core of this cigar.
Macanudo Inspirado Black,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Macanudo Inspirado Black,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Full of flavor and one of the best Cigars I've had to date.
Macanudo Inspirado Black,5 out of 5,Mac Black,Great cig!!!
Macanudo Inspirado Black,4 out of 5,Ash and draw,I like a cigar that has a nice draw and can hold a good ash. I was very pleased and will purchase again. It’s hard to go wrong a a Macanudo
Macanudo Inspirado Black,3 out of 5,Center burns faster than wrapper.,Center burns faster than wrapper.
Macanudo Inspirado Black,4 out of 5,Good,Good
Macanudo Inspirado Black,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Long clean burn for a small cigar. Good taste. Would buy again.
Macanudo Inspirado Black,5 out of 5,Very flavorful.,Very flavorful.
Macanudo Inspirado Black,4 out of 5,👍🏽,👍🏽
Macanudo Inspirado Black,4 out of 5,small but tasty & strong,"nice little powerhouse, smooth at the start and tasty til the end"
Macanudo Inspirado Black,5 out of 5,Macanudo the winner,The Macanudo Inspirado's were fantastic...great taste.
Macanudo Inspirado Black,4 out of 5,Overall a good cigar. A,Overall a good cigar. A little harsh at points but I would buy again
Macanudo Inspirado Black,2 out of 5,Cigars were dry,Cigars were dry
Macanudo Inspirado Black,2 out of 5,Not so good....,"This ciagr is very tightly wrapped and has a hard draw. It’s labor to get the smoke out, and when you do it’s harsh. Won’t buy these again."
Macanudo Inspirado Black,3 out of 5,Not bad,Not bad
Macanudo Inspirado Black,4 out of 5,I would buy them again.,I would buy them again.
Macanudo Inspirado Black,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Great Cigar
Macanudo Inspirado Black,5 out of 5,Fine little smoke,Big spicy flavors in a small package. I enjoyed this smoke from beginning to end. I recommend trying this. I will definitely keep a few in my box.
Macanudo Inspirado Black,5 out of 5,Macanudo Insprado Black Robusto,Beautiful cigar! Dark oily wrapper. Feels good and firm. Smells great. Tons of thick flavorful smoke. Definitely stronger than the 1845. Would recommend to anyone that likes strong and smooth. Would buy it again.
Macanudo Inspirado Black,3 out of 5,I don't give 5 stars,I don't give 5 stars to an OK cigar. Wasn't bad just not one I would add to list of must—haves
Macanudo Inspirado Black,5 out of 5,Tasty. Would purchase again,Tasty. Would purchase again
Macanudo Inspirado Black,4 out of 5,Very smooth great cigar,Very smooth great cigar
Macanudo Inspirado Black,5 out of 5,One of the best I've found,Smooth and a delight to smoke. Stays lit throughout with an easy draw. Great flavor that changes while you smoke it.
Macanudo Inspirado Black,5 out of 5,Macanudo Does it again!,Excellent cigars. Good burn. Tightly packed. Nice flavor. I'd buy them all of the time if I could get the club discount on a regular basis.
Macanudo Inspirado Black,4 out of 5,Great flavor,Hard draw
Macanudo Inspirado Black,5 out of 5,"Great cigar, great flavor","Great cigar, great flavor"
Macanudo Inspirado Black,5 out of 5,Cigars International is THE BEST!,"This is not so much about the cigar itself (it's my husband's favorite) BUT about the Customer Service I received from Cigars International.
I placed this order on July 7th and paid for next business day shipping. This is for my husband's birthday (today). Because of COVID, everything is backed up.
I got nervous about the order and called yesterday. After a lengthy wait, I got THE MOST AWESOME customer representative. She looked up my order and made SURE it shipped.
I just received it! I have been a customer for over 5 years and can't recommend Cigars International more! YOU ARE AWESOME!"
Macanudo Inspirado Black,5 out of 5,I would get them again,I would get them again !!
Macanudo Inspirado Black,5 out of 5,Smoked one and ordered a,Smoked one and ordered a box
Macanudo Inspirado Black,5 out of 5,Wonderful flavor for,Wonderful flavor for
Macanudo Inspirado Black,5 out of 5,Great,MY GO TO FAVORITE
Macanudo Inspirado Black,5 out of 5,Very nice cigar,Very nice cigar
Macanudo Inspirado Black,4 out of 5,Macanudo hasn't failed me yet,"Great cigar, great flavor, great burn as to be expected with all properly kept cigars from Macanudo. If your not a full flavor fan stay away."
Macanudo Inspirado Black,5 out of 5,Macanudo Robusto,Very smooth with a great finish. Smokes evenly to the end!
Macanudo Inspirado Black,5 out of 5,Outstanding quality and taste,"Outstanding. If you like maduros with a firm yummy black wrapper, don't miss this one. Might be the best cigars I've had in a long time. Will order more."
Macanudo Inspirado Black,5 out of 5,The real deal,"Fantastic tobacco if you like maduros, like smoking chocolate"
Macanudo Inspirado Black,5 out of 5,A great Gift!,A great Gift!
Macanudo Inspirado Black,3 out of 5,Inspiration no,"This cigar was a disappointment. Wrapped tightly but still smoked well. However, this cigar is not to my palate."
Macanudo Inspirado Black,5 out of 5,"Macanudo, Inspirado",OUTSTANDING CIGAR! One of my favorites!
Macanudo Inspirado Black,3 out of 5,Macanudo black robusto,Not bad but not outstanding either. For a cigar that is this quality I expect much more. Ok but boring.
Macanudo Inspirado Black,5 out of 5,"Please try it, I think you will like it!🙂",For this price of a cigar its could sell for twice what I paid for it and from now on will be one of favorite cigars! I love in every possible way!😁😊💚💚
Macanudo Inspirado Black,5 out of 5,One of my favorites.,One of my favorites.
Macanudo Inspirado Black,5 out of 5,Smooth Smoke,Nice full flavor cigar
Macanudo Inspirado Black,5 out of 5,Moved to #1 on my list..,"Has progressed to my #1 go-to cigar for an enjoyable smoke.. It has everything I need.. Full smooth bodied, great flavor & aroma, great draw & produces heavy thick smoke!!"
Macanudo Inspirado Black,5 out of 5,A New Favorite,Great taste - surprisingly smooth.
Macanudo Inspirado Black,5 out of 5,A GOOD Mac...,"Usually I find Macs to be pretty boring and tasteless. These are different, great flavor, amazingly consistent throughout. Good draw but stays pretty stiff and not soggy through the nub. Leathery chocolate and slightly sweet coffee (don't let that scare you, I drink mine black). I got 5 as freebies and promptly bought a box. Came on the dry side, after a couple weeks they're perfect. Don't let the name fool you these are good."
Macanudo Inspirado Black,4 out of 5,Macanudo Inspirado Black Robusto,"Comparable to my usual smoke, Partagas 1845 Extra Oscuro."
Macanudo Inspirado Black,4 out of 5,A fine smoke,"Whether it's with a good cup of coffee after dinner, or a glass of top shelf scotch with your best buds, the rich bold flavor make this a great ""long day"" closer."
Macanudo Inspirado Black,5 out of 5,use V cutter,really good cigar. after smoking no after taste. read of several people saying poor draw too tight. i use a V cutter and makes all the difference.
Macanudo Inspirado Black,1 out of 5,Not too happy,Sadly not as great a smoke as I hoped...big fan of some of the other macanudo creations..This stick was way to tight...I had to cut off an inch and a half to get a good draw but even then a bit too tight...too many stems inside the core of this cigar.
Macanudo Inspirado Black,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Macanudo Inspirado Black,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Full of flavor and one of the best Cigars I've had to date.
Macanudo Inspirado Black,5 out of 5,Mac Black,Great cig!!!
Macanudo Inspirado Black,4 out of 5,Ash and draw,I like a cigar that has a nice draw and can hold a good ash. I was very pleased and will purchase again. It’s hard to go wrong a a Macanudo
Macanudo Inspirado Black,3 out of 5,Center burns faster than wrapper.,Center burns faster than wrapper.
Macanudo Inspirado Black,4 out of 5,Good,Good
Macanudo Inspirado Black,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Long clean burn for a small cigar. Good taste. Would buy again.
Macanudo Inspirado Black,5 out of 5,Very flavorful.,Very flavorful.
Macanudo Inspirado Black,4 out of 5,👍🏽,👍🏽
Macanudo Inspirado Black,4 out of 5,small but tasty & strong,"nice little powerhouse, smooth at the start and tasty til the end"
Macanudo Inspirado Black,5 out of 5,Macanudo the winner,The Macanudo Inspirado's were fantastic...great taste.
Macanudo Inspirado Black,4 out of 5,Overall a good cigar. A,Overall a good cigar. A little harsh at points but I would buy again
Macanudo Inspirado Black,2 out of 5,Cigars were dry,Cigars were dry
Macanudo Inspirado Black,2 out of 5,Not so good....,"This ciagr is very tightly wrapped and has a hard draw. It’s labor to get the smoke out, and when you do it’s harsh. Won’t buy these again."
Macanudo Inspirado Black,3 out of 5,Not bad,Not bad
Macanudo Inspirado Black,4 out of 5,I would buy them again.,I would buy them again.
Macanudo Inspirado Black,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Great Cigar
Macanudo Inspirado Black,5 out of 5,Fine little smoke,Big spicy flavors in a small package. I enjoyed this smoke from beginning to end. I recommend trying this. I will definitely keep a few in my box.
Macanudo Inspirado Black,5 out of 5,Macanudo Insprado Black Robusto,Beautiful cigar! Dark oily wrapper. Feels good and firm. Smells great. Tons of thick flavorful smoke. Definitely stronger than the 1845. Would recommend to anyone that likes strong and smooth. Would buy it again.
Macanudo Inspirado Black,3 out of 5,I don't give 5 stars,I don't give 5 stars to an OK cigar. Wasn't bad just not one I would add to list of must—haves
Macanudo Inspirado Black,5 out of 5,Tasty. Would purchase again,Tasty. Would purchase again
Macanudo Inspirado Black,4 out of 5,Very smooth great cigar,Very smooth great cigar
Macanudo Inspirado Black,5 out of 5,One of the best I've found,Smooth and a delight to smoke. Stays lit throughout with an easy draw. Great flavor that changes while you smoke it.
Macanudo Inspirado Orange,5 out of 5,MY HUSBAND IS ENJOYING THEM,MY HUSBAND IS ENJOYING THEM
Macanudo Inspirado Orange,5 out of 5,Balanced to perfection,"This is one of my favorite sticks, the flavor is rich and balanced, an excellent smoke foes great with a nice glass of Cognac"
Macanudo Inspirado Orange,4 out of 5,The minis have a great,The minis have a great smooth flavor They do tend to burn very fast due to size. Excellent for a quick smoke
Macanudo Inspirado Orange,5 out of 5,a great smoke,wont go wrong with this
Macanudo Inspirado Orange,5 out of 5,Macanudo Inspirado,excellent mini
Macanudo Inspirado Orange,5 out of 5,My Mac,"Consistant box to box, great everyday smoke."
Macanudo Inspirado Orange,5 out of 5,Very good cigar. Good even,Very good cigar. Good even burn!
Macanudo Inspirado Orange,5 out of 5,orange is the new stooge,"i will by more of these in the future great taste ,easy draw , great price"
Macanudo Inspirado Orange,4 out of 5,Tasty,A good flavor and medium strength.
Macanudo Inspirado Orange,4 out of 5,Recent favorite cigars,"This cigar was quite surprise. Mellow great tasting cigar! It has a tad bit of spice, more like a marmalade and not a chili. This cigar is definitely going into by lineup."
Macanudo Inspirado Orange,4 out of 5,Macanudo Inspirado Orange Robusto,"I recently got a 5 pack of these, and was pleasantly surprised at the quality roll and mellow taste. I liked the one I've had."
Macanudo Inspirado Orange,5 out of 5,Excellent cigars,I just decided to try new and it is one of the great cigar. Thanks to CI for making it possible
Macanudo Inspirado Orange,5 out of 5,5 Vegas,The go to cigar
Macanudo Inspirado Orange,4 out of 5,cigar review,a very good smoke
Macanudo Inspirado Orange,5 out of 5,Excellent,Very nice cigar! Burns true. Can’t go wrong with it!
Macanudo Inspirado Orange,4 out of 5,Clean smooth,Very clean and smooth for the price
Macanudo Inspirado Orange,5 out of 5,A fan of the Inspirado,Good flavor from start to finish. No harshness at light up. Surprisingly Med bodied from Macanudo. A fan of the Inspirado
Macanudo Inspirado Orange,3 out of 5,Decent smoke,"It's a decent smoke, smooth taste and burns well. Nice mid day cigar."
Macanudo Inspirado Orange,5 out of 5,macanund - inspirado,"very good, ii would buy again"
Macanudo Inspirado Orange,4 out of 5,not bad,I haven't had these in many years and they were pretty good. Mild good burn and a lot of flavor. I will try them again. And I think they were worth the price.
Macanudo Inspirado Orange,5 out of 5,"Great smoke anytime, will get","Great smoke anytime, will get these again"
Macanudo Inspirado Orange,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great draw; even burning; smooth.
Macanudo Inspirado Orange,3 out of 5,Nothing special.,Nothing special.
Macanudo Inspirado Orange,3 out of 5,Ok,Tastes OK but the end comes frayed.
Macanudo Inspirado Orange,5 out of 5,macanudo,sweet deal
Macanudo Inspirado Orange,3 out of 5,Less than great,Rather mediocre at best.
Macanudo Inspirado Orange,5 out of 5,Mellow,Mellow
Macanudo Inspirado Orange,5 out of 5,Good smoke,These are great cigars. They burn long and never needed to be relit. Highly recommend.
Macanudo Inspirado Orange,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Macanudo Inspirado Orange,4 out of 5,Macanudo Inspirado Orange in Toro Size,"Came with a sampler. Medium to full bodied, with hints of white pepper , cedar and leather. Great smoke output and an excellent draw. Very pleasantly surprised by the taste and price. Will purchase again."
Macanudo Inspirado Red,5 out of 5,"Nice flavor, well made!","Nice flavor, well made!"
Macanudo Inspirado Red,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
Macanudo Inspirado Red,4 out of 5,Inspirado Red is an everyday winner,"This cigar offers a smooth, rich and flavorful experience in a well constructed box-pressed robusto format."
Macanudo Inspirado Red,5 out of 5,Great cigar. You don't have,Great cigar. You don't have to work to smoke this one. Stays lit. Great flavor.
Macanudo Inspirado Red,5 out of 5,What can I say Macanudo!,What can I say Macanudo!
Macanudo Inspirado Red,5 out of 5,Relaxing smoke,"I thought I purchased 10 cigars instead of 5 but they smoked well, just disappointed they weren't more for the price I paid!"
Macanudo Inspirado Red,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,I normally go for medium body cigars but decided to try these. It is an excellent smoke. It has a smooth flavor and burns well. I enjoyed it very much.
Macanudo Inspirado Red,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Macanudo Inspirado Red,5 out of 5,"Macanudo Inspirado Red Box-Pressed Robusto,",Great well balanced smoke.
Macanudo Inspirado Red,5 out of 5,Smokem if you gotem,Smokem if you gotem
Macanudo Inspirado Red,5 out of 5,Not what I would consider a Macanudo,Full bodied - typically I hate Macanudos - was out of cigars - went to my local quick pick in desperation - bought one cause it looked good - omg - what a fantastick smoke - not your dads Macanudo - truely a superb smoke if you love cigars
Macanudo Inspirado Red,5 out of 5,Excellent Stick,"The Macanudo Inspirado Red has become one of my favorite smokes. Rich full flavor, great draw, and consistent burn. Definitely a constant in my coolidor rotation."
Macanudo Inspirado Red,4 out of 5,"It was a decent smoke,I","It was a decent smoke,I would order it again"
Macanudo Inspirado Red,4 out of 5,Good smokes,6x60 perfect size nice flavors
Macanudo Inspirado Red,5 out of 5,Nice cigar,Will be on my next order
Macanudo Inspirado Red,4 out of 5,Red Mac,Very nice good smooth cigar. Nice long smoke
Macanudo Inspirado Red,5 out of 5,Macanudo,My new favorite
Macanudo Inspirado Red,5 out of 5,Great flavor; very smooth &,Great flavor; very smooth & slow burn
Macanudo Inspirado Red,5 out of 5,MY BABY,JUST THE BEST 95 ALL DAY IF YOU DONT LIKE SMOKE DONT BUY IT
Macanudo Inspirado Red,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good med/full Cigar. Good construction. I'd buy again.
Macanudo Inspirado Red,5 out of 5,Smooth,Great tasting cigar
Macanudo Inspirado Red,4 out of 5,Nice start but bitter finish,Lights up and smokes nicely but after about half way it does get bitter
Macanudo Inspirado Red,4 out of 5,Great cigar for the price,I enjoy them
Macanudo Inspirado Red,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Not a bad cigar. Second half is where the flavor lives.
Macanudo Inspirado Red,5 out of 5,Great Robusto,"The quality of this smoke is great. Good draw,good burn and great flavor."
Macanudo Inspirado Red,4 out of 5,My Favorite Macanudo!,My Favorite Macanudo!
Macanudo Inspirado Red,4 out of 5,Mac refs,Very nice smoke!! 👍
Macanudo Inspirado Red,5 out of 5,full flavored robust cigar,A highly enjoyable cigar with subtle notes and respectable flavor strength at the same time!
Macanudo Inspirado Red,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Macanudo Inspirado Red,5 out of 5,Excellent,My favorite one of this brand.
Macanudo Inspirado Red,4 out of 5,Macanudo,"I know critics will disagree with me but Mac’s aren’t my usual go to. But..... I was impressed with these sticks. Smooth draw, very flavorful, and an all around good smoke. I would go to them again.
Chris"
Macanudo Inspirado Red,5 out of 5,Good to the nub.,"Flavorful, smooth and enjoyable right to the burnt fingers."
Macanudo Inspirado Red,4 out of 5,Macanudo Insperado,"Great Cigar in the Macanudo tradition.
Full bodied and consistent flavor all the way."
Macanudo Inspirado Red,5 out of 5,Great flavor right to the,Great flavor right to the end great even burn a touch of pepper to mild smoke
Macanudo Inspirado Red,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"Not to strong, not to weak, just right!
Love them, good flavor, burn, draw and ash."
Macanudo Inspirado Red,4 out of 5,Macanudo Red Gigante,I have bought 2 boxes of 20 cigars of Macanudo Red Gigante. This is an excellent cigar Kama especially when they are on sale! Kudos to Cigar International!
Macanudo Inspirado Red,4 out of 5,Macanudo Inspirado Red Box-Pressed Robusto - Personal Review,"I tried the Macanudo Café Hyde Park and thought it was terrible. I went into the Macanudo Inspirado Red Box-Pressed Robusto not expecting too much. In fact I expected to have to put it out pretty quickly. I was pleasantly surprised by the draw, flavor, even burn and it stayed lit the whole time. It had a nice light smoke that smelled great. I would definitely have these again."
Macanudo Inspirado Red,3 out of 5,A little surprised for a Macanudo cigar!,"I bought a 5 pack and smoked 3 of them. Its not uncommon to find a few that are not up to par ie an bad taste in the start and then gets better, others have a tough draw. The first one I had no problem with at all and I thoroughly enjoyed it! So, you decide!"
Macanudo Inspirado Red,5 out of 5,Rich flavors,This cigar will burn slow and even leaving you relaxed and satisfied
Macanudo Inspirado Red,1 out of 5,Macanudo insparado,"Strong and filler tabacco burns faster than binder,too much tip maintenance,not a do over for me"
Macanudo Inspirado Red,4 out of 5,Macanudo Inspirado Red,"It's pretty good cigar, but for me it might be a tad too heavy. I like the Inspirado Black, in my opinion an excellent stick. The white is ok, but kinda like smoking paper. The Red is very flavorful but it catches me more heavily in the back of the throat. You definitely need to take your time smoking this one. Would I smoke one again? Yes, but if there was a black there, I'd take it first, and the white would be last."
Macanudo Inspirado Red,3 out of 5,average 'gar,"nothing special here, was waiting for the back ordered mac inspirado's and tried these - not a replacement for those..."
Macanudo Inspirado Red,5 out of 5,great,great
Macanudo Inspirado Red,5 out of 5,Home Run!!!,"Macanudo has done it again with a very flavorful cogar in the Inspirado series. Like most Macs, the strength listed is usually a notch lower than advertised, meaning it will be enjoyed by those who look for a milder smoke. No matter your tastes, this is a cigar well worth a try!"
Macanudo Inspirado Red,4 out of 5,Mac,"Great smoke, enjoyed very much would buy again"
Macanudo Inspirado Red,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Macanudo Inspirado Red,5 out of 5,Nice cigar,Nice cigar
Macanudo Inspirado Red,5 out of 5,The burn is a even,The burn is a even burn it has sweet and peppery bite. I definitely love this smoke
Macanudo Inspirado Red,5 out of 5,one of the best cigars,"one of the best cigars that I have smoked. Slow burning, with great taste."
Macanudo Inspirado Red,4 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Macanudo Inspirado White,4 out of 5,Good buy.,"Right size. Tasty, Great Build. Would definitely buy again."
Macanudo Inspirado White,4 out of 5,A Very Good Smoke,"Inspirado White Churchill or Toro, My GO TO SMOKE."
Macanudo Inspirado White,5 out of 5,"Smooth, consistent smoke","Love the new cigar because of the size and consistent burn.
Its a cigar that I know what I am getting every time"
Macanudo Inspirado White,5 out of 5,Current favorite,This has become my go to stick.
Macanudo Inspirado White,3 out of 5,Good cigar!,"Light to medium in strength, good draw, well made! Easy smoking anytime of the day. I like them on the golf course."
Macanudo Inspirado White,5 out of 5,Excellent,Great taste. Smooth...
Macanudo Inspirado White,5 out of 5,"Smooth, creamy, cool smoke from beginning to end","Smooth, creamy, cool smoke from beginning to end. Always a perfect burn. One of my favorite morning cigars."
Macanudo Inspirado White,5 out of 5,Buying more!!,"Unbelievably smooth and tasty! They’ve really outdone themselves with the whites, vanilla notes with the spicy Connecticut tobacco finish is great for a 5-10min smoke. I’m particularly impressed by this brand no matter what size I try. Wow is all I have to say..."
Macanudo Inspirado White,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,Excellent smoke
Macanudo Inspirado White,5 out of 5,Perfectly done!,"Fully deserving of 5 stars. Everything about this cigar is perfect. Perfect construction, perfect burn, nice mild mellow flavors all the way to the end. In my 25 years of smoking premium cigars, even with Macanudo having been my go-to brand, I can’t recall another cigar that I was able to smoke all the way down to the end without a hint of harshness or getting too hot."
Macanudo Inspirado White,4 out of 5,👍🏽😀,👍🏽😀
Macanudo Inspirado White,5 out of 5,Mac White,Enjoyed very much. Smooth.
Macanudo Inspirado White,5 out of 5,smooth sailing,wonderful solid packed medium grade cigar-a great smoke-cheers al
Macanudo Inspirado White,5 out of 5,Great smoke!!,Great smoke!!
Macanudo Inspirado White,5 out of 5,Great quality and quick shipping,I keep these as my go-to sticks for a quick after work hour for myself or to offer when company comes over. Can’t exceed the consistency of the quality and draw on these Macanudo cigars.
Macanudo Inspirado White,4 out of 5,Great smoke,Great construction more complex than I was expecting. Good for those who love a bit of spicy
Macanudo Inspirado White,4 out of 5,Mild smoke good flavor and,Mild smoke good flavor and draw
Macanudo Inspirado White,5 out of 5,Typical Macanudo,"Excellent mellow smoke. Typical of Macanudo. Nice taste, great draw, even burn all the way to the nub. Will be a regular in my box."
Macanudo Inspirado White,4 out of 5,Feedback,I’ve always been a macanudo fan mostly Hyde park. Inspirado was similar
Macanudo Inspirado White,5 out of 5,One of my favorites,"I only bought a five pack of these and that was a total mistake. So far I have loved every Macanudo cigar and this one is no different. You will not be disappointed in this cigar. Order a bunch, because you will not be disappointed."
Macanudo Inspirado White,5 out of 5,You. Gotta. Try. These,"I'm new to smoking cigars. So I'm a sampler guy. Caught a macanudo Maduro. It was impressive. So I figured try others. My local shops only have cafe, Maduro, and gold label. I took a chance and ordered inspirado white because of the reviews. I was not disappointed. Pepper notes, definitely medium with complexity. I think I'm done with the samplers. I found my brand. Please give these a chance if you are a mild to medium cigar lover. They are very balanced. These are by far my favorite in my young time of cigars. But with 7 brands under my belt, you cant go wrong unless you hate Connecticut wraps."
Macanudo Inspirado White,3 out of 5,Good for a mild cigar,"Good cigars, only a three star ratting because I prefer a more full bodied cigar. Ordered the Black after I tried these and was extremely happy. If your a mild lover these are for you."
Macanudo Inspirado White,5 out of 5,Best Connecticut,"Received a free Inspirado White robusto with another purchase, and I'm not a Connecticut wrapper kind of guy, but this cigar blew me away."
Macanudo Inspirado White,5 out of 5,Love them,Got a 5 pack in sampler love them will be ordering a couple boxes my new favorite😎
Macanudo Inspirado White,5 out of 5,Love them,Got a 5 pack in sampler love them will be ordering a couple boxes my new favorite😎
Macanudo Inspirado White,4 out of 5,Mild with a punch,Really mild but tastes delicious has a decent nicotine kick
Macanudo Inspirado White,4 out of 5,Very smooth.,Very smooth.
Macanudo Inspirado White,5 out of 5,Very nice smoke.,Very nice smoke.
Macanudo Inspirado White,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar. I enjoy it,Excellent cigar. I enjoy it very much
Macanudo Inspirado White,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Macanudo Inspirado White,5 out of 5,These cigars are great!,These cigars are great!
Macanudo Inspirado White,5 out of 5,Gift For Dad,He loved it and said you can never go wrong with a macanudo.
Macanudo Inspirado White,3 out of 5,CIGAR FRESHENS,I purchased 10 cigars . Of the 10 cigars 2 where spit and the remaining 8 where not fresh.
Macanudo Inspirado White,3 out of 5,Casual; light & perfect w an Irish Cream/rocks,"Very mild cigar. Perfect for the casual smoker, but not much body or boldness as a whole. Very good cigar with an Irish Cream on ice. Very nice burn."
Macanudo Inspirado White,4 out of 5,Macanudo,Cigars were fresh and really enjoyed them . This was my 3rd order from cigar international and have been pleased.
Macanudo Inspirado White,5 out of 5,Excellent,Great smoke not your typical Macanudo more flavor than the classic Macanudo
Macanudo Inspirado White,5 out of 5,Great buy. Best package purchase,Great buy. Best package purchase all year.
Macanudo Inspirado White,4 out of 5,"Good deal, good smoke.","Recently purchased a box. Smoked 3 so far. After the first one I wasn't so sure I'd enjoy them.However, I smokeed 2 more and found them to be a good smoke, especially considering the discounts I received. The burn and draw were consistently very good. Although, the draw maybe a bit too easy. Overall, based on the 3 I smoked I am pleased and would purchase again."
Macanudo Inspirado White,5 out of 5,Great deal,Excellent cigar for the price
Macanudo Inspirado White,5 out of 5,Tasty,Nice light body smoke
Macanudo Inspirado White,5 out of 5,Great Gigar,Great Gigar
Macanudo Inspirado White,5 out of 5,Great smoke and I'll be,Great smoke and I'll be buying more of these.
Macanudo Inspirado White,5 out of 5,Smooth taste great price,Smooth taste great price
Macanudo Inspirado White,4 out of 5,Macanudo does not disappoint,"Macanudo does not disappoint with this well constructed mellow bodied stick. The stick lights easily, evenly and has a nice easy draw. It starts out with a spicy pepper and cedar flavor. As I continued it mellowed out and had a creamy natural tobacco flavor, that was very pleasant,and then ended with a smooth chocolate. I would highly recommend this nice easy smoke."
Macanudo Inspirado White,5 out of 5,I like it,I like it
Macanudo Inspirado White,5 out of 5,good smoke,good smoke
Macanudo Inspirado White,4 out of 5,Fun Little Smoke,Nice light smoke! Especially when you only have 30-45 minutes
Macanudo Inspirado White,5 out of 5,AWESOME,"Great taste, easy draw, and nice burn. What took you so long to come? A true delightful."
Macanudo Inspirado White,5 out of 5,Fantastic cigar,Fantastic cigar
Macanudo Inspirado White,2 out of 5,Major disappointmento,The draw was easy and full of smoke but there was little flavor to it. The cigar was advertised as mild/medium but was not creamy. I only had one of the five I bought and will be sure to adjust my review after having another.
Macanudo Maduro,5 out of 5,"High quality, good value.","High quality, good value."
Macanudo Maduro,5 out of 5,Macanudo Ascots,"Best Cigar Going. It is a small Maduro with lots of flavor, good draw and just the right size. Will buy again and also try the larger ones of the same brand."
Macanudo Maduro,5 out of 5,Fantastic!,Great smoke for when you don't have a lot of time.
Macanudo Maduro,5 out of 5,Macanudo Madurq,"Very good smoke, not as long as a regular size cigar, great size for a 20 minute break. Really enjoyed it, will definitely buy them again."
Macanudo Maduro,3 out of 5,Pretty good,"Not normally a Maduro guy, but these sounded like a mild-medium strength, which I prefer. Great looking black oily wrapper. First light it was smooth with nice sweetness. My issue is with beyond halfway through. It turned harsh very quickly. I tossed several sticks at this stage. Some were much better. I think I would re-order the Robusto next time. Maybe the larger cigar just burns hotter later in the smoke"
Macanudo Maduro,5 out of 5,A good smoke,A good smoke
Macanudo Maduro,5 out of 5,Nice smoke and taste.,Nice smoke and taste.
Macanudo Maduro,5 out of 5,Great for a short smoke!,Love em!
Macanudo Maduro,5 out of 5,My Fave,"This is one of my favorite everyday cigars. Macanudo is a good brand.
The Maduro Hyde Park will impress even the most cigar snobby elitist out there."
Macanudo Maduro,5 out of 5,Great little smoke!,Perfect size for when you only have a short time to enjoy! Very nice flavor!
Macanudo Maduro,3 out of 5,Decent,Decent
Macanudo Maduro,5 out of 5,Highlifeman,"Always my go to favorite!!!!
Hard to be and always smooth as ever !
Thank You"
Macanudo Maduro,4 out of 5,I enjoyed cigars but a,"I enjoyed cigars but a bit to strong, but they are still a very good cigar! Joe"
Macanudo Maduro,5 out of 5,Maduro Mania,"Wrapped exquisitely tight to give you a controlled burn with a mellow taste that tantalizes the pallet. You can lays this masterpiece down,mow the yard snd come back to this rich cigar and the cherry is still hot! A must for every stogie fanatic!"
Macanudo Maduro,4 out of 5,"GREAT cigar from toast,to light to burn. I purchased 1 tin and the product was excellent",2nd tin of macadudo mad
Macanudo Maduro,5 out of 5,My humidor thanks you!,I am very happy with the delivery and product. I have trouble finding my favorite cigars and was super happy that Cigars International had them in stock. Also I was able to save money by buying in bulk. Thank you Cigars International!
Macanudo Maduro,5 out of 5,All around good cigar,All around good cigar
Macanudo Maduro,5 out of 5,"Lovely woodsy,spice and coffee flavor ...robust & tastey!",Got these for my husband for a Christmas treat! And I enjoy a puff or two with him...delicious flavor... goes well paired with a sip of Kaluha Coffee liquor and/or American Honey Bourbon... YUM! definitely a good value for quality of what you get! Will be buying again.
Macanudo Maduro,5 out of 5,Maccanudo Maduro Ascots,Very good small ..great flavor
Macanudo Maduro,3 out of 5,Decent Mini,The taste is pretty good but they are rolled a little tight to really enjoy the flavor. I've only tried one so I will update after I try a few more.
Macanudo Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Gift Idea,This was such a great Christmas gift
Macanudo Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Great taste and a great price.
Macanudo Maduro,5 out of 5,Special,All the flavor that you crave and no bite. This is the cigar that you want. This is the cigar that you want to offer to your REAL friends.
Macanudo Maduro,5 out of 5,Good,Good
Macanudo Maduro,4 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Macanudo Maduro,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Macanudo Maduro,5 out of 5,Love this little cigar.,Love this little cigar.
Macanudo Maduro,5 out of 5,Macanudo Maduro,Great cigar.
Macanudo Maduro,4 out of 5,nice when you're short on time,These are a really nice smoke when you don't have time to sit and enjoy a nice big cigar. I really enjoy the flavor. Nice for a quick 30 minute break in your work day.
Macanudo Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent,It was everything a good Maduro is supposed to be. I will be buying more
Macanudo Maduro,5 out of 5,Awesome service. Shipping is very,Awesome service. Shipping is very fast.
Macanudo Maduro,2 out of 5,Not Smooth,It was a little bitter to me.Also the gage was too small to my liking.
Macanudo Maduro,5 out of 5,Macs,You can't go wrong with a Macanudo
Macanudo Maduro,5 out of 5,Mr Jones,Prompt shipment. Great condition!
Macanudo Maduro,1 out of 5,Macanudo Maduro,"The Mac Maduro was a disappointment I’m sorry to say. The draw was tough and I was left with a bitter, metallic taste. I didn’t enjoy the cigars but I’ll keep trying"
Macanudo Maduro,5 out of 5,Macanudo Maduro,"Smooth, even burn. Great stick for enjoying an adult beverage at the fire pit. I’m a Big Mac fan!"
Macanudo Maduro,4 out of 5,Excellent Cigar,"Smooth draw, nutty taste. Easily a every day smoke. This one will become a must have in my Humidor."
Macanudo Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke.,Great smoke.
Macanudo Maduro,5 out of 5,Smooth,Great burning cigar. Very smooth. Really enjoy this cigar while I’m golfing.
Macanudo Maduro,1 out of 5,Very disappointed.,Very disappointed.
Macanudo Maduro,5 out of 5,Macadelicious,"Medium flavor, with nice draw and burn. Haven’t had a bad one yet."
Macanudo Maduro,5 out of 5,Relax with Mac,"Great smooth smoke not over poweriing, great taste. Very enjoyable smoke what a way to relax"
Macanudo Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Macanudo Maduro,5 out of 5,Not the same blend,I have had hundreds of this blend both as Diplomat and Champion the blend went from from smooth and creamy to a stringent so I'm going to let the box age for six months to see if they improve with age not the quality of the Macanudo family of cigars I've enjoyed for over fifty year's.
Macanudo Maduro,5 out of 5,Perfecto!,"Great cigar, good flavor and nice burn. Everyone should try one"
Macanudo Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent chewable!,Excellent chewable!
Macanudo Maduro,5 out of 5,Maduro,"Very nice cigar smooth, flavorful enjoyed this smoke !"
Macanudo Maduro,5 out of 5,Terrific Cigar,"Lights easily and stays lit with slow smoking. Great taste and aroma with no notes of brandy, coffee, cherry...just a rich, clean enjoyable smoke."
Macanudo Maduro,3 out of 5,Macanudo Maduro Crystal (Tubes),Very good quality smoke. Very dry wrapper and cap. Tends to crack and break when cutting. Maybe this was an old batch. Thought they would be a little fresher being sealed in a tube.
Macanudo Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Cigars!,Good bold taste and burn for more than an hour. Perfect for happy hour. Will order more.
Macanudo Vintage 2006,5 out of 5,Terrific Macanudo Toros,"Nice even burn, easy earthy finish and... fun conversation piece with my friends about the “appropriate” humidity these sticks stored at, as they remove their rings!"
Macanudo Vintage 2006,5 out of 5,Good choice,Macs have been a favorite of mine for years so I’m a little biased when it comes to writing a review but this one is a good choice. Smooth and satisfing.
Macanudo Vintage 2006,5 out of 5,Awesome cigar. Highly recommend it!,Awesome cigar. Highly recommend it!
Macanudo Vintage 2006,5 out of 5,Very Good Cigar,Very smooth and burn evenly
Macanudo Vintage 2006,5 out of 5,Macanudo 2006 - a classy cigar with a metal band,This is a mild medium cigar that comes with a unique metal band. It serves to impress in both looks and smoke. Also comes in a mini humidor box of 12. I found these on sale and satisfied!
Macanudo Vintage 2006,3 out of 5,Bad wrappers,Cigar wrappers on all but one were coming apart. Other than that cigars were very good.
Macanudo Vintage 2006,5 out of 5,Great for Graduations/Special Events,"Excellent cigar. Purchase a box of these along with a box of Macanudo 1997. Really wonderful taste, mellow - look forward to the next box (and they look totally awesome in the Whitetail II with the metal band)."
Macanudo Vintage 2006,5 out of 5,Macanudo Vintage 2006 Toro,"Unbelievable, smooth rich and mellow cigar very nice vintage aged, and let's not forget the coolest bands you ever seen. Highly recommend !!!"
Macanudo Vintage 2006,5 out of 5,AWESOME,"Each and everytime I order it's fast, affordable and high quality."
Macanudo Vintage 2006,5 out of 5,Great Cigar!,Great Cigar! Easy draw and mild taste
Macanudo Vintage 2006,5 out of 5,Perfect,Exactly what I needed to help celebrate the wedding. Worth the cost.
Macanudo Vintage 2006,5 out of 5,good deal,good sticks
Macanudo Vintage 2006,5 out of 5,The life of the party,Ordered these and took the box to my dads 50th birthday celebration and everyone that one loved it including myself and everyone asked for the info so they could order this one is now added to one of my favorites list
Macanudo Vintage 2006,4 out of 5,Great Cigar !!,"Very mello puffing cigar , good flavor could be my everyday smoke !!!"
Macanudo Vintage 2006,2 out of 5,You might get lucky!,"These cigars looked amazing when I opened the box. Which is why I gave it a 2 star for presentation. When I smoked the first cigar it was very smooth and had great taste! But about halfway down it started to get a really bad taste and I noticed some flaking as mentioned in a previous review. The next day I smoked another one and it was very smooth and tasted really good at first. Then about a quarter way down, again it started tasting awful and the flaking was worse. Upon examining the remainder they were all getting dried out. If these were fresh this would possibly be a great cigar and a 5 star. But this experience was not good and I was very disappointed. I have contacted customer service and I will be returning the remainder. Good luck if you purchase these."
Macanudo Vintage 2006,4 out of 5,The first couple of draws,"The first couple of draws were a little bitter, but after that, this was an awesome smoke. The aroma coming off the end was worth the cost."
Macanudo Vintage 2006,4 out of 5,Silky smooth...,"Nice, mild to medium cigar. Perfect for an afternoon on the back porch with friends."
Macanudo Vintage 2006,3 out of 5,Great cigar,"great cigar, however they were very dry when they arrived. There was cracking in the actual cigar which was surprising."
Macanudo Vintage 2006,5 out of 5,Macanudo 2006,"Great smoking cigar with a unique metal band, really enjoyed this cigar"
Macanudo Vintage 2006,5 out of 5,great,hope they are on sale again soon !!!
Macanudo Vintage 2006,4 out of 5,Good cigars,Tasty cigars.
Macanudo Vintage 2006,4 out of 5,Smooth,Bought this on sale and very happy. Only down side was the metal ring ripped the wrapper on the cigars. The were cool and different but not practical
Macanudo Vintage 2006,5 out of 5,Amazing,One of the best cigars I have ever had.
Macanudo Vintage 2006,4 out of 5,Macanudo Vintage 2006 Toro,"good cigar, really liked the metal band"
Macanudo Vintage 2006,5 out of 5,Unbelievable,Wonderful cigar and can't wait to buy more of them
Macanudo Vintage 2006,5 out of 5,Great smoke,perfect for my round of 18! Really enjoyed these!
Macanudo Vintage 2006,5 out of 5,Amazing!!,Very fine smoke with a very smooth flavor
Macanudo Vintage 2006,5 out of 5,Great,Great service and great products definitely the go to place for all things cigar
Macanudo Vintage Maduro 1997,5 out of 5,So Tasty,Always an Enjoyable Smoke !
Macanudo Vintage Maduro 1997,5 out of 5,Loved them!,Loved them!
Macanudo Vintage Maduro 1997,5 out of 5,Perfect,Perfect cigar hands down! Love it!
Macanudo Vintage Maduro 1997,5 out of 5,Magnifico!,The best cigar hands down!
Macanudo Vintage Maduro 1997,5 out of 5,Great flavor - smooth draw,Great flavor - smooth draw
Macanudo Vintage Maduro 1997,5 out of 5,Even all the way,This stick is my golf course stick. It’s an even stick start to finish.
Macanudo Vintage Maduro 1997,5 out of 5,I love them one of,I love them one of the best to me
Macanudo Vintage Maduro 1997,5 out of 5,Classic,Great smoke to have with friends - everyone loves the metal ring
Macanudo Vintage Maduro 1997,5 out of 5,Could be the best I've ever smoked,"I've been smoking cigars for 30 years and have enjoyed some of the world's finest. This could be the best of all of them. Great burn, great ash, lots of smoke, great taste all the way down to the nub."
Macanudo Vintage Maduro 1997,5 out of 5,Macanudo New favorite,"First off I’ll say the presentation of these cigars is stunning.
Each of the five I have enjoyed has burned, perfectly, there draw has been second to none.
The flavors are deep, and rich.
Best money 💰i have spent on cigars In a very very long time, trust me I’m extremely picky with cigars I smoke, I’ll throw away ones that aren’t perfect."
Macanudo Vintage Maduro 1997,5 out of 5,PERFECT RING FOR A DELICATE TASTE.,"Dark spirited, beautiful aroma for the spectators. Perfect for a new puffer or for a pre dinner chat. LOVE IT. One tricky thing is taking the ring off, it might take a chunk of the wrapper."
Macanudo Vintage Maduro 1997,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar from beginning to end
Macanudo Vintage Maduro 1997,4 out of 5,Deferentially a good smoke,"Deferentially a good smoke
has a nice flavor and very full taste"
Macanudo Vintage Maduro 1997,5 out of 5,Smooth and slow burn,Smooth and slow burn
Macanudo Vintage Maduro 1997,4 out of 5,Just had one.,"Great smoke, good draw, medium strength, wonderful flavor and taste."
Macanudo Vintage Maduro 1997,5 out of 5,My New Favorite,"Beautiful cigar with phenomenal flavor. Good, consistent burn. I enjoy pairing it with Espresso in the morning and scotch at night. Worth every dollar. Enjoy!"
Macanudo Vintage Maduro 1997,3 out of 5,"Fast shipping, dry cigars...","The vintage 97 perfecto is one of my favorite cigars. The reason I am giving this a 3 star review is because upon recieving these and taking them out of the package to put in my humidor they were so dried out that the metal band on all of them fell right off and damaged their wrappers very badly. Very fast shipping but I expected them to be a bit fresher than that. The other cigars I ordered, however, were a lot better in terms of being fresh. I guess its hit or miss when shipping in the mail. And the shipping was a day earlier than expected so a plus for that."
Macanudo Vintage Maduro 1997,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Macanudo Vintage Maduro 1997,4 out of 5,Thanks,Thanks
Macanudo Vintage Maduro 1997,5 out of 5,Macanudo Vintage 1997 Toro,Excellent cigar. I have smoked them for years and they are always consistent.
Macanudo Vintage Maduro 1997,5 out of 5,Macanudo Vintage Maduro 1997 Perfecto,Absolutely a wonderful full bodied cigar. Smooth from start to finish. I will be buying again.
Macanudo Vintage Maduro 1997,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Macanudo Vintage Maduro 1997,4 out of 5,Nicely Aged,A mature full body smoke. A nice even burn without the need to re-light. An excellent after dinner smoke
Macanudo Vintage Maduro 1997,5 out of 5,Get them while they last,"This bad boy is somewhat dry cocoa with a nuttiness layering. The slow burning cigar gave an extreme white ash. The taste the wrapper leaf was leaving on my lips was a very sweet, sugary taste almost like a clove cigarette. The end of the second third however took a change with the cigar becoming meaty and thick on the palate. The meaty heavy notes didn’t last long as the cigar moved into a crisp clean freshness with overtones of almonds/nuts."
Macanudo Vintage Maduro 1997,5 out of 5,Great after dinner,It has become one of my favorites! Great even burn and smooth till the end.
Macanudo Vintage Maduro 1997,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"Great Cigar, wonderful flavor, even burn and great draw."
Macanudo Vintage Maduro 1997,5 out of 5,My fave smoke,"I try different sticks here and there and enjoy Padron, Liga Pravada, and a few others - but the Macanudo Vintage 1997 Maduro is the one I always come back to and maintain a stock of. These are my favorite because they have a nice draw, an even consistent burn, and they maintain their profile from start to finish. I also like the metal band, which keeps the finger stink away!"
Macanudo Vintage Maduro 1997,5 out of 5,"Great Cigar, Macanudo never dissapoints","Great cigar with a smooth draw, even burn and creamy smoke. Nice on the back deck with a good bourbon. Get this one, you will not be disappointed!"
Macanudo Vintage Maduro 1997,4 out of 5,1997 was a good year,"Very good stick. Out of the 5 purchased, one was gifted and another smoked with friends at my local cigar lounge. The remaining 3 will be aged in one of my humidors, I can only hope that the flavors get better with time. Nice sharp burn on these and the metal band made it stand out above the others. I swear these taste like cocoa and even though they have a medium to full body about them, I wouldn't hesitate to enjoy one with my morning coffee. But don't take my word for it, pick up 1 or 10 while you are still able."
Macanudo Vintage Maduro 1997,5 out of 5,Very good,Very good
Macanudo Vintage Maduro 1997,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Really nice cigar and a great gift to someone. The metal ring is an elegant touch
Macanudo Vintage Maduro 1997,5 out of 5,Good smooth smoked,Good smooth smoked
Macanudo Vintage Maduro 1997,5 out of 5,Love these cigars,"I have purchased several boxes in the past year and they are great. With an easy draw, even burn and tight white ash I just love them.They pair perfectly with some Johnnie Walker Black and the metal bands are pretty cool too!"
Macanudo Vintage Maduro 1997,4 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Macanudo Vintage Maduro 1997,5 out of 5,Don't be afraid of the black,"Here's my untrained palette review: very pleasant, not strong but interesting. An unmatched consistency throughout the smoke, chocolate and espresso, maybe some nuttiness. Most sticks change flavors and strength/complexity throughout, some really amazingly so. This stick only increases in nicotine buzz on the lips, but stays consistent in flavor. Actually amazingly so. If you like deep spice or peppery change for a black stick, not your deal. But if you like a medium chocolaty flavour start to finish, this will be a go to."
Macanudo Vintage Maduro 1997,5 out of 5,Maduro 1997,"Great Deal,Great Cigar !!!!"
Macanudo Vintage Maduro 1997,4 out of 5,A good smoke,A good smoke
Macanudo Vintage Maduro 1997,5 out of 5,Macanudo Vintage Maduro 1997,"I tried this Cigar while in Niagara Falls, I loved it! I was elated to find that your company carried them at such a reasonable cost! I hope you continue to stock them, then you will be my go to supplier!😁"
Macanudo Vintage Maduro 1997,1 out of 5,dissapointed,"First 5 of the 6 cigars, would not draw. Unable to smoke even after cutting them in half. Was like trying to smoke a stick. Have 2 more boxes on order and hope for a better experience."
Macanudo Vintage Maduro 1997,3 out of 5,Not a consistent smoke,"Out of a box of 12, 3 didn’t burn or smoke well. Those 3 didn’t have much of a flavor, i had to keep relighting the cigar. The remaining 9 burned evenly, had a nice draw and flavor. In the future, I would only purchase during a sale."
Macanudo Vintage Maduro 1997,5 out of 5,Smooth,They smoked even and had a smooth draw. Was very enjoyable.
Macanudo Vintage Maduro 1997,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Hope they continue to have sell these magnificent cigars.
Macanudo Vintage Maduro 1997,3 out of 5,Typaical Macanudo - Great Flavor with Consistency Issues,"I bought a box of perfecto and a box of toro... so far have only opened the perfecto. The first one was ABSOLUTELY AMAZING and the second one had an unsmokably right draw. I will let these all sit for 3 to 6 months and see where we end up, but the consistency issues assured me it’s a Genuine Macanudo- LOL"
Macanudo Vintage Maduro 1997,5 out of 5,Tried my first one of,"Tried my first one of these during Christmas and loved it, was unable to find them for awhile and thanks to cigar international was able to get a box of these! And they are just as good as I remember I would R eccomend these to any smoker"
Macanudo Vintage Maduro 1997,5 out of 5,My Fave,These are my favorite smokes.
Macanudo Vintage Maduro 1997,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Macanudo Vintage Maduro 1997,5 out of 5,Love these full bodies,Love these full bodies
Macanudo Vintage Maduro 1997,5 out of 5,They where great. I will,They where great. I will be getting them again.
Macanudo Vintage Maduro 1997,3 out of 5,Nice and Boring,"Physically this is a very good cigar (rolled great, perfect draw. The packaging was very good…love the metal ring. Only problem is the cigar really has no flavor. kind of boring."
Macanudo Vintage Maduro 1997,5 out of 5,Exellent,I genuinely have to say that I am fully satisfied with this product it has an excellent construction a very nice taste oily wrapper that has been aged well and even burn With a pure white ash a delicious creamy taste throughout the whole stick I am absolutely going to buy another Box or 2 this is now one of my favorite cigars
Magellan Dominicans,5 out of 5,Like em,"Great value... consistent all around.... Band is really on there, and always challenging to remove.... Too bad they are on delayed status, as I was about to stock up again..."
Magellan Dominicans,5 out of 5,Big Fan,"I ordered the 50 count to see if I liked them; I'll be reordering the 100! I find them VERY enjoyable, Great ""Dog walking stick"""
Magellan Dominicans,4 out of 5,nice,"enjoyable, tasty smoke"
Magellan Dominicans,5 out of 5,Become my regular smoke,Great smooth smoke. Perfect when you do not have an hour to finish your smoke. Enough to satisfy and not too much to get bored.
Maker's Choice,5 out of 5,Tasty and Good Knock About Smoke,"These are mangy as described and more of a chewing cigar in my opinion but I LOVE THEM. Great flavor, they burn well and with the looser wrap they get good air flow. I like the burn and smoke them a bit but I tend to burn them up quickly. I like them for working around the property as a good flavored smoke."
Maker's Choice,3 out of 5,Makers Choice Vanilla Corona,"Not bad, but a bit too sweet for me"
Maker's Choice,4 out of 5,Good tastes,Good tastes
Maker's Choice,4 out of 5,Small quick smoke,"A really nice easy smoke in between breaks of the day.
Very soft and smoothe."
Maker's Choice,5 out of 5,Great little smoke,"I don't smoke often. But when I'm in the mood and I want something mild, with a bit of flavoring, I find these to be very pleasant."
Maker's Choice,4 out of 5,Love the sweet vanilla flavor!,Great price. Thought I was buying cigarillo's. Too big for my preference. Great taste though. Love the sweet vanilla flavor. A little dry. Needed to humidify for a little bit.
Maker's Choice,4 out of 5,"Great, when available",Great little smoke for those times you just need a quick one. Wish you would keep them in stock!
Maker's Choice,5 out of 5,Choice Mini’s,"After burning around 80 of these tasty treats I must say “winner winner chicken dinner” not a dud in two separate bundles. Good flavor decent roll, small yet chunky enough and each one is just a little different as they are free hand rolled. Thanks CI, keep them coming!!"
Maker's Choice,5 out of 5,Maker Choice,Great little smoke.. Very nice when you don't have a lot of time....
Maker's Choice,5 out of 5,my favorite cheap stick,have ordered these for years.....prefer them to the banditos..order both prefer these. smooth quick easy smoke.....
Maker's Choice,5 out of 5,Good,I liked it
Maker's Choice,5 out of 5,Great for the price,Great for the price
Maker's Choice,5 out of 5,great smoke,These are not the prettiest cigars but they deliver a great flavor and satisfying smoke. These are my go to smoke when I want a pleasing half hour smoke rich in flavor.
Maker's Choice,4 out of 5,Makers Choice (Vanilla Infused),Excellent selection for a daily Cigar.
Maker's Choice,4 out of 5,Makers choice vanilla,Awesome smoke and good for a quick smoke. Had a couple that wouldn’t stay lit due to voids in the packing.
Maker's Choice,5 out of 5,They are good for the,They are good for the money
Maker's Choice,5 out of 5,Maker's Choice,"A good cigar for working around the yard, Have enjoyed these for years."
Maker's Choice,2 out of 5,Too tight,Too small too tight
Maker's Choice,5 out of 5,A great quick smoke. Only,A great quick smoke. Only complaint is frequently backordered.
Maker's Choice,5 out of 5,These are a great little,These are a great little cigar. I buy the natural and the vanilla in the larger size. Fantastic
Maker's Choice,4 out of 5,Makers choice,Smooth nice little cigar. Burns nice and even.
Maker's Choice,5 out of 5,Maker's Choice Vanilla,"Great cigar, smooth, great flavor."
Maker's Choice,3 out of 5,You get what you pay for,Every now and then you get one that burns uneven but what do you expect for what you are paying
Maker's Choice,4 out of 5,Nice cheap smoke,Nice cheap smoke
Maker's Choice,4 out of 5,Great little smoke,"Great little smoke, but the price is getting to be a little out of hand."
Maker's Choice,5 out of 5,A great cigar,"I chew more cigars than i smoke and Makers Marks are perfect. Reasonable cost and they last a long time,"
Maker's Choice,5 out of 5,Great smokes,Great for a quick burn just about anywhere!
Maker's Choice,4 out of 5,Great in between smoke. All,"Great in between smoke.
All my friends love em"
Maker's Choice,4 out of 5,Evening Stick,Good for after dinner.
Maker's Choice,4 out of 5,Intense little boogers with an easy draw and lots of flavor.,"I definitely prefer Bandidos, but these little guys will do in a pinch when Bandidos are on back order which is often the case lately. They have LOTS of flavor, burn a little hot, but at least they don't smell and taste like a campfire as the Red Lion Cheroots do."
Maker's Choice,5 out of 5,Sounded good,Like that taste so as long as you sell them I will buy yhem
Maker's Choice,5 out of 5,makers choice,They are the best little cigars I can find for the money. Some times you have to waite a while for them to be available.
Maker's Choice,4 out of 5,Great little cigars.,"Perfect size and price for a quick daily smoke. Always keep a couple with me to smoke as I'm working during the day. Had a little draw issue with one or two, but otherwise they've smoked great. I actually like them better than I expected to. Will definitely order again."
Maker's Choice,4 out of 5,the best bet for your money,"the best bet for your money, affordable rating ranks over over quality rating for me"
Maker's Choice,4 out of 5,"I like them bery much,","I like them bery much, its a nice smoke"
Maker's Choice,4 out of 5,Maker's Coice Corona Natural,"A really good work in the yard cigar! It's a fairly mild smoke, burns nice and it's cheap!!"
Maker's Choice,4 out of 5,Great Knock Arounds.,"Great little inexpensive cigars. Nice sweet tip, decent flavor, and only had one that had a bad draw. I like to keep a few on me to smoke while I'm working during the day. Fairly quick smokes and inexpensive enough that it's no big deal if one gets messed up."
Maker's Choice,5 out of 5,Very Nice For the Price,These are really nice little cigars to smoke.
Maker's Choice,3 out of 5,Certainly good for the price,Certainly good for the price
Maker's Choice,4 out of 5,Makers Choice,Good cigar for the price. I will definitely purchase again.
Maker's Choice,5 out of 5,Makers Choice,"Good every day smoke, mild and great flavor. Can smoke them all the way down and they don't get harsh."
Maker's Choice,5 out of 5,Excellent flavored cigar,The Corona Vanillas are very good. They are my standard go to. Not a long smoke but still good if you want a flavored cigar. Good price too.
Maker's Choice,3 out of 5,Not bad for the price,Not bad for the price quick smoke
Maker's Choice,4 out of 5,Everyday stick,These are great sticks for morning coffee.
Maker's Choice,4 out of 5,One of my favorite cigars,One of my favorite cigars when I have 20 minutes to relax. I have been enjoying them for years.
Maker's Choice,5 out of 5,Very good small cigar.,"I have ordered these little jewels numerous times. Great flavor, crude appearance however they make it up in flavor. I will buy them again!"
Maker's Choice,1 out of 5,Taste Bad,"Ive tasted alot of different flavors over the years, but never dirt. Thats the only way I can describe these. Dirt. I had to send them back."
Maker's Choice,4 out of 5,Smokable,Not a bad smoke if you are looking for something quick to hold you over.
Maker's Choice,5 out of 5,Luv em!,"The Corona Vanilla has a really nice flavor. Not too sweet,Just right. This last batch had a few unseasoned ones mixed in,So I just seperated those to burn for a rainy day. Overall, It's a good smoke for the price. I'm ordering more today."
Maker's Choice,5 out of 5,By far the best cigar,By far the best cigar I've had in years I think since i started smoking these and handing a few out i have everyone in the city of Tuscaloosa Alabama asking where can they get these ....i know 2 people have already ordered these already so how about a frre gift guts lol i need a new lighter and cutter lol
Man O' War,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Man O' War,4 out of 5,"even burn, firm stick","even burn, firm stick"
Man O' War,5 out of 5,Good even smoke with the,Good even smoke with the bite I like.
Man O' War,5 out of 5,Exceptional experience,"I like the MOW lineups, However the SPECIAL EDITION Figurado is exceptional to my palate’s experience. I am fully surprised and yet not disappointed, at all. Thank you AJ Fernandez."
Man O' War,5 out of 5,The best,"This is my absolute favorite smoke. Fantastic craftsmanship, wonderful transitions in flavor, just a great stick. Prefer this over even some Cubans I’ve had. Try it you won’t be disappointed."
Man O' War,5 out of 5,Man O' War,"First time smoking one of these and it was a pleasure. If you like Nicaraguan tobaccos, you will not be disappointed, very tasty."
Man O' War,5 out of 5,Nice smoke,Longer cigar than I was used to but had a good burn and rich flavor
Man O' War,5 out of 5,Size and length were perfect,"I really loved this cigar. As I said in the title, the size and length of a double corona is perfect. On top of that, it’s just a tasty, smooth smoke. I want more. I hope to see them more in samplers."
Man O' War,4 out of 5,Nice cigar,Purchased as a gift for my son. This is his favorite cigar.
Man O' War,5 out of 5,Masterpiece!,Incredible flavor and I love the wrapping and label. 10 of 10!
Man O' War,5 out of 5,Very good draw,Very good draw
Man O' War,5 out of 5,Very good smoke,Very good smoke
Man O' War,5 out of 5,Always great!,"Good draw, even burn, these are consistently good! Full of flavor, but not overpowering."
Man O' War,5 out of 5,Very good,I smoke nothing but blends by Aj now and man o war is definitely my favorite. You will not be disappointed with these full bodied beauties.
Man O' War,5 out of 5,My new fave. Amazing!,My new fave. Amazing!
Man O' War,5 out of 5,very good cigar!!,very good cigar!!
Man O' War,4 out of 5,Nice Smokes,"This cigar met expectations. That chocolate/cocoa taste was ever so present thought the cigar. I had relight at the 2/3 mark but other than that, I enjoyed this bold tasting cigar. I was relaxed to the max, which lets me know it met expectations."
Man O' War,5 out of 5,I always get these for,I always get these for my husband he loves them
Man O' War,4 out of 5,Cigar,Good cigar!
Man O' War,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"Literally, my fav stick"
Man O' War,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Man O' War,4 out of 5,Good cigar,This cigar has been in my humidor for over a year and really ages well. Resists drying out and smokes just as good as fresh out of the box. Has a rich dark flavour.
Man O' War,5 out of 5,Rich and relaxing AJFs,One of my favorite Double Coronas. Very good size for this blend. The aroma is exceptionally good with notes of vanilla. Good complexity and good trade off between smooth and strong.
Man O' War,5 out of 5,Mmm,All day long very nice smoke
Man O' War,4 out of 5,Nice Cigar,Nice Cigar
Man O' War,4 out of 5,Man O War,"A Nice cigar, I bought them for a gift."
Man O' War,5 out of 5,Awesome smoke,Excellent - I will be buying more of these
Man O' War,5 out of 5,SFC Jackson. COMBAT TEAM LEADER,"FOR MY BIRTHDAY MY SON {ALWAYS BUYS CIARS I NEVER SMOKE} HE GOT ME A 5 PK MAN O'WAR CORONA,, THEY WERE OUTSTANDING . I'VE BEEN SMOKING CIGARS FOR 15 YEARS AND I STUDY CIGARS AND I KNOW A LOT ABOUT CIGARS ( THESE MAN O WARS ARE 5 OF THE BEST IVE SMOKED IN A LONG WHILE. GIVE THEM A TRY , YOU'LL BE PLEASED...…
WILDMAN 0F 1\75 RANGER, in The Mountain of I cant say"
Man O' War,5 out of 5,5Star premium cigars,Good quality fair price medium task and smooth body.
Man O' War,5 out of 5,Man O War,Great cigar
Man O' War,5 out of 5,Buy it:),"Strong, smooth, even burn. I highly recommend the Man O War Toro 6.5""x52"
Man O' War,5 out of 5,Great smokes,Powerful yet smooth.
Man O' War,5 out of 5,Man O' War,Great smoke! My favourite day to day treat. Very smooth. Highly recommend! Warning: Strong
Man O' War,4 out of 5,Great for the price,Great for the price
Man O' War,3 out of 5,I thought they cigar that,I thought they cigar that AJ Fernandez had dealings with would be a excellent cigar. I have reservations on the to draw that flavor etc I wasn’t happy
Man O' War,4 out of 5,Good stick,Not as strong as I expected but nonetheless a good stick
Man O' War,4 out of 5,Outstanding,These are my new favorite. Full well rounded flavor with some spice.
Man O' War,4 out of 5,Great smoke,Great full flavor. Tastes like a cigar is supposed to. A little too long for my preference but still great
Man O' War,5 out of 5,All the man of war,All the man of war cigars have a great taste as well as excellent construction.
Man O' War,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar,Great flavor and a smooth draw. Definitely one I will be buying again.
Man O' War,4 out of 5,Very good smoke,The only problem with this stick is that it is not burning even. Have Tried several sticks. Other than that great flavor and draw. Would recommend to my friends
Man O' War,5 out of 5,Man o war,Very nice smoke.burns great
Man O' War,4 out of 5,Good Stuff,Nice Stick
Man O' War,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,Definitely going to keep these in the humidor. Good flavor and aroma. Very good cigar!
Man O' War,5 out of 5,Doesn't get better,Everything AJ makes is great these are his crown jewels
Man O' War,5 out of 5,Very pleased,Very pleased
Man O' War,5 out of 5,Man o war,Really liked the flavor very smooth burned really nice.
Man O' War,5 out of 5,Man o war,Really enjoyed this cigar
Man O' War,2 out of 5,Man o war,Too light for me. However the construction and draw was perfect.
Man O' War,4 out of 5,Pretty good stick!!,Pretty good stick!!
Man O' War Armada,5 out of 5,Great product,Great product
Man O' War Armada,5 out of 5,Wonderful stick.,"This has been and still is my favorite stick in the humidor. It is a fantastic full bodied and complex smoke that I always enjoy. Also, it is a fantastic bargain for the price. I purchased it with MMAO several times. I feel it is one of the best kept secrets in the cigar world. I hope they never rate it so the price stays low."
Man O' War Armada,5 out of 5,My favorite in my humidor,This is my favorite smoke. Good for any time you are in the mood for a full bodied stick and have a good amount of time to smoke.
Man O' War Armada,5 out of 5,Groovy,Good smoke. Full bodied. Lots of flavor.
Man O' War Armada,5 out of 5,# 1 of 2018 2017 2016,Why is this not on the top 25 on any of these yrs ? ? Nouf said....
Man O' War Armada,5 out of 5,One of my favorites! Good,One of my favorites! Good even burn lasts almost an hour!
Man O' War Armada,5 out of 5,All around great smoke,All around fantastic smoke. Sit on them for a little and they will treat you well!
Man O' War Armada,5 out of 5,Oppenheimer would be proud!,"Powerful thermonuclear flavor bomb! Wow, not for the naive. Drink plenty of fluids and stay seated for the duration."
Man O' War Armada,5 out of 5,One incredible stick...,"This is probably the best full bodied stick I’ve had in quite some time at any price tag. Just enough power and spice to make you know it’s there but such a smooth and creamy draw makes you forget your smoking an AJ stick. He hit the nail on the head with this one, worth every penny...."
Man O' War Armada,5 out of 5,Armada,Excellent cigars
Man O' War Armada,4 out of 5,Excellent Cigar,Excellent Cigar
Man O' War Armada,5 out of 5,Armada,"Good burn. Smooth, full flavor. Great smoke."
Man O' War Armada,4 out of 5,Good special occasion cigar.,I have had mixed experiences with this one. I have had a few that were definitely in my top five. I have also have some that were just mediocre. Not sure if it is just me or the cigars were different. Worth the risk if you catch them on sale.
Man O' War Armada,4 out of 5,"Yes sirree, outstanding","Beautiful cigar. Smokes like a dream and has a ton of everything I like in a cigar. Flavor, depth, balance, oomph, and on and on."
Man O' War Armada,5 out of 5,Best Man O’ War cigar,These are my favorite cigars in the Man O’ War line. I’m a big AJ Fernandez fan but these are the best . I was skeptical of the price per stick but it’s worth every penny.
Man O' War Armada,5 out of 5,MoW Armada,AJ's Opus X. Best cigar at any price. If on sale it's a bonus
Man O' War Armada,5 out of 5,First time trying,Great cigar!!!!
Man O' War Armada,5 out of 5,AJ is the man!,"Just got my order and am enjoying one right now! Have to say, these IMO are much better than any Opus X I've tried... Fuller body, with very rich tasting smoke and super creamy... In fact, I like it so much this is right up there with Padron! Easily worth $20 per cigar, shame it's only made in boxes of 4. Rant over..."
Man O' War Armada,5 out of 5,Excellent,Phenomenal cigar. One of my favorites. AJ hit it out of the park with the Armada.
Man O' War Armada,5 out of 5,Great quality cigars,Great quality cigars
Man O' War Armada,5 out of 5,Not as thrilled,"I had real problems keeping it lit
It didn't seem as full flavored as previous sticks"
Man O' War Armada,5 out of 5,A Most excellent cigar!,"This was an accidental find for me and I am now a huge fan.
My only complaint is that I must purchase them in boxes of four."
Man O' War Armada,5 out of 5,Good Cigar!,"Nice smooth flavor, gets better the more you smoke it!"
Man O' War Armada,4 out of 5,Great Draw,Great draw and flavor. One of my fav.
Man O' War Armada,5 out of 5,Man O War Armada,"This has been my favorite smoke since i started over a year ago....i compare all others to this cigar. None match the structure, taste and pure smoke of this Armada...."
Man O' War Armada,5 out of 5,What an amazing smoke,"I have to give this one the full 5 stars. There was a SLIGHT issue with keeping it lit about halfway through, but that could've been from smoking it in 48 degree weather with crazy wind. Other than that issue that probably wasn't the fault of the cigar, this has been my favorite cigar so far. I have only been smoking cigars about two years and have tried probably 30-40 different cigars in that time, but this would for sure top my list."
Man O' War Armada,5 out of 5,Worth it!,"I normally wouldn't spend this much money on a new stick, but I was able to snag these in a 5 pack deal. I am glad I did. This is one of my favorite cigars now!! Next time you can, treat yourself. Very flavorful til that last 1/2 inch."
Man O' War Armada,5 out of 5,This should be in Top 5 Aficianado EVERY YEAR!!!,"I know this may sound crazy but anytime I see this cigar pop up in a sampler. I am like a kid in the candy shop. I try to get my hand on as many as possible, because whatever it is it's a steal to have these BLESS YOUR HUMIDOR!!! I mean I normally smoke my sticks at home, but i must say this is one of those cigars you take in public, an instead of getting frowns from people seeing you light up. You will actually get people coming up to ask, ""What is that you are smoking it smells HEAVENLY!"". This is such a great cigar, that sometimes I try to inform all my buddies that if you like cigars this is that one GEM you have to have in your HUMI. I mean I could just rave on about this cigar. I always read where people will give a bad review, but what most people must understand is getting a cigar in its not perfect form can happen, but keep in mind what you say will wear on others to buy. I will say I am here to reassure you that this stick is up there with some of the greats. I know everyone's UNICORN is to get their hands on a CUBAN, but this is my UNICORN just like getting an OpusX. DEFINITELY TRY THE ARMADA!!! I'm out........."
Man O' War Armada,5 out of 5,My favorite,"By far the best I have ever had. I would consider myself a novice cigar smoker but I have tied many different types. I am big fan of the Man o War series and the Armada is tops. It is smooth, burns slow and even with good flavor and plentiful smoke. This is definitely a special occasion cigar that I would be reluctant to share with anyone. If you want a pleasant experience it is, even with the full bodiedness."
Man O' War Armada,5 out of 5,Super premium you will enjoy.,"What a wonderful cigar, I have bought 3 boxes of 4 so far and have not found another that gives me the satisfaction of its strong yet smooth flavors. Love em !"
Man O' War Armada,5 out of 5,Heaven in a stick.,This is a great cigar. Pleasant full body with smooth texture. Truly a wonderful experience. Easy to draw.
Man O' War Armada,5 out of 5,Simply Amazing,"The Armada is an amazing manifestation of full favored aged tobacco. The draw is even and yields enchanting aromas and flavor. Mellow wood, sweetness, and no harshness whatsoever."
Man O' War Armada,5 out of 5,Exquisite!!,Absolutely by far the best cigar I ever tasted! Flavor for days!
Man O' War Armada,5 out of 5,"Mike Oceanside,NY",Smooth draw great taste
Man O' War Armada,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,"Although there have been some mixed reviews about this cigar, I personally absolutely enjoyed it. This was one of the smoothest and most flavorful cigars I have had in my lifetime. Recieving the cigars in the box of four there was only one downturn which was that the box did not remain fully closed without pressure on top. That is just a minor aesthetic detail and did not in anyway take away from the flavor of the cigar. Otherwise it burned wonderful and had a pleasant aroma for such a full bodied cigar. Although the price on these is very high it is definitely worth it for what I would agree with calling a super premium cigar"
Man O' War Armada,2 out of 5,Updated commet on the Armada,"This is a comment on my most recent comment on this cigar. The last two of these were a major disappointment but when I looked back over my cigar journal I see that I did have a couple back in September that were quite good so it seems that there is a consistency problem. Two of them were well made, nice wrappers and burned and tasted well the last two had large veins and defects in the wrappers with very poor burn and very difficult draw. It is hard to except that much difference in construction in a cigar of this price so I still have to give it a low rating"
Man O' War Armada,1 out of 5,A major disapointment,"4 January 2016 This is a major disappointment; the cigar is firm with several defects in the wrapper the wrapper has two very large veins that run from the cap to within an inch of the foot. The draw is fairly tight and the cigar produces very little smoke and the first inch has had almost no flavor. About 2 inches into this cigar and it is sad so far tired jaws are about all I have to show. I’m thankful that I only had two of these the first I had last month and it was about the same as this one. I gave up on it about half way thru and it looks like that is what is going to happen with this one. The write-up on this cigar had me expecting a wonderful relaxing smoke but it is hard to believe that this and the outstanding diesel line or the Ave Maria are from the same person. For me to try a third one of these someone will have to give it to me, I will definitely not purchase this cigar again. These two sticks were the bottom of all the cigars I have had in the last several years."
Man O' War Armada,5 out of 5,man o war,My husband loves them!!
Man O' War Armada,5 out of 5,Man O' War Armada a cigar that honors its price tag.,"There are many high price point cigars on the market that are priced on the name not the quality of the cigar. This cigar honors the price tag; the construction quality is excellent the draw and burn were perfect. The flavors of the blend fold flawlessly into a full bodied cigar that is enjoyable from the time you light it down the where the nub is too short to hold. I will definitely save the remaining Amada in my humidor for a time when I want something very special and when I have the time to just kick back undisturbed and relax. Unfortunately, this cigar is out of my price range to be something that I keep in my humidor on a regular basis but is an exceptional cigar for a special occasion."
Man O' War Damnation,5 out of 5,Very good smokes,Very good smokes
Man O' War Damnation,5 out of 5,Enjoyable flavors and a smooth,Enjoyable flavors and a smooth smoke
Man O' War Damnation,5 out of 5,Very Good Cigars I recommend,Very Good Cigars I recommend them to [email protected]
Man O' War Damnation,4 out of 5,"Pretty smooth, just burn a","Pretty smooth, just burn a little to fast."
Man O' War Damnation,5 out of 5,Great Stick!,Full bodied beauty!
Man O' War Damnation,5 out of 5,"All I hear is ""yum""",Guess that means it is a hit
Man O' War Damnation,5 out of 5,Perfect Addition,"First experienced these on recommendation of a friend. Picked up some Churchills and I was hooked. Smooth, crisp burn. Tastes and smells great. Will absolutely keep a few of these on hand, and will certainly buy again!"
Man O' War Damnation,5 out of 5,Buy these!!!,These are some of the better cigars I have smoked. Another good one from AJ
Man O' War Damnation,5 out of 5,Great stuff,"Great full body, powerful flavor."
Man O' War Damnation,5 out of 5,Very good cigar!!,Very good cigar!!
Man O' War Damnation,5 out of 5,Great cigar,This cigar was awesome nice full body flavor great aroma nice smoke. Will definitely be buying again
Man O' War Damnation,5 out of 5,Bought them as a gift,Bought them as a gift for my husband and he loves them
Man O' War Damnation,5 out of 5,Yes please,"Started out as one of the strongest cigars I’ve smoked then changed into a beautiful smoke
Nice burn,draw , flavour"
Man O' War Damnation,5 out of 5,Damn!,Wonderful taste. Nice even burn. Will be ordering more of these for sure!
Man O' War Damnation,4 out of 5,Solid,"I've only recently gotten turned on to MOW cigars and so glad I did.
Damnation fills your senses with pleasure! Very satisfied from start to finish."
Man O' War Damnation,4 out of 5,I was very impressed. I,I was very impressed. I haven't smoked many of these in the past. This is a great reason to by sample orders. I will definitely re order these.
Man O' War Damnation,5 out of 5,Bold but smooth,Great strong smoke and perfectly wrapped. Great bang for your buck.
Man O' War Damnation,3 out of 5,Full body,"Full body smoke, with a good steady burn."
Man O' War Damnation,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar. I love a,Excellent cigar. I love a full bodied good cigar.
Man O' War Damnation,5 out of 5,Fav gar!,I smoke these regularly and have never been disappointed. There are times I have to finish one later in the day or overnight and it’s still good. When on sale they are a deal!! Luv these gars.
Man O' War Damnation,3 out of 5,Good,Good
Man O' War Damnation,5 out of 5,Man O War Damation,"Love the flavor, good medium to full body smoke, and burns good. I will be added to my top 5 favorites"
Man O' War Damnation,5 out of 5,Great cigar flavor reminds me,Great cigar flavor reminds me of the orange county choppers
Man O' War Damnation,5 out of 5,Good Buy,"Nice slow smoke. Good flavor, even burn. Very enjoyable, will buy again."
Man O' War Damnation,4 out of 5,Enjoyed,"Very good cigar, smooth with a little spice, and a nice draw."
Man O' War Damnation,5 out of 5,Good price. Great flavor,Good price. Great flavor
Man O' War Damnation,4 out of 5,"Very smooth, great taste, full","Very smooth, great taste, full body, top quality"
Man O' War Damnation,5 out of 5,Man of War,Great flavor and draw.
Man O' War Damnation,5 out of 5,Man o war,The man o war sampler is outstanding!! What a great smoke!!
Man O' War Damnation,5 out of 5,Flavors abound,"Churcihill, very complex with multiple flavors and consistent, on the full side/stronger side very clean finish through out by retro hale, very enjoyable through out, will buy again!!"
Man O' War Damnation,5 out of 5,I was impressed with the,I was impressed with the quality of this smoke for the price
Man O' War Damnation,3 out of 5,"This is a good cigar,","This is a good cigar, but not for me."
Man O' War Damnation,3 out of 5,It was an average smoke,It was an average smoke
Man O' War Damnation,5 out of 5,Delicious,Great aroma and great filler.
Man O' War Damnation,4 out of 5,Really like the flavor of,Really like the flavor of the cigar. Didnt lose any flavor throughout the whole cigar.
Man O' War Damnation,5 out of 5,2nd box of these,This is my second box of these very nice I would order them again
Man O' War Damnation,3 out of 5,A very Smooth cigar loved,A very Smooth cigar loved the flavor
Man O' War Damnation,5 out of 5,Armada,A good flavorful smoke from end to end.
Man O' War Damnation,5 out of 5,Gladiator,Very nice and smooth.
Man O' War Damnation,5 out of 5,This stick.,Outstanding cigar period.
Man O' War Damnation,4 out of 5,Nice draw,It has a nice draw and this cigar is full and rich. Loved them.
Man O' War Damnation,5 out of 5,Is good,Its smooth and has good flavor. Not very heavy.
Man O' War Damnation,5 out of 5,great smoke,very nice all the way threw it
Man O' War Damnation,5 out of 5,"Nice, enjoyable stick","Got a deal with five toros a cutter and a lighter. Damnation accepted, smooth and creamy for a medium/full cigar. Very flavorful, complex enough to give it a boost. Coffee, bittersweet chocolate, earth, oak with a small kick of spice. I’d never turn one down."
Man O' War Damnation,4 out of 5,Just the tip,First time trying a MOW cigar and was very pleased. I’m usually a mild to medium type of smoker but got these for the golf course and couldn’t be happier. Highly recommend for a good smoke and good times
Man O' War Damnation,4 out of 5,Good burn,Good burn
Man O' War Damnation,5 out of 5,Damnation!,"Deep, rich and faintly sweet. Reminds me of a black cherry mocha stout. Just friggin' DELICIOUS!"
Man O' War Damnation,5 out of 5,AJ does it again.,Another great cigar from AJ Fernandez.
Man O' War Damnation,2 out of 5,Dont Be Dooled By The Hype!,"Just anotjer odferinf deom Man O' War that doesnt live up to the hype. Bitter, lacking any kind of age maturation whatsoever. I would put it in the same class is Rocky Patel's sun-grown series. Not worth the money at all. There are numerous cigars in that price point they're far superior."
Man O' War Damnation,5 out of 5,Aweseome,"Really enjoy this smake. Very flavorful, a d not harsh like some full bodied cigars."
Man O' War Dark Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,good,me likey
Man O' War Puro Authentico,4 out of 5,Staple in my humidor.,"Each one has been a real treat. Heavy on minerals, earthiness. Construction, burn, ash are always excellent. Will keep in the rotation for sure."
Man O' War Puro Authentico,4 out of 5,I personally love it but i give it 4 stars,I only give it 4 stars because this cigar isnt for everyone it does pack a nicotine punch if your used to mild cigars. Other then that i get flavors of spice earth coffee and slight sweetness perfect smoke for 30 to 45 mins after work
Man O' War Puro Authentico,4 out of 5,Reccommend if you enjoy MOW,I was pleasantly surprised with these sticks. Great taste and aroma.
Man O' War Puro Authentico,5 out of 5,Great smokes,"Long lasting, full bodied smokes. Great purchase"
Man O' War Puro Authentico,3 out of 5,Just ok,Just ok
Man O' War Puro Authentico,5 out of 5,Get 'em while they're hot!,"Love this cigar, always have. It's even sweeter when you can get a deal on them."
Man O' War Puro Authentico,4 out of 5,I am quite enamored with,I am quite enamored with all of the man o war products
Man O' War Puro Authentico,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar,"Excellent Burn, Construction and Flavor. This is one of my favorites!
JH"
Man O' War Puro Authentico,5 out of 5,Wow,What a little powerhouse !!
Man O' War Puro Authentico,4 out of 5,My favorite corona,"I rarely enjoy narrow-gauge cigars, below 47-48 ring. They tend to burn hot and i think 50-54 ring give a cooler burn and better expression of the tobacco blend. But the Puro Authentico is an exception - full bodied but not overwhelming, balanced, spicy and thoroughly enjoyable. Slow burning, well packed with an easy but not too-easy draw, even burn and long ash retention."
Man O' War Puro Authentico,5 out of 5,Puro Authentico,"This is fast becoming one of my favorite smokes, I can see why HJ didn’t want to give them up for sale this is fast becoming one of my favorite smokes, I can see why AJ didn’t want to give them up for sale"
Man O' War Puro Authentico,4 out of 5,Full Power,Wow. I have smoked ligero cigars and this is full body and flavorful. As strong as it was it stayed smooth. Burn and draw were fine. Tastes of cedar and espresso with spice. Smoked it down to burning my fingers. Perfect for after a hearty meal.
Man O' War Puro Authentico,4 out of 5,Good value,"Good inexpensive smoke for when you don't want a full size cigar.
Well made, good taste. Doesn't finish as well as a more expensive
cigar, but worth the money."
Man O' War Puro Authentico,5 out of 5,corona,nice full flavor good burn & good construction
Man O' War Puro Authentico,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Man O' War Puro Authentico,5 out of 5,Man O' War Puro Authentico Corona Natural AWESOMENESS,"Man O' War Puro Authentico Corona Natural are AWESOMENESS! The box was very well priced compared to my previous purchases, & with a little research I found out that Man O' War was produced by Abdel AJ Fernandez, who has produced blends for some of the best brands i.e. Monte Cristo, Romeo Y Julietta, H. Upmann, etc. He also produces the brand Diesel, another excellent cigar brand for the money. Anyways, I took the leap forward & bought me a box of these puros & boy am I glad I did! When they arrived, I opened the simple slide cover cedar box to uncover 10 of these gorgeous Cuban style cigars that reminded me of the Trinidad and Tobago brand cigar style, Cohiba Behike, or the Alec Bradley Family Blend & Victor Sinclair Bohemian Buddha's, which have the wrapper twirled into a little pigtail at the cap end, while the lighting end has the excess wrapper neatly folded over instead of the end being chopped off like with most cigars. So I picked one of these little bad boys up & gently removed it from its plastic wrapping as they all come despite being in the box. I took my Black Ops Perfect Cutter & gave it a few snips. The draw was easy & nice. The smell was aromatic & the taste was pleasant. I used my handy Eagle torch to give it a light. Lights up very easily since it's 42 gauge. After I lit it up, I let it burn a couple seconds just to cool down & burn away any lighter fluid taste from the torch. Then I took my first drag. Man O' Man was I impressed! Something so small compared to majority of all my other cigars (I have a closet full, at least 1,000 at my collections peak) yet the body was ensanely thick, white smoke! The flavor was superb as well! The burn was even the entire way & it didn't run of have any issues. It was a delicious cigar, which I sometimes wonder with these critics from Cigar Aficionado who rate different cigars above 90. I have many 90+ rated cigars & have smoked even more than that, & honestly I'm shocked that this guy wasn't rated 90+! It's 90+EZ"
Man O' War Puro Authentico,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"Great flavor, smoked twice the price"
Man O' War Puro Authentico,5 out of 5,Man O War Puro authentico belicoso,"Cigars are phenomenal, wish they came in different sizes larger to be exact, but every one has a perfect burn and phenomenal flavor, when they go sale I buy them"
Man O' War Puro Authentico,5 out of 5,Great smoke,alreadygone
Man O' War Puro Authentico,5 out of 5,SMOKEY BLISS,"I have enjoyed the Corona size in the past and decided to give these a go. So glad I did! So much flavor and smoke. If you enjoy a full bodied cigar, do yourself a favor and give these a try. I'll be ordering more!"
Man O' War Puro Authentico,5 out of 5,"Puro Authentico, One of the best!","Puro Authentico is a Fantastic cigar! Construction is A-1, razor edge burn, great smoke output,
Tons of flavor. You’ve got to try one of these!"
Man O' War Puro Authentico,5 out of 5,"A full on, rich Corinthian","A full on, rich Corinthian smoke when time is short."
Man O' War Puro Authentico,3 out of 5,Almost 4 star,Nice little firecracker. Draw is a little snug but the overall construction and flavors are ok.
Man O' War Puro Authentico,4 out of 5,Really nice smooth to the,Really nice smooth to the point smaller smoke. Short on time? This is perfect!
Man O' War Puro Authentico,4 out of 5,Love AJ but not elite cigar,"Got this box on sale and perfect time to try it. While I love nearly all the AJ Fernandez gars I ever smoked this was just very good. I am found of MOW, relic and avo Maria. Plus diesel."
Man O' War Puro Authentico,4 out of 5,Man O War Puro,Great cigar. Especially if you’re limited on time. Big flavor and body in a small package.
Man O' War Puro Authentico,5 out of 5,Home run,"AJ has done it again, my new favorite
I’m a fan of full bodied cigar, and these are great, without any harshness!
Thanks AJ"
Man O' War Puro Authentico,5 out of 5,"Smooth, full-bodied, and excellent profile","Smooth, full-bodied, and excellent profile throughout."
Man O' War Puro Authentico,5 out of 5,Pure Authentico,Don’t know why this gem isn’t rated 91 or 92! Full flavored little beauty that is in my top five favorites.
Man O' War Puro Authentico,5 out of 5,AJ Awesome,This is my second order of these gems. Surprising smooth and tasty(for a strong rated)cigar. They are rich and a pleasure to smoke. Smooth to the nub without getting harsh or hot. Will continue to purchase these firecrackers.
Man O' War Puro Authentico,5 out of 5,Love em,Great taste and I plan on a reorder.
Man O' War Puro Authentico,5 out of 5,A great addition to any humidor,"Super spicy and smooth with a nice classic tobacco flavor, quickly becoming my go-to cigar. Fantastic price for a wonderful product. WARNING: These pack a punch and could potentially make a novice smoker feel queasy."
Man O' War Puro Authentico,5 out of 5,My absolute favorite cigar.,My absolute favorite cigar.
Man O' War Puro Authentico,5 out of 5,Top of the line,"I’ve probably had 10 boxes of these since their release. Personally I like the corona size, natural wrapper. For a strong flavor profile you can’t find many to compare to this blend in smoothness. Love them!"
Man O' War Puro Authentico,5 out of 5,Great stick,Great stick
Man O' War Puro Authentico,4 out of 5,Nice small cigar. Fully of,Nice small cigar. Fully of yummy flavor and rolled well. Burned for a good 45 min.
Man O' War Puro Authentico,4 out of 5,Flavorful,"A really nice smoke, smooth, flavorful and even burning. All the essentials for cigar enjoyment."
Man O' War Puro Authentico,5 out of 5,Zlucky,"Good strong smoke. Well balanced, great construction and easy draw. A must buy."
Man O' War Puro Authentico,5 out of 5,Smoke what AJ smokes,Firecracker indeed! This little guy punches way above his weight. I wish I could just walk around with these in my shirt pocket AJ-style. I'd give it a 4.5/4.75. Can't wait to try the maduro.
Man O' War Puro Authentico,4 out of 5,"Pepper, and spice, and everything nice!","Natural wrapper version. AJ's blends and his personal blend is another winner right down to the nub. This little guy packs a wallop, I just wish it was a different size so I could enjoy it longer! Very interested in trying the Maduro now to compare."
Man O' War Puro Authentico,5 out of 5,YUMMY!!!,"This is a great corona. This cigar has so much nicotine that it's like smoking a pepper - my lips tingle and burn!!! If I go all day without eating and then smoke one of these - it will knock me down!
Great flavor, great construction and ALWAYS an easy draw."
Man O' War Puro Authentico,5 out of 5,Man O War,Great smoke!
Man O' War Puro Authentico,4 out of 5,They are OK.,They are actually half cigars. They cut the cigar in half and sell each half at the price of a full cigar.
Man O' War Puro Authentico,5 out of 5,AJ's Best,"What a great smoke, very flavorful. Only gets better as it gets towards the end. Would buy this anytime."
Man O' War Puro Authentico,5 out of 5,Excellent short smoke,"There are a great many AJ Fernandez cigars, and Man O War is at or near the top in my book. The Puro Authentico belicoso is one cigar I enjoy, no matter what I'm doing. Favorful with an even burn, I grab these on sale when they're offered, but they are good enough to purchase at full price--"
Man O' War Puro Authentico,5 out of 5,Plan on ordering again,If your on the fence do it
Man O' War Puro Authentico,4 out of 5,Great flavor,"The cigar burned well had a great flavor but was hot toward the end.
Overall a great experience."
Man O' War Puro Authentico,5 out of 5,AJ Best,The only better cigar AJ has is the corona in this. These smoke so good and the flavor only increases as it gets smaller. I think this is the Best cigar hands down.
Man O' War Puro Authentico,5 out of 5,Good Burn,Great finish.....tough to let it go
Man O' War Puro Authentico,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Man O' War Ruination,4 out of 5,Love it!,Great long smoke! Full flavor and great draw
Man O' War Ruination,5 out of 5,Nice smooth and Robust,Nice smooth and Robust
Man O' War Ruination,5 out of 5,Best made cigar...,Beautiful white ash... incredible structure... this is near the best I've had. Ever.
Man O' War Ruination,5 out of 5,Great stick,Great taste and shape. Nice smile output too.
Man O' War Ruination,5 out of 5,I like the ring size,I like the ring size and it’s one of the better Cigar’s taste great for me anyway
Man O' War Ruination,4 out of 5,good smoke,"a favorite, recommended"
Man O' War Ruination,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"Full bodied, robust, flavorful. Perfect construction."
Man O' War Ruination,5 out of 5,A pleasant smoke,A pleasant smoke
Man O' War Ruination,5 out of 5,Pleasant smoke. Worth your time and money,"I'm normally a Maduro guy. This stick was a real treat. Just enough spice to be interesting, bordering on fascinating. The smoke is luxurious and the the finish on the palette is sublime. I guess I know why they never go on sale."
Man O' War Ruination,4 out of 5,man o' war ruination #1,"great smoke! smooth bold flavor, would buy again."
Man O' War Ruination,5 out of 5,Ruination,Man O' War Ruination is DA BOMB! I've been smoking cigars for a long time (almost 40 years) and this one is a full flavored gem. Very big bang for the buck!! Very smooth and balanced powerhouse!!
Man O' War Ruination,5 out of 5,Very good smoke,Very good smoke
Man O' War Ruination,5 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
Man O' War Ruination,4 out of 5,A good smoke from beginning,A good smoke from beginning to end
Man O' War Ruination,5 out of 5,AJ FERNANDEZ IS THE KING!!!,"Awesome cigar!!! Medium to full strength. Tons of flavor! Perfect burn, great draw!!"
Man O' War Ruination,5 out of 5,"Amazing, smooth smoke","Top 10 cigar for sure. Smooth even smoke. Great draw, even better taste."
Man O' War Ruination,5 out of 5,Great full-bodied smoke,Great full-bodied smoke
Man O' War Ruination,5 out of 5,War horse,Love this cigar
Man O' War Ruination,5 out of 5,great cigar,very nice and will buy again.
Man O' War Ruination,5 out of 5,Smooth,Great cigar smooth smoke cool till the end
Man O' War Ruination,5 out of 5,Great Taste,Great Taste
Man O' War Ruination,5 out of 5,5 Stars Great Smoke,Great smoke so far half way through while writing this. I have it paired with some Monkey Shoulder scotch. Smooth and flavorful smoke nice even burn not getting the best draw from it but good enough for me to buy again. Usually a mild/medium smoker but love this one.
Man O' War Ruination,5 out of 5,All the wedding party enjoyed. Even father-in-law.,All the wedding party enjoyed.
Man O' War Ruination,5 out of 5,ruination,great cigar at a great price
Man O' War Ruination,5 out of 5,very good,very good
Man O' War Ruination,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Man O' War Ruination,5 out of 5,Awesome,Awesome
Man O' War Ruination,5 out of 5,Man of war,Flavorfull
Man O' War Ruination,5 out of 5,Very nice stick!,Very nice stick!
Man O' War Ruination,5 out of 5,Man O' War War Horse,Just tried these a couple of weeks ago and just ordered more.A great consistent burn that last with a great taste and comes in a very beautiful box.Very happy with my purchase.
Man O' War Ruination,4 out of 5,EZ SMOKE,"Nice start, needed a few relights. Best half way through. Good ash."
Man O' War Ruination,5 out of 5,What a Gem!,"This is a great package! The cigars are wonderful as usual ( They are Man-O-War) but in this size they are full mouth fantastic. If you want a cigar to be fully flavorful and last the entire bull session with your buddies, this is the one for you! I will definitely be buying more!"
Man O' War Ruination,5 out of 5,Very smooth and rich in taste.,This a superlative cigar. A very smooth and a rich taste.
Man O' War Ruination,5 out of 5,One of my favorite go to sticks!,"Great Draw,Great Flavor,and just Downright Enjoyment!"
Man O' War Ruination,5 out of 5,Top Three,One of my top 3 all time favorites.
Man O' War Ruination,4 out of 5,Ruination does not disappoint.,Bold and peppery. Completely satisfying.
Man O' War Ruination,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,Real nice cigar flavor till the end
Man O' War Ruination,5 out of 5,Great smoke!A-J ;),My favorite cigars
Man O' War Ruination,5 out of 5,Huntsmen sample Man-O-War,"Took the ""big boy"" Man-O-War Ruination cigars up to the deer camp this year. A strong treat, along with a beverage of choice, after a day in the cold. Passed them out and we were not disappointed. Big cigar, big flavor, and BIG smoke. Ahhhhhh"
Man O' War Ruination,5 out of 5,Nice box,A well made good tasting full body cigar.
Man O' War Ruination,5 out of 5,My go-to cigar!,"Most definitely one of my favorite choices, Manowar great cigar!"
Man O' War Ruination,4 out of 5,good,good
Man O' War Ruination,5 out of 5,Bill Blitch,One of the best smokes out there
Man O' War Ruination,5 out of 5,cigar review,These are one of the best cigars I have ever smoked highly recommended.
Man O' War Ruination,5 out of 5,Man o War,Big stick Big Smoke!
Man O' War Ruination,5 out of 5,Great tasting,Great tasting
Man O' War Ruination,5 out of 5,One of my favorites,all shapes of the Ruination are my first choice by far !!
Man O' War Ruination,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Man O' War Ruination,5 out of 5,Man O' War Ruination,"Pleasantly surprised, quality construction with an even burn, smooth draw with nice flavor...I will purchase this item again!"
Man O' War Ruination,5 out of 5,MOW rocks!,One of the best ever I luv this gar!
Man O' War Ruination 10th Anniversary,4 out of 5,Bold,"Love the bold flavor and very good draw. Nice full body cigar, great for after a meal!"
Man O' War Ruination 10th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Ruination the bomb,One of the best AJ makes for CI
Man O' War Ruination 10th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Ruination,I was very impressed with this cigar. I would highly recommend them!
Man O' War Ruination 10th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Great stick,Great stick
Man O' War Ruination 10th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Really like this smoke,Really like this smoke
Man O' War Ruination 10th Anniversary,4 out of 5,Decent cigar,Decent cigar
Man O' War Ruination 10th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Man o war..cigar,Great Cigar. From beginning to end. Such a great smoke. I love it. 😎🤙🏽
Man O' War Ruination 10th Anniversary,5 out of 5,I really like the 10th,I really like the 10th addition. Would buy again
Man O' War Ruination 10th Anniversary,5 out of 5,You guys are the best,You guys are the best in the business...keep up the great work
Man O' War Ruination 10th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Full Body,"Tasty, if you like a strong balanced cigar. Burned much better than other versions of Man O' War cigars"
Man O' War Ruination 10th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Never disappointed,I had my first Ruination 10 years ago while deployed and really liked them. So during this one figured I should have them again. Man O Wars are always top notch and never disappoint.
Man O' War Ruination 10th Anniversary,5 out of 5,My Favorite,Yummy
Man O' War Ruination 10th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Fantastic cigar,Fantastic full bodied stick. One of my favorites to keep in rotation.
Man O' War Ruination 10th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Full bodied perfection,Fantastic! Smooth with excellent construction. Flavor for days!
Man O' War Ruination 10th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Awesome Cigar!,This cigar is great! Awesome flavor and well constructed. I've bought these more than once and they're consistent every time. I highly recommend these!
Man O' War Ruination 10th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Man O' War Ruination 10th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Great cigar,One of my favorites now.
Man O' War Ruination 10th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Perfectly balanced Cigar,"Great Cigar. I received a few of these in a sampler and I was hooked from the moment I lit up the first one. Great flavors, perfect draw, even burn and very balanced."
Man O' War Ruination 10th Anniversary,5 out of 5,"Great, satisfying smoke.",Impossible for me to remain up-tight when I light up this great cigar. Better than a counceling session and a whole lot cheaper!
Man O' War Ruination 10th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Great stick,Great stick
Man O' War Ruination 10th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Man O' War Ruination is Fantastic,Smooth / Earthy / Creamy / Buttery / Leather / Cocoa / with a hint of pepper. This Leaf delivered a full taste & fantastic smoke. The cigar was most desirable; leaving me with wanting more. My personal rating is two thumbs up.
Man O' War Ruination 10th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Very nice,Very nice
Man O' War Ruination 10th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Man o war,"Great flavor, smokes well. Very enjoyable cigar"
Man O' War Ruination 10th Anniversary,4 out of 5,Happy 10th!,"Truly, a celebratory stick that any fan of Ruination will definitely appreciate. Medium to full bodied. An ample smoke with great construction & flavor."
Man O' War Ruination 10th Anniversary,4 out of 5,"Full body smoke, humidor stock","Full body smoke, humidor stock for sure"
Man O' War Ruination 10th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Ruination... what a cigar!,"I just finished my first of five. The other four are going into the little humidor with my favorites. This cigar lasted 90 minutes. I put it down many times it it came right back with a puff or two. Excellent rich flavor but very smooth, no bite. It burned cool with lots of smoke. I wrote it down on my ""favorites"" list to buy again next time on sale."
Man O' War Ruination 10th Anniversary,5 out of 5,just like the ruination but better,"very smooth, if you like the ruination, you'll like these"
Man O' War Ruination 10th Anniversary,5 out of 5,A must for any aficionado,"Excellent. Great flavor throughout. Sharp burn, light pepper and cream finish. I highly recommend these high quality sticks."
Man O' War Ruination 10th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Just great.,Just great.
Man O' War Ruination 10th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Long finish and taste was very tasty
Man O' War Ruination 10th Anniversary,5 out of 5,A must buy!,"Great burn, taste, smoke, and construction. A must buy for any MOW fan."
Man O' War Side Projects,5 out of 5,Outstanding,Outstanding
Man O' War Side Projects,4 out of 5,Good but does the price justify?,Are they good? Yes. But are they are not much better if at all than some $3 cigars such as HC red or Vegas 5.
Man O' War Side Projects,5 out of 5,Fine gourmet goodness.,I got one of these in a sampler and was blown away with the deep flavor and richness. I usually don't spend more than 3-4$ on a a cigar but once a while you have to treat yourself. When I was smoking it I left it on the fairway somewhere and when my round was finished I went back looking for it and couldn't find it but the half of one I did smoke left me wanting to say the least so I just ordered a twelve pack and can't wait to get them.
Man O' War Side Projects,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,My favorite out of all the Man of War cigars.
Man O' War Side Projects,5 out of 5,Man O War - Phalanx,Good easy smooth smoking cigar.
Man O' War Side Projects,5 out of 5,Side project,Side project
Man O' War Side Projects,4 out of 5,It was a good smoke.,It was a good smoke. Just missing a little bit of a spice
Man O' War Side Projects,4 out of 5,Pretty good!,"Bold, Smooth, and they don't break the bank!"
Man O' War Side Projects,4 out of 5,Very good cigar. I’d definitely,Very good cigar. I’d definitely buy them again.
Man O' War Side Projects,5 out of 5,Smooth and flavorful,Smooth and flavorful
Man O' War Side Projects,5 out of 5,"APTLY NAMED,","these coronas draw just fine, have loads of flavor and taste great in RJ Fernandez' fine blend."
Man O' War Side Projects,5 out of 5,Great little full body smoke,Love them!
Man O' War Side Projects,5 out of 5,Great cigar,One of my favorite from AJ Fernandez
Man O' War Side Projects,5 out of 5,Blessings of CI,"Thank goodness for lucious Man 'O War little devils arriving in the mail the day before the Camp Fire drove me from my home. I was able to grab the package off my dresser (the bottom drawer hides the humidor) while evacuating, and can now luxuriate with these prized possessions. Life is good... even though everything else is gone."
Man O' War Side Projects,5 out of 5,Little devil,"Great strong cigar. I favor coronas and this is a good one. Cousin to the puro authentico, another favorite."
Man O' War Side Projects,5 out of 5,good stuff,"I would buy these again, good draw, well construction and a nice flavor for the price"
Man O' War Side Projects,4 out of 5,Manowar excellence,For the price I paid on this 5 pack I'll buy them again and again
Man O' War Side Projects,4 out of 5,Man o War Side Projects Phalanx,"This cigar looks nice, it has a bold chocolate, coffee, cocoa, espresso taste with a slight bit of spice on the back side. The draw is superb. This cigars flavor is great and probably would have been even better if I could of gotten a decent burn on any of them. It was horrible. I spent too much time touching these up. Too bad when a great flavor is distracted by a bad burn. I’d buy them again if I knew it was just an off batch but your hard earned money will tell you not to do it."
Man O' War Side Projects,4 out of 5,Interesting,"Perfect construction on this stick. Started off with sweet and spice, then transitioned to earth, leather, and pepper lingering in the mouth. I think the transition was a little too stark for my taste and I missed the sweetness to balance the pepper. Probably wouldn't buy again but the burn was razor sharp and I enjoyed trying an experimental blend."
Man O' War Side Projects,3 out of 5,Man O War side project Little devil,"Having had Man O War before I wanted a full smoke and tried these...not a bad smoke but the other 5 pack I picked up were better...looking for a full but less ""tangy"" leaf...the little devil doesn't lend to a long lasting burn IMO for me"
Man O' War Side Projects,5 out of 5,C52 is an excellent MOW offering,"This is great cigar, medium in body. One of my favorites."
Man O' War Side Projects,5 out of 5,Great stick,A. J. Has another hit
Man O' War Side Projects,5 out of 5,Great smokers mow dose not disappoint,Great smoke and flavor took about 1 hr 10 min to smoke like a good cigar dose and ash dropped off in two big chunks like a good tight wrapped cigar over all I will buy them again
Man O' War Side Projects,5 out of 5,Undenyable great!,"Full flavor, excellent construction, best service from CI!"
Man O' War Side Projects,5 out of 5,Deep peppery flavor,"For me, one of the best cigars I have smoked. Deep flavor with a peppery finish. Best part about this smoke is that it doesn’t break the bank either. The minor negitive is because of the wrap you have to cut the end you light for air to pass."
Man O' War Side Projects,5 out of 5,Real nice5,Real nice5
Man O' War Side Projects,5 out of 5,Amazing cigar! Amazing delivery speed,Amazing cigar! Amazing delivery speed
Man O' War Side Projects,5 out of 5,Man o war chisle tip project,Bought a pack of five to try and turned out to be some of my recent favorites. Good draw with a coffee/epresso flavor and a good amount of smoke as well. Would do them again
Man O' War Side Projects,3 out of 5,Draw too tight for me,I dig the flavor. But for me the wedge shape although looking really neat and I imagine it's a pain to roll is its downfall. The draw is to tight for me and I think maybe the shape is the reason for that. Not my favorite smoke from them but for the Price it's legit.
Man O' War Side Projects,5 out of 5,excellent,excellent cigar
Man O' War Side Projects,5 out of 5,Golf Cigar,An excellent golf or anytime cigar for that matter.
Man O' War Side Projects,5 out of 5,Tasty,Another winner from A.J. Fernandez.
Man O' War Side Projects,4 out of 5,Worth buying,"If you like Full flavor cigar, this might be right up your alley..."
Man O' War Side Projects,4 out of 5,Satisfied customer,My son-in-law and I had too many wars last night with a shot of Jameson New Year's Eve celebration bring in the New Year's awesome smoke
Man O' War Side Projects,5 out of 5,Man of war projects Phlalanx,"Good smoke, rich taste, good draw. Cloulds of smoke. Recommend"
Man O' War Side Projects,5 out of 5,Great Sticks,Enjoying them greatly
Man O' War Side Projects,4 out of 5,Phalanx,"Good cigar, nice burn, flavorful!"
Man O' War Side Projects,4 out of 5,Smooth,I’m saving these for when I have guests. I will keep some on hand!
Man O' War Side Projects,5 out of 5,1st time go,"I'm new to the cigar world so still trying to figure out what I like, hate and love. I picked this one randomly in a sampler. I liked the way this one looked so I lit it up. Very pleasing taste! Enjoyed very much will purchase again."
Man O' War Side Projects,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Man O' War Side Projects,5 out of 5,Delicious,Nice dark and spicy. Yum. This is a cigar to have with a strong espresso or a nice scotch. But sip this one slowly... I found it to have a nicotine punch about half way through!
Man O' War Side Projects,5 out of 5,Project Phalanx,I thoroughly enjoyed this cigar.
Man O' War Side Projects,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"From the tip to the end very good smoke, burns evenly job well done"
Man O' War Side Projects,5 out of 5,Man o’ war side projects phalanx,Very good smoke
Man O' War Side Projects,5 out of 5,Very good quality,Enjoy being a member and receiving my product in a timely fashion.
Man O' War Side Projects,5 out of 5,My favorite cigar always good,My favorite cigar always good
Man O' War Side Projects,4 out of 5,Great Smoke,I'd buy them again
Man O' War Side Projects,5 out of 5,Little devils,Little devils are all that aj in a smaller package. If you like other aj blends do yourself a favor and order a box when you see them in stock
Man O' War Side Projects,5 out of 5,little devils,good blend. usually nub them and find myself wishing they were a bit bigger. I bought these as a cold weather short but will have to order another box before it gets cold
Man O' War Side Projects,5 out of 5,A Man's Cigar,Full flavors in a smooth smoke!! Not for everyone but if you like Single Malt Scotch this is an excellent Companion.
Man O' War Valkyrie,5 out of 5,“Perfect”,"I have yet to smoke a cigar by AJ that I dislike, and the MOW Valkyrie is no exception. Smooth and elegant with a perfect draw. I would say it is more medium than mild, but definitely one you must try. For a Connecticut, this cigar has a very nice finish, with notes of dark roast coffee, hazelnut, and just a bit of almonds & spice. There is even a faint taste of bourbon on the retro exhale."
Man O' War Valkyrie,5 out of 5,A great smoke,I have never been disappointed with AJ's Man O' War line. I will definitely be doing a repeat on this smoke.
Man O' War Valkyrie,5 out of 5,"Great, smooth cigar!","I received two Valkyrie Churchill’s in this months Cigar of the Month Club order. I generally like strong, full flavored cigars with a nice glass of bourbon, but this morning I decided to try this cigar with a dark roast coffee. This cigar is exceptionally smooth! Great draw with a creamy smoke. I’ll be ordering this cigar in the future for sure."
Man O' War Virtue,4 out of 5,One of my favorite,Never had this brand of cigar and too my surprise one of the best out of the pack. Rolled just perfect easy to pull from and not too strong
Man O' War Virtue,5 out of 5,EXCELLENT,EXCELLENT
Man O' War Virtue,5 out of 5,GREAT CIGAR,GREAT CIGAR
Man O' War Virtue,5 out of 5,Gear cigar,Mild In strength but nice flavor and lasts awhile.
Man O' War Virtue,4 out of 5,Smooth but with a bit,Smooth but with a bit of a lingering bitterness near the end
Man O' War Virtue,4 out of 5,nice mellow burn,nice mellow burn
Man O' War Virtue,4 out of 5,man o war,"Very nice cigar for the money. Usually draws very easy, good smoke not bitter. I would say about 80 percent of the time they are excellent, about 15 percent of the time good to very good and about five percent they are about average."
Man O' War Virtue,5 out of 5,My favorite,My favorite
Man O' War Virtue,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Man O' War Virtue,4 out of 5,Virtue,Another great morning cigar never had a problem with them burning doesn’t get too peppery at the end
Man O' War Virtue,5 out of 5,Longtime favorite,I got my first Virtue in a humidor/cigar combo about 9 years ago. It's been in one of my humidors ever since. There's just something about it that takes me back in time. Back to the beauty of sandy beaches and the smell of the sea. Virtue will always have a spot in my personal stash - I don't share this one!
Man O' War Virtue,4 out of 5,Virtue Toro,"very consistent through burn, smooth and easy draw."
Man O' War Virtue,5 out of 5,My Favorite Smoke,A real smooth smoke! Great tasting! Nice even burn!
Man O' War Virtue,4 out of 5,Yezza,"Excellent Connecticut roll. Well crafted and smooth draw. Butterscotch, cedar, caramel, toasted nuts. If there were some white pepper and ligero id give it that final star. Winning stick for me good for the AM and a good 2 hr even burn with seamless line."
Man O' War Virtue,4 out of 5,wowwie,Cigar definitely packs a punch.
Man O' War Virtue,4 out of 5,Very good,"Mild, great taste and aroma. Even burn"
Man O' War Virtue,3 out of 5,"No flavors, and tastes like wood! Even after sitting in humidor for couple weeks.",I did not like this cogar much. It starts out woody and stays woody without any flavors.
Man O' War Virtue,5 out of 5,Very smooth,Very nice cigar. Exactly as described. Smooth light and hints of nutty. I will keep this around for an anytime smoke. Paired with a porter...
Man O' War Virtue,5 out of 5,Virtue is my favorite,"Best cigar for my tastes. Always a smooth, creamy, long lasting pleasure. I would highly recommend to anyone. I ran out and tried to get by on another Connecticut but it was a total failure. I would still try others but this is the one for me!!"
Man O' War Virtue,5 out of 5,great cigar,great cigar
Man O' War Virtue,4 out of 5,the goat??,could be one of the greatest Connecticut cigars ever. try em
Man O' War Virtue,5 out of 5,Smooth & Creamy,Smooth / Creamy / Buttery / Hint of wood. I like it's medium taste.
Man O' War Virtue,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"Mild cigar ,but burns even and well constructed! Well worth the money!"
Man O' War Virtue,5 out of 5,It Doesn't Get Much Better,"Former Number One - now my Number Two. What can I say. Virtue has been my favorite smoke for over a decade. Still is when it comes to a middle of the day medium body smoke. Smooth as silk, smokes like a dream, I can't find fault in blend, wrapper, taste, draw, construction or burn. If I hadn't smoked a La Herencia Cubana Core - it would still be number one."
Man O' War Virtue,5 out of 5,Doesn’t disappoint,"Placed an order for myself and my dad! After receiving I was so intrigued by these I decided to keep for myself. Don’t worry I felt bad so I replaced them a few others I thought he’d enjoy. Man I’m glad I did these Man O’ War are excellent smokes. A bit more resistance on the initial draw but worked out after a few puffs. Great taste, some creamy and hints of nuttiness very tasty and not too overwhelming. Great smoke! I’ll be buying more as I can see these becoming a regular."
Man O' War Virtue,4 out of 5,Stronger than I thought,Don't let the light wrapper fool you. This is a very flavorful and well balanced cigar. Black pepper at the onset and great taste throughout. I would say medium -medium full
Man O' War Virtue,5 out of 5,Virtue!,My favorite every day Connecticut wrapper cigar. Love it!
Man O' War Virtue,5 out of 5,"Love these, good summer smoke or golf course stogey","Love these, good summer smoke or golf course stogey"
Man O' War Virtue,4 out of 5,Smooth flavor at a reasonable price,Good value
Man O' War Virtue,5 out of 5,Man of War,Excellent
Man O' War Virtue,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Excellent burn and no bite towards the end of the cigar. I’ll keep plenty of these in my humidor.
Man O' War Virtue,5 out of 5,My Favorite,"For Connecticut lovers, it really doesn’t get any better.
Great burn, aroma and shape."
Man O' War Virtue,4 out of 5,"No salt, just pepper",Light peppery stick.
Man O' War Virtue,5 out of 5,The Very Best !!!,"My choice for the PERFECT morning cigar... Anytime cigar !
The blend used is mild to medium, beginnings of white pepper with PERFECT notes of baked - toasted bread towards the end.
Extremely tasty...
Hopes that these can be kept in stock. :)"
Man O' War Virtue,5 out of 5,One of my favorites.,"Medium-bodied, excellent flavors in a balanced presentation. Got my first in a humidor kit along with Vegas, Patel, Macanudo and other top names. The Virtue impressed me most. Medium-bodied, smooth draw, even burn and an excellent blend of flavors. I try to always have a few in one of my humidors for special occasions. Virtue remains one of my favorites 10 years later."
Man O' War Virtue,4 out of 5,Nice smoke,A nice even stick. Very enjoyable.
Man O' War Virtue,4 out of 5,"Hard to beat a ""Man-o-War""","Hard to beat a ""Man-o-War"""
Man O' War Virtue,4 out of 5,Gurkha Virtue,"A little light body for me. However, it was a great smooth smoke. Nice draw, light, and airy. If you like a light body smoke this one is for you!"
Man O' War Virtue,5 out of 5,Best ever,Great cigar
Man O' War Virtue,5 out of 5,Very nice,Very nice
Man O' War Virtue,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,High time we saw what AJ could do with a man of war other than maduro
Man O' War Virtue,5 out of 5,My favorite cigar,This the most consistent mild cigar I smoke
Man O' War Virtue,4 out of 5,Virtue,Wonderful cigar. I will be ordering more soon.
Man O' War Virtue,5 out of 5,Nice,Nice
Man O' War Virtue,5 out of 5,Good mellow smoke,Great all around cigar that won't break the bank. Will buy again.
Man O' War Virtue,5 out of 5,Virtue Torpedo,A very robust flavor. Very smooth.
Man O' War Virtue,5 out of 5,10/10 Recommend,By far my favorite Cigar. Very smooth and mellow. No after taste and is just all around phenomenal.
Man O' War Virtue,4 out of 5,Nice easy smoke,Nice easy smoke
Man O' War Virtue,3 out of 5,Better luck next time,Eh. Was just ok. Not too memorable.
Man O' War Virtue,5 out of 5,My favorite cigar,It doesn't get any better than this.
Manuel Quesada 70th,5 out of 5,Very Enjoyable,"Excellent cigar and I concur with gentleman who wrote the first review. In many ways it reminded me of Davidoff ""The Late Hour."""
Manuel Quesada 70th,5 out of 5,An exceptional tribute.,"In my humble opinion, reviews should be done at different stages, as the reviewer develops perspective over experience. When I first reviewed this cigar, I thought it was great, artistically and technically. After a couple of years, I can say I’m a dedicated fan.
This is what a cigar should be. It is not ostentatious; it does not push limits; it accomplishes precisely what it is meant to be: a calm tribute to decades of experience.
This cigar will not expand your horizons. It will make you feel where you are is where you need to be. Aubtle cocoa, hay and leather. A little pecan.
This is a great cigar."
Manuel Quesada 70th,4 out of 5,Enjoyable smoke.,"I am a fan of Quesada cigars. The 70th LE is a good example of Quesada's style in my opinion. Toasty and earthy with a little chocolate, but with a little less density than I was hoping. They burn well. Maybe a few more weeks in the humidor will help."
Mark Twain,5 out of 5,Mark Twain Review,"The cigar was well constructed, was mild and burned smoothly to the end."
Mark Twain,5 out of 5,wonderful,wonderful
Mark Twain,5 out of 5,Good all around smokes. Have,Good all around smokes. Have become a favorite.
Mark Twain,4 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth
Mark Twain,4 out of 5,good smoke for the money,"pretty good,couple of ones not 100% but for the price you can't complain"
Mark Twain,4 out of 5,Good smoke for the price,Good smoke for the price
Mark Twain,3 out of 5,New try,"Just received them, and they are not bad. Trying to find replacement for CuAvana naturals. This was an option."
Mark Twain,3 out of 5,3.5 Actually Churchill Smoke,So far I've smoked the churchills And for the price this is a great go to cigar. I only give it a 3.5 because I have not smoked in anything else except Churchill. I believe this to be one of the sleeper cigars that is highly underrated for the price.
Mark Twain,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Mark Twain,4 out of 5,ross,"good everyday smoke, good finish"
Mark Twain,5 out of 5,Light it up!,Looking for a simple smooth cigar at a decent price? This is one to consider. Not particularly complex but well constructed and consistent. A great value.
Mark Twain,5 out of 5,Smooth smoke,I but these for my husband who like a mild cigar. This is one of his favorites and the price is usually good.
Mark Twain,5 out of 5,5,5
Mark Twain,4 out of 5,great for golfing riding the,great for golfing riding the mower or just sitting out in the barn.
Mark Twain,4 out of 5,Well Worth the Price,"Very similar to CAO gold. Very good construction, draw and flavor"
Mark Twain,5 out of 5,Mark Twain,"I smoke 2-4 cigars a day, and this is one of my favorites... Great for the golf course or sitting on the deck.."
Mark Twain,5 out of 5,Great enjoyable cigar.,Great conniecuit cigar that you will enjoy without breaking the bank. Taste is wonderful oak and creamy goodness.
Mark Twain,5 out of 5,A Fine Way to Spend an Hour,Great mild cigar. Takes about an hour to an hour and a half to smoke. Just right for a long phone visit with my brother.
Mark Twain,5 out of 5,Love these smooth bad boys!,Love these smooth bad boys!
Mark Twain,3 out of 5,Good price,A nice cigar for the golf course
Mark Twain,5 out of 5,Mark Twain No. 1,Very flavorful smoke
Mark Twain,3 out of 5,Average cigar,"The no1 is only an average cigar. While it burns even and slow, the taste is nothing special, and the ash is loose and falls off every 1/2” . I find the no2 has a much better taste but still just average daily smoke!"
Mark Twain,4 out of 5,Great Value,Great Value
Mark Twain,4 out of 5,Good churchill size cigar,"I received one Mark Twain #1 in a 5 pack sampler from a pop-up ad online - just one Mark Twain. I like getting samplers because I'm constantly searching for a cigar that I like that's reasonably priced. I thought this was a good cigar and would buy it as a stand alone purchase, although I still have several others to try and may like any of those even better. The taste was pretty good. It was a little hard keeping it lit at times, but some of that is the way I usually smoke cigars . . . sitting on the patio while working on my computer, there is a little bit of time between puffs on occasion. It has a full white smoke and good construction. The draw was occasionally a little tight, but not bad. It burned evenly through the end of the cigar.
The only reason I may not buy more of these is that they only come in the very large sizes. Those are usually a bit more than I have time for. But, for occasions when I have enough time, this would be a good cigar at a good price . . . except that they seem to be on backorder most of the time :-) That's probably a good sign!"
Mark Twain,3 out of 5,Hard draw and unwraps even,Hard draw and unwraps even with proper humidification. Wont buy these again.
Mark Twain,5 out of 5,"Buy it, worth it.",Loved these. Would buy again.
Mark Twain,4 out of 5,Great cigar for the price,"Nice, smooth, burns long."
Mark Twain,4 out of 5,Mark Twain,Love the Twains- the price is decent too. Cheap enough to give to the occasional smoker. Id buy again.
Mark Twain,5 out of 5,Great Cigar.,"I love these Cigars, I am fairly new to the Cigar thing, About 3-4 years now, but I always come back to these. They burn good, easy draw, and very affordable. I would recommend them."
Mark Twain,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar!,The Mark Twain No. 1 is very smooth and mild with an easy draw time after time. Excellent cigar for the money and can be enjoyed every day.
Mark Twain,5 out of 5,Delicious Cigars,"good quality, nice and delicious cigars. thanks."
Mark Twain,3 out of 5,Great Stick. Great Price,"Price wise this is a 5 STAR cigar. It burns long and is a good smoke. After taste lingers though. Overall, I would purchase again."
Mark Twain,4 out of 5,Great value!,"Great construction and easy draw. Light floral, sweet hay, woody, and mild tobacco notes. Very consistent and a generous smoke time. I keep these in rotation in the humidor because of the good smoke and even better value. Try them, you are likely to enjoy them."
Mark Twain,5 out of 5,Mark Twain,"Great cigar, very good, will order again!"
Mark Twain,4 out of 5,Great price.,Great price.
Mark Twain,5 out of 5,"All day long, all day strong",Bought multiple fivers and the flavor and burn were spot on right off the truck. Great everyday cigar.
Mark Twain,4 out of 5,"A good smoke , mellow","A good smoke , mellow flavor, burns clean. On my second order , this time ordered 2 boxes..enough said.."
Mark Twain,5 out of 5,I love this cigar!,I love this cigar!
Mark Twain,5 out of 5,Pairs well with coffee.,"I smoke a variety of brands, strengths and wrappers. Over the course of the last year, this cigar has become my go-to Saturday morning smoke paired with coffee. Great smooth flavor, perfect burn and overall great mild- mild medium. A perfect 1 1/2-2 hour smoke sitting on the deck watching the day begin and birds feeding at the feeders. There are more complex cigars and a lot more pricier but none with what I want first thing in the morning to start my weekend."
Mark Twain,4 out of 5,Pretty good!,"Was actually happily surprised by this one. Good smoke, nice flavor. It was a long smoke at 7”. I’d buy again but would look for A 5-6”."
Mark Twain,5 out of 5,M.T.Presidente,"Great Price,Great Cigar.Nice Silky Feel Outer Wrapper,Good Draw, Remains Consistent Throughout."
Mark Twain,5 out of 5,Great stick for any taste,"Fantastic smoke. I was pleasantly surprised by the great mellow flavor and quality. Good for sharing, golf, or as a go to at home. The price is incredible for this wonderful stick."
Mark Twain,5 out of 5,Mellow and smooth taste,Mellow and smooth taste
Mark Twain,5 out of 5,Great mild cigar,"Grate smokable cigar, very reasonably priced!"
Mark Twain,5 out of 5,Wonderful Cigar!,These have become my favorite cigars! Smooth and long smoke. I can sometime get two smokes from one cigar. Highly recommend.
Mark Twain,5 out of 5,Great Choice!!!,"For the price, I think these are wonderful smokes. Mild, even and easy burning and long lasting enjoyment...."
Mark Twain,3 out of 5,Mark Twain,Good everyday cigar at the golf course
Mark Twain,5 out of 5,Mark Twains,"I have purchased a few boxes of Mark Twain and other cigars from Cigars International. Twain’s are my favorite, The are smooth and enjoyable. Exceptional customer service from my friends at CI."
Mark Twain,5 out of 5,Mark Twain #1,"I am a weekend cigar guy not by any means an aficionado. These cigars fit perfectly with my life, they are mild, even burning and last through coffee, Fox News and a Ceasar on Saturday and Sunday mornings. In addition now that it is warmer they make the perfect smoke for a pontoon cruise."
Mark Twain,4 out of 5,More than worth the price.,Nice smoke for when you want to just set for awhile.
Mark Twain Memoir,4 out of 5,Great smoke...even better price.,Great smoke...even better price.
Mark Twain Memoir,4 out of 5,Good smoke for the money,Good smoke for the money
Mark Twain Memoir,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Love this cigar for an everyday smoke.
Mark Twain Memoir,4 out of 5,When the price is right.,No one will mistake these for the best cigar they ever had but when they are on sale they are one of the best bang for the buck cigars you've ever had. Nice consistent medium smoke from beginning to end and each one the same as the next. They don't split run or fall apart like some more expensive cigars I've had. This is the third box of these I've bought and I will buy them again when they go on sale.
Mark Twain Memoir,5 out of 5,Best budget smokes!!!,Best budget smokes!!!
Mark Twain Memoir,5 out of 5,Best Buy!,Can't beat this one for 2 bucks apiece!
Mark Twain Memoir,4 out of 5,Mark Twain,Nice cigar for when you want a long smoke found some of them to burn on unevenly otherwise a good cigar
Mark Twain Memoir,4 out of 5,Good cigar that will last,Good cigar that will last a long while. Fantastic blend of flavors to keep your tastebuds interested the whole time.
Mark Twain Memoir,5 out of 5,Great Cigar!,Great Cigar!
Mark Twain Memoir,5 out of 5,Great cigars,Geat cigars. I would love to order more but there aren't any. Still waiting for the Mark Twains I ordered in March. Anyone know why Mark Twains are delayed for so long?
Mark Twain Memoir,4 out of 5,Budget,Great cigar for a great price
Mark Twain Memoir,5 out of 5,My favorite go to cigar,My favorite go to cigar
Mark Twain Memoir,4 out of 5,good surprised,very good surprised
Mark Twain Memoir,5 out of 5,Mark Twain Personified,This could easily be called Samuel Clemmons because it is true to it’s name. Close your eyes and enjoy what it must be like on a paddle boat coasting down the Mississippi River
Mark Twain Memoir,5 out of 5,A. CIGAR THAT REMINDS ME,"A. CIGAR THAT REMINDS ME
OF BEING IN THE MOUNTAINS , EXCELLNT BLEND. NICE CHANGE FROM
FRUIT TASTE CIGARS. WHEN .I PULL. OUT A M.T. IM ALREADY.THINKING .HOW GOOD.ITS.GOING TO TASTE!!"
Mark Twain Memoir,5 out of 5,Quality Smoke,Outstanding flavor and craftsmanship. One of the best put together smokes
Mark Twain Memoir,5 out of 5,Good smoke for the price,Good smoke for the price
Mark Twain Memoir,3 out of 5,Decent cigar,Well rolled nice draw 2 hour smoke a little light to medium
Mark Twain Memoir,5 out of 5,MT2,Always a satisfying smoke.
Mark Twain Memoir,5 out of 5,Cheap but GOOD!,A good cigar for the money
Mark Twain Memoir,4 out of 5,Great smoke,For the price.
Mark Twain Memoir,5 out of 5,One of my favorites !,"Nice flavor, good burn, all around good cigar..."
Mark Twain Memoir,3 out of 5,Just ok,"I have smoked a couple of them they taste just fine, nice and bold. But they begin to unravel about 3/4 of the way through something wrong in the binder I suspect. Reason I gave 3 stars is the price was economical."
Mark Twain Memoir,5 out of 5,one of my favorites,I really like these
Mark Twain Memoir,4 out of 5,Nice smoke,"Good flavor, nice even burn. Lotta gar!"
Mark Twain Memoir,5 out of 5,go for it GREAT,"little vien slow burn good flavr. not as strong ias i like them but still good .
maduro. good buy good smoke for the money"
Mark Twain Memoir,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Halfway through this stick and I thought I was enjoying a CAO V660! Nice!
Mark Twain Memoir,4 out of 5,Great smoke.,This is my second box! It won't be my last. It's a great smoke for the price.
Mark Twain Memoir,5 out of 5,One of my favorite cigars,One of my favorite cigars especially for the price. Very pleasan
Mark Twain Memoir,5 out of 5,smooth smoke,smooth smoke
Mark Twain Memoir,4 out of 5,Decent Smokes,Good Smoke when you don't have any of the other premium brands in your humidor.
Mark Twain Memoir,4 out of 5,Best for the price,Best cigar for the price......a good one to keep around for a gift.
Mark Twain Memoir,5 out of 5,solid smoke for the price,"good smoke for the price...although, the prices are rising."
Mark Twain Memoir,5 out of 5,Love it,Love it
Mark Twain Memoir,4 out of 5,Any Mark Twain 60 or 64,A great cigar for the price. I enjoy the big sticks as well as it being a Maduro
Mark Twain Memoir,4 out of 5,Very good stick for the,Very good stick for the price!
Mark Twain Memoir,4 out of 5,Pound for pound,"This is a great “bang for the buck” stick. Is it comparable in flavor to the upper echelon? No. However, for the price and size it is the best of the bargain buys. Flavorful (Maduro) without being overpowering, smokes like a chimney, well constructed, and easy draw. What more can you ask for for."
Mark Twain Memoir,4 out of 5,Great smoke,"Great smoke, good ash. Burns smooth"
Mark Twain Memoir,4 out of 5,Bad dog the hog smoker .,Like this cigar. 6.2 x 64. Better
Mark Twain Memoir,5 out of 5,It's not in the name!!!,"It's not a Padron. It's not a Montecristo. It's not an Oliva. It's a plain, simple Mark Twain Maduro-style Memoir... Just like the name of one of America's most famous authors. The light is great, as the rich plume of smoke and undeniable taste tells you it's still a great cigar. It's less costly than many others out there and will make a wonderful every day smoke. Don't deny yourself this great cigar because of the name! Order a 5-pack and give them a try... Next, I'll try the Connecticut blend, and I have no doubt it'll be just bas good... Enjoy! LeRoy L."
Mark Twain Memoir,5 out of 5,Excellent cigars,"Great tasting flavor, they are a excellent smoke that lasts a good 45 minutes to an hour . Love them in the morning with some coffee. The 6x60 is one of my favorite sizes!!!"
Mark Twain Memoir,5 out of 5,good size,great smoke
Mark Twain Memoir,5 out of 5,Write a memoir on these Memoirs,Great cigar for an even greater price.
Mark Twain Memoir,4 out of 5,mark twain memoir #3,Good cigar at a great price.
Mark Twain Memoir,5 out of 5,"BIG SMOKE,small price","A Nice Hefty Cigar, Easy Draw From Start To Finish,Well Rolled.Flavor Medium+Throughout"
Mark Twain Memoir,5 out of 5,The Hubs loves these!,The Hubs loves these!
Mark Twain Memoir,4 out of 5,Nice cigar.,Nice cigar.
Mark Twain Memoir,4 out of 5,Good value.,Good value.
Mark Twain Memoir,5 out of 5,Cigar,Very good construction and a very good flavor that’s medium bodied. I recommend especially if on sale
Mark Twain Memoir,5 out of 5,will buy again,"just got my first box,diffidently not my last. Very good cigar"
Mark Twain The Press,5 out of 5,Love them,Love them
Mark Twain The Press,5 out of 5,Very nice,Really like Mark Twain cigars. Nice smooth smoke
Mark Twain The Press,5 out of 5,Perfect,A really good cigar
Mark Twain The Press,5 out of 5,Great smokes,Great cigars. Ol Sam would be proud of these! Great taste & burn . Creamy columns of smoke👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
Mark Twain The Press,5 out of 5,I bought these for my,I bought these for my brother and he said they were good.
Mark Twain The Press,4 out of 5,New Twain smokes,Surprisingly good even smoke. More an everyday smoke versus special occasion good
Mark Twain The Press,4 out of 5,Quality,Quality smoke
Mi Querida,5 out of 5,Perfect condition and perfect smoke.,Perfect condition and perfect smoke. Mi Querida always satisfies
Mi Querida,5 out of 5,A must try!!!,Bought a box and a couple of 5 packs about 2 years ago. Smoked the 5 packs at that time and I remember them being pretty good. Fast forward and 2 years later I broke out the box. I don't know know if was the aging or if my taste have changed but these things are outstanding. Only problem is their not going to last long.
Mi Querida,4 out of 5,Good smoke. Very tasty burns,Good smoke. Very tasty burns nice and even not too fast. 👍🏽
Mi Querida,5 out of 5,Amazing cigar,"This is a phenomenal cigar. Steve Saka and Dunbarton do it again. Thanks right up there with the Umbagog as one of my favorite smokes, hands-down. Try these! You will not be disappointed!"
Mi Querida,5 out of 5,My all time favorite stick,My all time favorite stick
Mi Querida,5 out of 5,DTT has the highest quality,DTT has the highest quality products on the market.
Mi Querida,5 out of 5,Mi Querida,"Outstanding
One of the best cigars I’ve smoked!
Cudos to Steve Saka for another supurb smoke!"
Mi Querida,5 out of 5,Very good cigar,Very good cigar
Mi Querida,5 out of 5,A must try!,Beautiful looking stick with simple yet elegant label. Super consistent and even burn with no canoeing. Plenty of smoke with medium to full body taste. One of my top 3 favorites!
Mi Querida,4 out of 5,Great cigar,"I had never heard of this brand prior to buying one of these in a Dallas store. I immediately bought more online. Outstanding cigar. Some of the ones I’ve purchased had a tight draw, which is the only reason why I didn’t give it 5 stars."
Mi Querida,5 out of 5,Great cigar for the money,"Great flavor , nice slow burn"
Mi Querida,5 out of 5,Favorite,Favorite
Mi Querida,5 out of 5,Great all around. no issues at all,This is my new favorite. It really was perfect in every way. Smooth with plenty of flavor and great burn. Will need to get some more!!
Mi Querida,5 out of 5,GGGGGGGGGGreat,One of the best cigars that I have ever experienced. I had the good fortune to meet the maker. What an education I got.
Mi Querida,5 out of 5,Solid Smoke,"Attractive construction, flavorful and burns beautifully, great with coffee!"
Mi Querida,5 out of 5,Better than the first offering from Saka.,"Wasn't a fan of his first release, too pricey for what it was. With a bit of hesitation I bought this and love it. Great cigar, quality build, good draw, even smoke and fuller more complex flavor than than before. I will be getting many more."
Mi Querida,1 out of 5,Bomb by Steve Saka,"I had high hopes for this stick but was quite disappointed. Construction and performance were perfect, however, the positives end there. What bland, muted flavors were present, ended in a very short finish. First half was a core of straightforward tobacco while the second half tasted like a dirty ashtray. I tried several and will be putting the rest away to see if anything changes. D-, sorry."
Mi Querida,5 out of 5,My New Favorite Saka Offering!,I love everything about this cigar!
Mi Querida Puma Negra,4 out of 5,Good smoke. Very tasty burns,Good smoke. Very tasty burns nice and even not too fast. 👍🏽
Mi Querida Puma Negra,5 out of 5,Amazing cigar,"This is a phenomenal cigar. Steve Saka and Dunbarton do it again. Thanks right up there with the Umbagog as one of my favorite smokes, hands-down. Try these! You will not be disappointed!"
Mi Querida Triqui Traca,5 out of 5,Fan for life,"Yes, all leather and pepper. For me, not a full flavored one. Would need some cedar for that. This was one consistent smooth smoke. Consider me a fan from now on. I will always buy when on sale regardless if the capacity if my humidor..."
Micallef Experiencia La Crema,5 out of 5,Micallef Gomez Sanchez Experienca La Crema,"I just tried this stick and I have to say it was a very pleasant surprise, it had a smooth draw all the way through a mild creamy start leading to a medium middle and a stronger peppery finish overall a very good smoke.."
Micallef Grande Bold A Maduro,5 out of 5,A hidden jem,"Wow! What a great cigar.
At first light up I wasn't impressed but 3/4"" in and this beauty wakes up nicely.
Glad I bought them."
Micallef Grande Bold A Maduro,5 out of 5,A hidden jem,"Wow! What a great cigar.
At first light up I wasn't impressed but 3/4"" in and this beauty wakes up nicely.
Glad I bought them."
Micallef Grande Bold Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great smoker,"A little embarrassed, but I've not heard of this maker before. It was recommended and I found it to be a wonderful smoke. Yes, very strong or robust. It did not overwhelm, but produced very good flavor to the end. Good draw, good smoke. Looks good.
It's a winner for me."
Micallef Leyenda,5 out of 5,Just buy the box,"Love it, Just purely love it, this cigar is worth 20$ a stick, absolute bargain. This is a top tier smoke"
Micallef Leyenda,4 out of 5,Oh yezz,"Really good cigar, great ash, good pull"
Micallef Leyenda,5 out of 5,"Super impressed, really enjoyable stick!","Wow am I impressed. This was a new cigar for me and solely on the suggestion at my local lounge did I buy 1.....wish I bought 10. This is a WONDERFUL smoke with just enough robustness but still enough room for all sorts of spicey tones. The construction and draw is just about perfect for my liking. Honestly, super impressed!"
Micallef Leyenda,5 out of 5,Favorite thus far,Amazing cigar!
Micallef Migdalia,5 out of 5,The Best!,My favorite brand and one of the most enjoyable and consistent cigars in their line. Full bodied but not overpowering. A must try for sure. It will not disappoint.
MISTAKES,4 out of 5,I like them. They burn,I like them. They burn evenly and have a smooth draw.
MISTAKES,5 out of 5,what seem's to be the,what seem's to be the problem with the supply of mistakes?????
MISTAKES,5 out of 5,This is my golfing cigar.,"This is my golfing cigar. Maintenance free. Punch it, light up on the first hole, stays in my mouth and it's trimming my mustache at the ninth hole.
Great smoke."
MISTAKES,5 out of 5,Mistakes torpedo,Like these cigars alot getting pretty frustrated that they are not available
MISTAKES,4 out of 5,Nice everyday Cigar,Good price for an everyday cigar!
MISTAKES,4 out of 5,OUT OF STOCK,Why are these cigars always on backorder?
MISTAKES,3 out of 5,Fair smoke,was not my favorite but will do in a pinch
MISTAKES,5 out of 5,A good every day cigar,A good every day cigar for the price.
MISTAKES,4 out of 5,Best cigar for the money!,Best cigar for the money! Most have a decent draw.
MISTAKES,5 out of 5,Great Price,"Mild, mellow and at the right price. These and the knockoffs are all that I now buy."
MISTAKES,3 out of 5,good for the price,good for the price
MISTAKES,5 out of 5,wonderful cigar,"Rivals the big brands for taste, good anytime of the day."
MISTAKES,5 out of 5,Great Value,Great mild everyday Cigar!
MISTAKES,3 out of 5,Mistakes,"I have only smoked about five of these cigars so far. Two of the five had the wrapper fall off after I cut the tip. I use a ""V"" cutter, so I just started cutting a smaller cut and they seem OK. They draw good through a smaller cut and burn well. They are a good work cigar, where sometimes they get destroyed when set down. good mild to medium flavor."
MISTAKES,5 out of 5,Very good smoke!,For the price this really is an excellent cigar! I have really enjoyed them! Will buy again!
MISTAKES,5 out of 5,MISTAKES Robusto,"For the price, these are great mellow everyday cigars."
MISTAKES,4 out of 5,Mistakes Cigars,Good smoke for the money.
MISTAKES,5 out of 5,$$$$$,"Great cigar for the money.
I smoked all brands and paid all amounts and this cigar can't be beat for the price!"
MISTAKES,5 out of 5,Mistakes,"Good smoking cigar, easy draw."
MISTAKES,5 out of 5,Smooth,"I'd like the burn a little longer but these are perfect for what I was looking for...savory, perfect for outdoors, lasting."
MISTAKES,5 out of 5,Mistakes,"Mistakes are more than terrific everyday cigars, whatever size! I've shared them with some friends, and they too, have become fans...Great construction, an always fluid draw, fabulous burn, smooth taste! I personally prefer the Robustos over the Torpedos, but you were out of stock when I recently called to order... First time that happened in MANY years of ordering them! Others are learning!"
MISTAKES,4 out of 5,A smooth smoke,"An even smoke, with good flavor. Definitely a cigar I will be going back to."
MISTAKES,5 out of 5,Great casual smokes,Very smooth and mellow smoke for relaxing on the deck.
MISTAKES,5 out of 5,"Spot on, smooth n easy!","As per previous reviews, Mistakes are a mellow smooth burning smoke, I'll be placing my third order very soon!"
MISTAKES,5 out of 5,Don't let the name fool you,"I wasn't expecting much from a cigar called a ""mistake"", but I was very happy to find a mild, smooth, easily drawn cigar-especially at that price. I hope whoever makes these continues to make the same mistakes for a long time."
MISTAKES,5 out of 5,Great cigar for the price,Great cigar for the price
MISTAKES,3 out of 5,Not a bad tasting cigar.,For some reason it taste better than usual.
MISTAKES,3 out of 5,Mistakes,Not bad good draw very mild but outer layer a bit flaky and dryid out
MISTAKES,3 out of 5,If you smoke a lot,If you smoke a lot of cigars -- I order 11 bundles of 20 every 5 weeks for my son and myself -- this is a great cigar. They are cheap and they smoke as good or better than some of the premiums that I often buy. I would rate them higher except sometimes I get an order that has dried out and the wrapper starts coming off and the tobacco cracks when you cut it. If one cigar is bad usually the whole batch is. I have been buying these for years and I'll continue to buy them as long as the price doesn't go up.
MISTAKES,5 out of 5,Like verymuch,Like verymuch
MISTAKES,5 out of 5,CI mistakes,"Bought these because im not a high roller im not rich, but i love the tast of a good quality cigar, and these do the job, like smoking on a oliva with long ash ,you wont be disappointented"
MISTAKES,5 out of 5,corona Mistakes,good taste and easy draw
MISTAKES,4 out of 5,These are mistakes?,"Really have enjoyed these smokes. If these are the mistakes I need to order the real thing. These are perfect for yard work, quick smoke while using the BBQ or if your not so sure you have enough time to get a full smoke in, so you don't want to break out one of your pricier sticks. Smooth, good flavor and smokes all the way down. I had 1 that was somewhat of a tough draw so I gave this a 4 out of 5 but you cannot go wrong here for the price point. Will buy again."
MISTAKES,5 out of 5,Mild,Mild and a great value!
MISTAKES,5 out of 5,Mistakes,"Great value, good cigar."
MISTAKES,4 out of 5,Good cheap smoke,"A mistake, second, blemished cigar have always been a good deal. This one is a really nice cheap smoke. Enjoy them,"
MISTAKES,4 out of 5,Mistakes Corona,Good smoke good price. Draw nice most of the time.
MISTAKES,4 out of 5,CI Mistakes,Very good for the price.
MISTAKES,4 out of 5,mistakes robusto,great everyday cigar
MISTAKES,3 out of 5,Mistakes,Ok price for what you get
MISTAKES,3 out of 5,Everyday,Great everyday cigar
MISTAKES,5 out of 5,Affordable easy smoke,Affordable easy smoke
MISTAKES,3 out of 5,Good flavor while they last..,"Enjoyed, good stick, burns too fast for me.."
MISTAKES,4 out of 5,"For the price, great morning","For the price, great morning smoke with a nice cup of coffee"
MISTAKES,3 out of 5,Mistakes,Fair tasting
MISTAKES,5 out of 5,Good Cigar for the Money,Definitely enjoy these cigars. Good cigar for the money. Are there better cigars out there.....sure...…...are there better cigars for the money...….haven't found them yet
MISTAKES,5 out of 5,C I Misakes,Great easy smoking and cigar. Smooth all the way down to the end.
MISTAKES,5 out of 5,Great Everyday Cigar,"This is my go-to everyday cigar. I will buy the premium brands when they go on special, but I normally will order a 20-pack of Mistakes, too. Great mild, tasty smoke (lots of smoke) with a very even burn. In fact, these cigars burn better than a lot of the premium brands."
MISTAKES,5 out of 5,Great deal!,This is a good flavorful everyday cigar.
MISTAKES,4 out of 5,Smooth,"First burn a little harsh after that smooth and enjoyable, burns well"
Monte by Montecristo AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar.,Excellent cigar.
Monte by Montecristo AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Exceptional,"I like these, lots. Get'm when I have a few extra Shekels. Way better than run-o-the-mill smokes. One of my fav's."
Monte by Montecristo AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,AJ at his best,Excellent smoke from light up to finish!!
Monte by Montecristo AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,An Excellent Cigar,"A very fine, everyday type of cigar. Smokes extremely well and is full-flavored. I recommend this cigar to my friends who smoke cigars regularly as well as newcomers. One of my favorites!"
Monte by Montecristo AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Outstanding!,"Instantly my favorite cigar. Incredible flavor, great construction and even burn. Ash for days. This cigar was given to me and I haven't even had a chance to tell my friend how much I enjoyed it yet. It will be a regular in my cart."
Monte by Montecristo AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,"So nice they named it... well, you know.","The coronas are box pressed, not sure of the other sizes. The draw was tough, but a little finger rolling and your fine (seems to be my experience with most box pressed). Flavor is as marketing describes (not begrudging marketers, some of my best friends are monkeys). Nice on a crisp fall night. Cheers!!"
Monte by Montecristo AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,A winner,"Its a Monte, and an AJ. You can't go wrong here. Great stick, with solid flavor that changes as you go through the stick. Typical AJ quality and design. Very nice stick. Draw might be slightly tight, but not bad. Just takes longer to enjoy. #CIMonteGiveaway"
Monte by Montecristo AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Monte,"Awesome just awesome, milk chocolate, raisin, coffee, nutmeg, cinnamon, spice and everything nice. These will stay stocked in my humidor"
Monte by Montecristo AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Mark’s Smokes!,A very smooth smoke. This cigar is equivalent to the Patron cigars of the same value!
Monte by Montecristo AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Love these.,Great smoke. Will buy more!
Monte by Montecristo AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,"Excellent smoke, nice tasting cigar.","Excellent smoke, nice tasting cigar."
Monte by Montecristo AJ Fernandez,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Tasty all the way thruogh
Monte by Montecristo AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Montecristo,One of the best sticks for the price. I think I smoked two a day. I would definitely recommend this cigar. TWO THUMBS UP!!!!!
Monte by Montecristo AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Great deal-better cigar,Awesome service...shipping is fast as usual...love this size and box press..burns longer then you think
Monte by Montecristo AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Awsome,If you like a long lasting good bold taste this is the one for you
Monte by Montecristo AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Well worth it,A seriously fabulous stick
Monte by Montecristo AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Great!!!,Great!!!
Monte by Montecristo AJ Fernandez,4 out of 5,Monte monte by AJ Fernandes,It’s one of the best cigars that i’ve Smoked
Monte by Montecristo AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Monte Monte,Great cigar a nice stick for a weekend with a scotch would buy again one of my favorite cigars
Monte by Montecristo AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Perfect for a short smoke,These burn for about 30 minutes and are a great afternoon relaxer. A nice mild flavor that did not get bitter at the end. Nothing less than expected from a Monte.
Monte by Montecristo AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,New experience,"Smooth and bold
Try them"
Monte by Montecristo AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Excellent gar,Excellent gar
Monte by Montecristo AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Another fabulous Monte,"Hard to beat a combination of AJ and Montecristo. This is an excellent cigar. Flavorful and strong, but not over powering."
Monte by Montecristo AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Very nice,"Love these two combined. AJ with Monte! Great cigar. Great draw, even burn. Solid white Ash. Will buy again!"
Monte by Montecristo AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"Another Great cigar by Montecristo, Have always been a Montecristo fan and this little cigar proves why. Thanks CI."
Monte by Montecristo AJ Fernandez,4 out of 5,Monte Cristina by AJF,"Excellently made, very good smoke. Not quite full-bodied."
Monte by Montecristo AJ Fernandez,4 out of 5,"Right smoke, wrong size","This is one of AJF's very best efforts. Good to see that he is adept at blending Dominican tobacco as well as Nicaraguan. My only problem is with the short size of the robusto, especially when the generously sized toro costs virtually the same amount."
Monte by Montecristo AJ Fernandez,4 out of 5,Another nice stick,"Seemingly small, but big on flavor. Well made, long burning. Don't usually invest in a stick unknown. Would by again........"
Monte by Montecristo AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Surprisingly sultry,Very good cigar - beautiful box press compliments a tasty wood start and sweet nutty finish - draws well and has a little kick with its full flavor- must have!
Monte by Montecristo AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,"This was a suprise, its a little smaller than Im used to but it hit the spot! Good burn, nice flavor."
Monte by Montecristo AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Very good,Very nice cigar!
Monte by Montecristo AJ Fernandez,4 out of 5,Great for a quickie,"Great for a quick smoke, well constructed, easy draw with a full bodied flavor."
Monte by Montecristo AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Top rated,"One of the best I've smoked in a while, smooth tasting with a very good draw"
Monte by Montecristo AJ Fernandez,4 out of 5,Not a bad one - a little to short though,"They were a nice taste, but I either enjoyed them way to much or they just burnt faster than others I have taken out of my humidor. I would get again though as I don’t always have an hour to sit and enjoy one."
Monte by Montecristo AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Monte by AJ F,"An excellent blend of tobacco flavors, great flavor right to the very end. One of my go too cigars"
Monte by Montecristo AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Sometimes you find a cigar,Sometimes you find a cigar that you like to smoke everyday that never gets old
Monte by Montecristo AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Monte Monte,"If your looking for a mild to medium cigar that you will thoroughly enjoy, this is it."
Monte by Montecristo AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,The Monte delivers on taste!
Monte by Montecristo AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Rich smoke,Rich smoke
Monte by Montecristo AJ Fernandez,4 out of 5,Great cigar that won't burn,Great cigar that won't burn your palette. Great for a quick smoke when time is short!
Monte by Montecristo AJ Fernandez,4 out of 5,AJ Fernandez,I have enjoyed my Monte Monte robustos. I want to try more AJ Fernandez smokes.
Monte by Montecristo AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Mn chugalug,Excellent smoke smooth to finish lots of mellow notes of flavor
Monte by Montecristo AJ Fernandez,4 out of 5,Enjoyable short smoke,Robust flavor
Monte by Montecristo AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Monte Monte,"Thoroughly enjoying the ""magic moments"""
Monte by Montecristo AJ Fernandez,4 out of 5,Wish it was a little longer,"Great smoke. Good draw, good flavor, even burn."
Monte by Montecristo AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Always a great smoke.,"Have been a CI fan for some time. These folks sent me my cigars when I was in Iraq (retired Army), in Germany and everywhere else I’ve been assigned. I still love CI now that I’m retired. They never disappoint."
Monte by Montecristo AJ Fernandez,3 out of 5,Needed less filler,Needed less filler
Monte by Montecristo AJ Fernandez,4 out of 5,Very good and tasty,Very good and tasty
Monte by Montecristo AJ Fernandez,4 out of 5,Good tast burns clean short,Good tast burns clean short cigar
Monte by Montecristo AJ Fernandez,3 out of 5,Strong,Strong
Montecristo,5 out of 5,Nice smoke and flavor is,"Nice smoke and flavor is spot on. Great smoke for short breaks. Also if you want to introduce your colleagues to the world of cigars, very shareable without breaking the bank or causing waste. Will order again."
Montecristo,3 out of 5,Disappointed,"The first one was rather uneventful, so I thought a few weeks in the humidor might help. Just finished my last one and they are just not for me. Not bad, just not something I’ll reach for again. The burn was perfect on every one."
Montecristo,4 out of 5,Great smoke,Always solid and smooth.
Montecristo,5 out of 5,"Nice taste, good loose roll,","Nice taste, good loose roll, and great even burn!!!!"
Montecristo,3 out of 5,Not Terrible,"If you like pepper, leather and earth than this is for you. I just like a little more flavor and a chewier stick. These are rolled hard and went out once. Stayed together well and it is a Montecristo just not my favorite. Would prefer a Media Noche churchill in a second."
Montecristo,5 out of 5,Montecristo memories,Beautiful little smoker name says it all .really reminded me of my trip to Cuba
Montecristo,5 out of 5,The Montecristo extra is a,The Montecristo extra is a fine cigar and good with coffee it usually offers a fine draw and is extra flavorful.
Montecristo,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Great Cigar
Montecristo,3 out of 5,Popped,Usually a good cigar if you have the time. The last few have popped and fallen apart.
Montecristo,5 out of 5,Great Cigars,Montecristo has always been a classic favorite for me. Medium bodied and a joy to smoke.
Montecristo,4 out of 5,good deal,good deal
Montecristo,4 out of 5,montecristo,Excellent cigar
Montecristo,5 out of 5,My Favorites!!!!,"Montecristo has been my favorite cigar for years,this one is mellow and smooth!! I enjoy as a casual smoke and the aroma doesn’t offend my wife or friends,they actually say they smell good!!"
Montecristo,5 out of 5,Monty great cigars,Monty great cigars
Montecristo,5 out of 5,Perfect!,Perfect!
Montecristo,5 out of 5,My fav,My fav
Montecristo,3 out of 5,Good light flavor,"They are good, but very hard to get a good draw on, they need to play around with right mixture and wrapper until problem is corrected, the regular size ones are perfect but these in the tins are not"
Montecristo,5 out of 5,Love those Montecristo's,"Especial #3 is my regular smoke. I like the taste, and the way they burn,.nice and slow, with a long ash.Or, when you have a long comforable time period to relax and enjoy the best of a cigar, a Churchill seems to really fit the bill, that is for me anyway. Gotta love those Montecristo's.The White Label Montecristo's are also very interesting. I am developing an apprciation for those as well. Good luck with your cigar selections. Hope they are as pleasing as these have been for me..."
Montecristo,5 out of 5,great cigar,great cigar
Montecristo,5 out of 5,The Great Cigar,This is a wonderful Cigar
Montecristo,5 out of 5,Perfection,"If you enjoy medium bodied cigars, you can’t go wrong with this cigar. Perfect build, burn and draw. Always consistent. Daily smoker or special occasions, always the right time!"
Montecristo,2 out of 5,Montecristo review,"I was really excited to see this offering because I enjoy Montecristo's, so that is why I purchased them. They were dried out, hard to smoke and not enjoyable."
Montecristo,5 out of 5,Monte Christo,Great cigar!
Montecristo,5 out of 5,Always excellent cigars,"Montecristo yellow series cigars are always in my humidor. These are definitely in my regular rotation.
Upon lighting I get notes of white pepper and cream. Further down the stick notes of nuts, baking spices, and some woodsiness.
Top all of that off with perfect construction, excellent draw, and you have one of the best mild-medium Dominican cigars money can buy.
Don't ever pay full price for these. Wait for the coupons!"
Montecristo,5 out of 5,Great short Smoke,A mild cigar with full flavor. Perfect when time is limited
Montecristo,5 out of 5,Good smoke.,"Good smoke, but this is an all day sucker. Make sure you have the time to enjoy it!"
Montecristo,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"Real mild smoke, definitely need a solid hour or so, slow burn with a nice flavor not too heavy or too light"
Montecristo,3 out of 5,Not as good as expected,Not as good as expected hard draw
Montecristo,3 out of 5,Unusual batches,"Normally a great little quickie cigar. I've bought these many times before. However, the last two orders were slightly defective. The order that I just recd had green blemishes on many of them. Either immature wrapper or mold? I threw many away. In the previous order, many of the cigars had tiny holes in them below the label towards the lit end. I couldn't get a good draw unless I put my fingers over the little holes. That was disappointing too. If these issues continue, I may need to try another brand or company to buy from... Too bad, otherwise I would give 5 stars. I like these little guys in the Summertime."
Montecristo,4 out of 5,Enjoyed um,"Usually smoke a fuller cigar, getting older, smoked these and enjoyed um."
Montecristo,5 out of 5,Monte Cristo,"Love the smoke and value, great cigar"
Montecristo,2 out of 5,Montevristo,Rolled too tight; would not draw
Montecristo,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Montecristo,5 out of 5,One of the best,One of the best cigars I have smoked very tasty and burnt exceptionally well wish I could afford to smoke them on a daily basis
Montecristo,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Montecristo,4 out of 5,Montecristo Cigarillos,Nice when you don’t have time for a full size cigar. Burns well. Comparable to Cohiba Pequenos but a bit cheaper.
Montecristo,5 out of 5,Mild,Enjoyed the mild taste
Montecristo,4 out of 5,It’s a quick 30 minute,It’s a quick 30 minute cigar and a very mild body.
Montecristo,5 out of 5,Great Deal Great Smokes,"Recently purchased these beauties on a great deal, they are pure Montecristo quality, rich and full of flavor!"
Montecristo,5 out of 5,Montecristo Memories,"So far they’re very good, I did have 1 cigar that cracked just above the label and was difficult to draw. Hopefully that will be only one!"
Montecristo,4 out of 5,Memories,Consistent and priced well for a minature. Smokes well
Montecristo,5 out of 5,Excellent Smoke!,Excellent Smoke!
Montecristo,5 out of 5,montecristo,"i typically only buy these cigars. the montecristo churchill is a great cigar. great burn, great taste. i highly recommend it."
Montecristo,4 out of 5,A good smoke,A good cigar. Burned even a lot of smoke. Nice for the price
Montecristo,4 out of 5,A good smoke,A good cigar. Burned even a lot of smoke. Nice for the price
Montecristo,5 out of 5,Montecristo,Excellent cigar and a great value! Thanks Cigars International!
Montecristo,5 out of 5,The go to,"Perfect cigar for anything from the beach and a beer to the city and after dinner drinks.
Definitely my go to."
Montecristo,2 out of 5,Pedestrian smoke,"Lit and burned fine. Not much flavor, not an interesting flavor. I’m hoping they’ll age well and be a better experience in the future."
Montecristo,4 out of 5,Good,Good
Montecristo,2 out of 5,So far will not buy again,"I have had 4 or 5 so far from a box that I just ordered. So far 2 or 3 have been way to tightly rolled, hard to get a good draw from. the others have been nothing to right home about."
Montecristo Classic,5 out of 5,Montecristo,Cigars are smooth and good size for a low amount of timw
Montecristo Classic,5 out of 5,M Classic,Great cigar.
Montecristo Classic,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"Excellent flavors, consistent burn and draw."
Montecristo Classic,5 out of 5,Smooth slow burn,Smooth slow burn
Montecristo Classic,5 out of 5,Montecristo Classic Churchill,"Smooth, mild, and smokes evenly. Personally I prefer a 52 guage over the 54. Your choice though."
Montecristo Classic,5 out of 5,Nice long smoke,Smokes for a while and burns evenly
Montecristo Classic,5 out of 5,some of the cigars were,"some of the cigars were strong in favor. Maria George
were not mild and didn't burn even."
Montecristo Classic,3 out of 5,Fell apart,"I think the wrapper was too dry and the insert was too moist, it just didn’t smoke well, didn’t burn well, but had a good draw when I kept it lit all the way around..."
Montecristo Classic,5 out of 5,Great little cigars,I've recently moved from large ring cigar to a smaller mini/cigarillos. These allow me to enjoy the cigar without having to lose half of it because I can't finish the larger ones anymore.
Montecristo Classic,4 out of 5,good price,nice smooth smoke
Montecristo Classic,5 out of 5,Best mild stick on the,Best mild stick on the planet
Montecristo Classic,5 out of 5,All excellent cigars,All excellent cigars
Montecristo Classic,4 out of 5,good price,nice smooth smoke
Montecristo Classic,5 out of 5,All were excellent,All were excellent
Montecristo Classic,4 out of 5,Can't Go Wrong,Classic cigar. Great to smoke when you have a good 90 mins plus to yourself. Only issue is some were a bit inconsistent. 3 of the 5 died out fairly quickly while smoking and were rolled too tightly.
Montecristo Classic,5 out of 5,TRADITION. EXCELLENCE.,"Highly satisfied with my purchase.
Thank you. Adolfo."
Montecristo Classic,5 out of 5,Awesome smoke,Awesome smoke
Montecristo Classic,4 out of 5,Good and smooth.,Good and smooth.
Montecristo Classic,5 out of 5,Monte reigns!,"Love love love! Even burn, ash stayed on..flavor was what it should and expected!"
Montecristo Classic,5 out of 5,Classic great cigar,Classic great cigar
Montecristo Classic,5 out of 5,Always Good,No complaints.
Montecristo Classic,5 out of 5,Amazing,"Amazing flavor, burns perfectly, a definite favorite."
Montecristo Classic,5 out of 5,Sampler,It's a Great sampler. All cigars are Top Shelf..
Montecristo Classic,4 out of 5,All good.,All good.
Montecristo Classic,4 out of 5,normally one of my absolute,"normally one of my absolute favorites, however my last 2 orders were really inconsistent. half of them were perfect and the other half were way too tightly rolled and burned very hot up the middle. 4 of them were not smokeable."
Montecristo Classic,4 out of 5,Always have been a Montecristo fan,"Can’t comment too broadly because other than a few seldom experienced clunkers, these have always been an every so often staple in my rotation. Like that chocolate sundae every so often. Always consistent"
Montecristo Classic,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent cigar!!
Montecristo Classic,5 out of 5,Very nice smooth smoke,Very nice smooth smoke
Montecristo Classic,4 out of 5,Good,Good
Montecristo Classic,5 out of 5,Classic Indeed,"Smooth & delicious, well-balanced and well-made."
Montecristo Classic,4 out of 5,I was satisfied,I was satisfied
Montecristo Classic,5 out of 5,Great cigar! tightly rolled and,"Great cigar! tightly rolled and a clean burn. A very good smoke, give yourself at least an hour."
Montecristo Classic,5 out of 5,Monty Classic is one of,Monty Classic is one of my favorites.
Montecristo Classic,5 out of 5,Very good,Very good
Montecristo Classic,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,Very smooth smoke. Really enjoyed it.
Montecristo Classic,4 out of 5,montecristo uh hu,One of the best
Montecristo Classic,5 out of 5,"A rock solid cigar, a","A rock solid cigar, a favorite."
Montecristo Classic,5 out of 5,Perfect for sharing,"Fantastic mellow stick. Sinatra, Monte & a glass of bourbon!"
Montecristo Classic,5 out of 5,A1 top notch,Very enjoyable. First cigars gone. Ordering more.
Montecristo Classic,3 out of 5,Its SO-SO!!,"i expected more at the price point, smoked ok but not really impressive."
Montecristo Classic,5 out of 5,My favorite cigar,Smooth cigar especial # 3
Montecristo Classic,5 out of 5,great cigars,great cigars
Montecristo Classic,4 out of 5,Great Smoke,"This is a nice, relaxing cigar that burns well and well worth consideration."
Montecristo Classic,5 out of 5,The Montecristo Classic,Truly one of my favorite go-to cigars. Smooth rich smoke with great aroma. It's a classic!
Montecristo Classic,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Great Cigar
Montecristo Classic,5 out of 5,Cigars,"I really love the taste of them and my husband is hooked, he wants more!!"
Montecristo Classic,5 out of 5,Nice long smoke,"Give your self some time to smoke this cigar, full of flavor. It a good 1-2 hour cigar"
Montecristo Classic,5 out of 5,Nice,Nothing bad to say but a good smoke
Montecristo Classic,4 out of 5,Nice stick first time trying...,Nice stick first time trying... it was good but I like them a little stronger but overall it was good
Montecristo Classic,5 out of 5,Winner,Impressive smoke that checks all category boxes. Look forward to my next order.
Montecristo Crafted By AJ Fernandez,5 out of 5,Super! From a newer cigar guy.,"I am quite new to enjoying cigars. I have been trying to figure out what my taste is and have appropriately been purchasing samplers. Luckily for me, I received some of these cigars and do believe I am sold on them. The packaging and quality have been perfect. I love the shape and build. More importantly, the taste of the hit as well as the aromas are my favorite yet. I found myself choosing others from my humidor first to try to save these gems for later. Well, these now are the majority in my humidor so I can enjoy them anytime."
Montecristo Epic,5 out of 5,Great cigar,smooth with a rich full body flavor
Montecristo Epic,5 out of 5,Best Monte ever,One great stick. Yummy....
Montecristo Epic,5 out of 5,Nicaraguan version of the Cohiba 1966,"Blah Blah Blah, Good Cigar, The flavor actually reminds me quite a bit of a Cohiba 1966 - 2011 Limitada edición, but not many folks got to try any of those. So try the Epic comes close"
Montecristo Epic,5 out of 5,Monte Cristo Epics,My favorite cigar!
Montecristo Epic,5 out of 5,Epic,Great cigar. First smoked on in Afghanistan and I have been getting them ever since.
Montecristo Epic,5 out of 5,Epic,Great smoking cigar. One of the best cigars I have had.
Montecristo Epic,5 out of 5,Incredible,"I REALLY REALLY like these! My local cigar bar had an event and the Montecristo rep lady said this was ""hands down their best cigar"", so I tried one... I think this is now actually my favorite non-exotic cigar, and I'm not one to pick a ""favorite"", I usually say I like a lot of cigars, so this is saying a lot."
Montecristo Epic,5 out of 5,Great cigar! Definitely one of,Great cigar! Definitely one of my favorites.
Montecristo Epic,5 out of 5,Great Cigars,Thank You For fast delivery and great cigars
Montecristo Epic,5 out of 5,Montecristo Epic Churchill,Love this cigar even though it is had to come by and very expensive!
Montecristo Epic,5 out of 5,MonteCristo Epic,Extremely fresh. My husband loved them. I surprised him with them and I will surely do it again. Great buy
Montecristo Epic,5 out of 5,One For The Books!,"picked one of these up from a local cigar lounge today, absolutely wonderful all the way down to the end; I didn't want to put it out! When I finally did give in and crush the ember I felt as though I could have continued on puffing away but I was just getting too short. I would definitely recommend these to a friend and might have to shell out the cash for a box of 10 soon."
Montecristo Epic Craft Cured,5 out of 5,Do it,"Excellent stick. Take it slow - it is worth it. Cedar notes and maybe a little rye on the first inch then a symphony of smoothness and rich, complex and present but measured flavors....going to try the toro next time."
Montecristo Epic Craft Cured,5 out of 5,Love this stick,Love this stick
Montecristo Epic Craft Cured,5 out of 5,"Great cigars, fast service!","No issues with this company. A touch pricier than some bit prime cigars and fast, smooth service/ordering/delivery. Excellent!"
Montecristo Epic Craft Cured,5 out of 5,Nice,Nice
Montecristo Epic Craft Cured,5 out of 5,awesome smoke,awesome smoke
Montecristo Epic Craft Cured,5 out of 5,Craft Cured Craft Beer,IMO best of the Monte line outside of Cubans!
Montecristo Epic Craft Cured,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"This cigar burns slowly, and has a smooth taste"
Montecristo Epic Craft Cured,5 out of 5,Outstanding!,Great cigar!
Montecristo Epic Craft Cured,5 out of 5,"Excellent smoke. Smooth, consistent flavour","Excellent smoke. Smooth, consistent flavour and an even burn. Destined to be one of the greats."
Montecristo Espada,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,By far the best smoke. Burns evenly and very enjoyable.
Montecristo Espada,4 out of 5,Very good cigar,Very good cigar
Montecristo Espada,4 out of 5,Smooth Taste,Very smooth and very little after taste the next day.
Montecristo Espada,5 out of 5,"A consistent, delicious Connecticut cigar.","If you like mild to medium bodied creamy smokes, buy this cigar. Trust me."
Montecristo Espada,5 out of 5,My new Go To!,"Love these Montecristo Espada is a fantastic smoke! I evicted several other choices from my humidor when I started smoking the Espada, and decided to make it my primary cigar. My all-time favorite is the Partagas Serie D No. 4, but since I cannot get those in the US, this Montecristo has taken it's spot. Thanks for the great deal CI!"
Montecristo Espada,5 out of 5,Amazing blend,This by far has been one of the best blends I have had since I started smoking cigars. I hope to acquire more of these before they’re unable.
Montecristo Espada,5 out of 5,Montecristo Espada Guard,Great smoke
Montecristo Espada,5 out of 5,You cannot go wrong with,"You cannot go wrong with this cigar! Balanced, smooth and full-bodied this is another Montecristo beauty."
Montecristo Espada,5 out of 5,Excellent Smoke,Excellent cigar. Very smooth.
Montecristo Espada,5 out of 5,A MUST TRY!!!,Instantly a new favorite and must have for any humidor!
Montecristo Espada,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Simply amazing
Montecristo Espada,5 out of 5,Monte Cristo Espada Guard.,"Great cigar! Very satisfying as a medium body strength cigar. Would buy again, but at a lower price point than what it’s currently being sold."
Montecristo Espada,5 out of 5,Worth the time,Consistently smooth start to finish. Had to buy a box.
Montecristo Espada,5 out of 5,Great flavor and bellows of smoke. A must try,Great all around smoke. I have tried numerous Montes' and these are at the top of the list.
Montecristo Espada,5 out of 5,Top Shelf!,Nice smokes!
Montecristo Espada,4 out of 5,Great smoke -,"As with most Montes this one tastes great and provides a nice break at the end of my day. Burns a little erratically, but worth the effort to keep it going."
Montecristo Espada,5 out of 5,Smooth,So for a full bodied cigar this is very creamy with a peppery finish. Its a high end cigar without the Pardron price tag.
Montecristo Espada,5 out of 5,Nice!,Nice!
Montecristo Espada,4 out of 5,this s a good cigar,this s a good cigar that is well constructed.however there are too many paper bands on it. they are often glued to the wrapper and damage results as the band is removed.
Montecristo Espada,5 out of 5,Montecristo Espada Ricasso,Enjoyable cigar to smoke. Will be buying more
Montecristo Espada,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Montecristo Espada,5 out of 5,Creamy Dreamy Delight,".... ok, this one of the best cigars I have ever tasted! ... no burn on the tongue, no bite in the aftertaste... just smooth as silk creamy, dreamy, coco and nutty flavor. There is no back end burning flavor... there was some speration of the wrapper and a small run in the leaf... it does not hinder the experience of this fantastic cigar... and this was just my first try of Espada. This is a must try for everyone, you will not be disappointed. The wrapper is awesome, even if it runs a bit. Super good! Yummo! Best monte yet. I will state that in my opinion, it’s better than the AJ. I still have to try the Pepe Mendez. The 93 rated Monte is not better than this creamy dreamy cigar. The Espada is my favorite... a bit high dollar, but worth it. Please try this smokie."
Montecristo Espada,5 out of 5,Espada,"This is a great cigar with an abundance of rich flavor and smooth to smoke. The burn is even and the draw is light, a favorite with our N.W. Florida Back Porch Boys cigar club. Our rating would be higher if you had a higher number!"
Montecristo Espada,5 out of 5,MC Espada ⚔️,"Good construction, a well balanced mix of flavors and simple to understand even you are not an aficionado! I do recommend also as a piece of colectivo n...I’ve ordered my second box already! Good price for a very good product!"
Montecristo Espada,5 out of 5,Love these sticks,"First they come in a nice box for the collection. I admit to being a Monte fan. That aside, these cigars live up to the brands reputation for taste and quality. The flavor profile mentioned above is spot on. I can't recommend these enough is for looking for a medium-full smoke that is deep and not totally dark."
Montecristo Espada,5 out of 5,Fast delivery!,Couple of punches on the computer keyboard and 5 days later I have my cigars.I have always been satisfied with CI will continue to give them my business.
Montecristo Espada,4 out of 5,Ok but not my top 10,"Ok smoke for the price, much better choices for similar money."
Montecristo Espada,5 out of 5,Must Try!,"Hand down a great cigar. Very rich, creamy, flavorful and packs a nice punch. Perfect draw and burn, great outdoor smoke and will have you feeling very mellow after. You'll want to sit and enjoy this, and don't plan to do anything afterwords."
Montecristo Espada,5 out of 5,Nothing but the best!,"The title says it all.. Montecristo Espada cigars, are a must have for any level of cigar enthusiast!"
Montecristo Espada,5 out of 5,Excellent,Superb cigar!
Montecristo Espada,5 out of 5,What a great smoke!,Smoked down to it last nub of nub. Flavorful and beautiful all the way through!
Montecristo Espada,5 out of 5,Awesome,Awesome
Montecristo Espada,3 out of 5,dried out cigars!,i was not as pleased as i had been in the past. cigars were bit dried out.
Montecristo Espada,4 out of 5,Joy,This montecristo is a over joy to smoke good flavor but not over powering. If you like the brand this is a must have
Montecristo Espada,5 out of 5,Loved it,"Great quality, service, price, & delivery time. Highly recommended!"
Montecristo Espada,5 out of 5,A slow smooth smoke that,A slow smooth smoke that wasn't overwhelming.I am happy smoking this size cigar had been reluctant to change
Montecristo Espada,5 out of 5,Love this cigar.,100% Nicaragua. Great flavor construction and draw. Beautiful packaging. Definitely getting more of these.
Montecristo Espada,5 out of 5,Just a fantastic cigar!,smooth and burns well and enjoyable cigar anytime
Montecristo Espada,5 out of 5,Worth the price,"Good draw and burn. Starts off with a bit of a peppery kick, while not as in-your-face as other Nicaraguan sticks. Mellows out with notes of leather, espresso and a hint of cocoa. Great right out of the box, but try to restrain yourself and let a few age. Like the price, the investment of time is worth the wait."
Montecristo Espada,5 out of 5,gotta try it. worth it,this is hands down one of the tastiest and mellow cigars ive had. for sure a top 3 in my book. the smoke is creamy the wrapper and construction is flawless.. amazing cigar
Montecristo Espada,4 out of 5,great cigar,Good draw. Mellow smoke. Great aroma. Very enjoyable
Montecristo Espada,5 out of 5,A pleasant surprise,Arguably the best cigar I've smoked to date. I never imagined a cigar could be so smooth and tasteful. It has a near perfect draw. This my new found favorite .
Montecristo Espada,5 out of 5,A pleasant surprise,Arguably the best cigar I've smoked to date. I never imagined a cigar could be so smooth and tasteful. It has a near perfect draw. This my new found favorite .
Montecristo Espada,5 out of 5,A rockstar of a blend!,"This is truly a special cigar. At first glance the appearance is very impressive at 56 ring and 7"" long. Very nice wrapper, elegant box. I think the bands are excessive but still very nice. The texture of the roll is supple, with an oily wrapper and beautiful sheen. The draw is effortless, with the first phase burning a light blue smoke. It has complex flavor but very mild strength. It held a 3/4"" ash at first light with very mellow blend of flavors. It is a great value for the quality of the smoke. I highly recommend this offering from Montecristo!"
Montecristo Espada,5 out of 5,good smoke,"this was a good, smooth, full flavored cigar."
Montecristo Espada,5 out of 5,Best Montecito Ever,The perfect Churchilll cigar !
Montecristo Espada,2 out of 5,Cigars Wrapped too Tightly,I can not get a good draw on some of the cigars that you sent even though I cut the end wider and wider to accommodate more air.
Montecristo Espada,5 out of 5,"great cigar co, always serviced great",monte cristo line as good as they make
Montecristo Espada Estoque,4 out of 5,Great Cigar... well worth the smoke!,"Great cigar, from start to finish...down to the nub. If you like a rich, strong smoke, this is well worth the price. Burns relatively evenly. For me, it's right up there with Fuente's Lost City. Of course, like fine art, the quality of cigar is in the preferred taste of the cigar affectionato!"
Montecristo Espada Estoque,5 out of 5,Great STICK,Great stick if U like a med to full profile
Montecristo Media Noche,4 out of 5,Good full bodied smoke but,Good full bodied smoke but burned a little roughly.
Montecristo Media Noche,4 out of 5,Very good cigar,Very good cigar
Montecristo Media Noche,5 out of 5,"Excellent. Great construction, draw and","Excellent. Great construction, draw and burn. Plus, it tasted really good. For a small cigar, it lasted quite a while"
Montecristo Media Noche,5 out of 5,great smoke. Very smooth,great smoke. Very smooth
Montecristo Media Noche,5 out of 5,Maduros,2 of my favorite Maduros. You can't beat a Connecticut leaf wrapper on the Montecristo Media Noche.
Montecristo Media Noche,5 out of 5,Montecristo Media Noche Edmundo.,A smooth and easy smoke. A good quality cigar.
Montecristo Media Noche,5 out of 5,Love them.,Love them.
Montecristo Media Noche,4 out of 5,Loved it!,Loved it!
Montecristo Media Noche,5 out of 5,Great cigar.,Smooth and great taste. Monte is the best.
Montecristo Media Noche,5 out of 5,Nice smoke!,Nice smoke around the fire while relaxing!
Montecristo Media Noche,5 out of 5,Great member of the MC lineup.,"Love my Monte Classics and Platinums, but this a fantastic heavier cigar, same amazing draw and burn as any Monte, very good with a icy glass of a dark smoky scotch blend"
Montecristo Media Noche,5 out of 5,My Go to!,After getting these in a sampler a few months ago... I had to order these
Montecristo Media Noche,5 out of 5,Excellent,Great cigar
Montecristo Media Noche,4 out of 5,Very good smoke.,Medio Noche has an excellent flavor combined with an even burn and good draw. It stays lit while distracted with conversations or other matters. Overall a very good value.
Montecristo Media Noche,5 out of 5,Great,Great cigars at a good price
Montecristo Media Noche,5 out of 5,One of my all time,One of my all time favorite cigars.
Montecristo Media Noche,5 out of 5,Excellent !,Excellent !
Montecristo Media Noche,5 out of 5,Great smoke,This cigar is a great smoke along or your favorite drink
Montecristo Media Noche,5 out of 5,Delicious,Loved these cigars!!
Montecristo Media Noche,5 out of 5,Good value and a great,Good value and a great cigar.
Montecristo Media Noche,5 out of 5,Good,Good
Montecristo Media Noche,5 out of 5,Love these cigar,Love these cigar
Montecristo Media Noche,4 out of 5,Awesome variety!,Awesome variety!
Montecristo Media Noche,5 out of 5,Very good cigar,Very good cigar
Montecristo Media Noche,5 out of 5,Full of flavor,Very nice rap with a nice robustness to the cigar
Montecristo Media Noche,5 out of 5,Good Smoke,Nothing bad to say but a good smoke
Montecristo Media Noche,5 out of 5,Great,Terrific smoke at a great price
Montecristo Media Noche,4 out of 5,An enjoyable stick.,"Good construction and burn lines.
Nice flavors and smoke out put.
Looking forward to pairing with coffee."
Montecristo Media Noche,5 out of 5,Delivery always on time. Great,Delivery always on time. Great costumer service. And good cigar condition.
Montecristo Media Noche,4 out of 5,Ok but too mild for,Ok but too mild for my taste.
Montecristo Media Noche,3 out of 5,Every day,Every day
Montecristo Media Noche,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,When smoked slowly and properly this is a fantastic cigar
Montecristo Media Noche,5 out of 5,Montecristo Maniac,Fantastic! Great full body.
Montecristo Media Noche,5 out of 5,"Excellent, great smokes","Excellent, great smokes"
Montecristo Media Noche,5 out of 5,Good Cigar,Very smoth Cigar
Montecristo Media Noche,5 out of 5,Grat deal!,Media Noche is flavorful and slow burning with a powerful draw
Montecristo Media Noche,5 out of 5,Good value,Good value
Montecristo Media Noche,5 out of 5,Monte cristo media noche,Thank you CI for giving me the chance to try these wonderful smokes. With your good deals I am able to smoke one of the finest cigars I have ever had. Will purchase again. I absolutely love them. I received them in less than four days and am thrilled with your staff and everyone at CI. Thanks again and Merry Christmas!
Montecristo Media Noche,5 out of 5,Finnaly a cigar I can go for!,"Taste, draw and packing are much better then average. Put a fair price on them and they should entice many a cigar smoker to relish these babies!"
Montecristo Media Noche,5 out of 5,Dark Magic,Very tasty
Montecristo Media Noche,5 out of 5,Smooth and easy draw. Very,Smooth and easy draw. Very even flavor throughout
Montecristo Media Noche,5 out of 5,"Favorite cigar, hands down","Stumbled on these gems in a sampler pack. I continue to try new and different cigars but every time I come back to these I tell myself, “hands down, this is my favorite stick.” Great even burn from start to finish. I stood one up on 4” of ash one evening. I have never had one that swayed from tasting anything but phenomenal. Although a strong profile, the taste is smooth and almost sweet. Worth every penny."
Montecristo Media Noche,5 out of 5,Montecristo Rules...,"Part of CI's much-loved sampler packages. Gives you a chance to try many great flavors and styles of cigars. Media Noche literally means: ""Midnight Hour"". A wonder, velvety name for this delicious self-treat. The most smooth, creamy draw and burn on this tobacco masterpiece. My favorite dark cigar EVER! Thinking it would be strong because of it's color would be a great disservice. Even a beginner smoker would be impressed with it's pleasurable body and likeability. This is only the start of life-long relationship with this ""classic"" smoke 'till the folks at Montecristo come along with something better... Hard to beat and thanks to CI for their samplers. LeRoy L."
Montecristo Media Noche,4 out of 5,MC MEDIA NOCHE,"GREAT SMOKE, CONSISTENT AND COOL BURN!"
Montecristo Media Noche,4 out of 5,Great stick,Definitely a four star cigar great taste great smoke very nice stick long burn great aroma one of my weekend specials
Montecristo Media Noche,4 out of 5,Good,They were smooth and fresh. Good smoke.
Montecristo Media Noche,5 out of 5,Late evening smoke,A wonderful late evening smoke. Easy draw with a rich after tase. The Edmundo is a surprisingly long smoke and even burn.
Montecristo Media Noche,5 out of 5,Great Montecristo Smoke,"Great smoke, excellent pricing, a truly wonderful Montecristo smoke!! *****5Stars"
Montecristo Media Noche,5 out of 5,good cigar,not bad pretty smooth and great taste;-)
Montecristo Media Noche,5 out of 5,Primo,Great for the money
Montecristo Memories (Cigarillos),5 out of 5,Fathers Day Gift,My husband loves these little cigars. They are just right for an after dinner smoke and a little drink.
Montecristo Memories (Cigarillos),5 out of 5,Nice smoke and flavor is,"Nice smoke and flavor is spot on. Great smoke for short breaks. Also if you want to introduce your colleagues to the world of cigars, very shareable without breaking the bank or causing waste. Will order again."
Montecristo Memories (Cigarillos),5 out of 5,"Nice taste, good loose roll,","Nice taste, good loose roll, and great even burn!!!!"
Montecristo Memories (Cigarillos),5 out of 5,Montecristo memories,Beautiful little smoker name says it all .really reminded me of my trip to Cuba
Montecristo Memories (Cigarillos),4 out of 5,good deal,good deal
Montecristo Memories (Cigarillos),5 out of 5,Perfect!,Perfect!
Montecristo Memories (Cigarillos),3 out of 5,Good light flavor,"They are good, but very hard to get a good draw on, they need to play around with right mixture and wrapper until problem is corrected, the regular size ones are perfect but these in the tins are not"
Montecristo Memories (Cigarillos),5 out of 5,Love those Montecristo's,"Especial #3 is my regular smoke. I like the taste, and the way they burn,.nice and slow, with a long ash.Or, when you have a long comforable time period to relax and enjoy the best of a cigar, a Churchill seems to really fit the bill, that is for me anyway. Gotta love those Montecristo's.The White Label Montecristo's are also very interesting. I am developing an apprciation for those as well. Good luck with your cigar selections. Hope they are as pleasing as these have been for me..."
Montecristo Memories (Cigarillos),5 out of 5,Great short Smoke,A mild cigar with full flavor. Perfect when time is limited
Montecristo Memories (Cigarillos),3 out of 5,Unusual batches,"Normally a great little quickie cigar. I've bought these many times before. However, the last two orders were slightly defective. The order that I just recd had green blemishes on many of them. Either immature wrapper or mold? I threw many away. In the previous order, many of the cigars had tiny holes in them below the label towards the lit end. I couldn't get a good draw unless I put my fingers over the little holes. That was disappointing too. If these issues continue, I may need to try another brand or company to buy from... Too bad, otherwise I would give 5 stars. I like these little guys in the Summertime."
Montecristo Memories (Cigarillos),4 out of 5,Montecristo Cigarillos,Nice when you don’t have time for a full size cigar. Burns well. Comparable to Cohiba Pequenos but a bit cheaper.
Montecristo Memories (Cigarillos),4 out of 5,It’s a quick 30 minute,It’s a quick 30 minute cigar and a very mild body.
Montecristo Memories (Cigarillos),5 out of 5,Montecristo Memories,"So far they’re very good, I did have 1 cigar that cracked just above the label and was difficult to draw. Hopefully that will be only one!"
Montecristo Memories (Cigarillos),4 out of 5,Memories,Consistent and priced well for a minature. Smokes well
Montecristo Memories (Cigarillos),5 out of 5,American pride,Nice smoke
Montecristo Memories (Cigarillos),4 out of 5,Not bad,"Good taste, too thin"
Montecristo Memories (Cigarillos),5 out of 5,Fabulous Little Smoke.,"Great taste, smooth draw, consistent flavor."
Montecristo Memories (Cigarillos),4 out of 5,Great cigar for a quick smoke,Nice smoke in a time limited slot!
Montecristo Memories (Cigarillos),5 out of 5,Great quality and value,This is the best value in a small cigar if you buy the thirty pack. The taste is great and they always burn evenly and stay lit.
Montecristo Memories (Cigarillos),5 out of 5,solid little cigars,"nice smoke, consistent sticks. not one was a dud."
Montecristo Memories (Cigarillos),5 out of 5,Good smokes for quick smoke time,"They burn good and have good Monte flavor, last about 30 to 40 minutes. Love the tins, you can carry a tin with you as they have the fresh seal pouch with them and they keep protected."
Montecristo Memories (Cigarillos),5 out of 5,M. Memories,Very good cigar!
Montecristo Memories (Cigarillos),5 out of 5,awesome cigar,"Great cigar, big flavor,"
Montecristo Memories (Cigarillos),5 out of 5,Excellent smokes,I work for the railroad and these are perfect for walking the yard and when working on stuff. They can last up to an hour and you don't feel bad/wasteful if you pitch them early
Montecristo Memories (Cigarillos),5 out of 5,Tasty,Tasty little sticks ufff so good for a short smoke
Montecristo Memories (Cigarillos),5 out of 5,Montecristo Memories.,I'm a big fan of Montecristo cigars and these little guy do not disappoint. Just a really good short smoke.
Montecristo Memories (Cigarillos),5 out of 5,Great product,Great cigar and super fast delivery.
Montecristo Memories (Cigarillos),1 out of 5,Not what I expected from Montecristo.,Taste bad. Bad draw. Fell apart. Not what I expected from Montecristo.
Montecristo Memories (Cigarillos),4 out of 5,Nice little smoke for when,Nice little smoke for when you're short on smoking time
Montecristo Memories (Cigarillos),2 out of 5,Hard to smoke.,Flavors wasn't too bad but very hard to smoke. The tobacco was packed tightly and it was very hard to draw.
Montecristo Memories (Cigarillos),5 out of 5,"Great service, awesome little smoke","Great service, awesome little smoke and can't beat the price!"
Montecristo Memories (Cigarillos),3 out of 5,mike q,"not a bad little cigar,draws hard but lasts and is mild to taste"
Montecristo Memories (Cigarillos),5 out of 5,Great little smokes,"These little cigars pack the same great flavor as their bigger brothers but at a much better price for the everyday smoker. I would say they're a little on the milder side of medium, but still tasty. I also loved that the tin came with a little humidifier in it."
Montecristo Memories (Cigarillos),4 out of 5,Friendly Service,Cigars int'l is friendly and has the available when needed.
Montecristo Memories (Cigarillos),5 out of 5,very mild,very mild
Montecristo Memories (Cigarillos),4 out of 5,Exactly what I would expect from a Montecristo,"I have found that cigarillos usually burn fast and turn off bitter, but not these. The Montecristo Memories are a good little cigar for when you don't have 2 hours to sit and enjoy a full sized cigar. They have a good even burn and smooth smoke right to the end. Exactly what I would expect from a Montecristo."
Montecristo Memories (Cigarillos),5 out of 5,Montecristo Memories,"Stupid awesome value for the quality of the cigar, made this one of my everyday flavors, CI thank you!!!!"
Montecristo Memories (Cigarillos),5 out of 5,"A tasty, affordable smoner","These are quick, tasty smokers that are a great value. Perfect for the golf course, doing yard work, or just enjoying on he front porch."
Montecristo Memories (Cigarillos),4 out of 5,Good smoke,Great smoke for the money
Montecristo Memories (Cigarillos),5 out of 5,Great!,Great smoke for whenever. Smells and tastes great. You won't be disappointed
Montecristo Memories (Cigarillos),5 out of 5,Very good cigars,For a small cigar they have a lot of flavor.
Montecristo Memories (Cigarillos),5 out of 5,One of my favorites,"I am a Montecristo fan. I really like the smaller Monte's as they go will with a pint of Beer while BBQ. 1 Montecristo, 1beer, dinner Ready."
Montecristo Memories (Cigarillos),5 out of 5,great short smoke.,great short smoke.
Montecristo Memories (Cigarillos),5 out of 5,Small Cigars,"I enjoy several small cigars each day. The Montecristos are most consistent, flavor, tightness. They draw better than other small cigars."
Montecristo Memories (Cigarillos),5 out of 5,Great Product!,These were packed well and are the perfect for when you don't have the time to smoke a regular cigar in my view.
Montecristo Memories (Cigarillos),3 out of 5,short time montees,"In the cold winter days and chilling winter nights an after dinner
smoke relieves many after fatigue ,tension,fullness of stomach
and there is this short Montecristo Memories comes on handy as
soon as the body feels the chill,the smoke is over,amazing.
This tins are machine made,some are hard to puff at,mostly ok."
Montecristo Memories (Cigarillos),5 out of 5,My favorite little smoke,"Living in Wisconsin I can't always take the time to enjoy a full sized cigar during these cold winter days. I have found these Monties are as good as their big brothers, well constructed from quality tobacco. George (Mequon,Wi)"
Montecristo Memories (Cigarillos),5 out of 5,Great little smoke,The Montecristo Memories give all the smoking pleasure of the bigger Montes with out the cost or the longer commitment to a large cigar. Well made for a mini and very tasty.
Montecristo Memories (Cigarillos),4 out of 5,ok,These are ok they taste great but but some of them are not rolled they best not many but a few have some issues they do come with a boveda pack in eack tin so they are nice a fresh when open them up.
Montecristo Memories (Cigarillos),5 out of 5,Monte Cristo,"great little cigar, smooth even burner for a short drive."
Montecristo Monte,4 out of 5,Tasty,Starts strong right away with a very dry hickory sensation but quickly developed a dark chocolate after taste that lasts the entire stick. Not bad. Especially with a nice bourbon or rum.
Montecristo Monte,5 out of 5,Sweet smokes,Great cigar
Montecristo Monte,5 out of 5,Good cigar. Will order 60,Good cigar. Will order 60 ring size next time.
Montecristo Monte,5 out of 5,"Can't go wrong, rich!","Probably my favorite Montecristo. Just a lot of flavor, and has some kick. Great stick for the price. Just a rich stick, and a great go to. #CIMonteGiveaway"
Montecristo Monte,5 out of 5,excllent,this is a very good cigar - I am hard to please but this one is a winner
Montecristo Monte,5 out of 5,perfect cigars,perfect cigars
Montecristo Monte,5 out of 5,Monte by Montecristo,Real nice cigar
Montecristo Monte,5 out of 5,great cigars,I Love the torpedo cigar. Monte is my go to. The Monte #2 is one of my favorite cigars. I will be buying more very soon.
Montecristo Monte,5 out of 5,Well done MC,This MC is an excellent 2 hour smoke!!!
Montecristo Monte,5 out of 5,Excellent,"Never been much of a Montecristo fan but this is now my new ""favorite smoke"""
Montecristo Monte,4 out of 5,Nice,"Good smoke, great price"
Montecristo Monte,5 out of 5,Ordering on-line was very easily,Ordering on-line was very easily accomplished.
Montecristo Monte,5 out of 5,👍,👍
Montecristo Monte,3 out of 5,Beautiful Cigar,"This is a beautiful cigar with great flavor, but it’s rolled so tight that it has a very difficult draw."
Montecristo Monte,5 out of 5,Perfect cigar,Very good
Montecristo Monte,4 out of 5,Good smooth flavorful cigar.,Good smooth flavorful cigar.
Montecristo Monte,4 out of 5,Good smoke,"Prefer Monte Cristo White series, but this was a good alternative."
Montecristo Monte,5 out of 5,Monte,"Great cigar with two fingers of single malt, goes great with extra sharp white cheddar
On of my go to smokes"
Montecristo Monte,3 out of 5,Not bad,Not bad
Montecristo Monte,4 out of 5,Montecristo,I don't expect less than that from a montecristo brand. Excellent product
Montecristo Monte,4 out of 5,Half full glass on Montecristo Full Monte.,"The media and the monte tough draw and harsh =3 stars . The perlado and Montecristo are excellent nice,draw, good taste and even burn= 5 stars."
Montecristo Monte,5 out of 5,This one was good,This one was good
Montecristo Monte,3 out of 5,Smooth tasting,Smooth tasting
Montecristo Monte,3 out of 5,Enjoyed,"Quality ok.
Burns were even."
Montecristo Monte,3 out of 5,Not bad,Was under my expectation
Montecristo Monte,2 out of 5,Smoke,Too much spice for me and not a good draw
Montecristo Monte,5 out of 5,Full Monte,4 Great smokes anytime of the day. Very Good Sampler at good price !
Montecristo Monte,5 out of 5,"Great taste, lo, even burn","Great taste, lo, even burn"
Montecristo Monte,5 out of 5,"Smooth, tasty","Smooth, tasty"
Montecristo Monte,5 out of 5,Great sampler,"I have come to love montecristo cigars.this sampler is awesome, I bought 3 or 4 of them. When I get the room in my humidor, I hope to buy meet.
CI is great with sending orders quickly. I have ordered through them, exclusively, for the past 2 years (this is how long I have been smoking cigars)."
Montecristo Monte,5 out of 5,Good cigars. Need some time,Good cigars. Need some time to finish compared to the robusto.
Montecristo Monte,5 out of 5,Excellent Montel,Very enjoyable
Montecristo Monte,5 out of 5,wonderful tasting cigar,wonderful tasting cigar
Montecristo Monte,5 out of 5,I recommend.,I recommend.
Montecristo Monte,5 out of 5,Monte Manliness,I have puffed away many a Monte and enjoy this consistent high quality brand. This Monte has become my go to when other Montes are available. It seems more rich with a more complexity. None of the flavors smash your taste buds. A slightly sweet leather and subtle spice makes for a rich smoke. Construction and draw are flawless. Enjoy!
Montecristo Monte,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar,"Love, love, love the warm salty taste, smooth finish and the cocoa aroma. I will keep some of these in the box."
Montecristo Monte,5 out of 5,🤙🏼,🤙🏼
Montecristo Monte,5 out of 5,Can't go wrong. A must try.,"Rich, smooth, cigar. Tremendous flavor, and one of my favorite montecristos. Has some kick at the end, but not too bad. Great draw, perfect construction as usual. Earthy, rich, with light hints of chocolate."
Montecristo Monte,3 out of 5,Don’t burn even,Cigar burns uneven gets hot half way through
Montecristo Monte,5 out of 5,A staple in my humidor,"Consistently good, the Monte is always one of my go to cigars for flavor, smooth taste and a wonderful way to finish my day."
Montecristo Monte,5 out of 5,Monte,"my favorite cigar, period !"
Montecristo Monte,4 out of 5,Nice Stick,The 2nd 1/3 is fantastic....Wish it would have finished a bit better. All in all a nice stick.
Montecristo Monte,5 out of 5,Simply Divine,"I absolutely love this cigar, as it’s on my top 3 list. I always keep a box aging in my humidor."
Montecristo Monte,3 out of 5,Okay flavor with a tight,Okay flavor with a tight if a draw.
Montecristo Monte,5 out of 5,Worth the money,Well worth the money! I will be ordering them again.
Montecristo Monte,3 out of 5,Pricey but worth the gold.,I'm about ready to buy another box of Gordos. This is an excellent cigar that's right up there with Oliva Serie V in my opinion.
Montecristo Monte,3 out of 5,Always great flavor,"Draw was so hard ,we could not enjoy. Otherwise very tasty."
Montecristo Monte,5 out of 5,Fantastic cigar...me one of my,Fantastic cigar...me one of my favorites.
Montecristo Monte,3 out of 5,I'm disappointed in these,I'm no expert but I do smoke cigars regularly and I find these to be hard to light evenly and hard to draw. I also have to work to hard to keep them lit.
Montecristo Monte,4 out of 5,Great Start,"It is a very good cigar, The only reason it doesn't get a 5 star is that I have to leave them in my humidor for 3 weeks before they are in good condition to smoke."
Montecristo Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Good,"I like montecristo and nicaraguan cigars. This cigar was nice, good draw and flavor. I was a little disappointed though. Expected more from this cigar"
Montecristo Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Homerun!,Everything about this cigar is smooth! Elegant silky smooth wrapper. Nice even draw. Earthy Nicaraguan flavor with coffee and a touch of sweetness. Never harsh and good to the nub. Make sure you let these marinate for few months before you savor! Unbeatable for the money!
Montecristo Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Love this cigar,My go to cigar these days. Incredibly flavorful and smooth.
Montecristo Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great Cigar.,"Good flavor and draw, will buy again. #CIMonteGiveaway"
Montecristo Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great cigar!! i would probably,Great cigar!! i would probably rate it at at least 95.
Montecristo Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Toro,a little dry but very good.
Montecristo Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Monte,Nice clean smooth cigar
Montecristo Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Toro,Great cigars!
Montecristo Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Really good smoke. AJ did,Really good smoke. AJ did it again. Not as strong as some of his but good flavor profile. Will buy more.
Montecristo Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great Medium plus smoke. Even,Great Medium plus smoke. Even burn and easy draw.
Montecristo Nicaragua,5 out of 5,It’s Montecristo!,Is there such a thing as a bad Montecristo? These did not disappoint and CI makes them a bargain. Go for them!
Montecristo Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Great stick!,Solid smoke! Will definitely be in my regular rotation!
Montecristo Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Montecristo Nicaragua,"Very nice smoke . Smooth , great flavor , slow burning cigar."
Montecristo Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Excellent Smoke,As most Montecristo an incredibly good cigar.
Montecristo Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Wonderful experience!,Wrapper was smooth and silky. Flavor was full of peppery spice. This cigar was an exceptional experience to enjoy. I would give it a 95 rating. Try it and you will not be disappointed!
Montecristo Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Really really enjoy this stick,Really really enjoy this stick
Montecristo Nicaragua,5 out of 5,"Lots of flavor, very smooth,","Lots of flavor, very smooth, even burn."
Montecristo Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Montecristo Nicaragua,3 out of 5,Flaky,"This cigar has a beautifully smooth wrapper. Unfortunately, it flaked away in no time! (I didn't pre-moisturize the wrapper before smoking). I've put them in a humidor for a couple of months to see what happens. Otherwise, a light smoke and no complaints."
Montecristo Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Montecristo Nicaragua is wonderful,"This was one of the best sticks I have ever enjoyed. It was almost as good as a 64 Padron Anniversary.
Burned with a long ash, wonderful draw, exceptional taste and aroma.
I wish it were less expensive or that CInwould provide a deeper discount now and then.
You really need to try this superb cigar that lasted for 45 mins. providing lots of enjoyment."
Montecristo Nicaragua,5 out of 5,One of the best Montes,"In my opinion, this cigar ranks right up there with the Monte Cristo Media Noche 7x58 as one of the best cigars I have ever had the pleasure of smoking. I don't have the palette to be able to pick out all of the subtle notes of flavor, but I will say that this is a smooth easy smoke right down to the end."
Montecristo Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Monte Cristo,I love this cigar
Montecristo Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Pleasantly Surprised,This was quite a surpise cigar. I think this could be one if my favorite MonteCristo cigars. Will buy more next time I see them!
Montecristo Nicaragua,3 out of 5,Nice and smooth,Nice and smooth
Montecristo Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Montecristo Nicaragua Toro,Is a very good smoke. Medium strength with nice draw
Montecristo Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Quality cigar,"very good cigar ,well made and good tasting."
Montecristo Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Top-notch,Top-notch
Montecristo Nicaragua,4 out of 5,High quality!,A great draw tasty cigar. The cigars arrived well packaged and fresh.
Montecristo Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Definitely worth trying,"What a great cigar! Burn & draw were excellent, no touch ups needed. The taste was very smooth and earthy."
Montecristo Perlado,5 out of 5,My new #1.,"I don’t like a strong cigar, and this one is my new favorite. A nice long smoke, perfect for a summer night."
Montecristo Perlado,4 out of 5,Recent order,"I recently ordered a box of these. They are a great cigar. I did have an issue with two of them though. One burnt extremely hot and down the center, even after relighting. Another started to shed leaf as I was smoking. Overall a great smoke."
Montecristo Perlado,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar,Excellent Cigar
Montecristo Perlado,5 out of 5,The Best,"Really enjoyed the smooth, rich taste of both of these cigars."
Montecristo Perlado,5 out of 5,Smoothness,Great tasting and burning cigar
Montecristo Perlado,4 out of 5,Very nice,Very nice
Montecristo Perlado,5 out of 5,Great as always Monticristo is!,Just a great cigar and on sale makes it even better!
Montecristo Perlado,4 out of 5,Not bad for the price,"Nice cigar , good draw , good burn , not overpowering"
Montecristo Perlado,5 out of 5,Big flavor in a mellow stick,"I usually prefer a bolder smoke. I heard good things about these and don't recall ever having a Monte that I didn't like. These are really good. Really. Lots of flavor, great burn, beautiful creamy smoke."
Montecristo Perlado,5 out of 5,Nice slow burn,Nice slow burn
Montecristo Perlado,5 out of 5,Very nice cigar. Good new,Very nice cigar. Good new addition to my favorites
Montecristo Perlado,5 out of 5,A good smoke burns even,A good smoke burns even and little burn taste good!
Montecristo Perlado,5 out of 5,Montecristo delivers again,Another fabulous Monte. There's a lot of subtle richness and depth in this mellow flavor profile.
Montecristo Perlado,5 out of 5,Excellent,"For the price, this is one of the better cigars I've had. Burns well, and great flavors with each puff."
Montecristo Perlado,5 out of 5,Montecristo perlado,Great new smoke. Light and smooth with flavor
Montecristo Perlado,5 out of 5,Excellent Quality,This cigar tasted as good as any Premium Montecristo. Smooth all the way through and rich with complex flavors too complex for me to describe but easy to enjoy. A Homerun!
Montecristo Perlado,5 out of 5,Monte,"Excellent cigar, just what I would expect from Montecristo!"
Montecristo Perlado,4 out of 5,Great cigar,Have been a big fan of the white label and classic line for years and was impressed to find something as medium body and with as much flavor as this.
Montecristo Perlado,5 out of 5,Smooth,Loved it. Burned even and cool all the way down. Can't wait for the next one.
Montecristo Pilotico Pepe Mendez,5 out of 5,Great!,I've read some of the negative reviews and I have to disagree. I've had several of these and they have made it up to my favorites list. Each stick i've had has had a good draw and great flavor all the way to the nub. It's a spendy box but well worth the price in my opinion.
Montecristo Pilotico Pepe Mendez,5 out of 5,Love it,Full of flavor to the point of nirvana. Pairs great with a whiskey or scotch. Highly Recommend
Montecristo Pilotico Pepe Mendez,2 out of 5,"Good, but not great.","Decent cigar, But not a great value. The Montecristo name.
I would not recommend. Will give mine away as fishing cigars."
Montecristo Pilotico Pepe Mendez,5 out of 5,Im in for a box,"Great packaging, cigar is packed full, draw is tight not un-smokeable, rolled perfectly, a smooth creamy medium body smoke, as cuban tasting as dominican leaves can be, I enjoyed and purchased a box"
Montecristo Pilotico Pepe Mendez,1 out of 5,Horrible,"Horrible draw
Have not had one yet with a good draw"
Montecristo Platinum,5 out of 5,Great pick,"Easy taste and pleasant, will buy more of these certainly."
Montecristo Platinum,5 out of 5,Evening smoke,This. Cigar is a great smoke with your on the rocks drink.
Montecristo Platinum,5 out of 5,Montecristo Delights,Hands down my most favorite cigar.
Montecristo Platinum,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Montecristo Platinum,4 out of 5,Montecristo Platinum Toro,"Great smoke for the Summer with cold beer or whiskey. plenty of flavor, no bite and burns beautifully. underrated. Doc"
Montecristo Platinum,5 out of 5,Muy Sabroso,Excellent taste. Slow mellow burn. A great partner to spend a contemplative hour or Front 9 with.
Montecristo Platinum,5 out of 5,Very smooth,Very smooth
Montecristo Platinum,5 out of 5,Great flavor burns nice,Great flavor burns nice
Montecristo Platinum,4 out of 5,Great smooth taste,Great smooth taste
Montecristo Platinum,4 out of 5,Good Smoke.,Good smoke. Above average taste. Great burn.
Montecristo Platinum,4 out of 5,Monte Platinum,"Smooth smoking , enjoyable cigar at a reasonable price."
Montecristo Platinum,5 out of 5,Excellent,Smooth and flavorful
Montecristo Platinum,4 out of 5,Very Good Cigar,"I would still rate the ""White"" series higher."
Montecristo Platinum,5 out of 5,Nice and fresh,Nice and fresh
Montecristo Platinum,5 out of 5,A 5 in every category,A 5 in every category
Montecristo Platinum,5 out of 5,Very nice!,Very nice!
Montecristo Platinum,5 out of 5,LOVE THEM,LOVE THEM
Montecristo Platinum,3 out of 5,NOT ROLLED VERY TIGHT.,NOT ROLLED VERY TIGHT.
Montecristo Platinum,5 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth
Montecristo Platinum,5 out of 5,Fantastic!,"This is my new favorite- smooth, mellow, utterly enjoyable."
Montecristo Platinum,4 out of 5,"Tough draw, at least in the Toro","Could not draw smoke with this thing. Felt like my lungs would give out before I got smoke. Easy enough to puff out but no smoke until 1 1/2 - 2 inches was gone. Then it opened up 'some', at least enough to concentrate on the good things like taste and smell. I can see why the brand and this line are popular."
Montecristo Platinum,5 out of 5,Enjoyed them all,All very good smokes...
Montecristo Platinum,5 out of 5,Nice cigar,Nice cigar
Montecristo Platinum,4 out of 5,JD,Very smooth smoke
Montecristo Platinum,5 out of 5,Very smooth draw excellent flavor,Very smooth draw excellent flavor profile
Montecristo Platinum,4 out of 5,Good burn-tough draw,Lot to love about this stick but the draw was a fight all the way. Gave my mouth a workout.
Montecristo Platinum,5 out of 5,Very good cigar,Very good cigar
Montecristo Platinum,5 out of 5,Great smoke for the money.,Great smoke for the money.
Montecristo Platinum,5 out of 5,"Nice cigar, smooth","Nice cigar, smooth"
Montecristo Platinum,5 out of 5,Really enjoyed the montecristos,Really enjoyed the montecristos
Montecristo Platinum,4 out of 5,Good smoke start to finish,Good smoke start to finish
Montecristo Platinum,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Montecristo Platinum,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Montecristo Platinum,5 out of 5,Great cigars.....great deal *****,Great cigars.....great deal *****
Montecristo Platinum,4 out of 5,Good cigar,This would be an awesome cigar if it was of fresher quality.
Montecristo Platinum,5 out of 5,easy to m smoke for,easy to m smoke for anytime and very smooth
Montecristo Platinum,4 out of 5,It was a nice smoke,It was a nice smoke
Montecristo Platinum,5 out of 5,Excellent,One of the smoothest cigars.
Montecristo Platinum,5 out of 5,Excellent,Another great cigar my favorite brand
Montecristo Platinum,4 out of 5,Now on my list of favorites,Very good flavor and good burn and ash all the way thru.
Montecristo Platinum,5 out of 5,They are great,They are great
Montecristo Platinum,5 out of 5,Great cigars with a very,"Great cigars with a very good price,Montecristo has always been a favorite and this special was offered I had to purchase them"
Montecristo Platinum,5 out of 5,Nice everyday smoke,Great taste. Pleasant aroma. Even burn
Montecristo Platinum,4 out of 5,Solid cigar,"Not always my first choice, but it is hard to say anything bad about this cigar,"
Montecristo Platinum,5 out of 5,Nice,Nothing bad to say but a good smoke
Montecristo Platinum,5 out of 5,Very good smoke,Very good smoke
Montecristo Platinum,4 out of 5,"Great cigar, not as good as La Palina.","Very good, full flavor and smooth. It has a thick, hearty wrapper. A nice dense fill. Firm draw. My only issue Isa slightly uneven burn, not terrible, but too bad none the less."
Montecristo Platinum,5 out of 5,Great smoke.,Great smoke.
Montecristo Platinum,5 out of 5,Great Cigar!,"Great Cigar! Tasty, flavor, ash and smoke production. Burns nice."
Montecristo Platinum,5 out of 5,Excellent Smoke!!!!,Excellent Smoke!!!!
Montecristo White Label,5 out of 5,THE BEST,THE BEST
Montecristo White Label,5 out of 5,Great pack,Great pack
Montecristo White Label,5 out of 5,Pleasant taste,Pleasant taste
Montecristo White Label,5 out of 5,I love all the products,I love all the products you sent me
Montecristo White Label,4 out of 5,Did they stop making Macanudo,Did they stop making Macanudo crystal cafe in the glass tube?
Montecristo White Label,5 out of 5,Excellent package,Excellent package
Montecristo White Label,5 out of 5,Very good,Very good
Montecristo White Label,4 out of 5,Great value,Great value
Montecristo White Label,5 out of 5,A must have cigar,Incredibly great smooth cigar. Anytime I can find a good deal on these I always purchase. These cigars are as good as it gets in my opinion.
Montecristo White Label,5 out of 5,Very smooth and fresh,Very smooth and fresh
Montecristo White Label,5 out of 5,A Bit Overrated,Not worth the price
Montecristo White Label,5 out of 5,Monte Roth White Label,"Love these, perfect length (timewise) to smoke with a good drink."
Montecristo White Label,5 out of 5,Also the delivery time was,"Also the delivery time was excellent.
Thank you for your service"
Montecristo White Label,5 out of 5,Nice and smooth,Nice and smooth
Montecristo White Label,4 out of 5,Great smoke!!!,Great smoke!!!
Montecristo White Label,5 out of 5,All excellent,All excellent
Montecristo White Label,5 out of 5,Great Job!,Excellent service and excellent cigars.
Montecristo White Label,5 out of 5,Smooth and Mild,"Bought a five pack, and each cigar was enclosed in its own protective Montecristo labeled case. The quality you expect from this name! Lit well and burn consistently. Smooth and mild flavor that doesn't overpower, especially if you're enjoying one with a drink. Hints of sweet, cream, and leather. Highly recommended to balance out a collection, or to enjoy outside on a nice day."
Montecristo White Label,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Montecristo White Label,4 out of 5,I am enjoying them.,I am enjoying them.
Montecristo White Label,5 out of 5,Great smoke for the price,Great smoke for the price
Montecristo White Label,5 out of 5,great smoke.,great smoke.
Montecristo White Label,5 out of 5,"taste great, I like how","taste great, I like how fast the order was processed and shipped to me also.
thanks,"
Montecristo White Label,3 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Montecristo White Label,5 out of 5,nice smoke same every time,nice smoke same every time
Montecristo White Label,5 out of 5,White label always a good,White label always a good draw and perfect burn while partagus hit or miss
Montecristo White Label,5 out of 5,All have great taste and,All have great taste and smell. Nice smokes.
Montecristo White Label,4 out of 5,"In general, these were good","In general, these were good cigar, considering the price, they are good deal."
Montecristo White Label,4 out of 5,Good stuff!,"I knew the Montecristo White Label was going to be good, had them before. A great before breakfast treat. You can't go wrong with Montecristo, especially when CI is giving a real break on the price!"
Montecristo White Label,5 out of 5,Very good taste and flavor.,Very good taste and flavor.
Montecristo White Label,5 out of 5,What can you say.,Montecristos at 5$ a stick. Can't lose deal there.
Montecristo White Label,5 out of 5,It was good taste good,It was good taste good
Montecristo White Label,5 out of 5,My husband enjoys all the,My husband enjoys all the sticks he received he says not a bad one in the bunch.
Montecristo White Label,5 out of 5,Great cigar burns evenly all,"Great cigar burns evenly all throughout the smoke!!!
One of my favorites!"
Montecristo White Label,5 out of 5,Excellent products as usual from,Excellent products as usual from CI
Montecristo White Label,5 out of 5,Very nice mild cigar,"Can't go wrong, always a good choice"
Montecristo White Label,5 out of 5,Good Smoke,Nothing bad to say but a good smoke
Montecristo White Label,4 out of 5,Good,A little more spicy than I expected
Montecristo White Label,5 out of 5,Great smoke!!,What a great smoke. It's very smooth and burns well. Will buy again.
Montecristo White Label,4 out of 5,"Good cigar, but...","Good cigar, but plenty strong."
Montecristo White Label,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,wasn't a Montecristo fan but this one is really good.
Montecristo White Label,4 out of 5,NIce Smooth Smoke,NIce Smooth Smoke
Montecristo White Label,5 out of 5,Good product,Good product
Montecristo White Label,5 out of 5,A real decent lite smoke,"To be honest, I tried these because they were on sale and I found them to be a real decent light smoke."
Montecristo White Label,5 out of 5,Execellent buy for a great,Execellent buy for a great cigar
Montecristo White Label,5 out of 5,Good taste,Good taste
Montecristo White Label,4 out of 5,It's a good small smoke...,It's a good small smoke...
Montecristo White Label,5 out of 5,Great Cigars,Great Cigars
Montecristo White Label,5 out of 5,Highly recommended,"Excelente cigars. Super mellow. I am a social smoker and this is the perfect cigar, it has the right size and the perfect flavor."
Montecristo White Label,5 out of 5,"Great smoke great company,","Great smoke great company,"
Montecristo White Vintage,5 out of 5,Good smoke!,Very good smoke.
Montecristo White Vintage,5 out of 5,Monte Whites,What an outstanding smooth smoke. I will be getting more
Montecristo White Vintage,5 out of 5,Great,These would be my everyday cigars if not for the price. I buy them everytime they are on sale
Montecristo White Vintage,4 out of 5,Not to shabby!,"A great little smoke! Pairs nicely with bourbon! I thought the draw was a bit firmer than I like, otherwise great smoke."
Montecristo White Vintage,4 out of 5,Great all around beginners or seasoned smokers cigar!,Medium boldness. All around great smoke. Very reliable draw. I’ve had others not draw good enough to smoke. Never happened with these.
Montecristo White Vintage,5 out of 5,Very nice!,Very nice!
Montecristo White Vintage,4 out of 5,Great smoke,"A little spicier than the regular white label, but great just the same"
Montecristo White Vintage,2 out of 5,Monte White,"When it burns, it is a great cigar. Don’t know if they were too fresh and needed to age more, but most of the ones I purchased did not stay lit."
Montecristo White Vintage,5 out of 5,Connecticut at its best,"I'm a big fan of mild, real CT shade wrapper cigars. These fit the bill perfectly."
Montecristo White Vintage,4 out of 5,Tight Draw,"So far, 2 have both had tight draws. Hard to enjoy and savor a White Label when that is a problem. Hope the rest aren’t like that. If a third one is tight, then make it 3 stars!!"
Montecristo White Vintage,5 out of 5,nice mellow everyday cigar especially,nice mellow everyday cigar especially for the round of golf
Montecristo White Vintage,4 out of 5,Good but extremely dry,"We received the cigars and we were excited because my husband loves Montecristos. We let them sit in the humidor for about a week and when we lit once, it burned so fast and read extremely dry that the wrapper was cracking and burning off making the burn very uneven. We'll let them age for a month and hopefully they will liven up a little."
Montecristo White Vintage,5 out of 5,Love them,Love them
Montecristo White Vintage,4 out of 5,Wonderful cigar. Priced so I,Wonderful cigar. Priced so I could afford them. Will buy again.
Montecristo White Vintage,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Love when this cigar is up on the deal of the day. Took a chance on it once and glad I did.
Montecristo White Vintage,5 out of 5,REALLY Long Ash,"Great cigar. Creamy, smooth smoke. Great smoke out put and razor sharp burn. Long long ash before it finally fell off."
Montecristo White Vintage,1 out of 5,shamefull,"i thought these were going to be like the white series but it appears to be wrapped with large pieces of stems, stiff draw, wont stay lit and a very hard ash. i have smoked the original white series for a long time and like them, however this vintage series seems to be a poor excuse to use up left over pieces from the originals....i am really sorry i fell for this batch of cigars"
Montecristo White Vintage,4 out of 5,It's a great cigar that,It's a great cigar that burns beautifully for the first 1/2. After that it is hard to keep lit and by the last 1/4 almost impossible to keep lit
Montecristo White Vintage,5 out of 5,Montecristo White Vintage No. 3,Very good.
Montecristo White Vintage,5 out of 5,Good,Good
Montecristo White Vintage,2 out of 5,A terrible cigar; doesn't burn,A terrible cigar; doesn't burn evenly and expensive--not worth the price!
Montecristo White Vintage,5 out of 5,Montecristo Vintge,"Enjoyable cigar. Easy draw, mellow flavor."
Montecristo White Vintage,4 out of 5,Very Good,"If you're into the new ""not your father's Connecticut"" cigar, this more than fits the bill. Ton of flavor. Got a 5er on the cheap (er), but worth full price, IMO. For me, solid medium. Definitely worth a shot. Will I smoke it again? Absolutely. Enjoy!"
Montecristo White Vintage,5 out of 5,Best Cigar I've Ever Had,"Favorite Cigar. Montecristo is my favorite brand, and the Cuban Montecristo No. 2 is my favorite cigar I've ever had. My favorite accessible (I live in the U.S.) is the Montecristo White Series cigar. I was skeptical about this Vintage Connecticut because I figured it was just going to be the same as the White Series, but was I WRONG. The difference between the Vintage C. and the White Series is night and day. It's like buying store brand vs. name brand. This cigar tasted unbelievably similar to the Cuban Montecristo I adore so much. It is rich, in a light-connecticut way and the flavors never change too drastically. Mine was a perfect draw, no lighting problems, and had the utmost flavor until the last inch. I didn't want to put it down. Hopefully I can get my hands on several more of these seeing as they are a limited item. A+++++ cigar"
Montecristo White Vintage,5 out of 5,"Mild, but Wow!","This review is for the Montecristo White Vintage Connecticut Corona (5.5""x44). This is a well-constructed small-ish cigar with ""a US grown Connecticut shade wrapper from 2008, a Nicaraguan binder and Dominican, Nicaraguan, and Peruvian long-fillers"" [CI description]. CI categorizes this cigar as mild-medium, but I would call it extremely mild. Although mild, It was very flavorful with unique, woody taste characteristics and produced lots of creamy smoke. This one makes my short list of all-time favorites. If you are a mild-cigars fan, I think it will make your list too."
Montecristo White Vintage,1 out of 5,Disappointing!!!,"Very disappointed!, I kept them in a herf-dor for two weeks after they arrived at 69% humidity / 67 deg. They have a loose draw, won't stay lit, and extremely mild. i bought them on cigar bid so at least I didn't pay full price for them."
Montecristo White Vintage,5 out of 5,Excellent Taste,"A great taste, smooth draw."
Montesino,5 out of 5,Montisino,Outstanding Smoke
Montesino,5 out of 5,What a smoke,Best Cigar for the price
Montesino,4 out of 5,last box of Montesino Diplomatico,"The last box of the above seem stronger that previous boxes ? and I've smoked quite a few. Not as pleasant. Too much of a ""buzz"""
Montesino,4 out of 5,One of my favorite smokes. A gem that most do not know about.,"I truly enjoy these sticks. Had one many years and have always tried to keep a few around in my humidors. Purchased a box on CI several months ago and was excited for their arrival. Needless to say, they smoked fantastic. However, there was one issue, about 6 or 7 of the sticks were damaged. I do not believe this was a direct issue with CI, as the box seemed to be in great shape, both the cigar box and shipping box. So this must have just been a poor quality check (which is hard to imagine as these come from the Fuente family) - With that said, I will still buy them when I need more, but I have to admit, I was a bit disappointed with the last purchase."
Montesino,5 out of 5,Not Mild!,"Not sure why these are listed as mild?
They are medium to full in my Book. I admit that the blend I have in Humidors is 10 years old. But, no way can't be mild.
One thing they are is ""Excellent!"". Thank you."
Montesino,5 out of 5,great cigar,if you like mild cigars you'll love these
Montesino,5 out of 5,A LITTLE GEM,Great smoke! YOU CANT GO WRONG WITH ANYTHING MADE BY FUENTE.
Montesino,5 out of 5,Montesino,Montesinos are great cigars .Even burning good draw and very tasty.If u enjoy mild smokes and haven't tried montesino your missing out
Montesino,5 out of 5,Montesino lover,Montesino is my favorite cigar.CI gets them to me quickly and in great condition.Getting ready to order some robustos . Joe R. Fresno Ca
Montesino,4 out of 5,Montesino maduro,Great mild cigar .Quick delivery will be ordering the robusto next.
Montesino,5 out of 5,Montesino Diplomatico customer review,Great cigar and enjoyed my selection
Montesino,5 out of 5,Very nice cigar,I used to smoke these all the time and when I saw them on CI I thought I'd try them again. For a smaller cigar these pack a bunch of flavor. Well made and an even smoke. Really a solid choice for anyone that wants an inexpensive cigar that doesn't taste cheap.
Murcielago,5 out of 5,Nice cigar,"Smooth cigar. Finished well at a Good price.
JDP, Union, NJ"
Murcielago,4 out of 5,Nice 4 price,Nice full body flavor. Smokes and burn well.
Murcielago,5 out of 5,REAL SMOOTH,Real smooth with a mild taste
Murcielago,5 out of 5,Bargain,Very nice smoke
My Father,4 out of 5,Sticky situation,"Absolutely one of my favorite cigars. Well constructed with a good draw and plenty of smoke output. Love the delicious flavors of these slow burning gems. I have tried #1, 2, 3, and 4 and like them all. the #2 belicoso is my favorite. It just tastes a bit better than the others to me. The only reason I'm rating it at 4 stars instead of 5 is the band. Far too many times when I remove it, no matter how cautious I am, it takes a chunk of the wrapper with it. Just a matter of using too much glue."
My Father,5 out of 5,They are one of my,They are one of my favorite
My Father,5 out of 5,It's a Pepin,It's a Pepin
My Father,5 out of 5,These are as consistent as,These are as consistent as I’ve had
My Father,5 out of 5,Excellent cigars,Very good quality!
My Father,5 out of 5,Still Great!,Every order. Every time. Great!
My Father,3 out of 5,My Father Lancero - It can't wait to grow up to be like its bigger brothers!,"Had good experiences with Lanceros in Oliva V and Tatuaje Havana, so decided to try the MF Lancero since I was already a big fan of the Belicoso and Crema. I found the Lancero a little less flavorful compared to its bigger brothers, but still a good smoke. Many have rated it a full strength like the larger MF's, but I would rate it more of a medium in this size. Will certainly buy again, but for now, I'll stick with Oliva and Tatuaje."
My Father,4 out of 5,Jeff B,"Good Smoke, well crafted and rich in flavor."
My Father,5 out of 5,I purchased it as a gift.,The My Father Line is a little out of my price range for a box purchase. I have smoked the non-box press and liked them enough to purchase for a friend.
My Father,4 out of 5,My Father #4,"Very nice. Smooth, but very ""full"". Tasty smoke - had me looking at other sizes and box pricing...definitely will always be in the rotation..."
My Father,5 out of 5,One of my favorites!,"Nice creamy cigar, full bodied, mild strength."
My Father,5 out of 5,My Father Cedro Deluxe Eminente,"Nice even burning smoke. Not too strong, but has plenty of flavor."
My Father,5 out of 5,Smoking Joe's review,Great smoke. Very tasty. Well worth the price.
My Father,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Great Cigar
My Father,3 out of 5,My Father,"Wouldn't purchase again.
Not as good as a larger ring My Father."
My Father,5 out of 5,Worth every penny!!!!!,"When I started smoking MF, I liked the medium cigars. After a while I found myself wanting a stronger spice (pepper) taste. Immediately started liking the MF (Le Bijou) and the MF full body. Great cigars that stays in my humidor. Very nice!!!!!! J Middleton"
My Father,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Great Cigar
My Father,5 out of 5,My father,Best cigar I ever smoked
My Father,5 out of 5,Experience the Lancero,"As always, Cigars International sent my order with gret timing. The cigars were fresh and well wirth the price. Don't settle for a po' boy sampler when you can treatyourself to older style and taste. Lance your cravings with a lancero. You won't be disappointed"
My Father,5 out of 5,My father,Great service and excellent cigar
My Father,5 out of 5,Extremely nice cigar,Extremely nice cigar
My Father,5 out of 5,Great cigars and fresh as all!!,I love ordering from ci nothing like this outfit in this world!!
My Father,5 out of 5,My Father Cedro Deluxe Eminente,Lovely smoke!
My Father,5 out of 5,Very Very Good Cigar,"Extremely well done with impeccable construction. The Cigar seems to produce more smoke than any high-end cigar in my past two years of surfing 90+ cigars. Very flavorable and unique flavor of note, from about the half inch ash level down to an inch left. Very high quality cigar, surely a 90 - plus cigar. Would recommend and I will purchase more. As with most cugars, i would recommend two weeks or more in a humidor at perhaps 68-72% humidity. This cigar is an exceptional piece of work!"
My Father,5 out of 5,SoCal Michael,"My Father is one of the best smokes year after year. If you haven't tried one, you're missing out...."
My Father,5 out of 5,My Father Didn't Smoke Cigars,"But if he did, it would have been these :)"
My Father Connecticut,4 out of 5,Great inexpensive smoke,Great inexpensive smoke
My Father Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
My Father Connecticut,5 out of 5,My Favorite Connecticut,Hands down my favorite Connecticut cigar that I’ve tried. Full of flavor and very mellow. I usually buy sticks from a local cigar bar but this is definitely work a box.
My Father Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Nice and mellow
My Father Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great Surprise!!!,This is another great smoke from Pepin! Medium in strength by full of flavor. Reminds me a lot of the old Cuban cigars great flavor from beginning to end. I’ve been smoking cigars for over 40 years and I would rate this one with some of the best.
My Father Connecticut,5 out of 5,A Number of Unsmokable cigars,"My last box My Father's Cigar contained 6 unsmokable cigars. Not the first time it has happened. I will probably try one more box and if the same thing happens that will be it for me and My Fathers cigars. When they are smokable, I like them. I often smoke Perdomos barrel aged and they are always real good."
My Father Connecticut,5 out of 5,Efficient,The site is easy to navigate and the communication of the shipments are efficient
My Father Connecticut,5 out of 5,Wonderful cigar!,"I tried on of My Father Connecticut from a local dealer and loved it immediately.
So I bought a box and enjoyed them completely and bought a second box.
I've never done that before. That's how much I love these cigars. It is a mild-medium strength with a delicious beend of tobaccos and wonderful Connecticut wrapper. Try one. Its one of my three best cigars in my humidor."
My Father Connecticut,5 out of 5,MY Father My Favorite,Great service and great cigar
My Father Connecticut,1 out of 5,Rings stick to the wrapper,Love the taste but unfortunately every ring is adhered to the wrapper and tears the wrapper when removed. Very disappointed.
My Father Connecticut,5 out of 5,My Father,I ordered a 5 pack to start. Great cigar and I'm ordering a box. I highly recommend
My Father Connecticut,5 out of 5,Cigars,These cigars were outstanding. The service was tremendous.
My Father Connecticut,4 out of 5,Great go to cigar,"Great stick at any time. May it be at the golf course or sitting outside with friends having a drink. Good draw, great ash, and smooth from start to finish"
My Father Connecticut,5 out of 5,My Father Connecticut Toro,Great cigar any time of the day!
My Father Connecticut,5 out of 5,Excellent,"I purchased these as an anniversary gift for my husband! I am certainly no expert in the cigar field, but I do know that he couldn't say enough how amazing these cigars were. I only wish I had purchased more for him! I had been searching around on the Internet for some time looking for the perfect cigars for him; affordable cigars! He ""hinted"" to me about this website, and certainly no one beats these prices! The gift made my husband very happy!! So, thank you :-)"
My Father Connecticut,5 out of 5,Top 5,This stick is one of my favorites my Top 5 even.
My Father Connecticut,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,Love this cigar. Bought 1 at a local shop to try then bought a 5 pack at CI and since then have bought 2 boxes. Need I say more.
My Father Connecticut,4 out of 5,Nice smoke,The cigar is a nice change of pace from the medium cigars that I usually smoke. Great flavor and not too mild.
My Father Connecticut,5 out of 5,Five stars,Five stars
My Father Connecticut,5 out of 5,I didn’t care for them.,I didn’t care for them. I like my Ashtons.
My Father Connecticut,5 out of 5,Don Pepin has done it again!,Another delicious cigar by Don Pepin . . . this one is a grand slam!
My Father Connecticut,3 out of 5,Just ok,Just ok
My Father Connecticut,2 out of 5,"Huge MF fan, just not the Connecticut","I'm a huge fan of MF & routinely enjoy their MF, Antiguedad & Flor de Antillas, but was disappointed with the Connecticut. I just finished my 5th robusto & all were harsh, not one was mild-medium as described, & I didn't enjoy the flavor. I'll stick with one of their others."
My Father Connecticut,5 out of 5,MF Connecticut,Great Smoke at a reasonable price!
My Father Connecticut,5 out of 5,The price is right,I bought these for a special friend and he loved them very much
My Father Connecticut,3 out of 5,"Waialua, HI","First third was A+, but the finish was a bit harsh. I would prefer New World over this stick."
My Father Connecticut,4 out of 5,Very fine cigar,Great price for a terrific well made cigar
My Father Connecticut,4 out of 5,My father order,I like the cigars but found this order to be somewhat dry.even gave into humidor. A week later they were cracking as smoked
My Father Connecticut,5 out of 5,This may be the one!,"This is a very nice medium cigar... don't let the Connecticut wrapper deceive you. first off, its a thing of beauty... the wrapper is even, and I notice no soft spots in the tobacco beneath it. In fact, the construction is excellent from cap to foot. The banding is especially nice. Now for the smoke... it has a nice draw and produces a nice amount of smoke. I get a medium body with hint of pepper, earth, and leather on the finish. Unlike some other Connecticut's out there, I find this cigar to be complex and full of flavor. I got a consistent burn all the way through and I found it pleasurable down to the nub although the flavor flattened out at the very end. A new favorite to be sure. Try them out!"
My Father Connecticut,4 out of 5,MF Connecticutt,"My first mild cigar of the Garcia line. Very nice wrapper, good taste. For me, the first third was good. But it fizzled after that. Smoke was white and plentiful. To be fair, I'm a med to full guy. So I don't usually partake of milds. But it was recommended to me. Always try something new!"
My Father Connecticut,5 out of 5,Pure and simple... WOW and who hit John?,"Pure and simple... WOW! The balanced complexity contained throughout this abundantly tasty cigar is decadently top drawer. The flavor, the burn, the balance, and the reasonable cost makes this cigar a ""TOP 10"" contender within the confines of my descriminant humidor! Much love cigar collagues! T:-)"
My Father Connecticut,5 out of 5,My Father CT...,"What a great smoke! As with all the My Father line...just another one to be enjoyed out on the patio with a glass of cognac and a good friend! They never disappoint and with the number one for 2015 in their line, they always provide a classy smoke! Thoroughly enjoyable from start to finish!"
My Father Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great cigars,"My cigars arrived on time , fresh and undamaged. I will be ordering again soon!"
My Father Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great smoking cigar.,Not too heavy and a real gem of a cigar. Nice to smoke.
My Father Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great cigars,smooth great price great cigar
My Father Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,"I have always liked My Father ever since I received my first one in a sampler pack.
Now the My Father Connecticut Robusto.
Is a smooth delightful cigar, & yet it still gives you full flavor.
Something that I was not expecting. I can see why this cigar is rated at 90+
I enjoy handing these out to my friends, & they all say the same thing. Smooth, & Full of Flavor.
Will I buy these sticks again ?
You can count on it !"
My Father Connecticut,5 out of 5,Wonderful Mild to Medium Smoke,"This is one of the better cigars I've smoked. It's a mild to medium bodied cigar and smokes evenly. I taste hints of leather, which I absolutely love, and it stays mild-medium right down to the nub. Highly recommend."
My Father Connecticut,4 out of 5,My Father Connecticut,I'm both a connecticut fan and a Don Pepin Garcia fan. Best of both worlds! Very good cigar.
My Father Flor de Las Antillas,4 out of 5,Uneven burn,The taste is about average and it burns cool. No harshness. In my mind a good smoke for beginner's. What I dislike the most is the uneven burn. No matter what I do I get a canoe every time on every cigar.
My Father Flor de Las Antillas,4 out of 5,Cav scout,"Pretty good smoke. I gave it 4 stars because the shape, the pull, the wrap, were on point. Taste was ok but a little dry. Over all though I find my fathers to be a great cigar."
My Father Flor de Las Antillas,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,This is one of my favorite cigars. It's a smooth smoke and burns nice. It also has a nice wrapper. Overall this is a great cigar.
My Father Flor de Las Antillas,3 out of 5,Disappointing,Does burn well.
My Father Flor de Las Antillas,5 out of 5,My Father,"Great smoke...awesome flavor, even burn, enticing aroma."
My Father Flor de Las Antillas,5 out of 5,My Father Flor de Las Antilles...GREAT,I love these cigars they’re always consistent and excellent!!!
My Father Flor de Las Antillas,5 out of 5,My Father,"I absolutely love these cigars. Med to Full flavor, good burn and great taste. You really can't go wrong with the Flor de Las Mantillas sticks!!"
My Father Flor de Las Antillas,4 out of 5,Great,This is my goto smooth from beginning to end
My Father Flor de Las Antillas,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,This cigar is one of my favorites! Great balanced flavor that rivals much more expensive cigars.
My Father Flor de Las Antillas,3 out of 5,Somewhat dissatisfied,"I love My Father cigars. Especially, the Flor de Las Antillas, but three of the five that I smoked from this batch unraveled at the tip. It is possible that I cut slightly too high at the torpedo tip, but I generally know what I am doing with cigars and don’t think that was the case here. It seemed like a poor roll. No worries though, all of the other cigars that I ordered were great."
My Father Flor de Las Antillas,5 out of 5,Great smoke,💯💯
My Father Flor de Las Antillas,5 out of 5,Great Cigar!!!,"This is my go to Cigar, very smooth great taste. Will be buying more."
My Father Flor de Las Antillas,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent cigar!
My Father Flor de Las Antillas,5 out of 5,incredible flavor and smooth draw,incredible flavor and smooth draw
My Father Flor de Las Antillas,5 out of 5,Satisfied,one of my favorites
My Father Flor de Las Antillas,5 out of 5,Thank you,He loved them!!!!
My Father Flor de Las Antillas,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,"My ""go to' cigar, this cigar is an enjoyable experience!"
My Father Flor de Las Antillas,4 out of 5,I judge a cigar on,"I judge a cigar on if it is mild enough to smoke anytime of day and if it has an easy draw/stays lit...
All of these meet that test...."
My Father Flor de Las Antillas,5 out of 5,Cuban Cigars who?,My first dive into Nicaragua cigars. WOW!
My Father Flor de Las Antillas,5 out of 5,What a great cigar!,"Everything about this cigar was excellent. Even burn, good draw, bursting with flavor. Earthy, nutty, with a bit of leather and dark chocolate. Definitely medium-bodied. I am partial to Nicaraguan tobacco and box-pressed cigars - this one had both and did not disappoint. In my own rating it got 5 stars (out of 5)."
My Father Flor de Las Antillas,3 out of 5,Great Beginner Cigar,"Great beginner cigar, however was a little too mild but still a good cigar."
My Father Flor de Las Antillas,4 out of 5,Smooth,Good even smoke with no bitterness even near the end
My Father Flor de Las Antillas,5 out of 5,"A Solid, Enjoyable Smoke","The""Flor"" is a wonderful smoke. It is smooth, well made and has flavors that keep your palate satisfied. To me, this cigar is a great reason why we smoke cigars....to sit back and enjoy them!"
My Father Flor de Las Antillas,4 out of 5,LESS is MORE!!!,The 6x60 Toro Grande Box pressed I'm smoking now is NICE but in 6x50 it's a 5!!!!
My Father Flor de Las Antillas,5 out of 5,Another fantasatic cigar from my fathers,"Another fantastic cigar from MY Fathers - If you have never tried a my fathers, this is a great one to start with. Amazing construction, draw and flavor. This is one I buy monthly"
My Father Flor de Las Antillas,4 out of 5,Good tasting cigar and burns,Good tasting cigar and burns even.
My Father Flor de Las Antillas,5 out of 5,Flor de Las Antillas,"This is my favorite cigar, always consistent."
My Father Flor de Las Antillas,5 out of 5,A+ smoke,Great stick
My Father Flor de Las Antillas,5 out of 5,Smooth,Great flavored cigar. Smokes even. Great ash. Very enjoyable with a single malt.
My Father Flor de Las Antillas,5 out of 5,perfect,perfect cigar. very rich taste
My Father Flor de Las Antillas,4 out of 5,A good smooth tasting cigar.,A good smooth tasting cigar. One of my favorite!
My Father Flor de Las Antillas,5 out of 5,My Father... great smoke you can count on,Anything from my father is good... these are exceptional
My Father Flor de Las Antillas,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,These are some of my favorites.
My Father Flor de Las Antillas,5 out of 5,Quality Smoke,This is a really nice cigar. Highly recommend!
My Father Flor de Las Antillas,5 out of 5,Favorite,"These cigars are for my husband. These are his favorite. Every time he smokes one he always says ""now that's a good cigar """
My Father Flor de Las Antillas,5 out of 5,Great stick but alittle pricey,Great stick but alittle pricey !!!
My Father Flor de Las Antillas,4 out of 5,Nice,"Only have had 2, but they were good as advertised."
My Father Flor de Las Antillas,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,Great cigar!
My Father Flor de Las Antillas,5 out of 5,My Father Flor de Las Antillas Toro Gordo,Top Notch Cigar. Great taste... Great aroma... never burns hot!
My Father Flor de Las Antillas,5 out of 5,Memorable,"One of the finest Cigars I have ever had. Smoked it at my 60th Bday and it was delightful. Smooth, delicious character, sweet coffee hints right away, followed by chocolate and oak. Finishes in a combination of all of them with a earthy blast. Perfect burn, draw and construction."
My Father Flor de Las Antillas,5 out of 5,excellent cigar as with all,excellent cigar as with all the My Father Brand cigars.
My Father Flor de Las Antillas,4 out of 5,Decent cigar,Good cigar. Great even burn and draw. Mild to medium. About an hour and 30 min smoke. Earthy notes. Will purchase again.
My Father Flor de Las Antillas,5 out of 5,Smooth as Silk!,"Well my regular cigar is ""My Father's Cigar"" they are smooth and delicious!"
My Father Flor de Las Antillas,3 out of 5,mild and uneventful,mild and uneventful
My Father Flor de Las Antillas,5 out of 5,"My Father Antilles, Toro Gordo","Great cigar, smooth and mellow. A bit pricey, but worth it."
My Father Flor de Las Antillas,5 out of 5,Perfect,Perfect
My Father Flor de Las Antillas,5 out of 5,Very consistent,"Love these cigars, not expensive and taste like they are. My fathers are always a good smoke."
My Father Flor de Las Antillas,5 out of 5,Great every day smoke,Lots of flavor. A good amount of smoke. Burns evenly. Relaxing
My Father Flor de Las Antillas,5 out of 5,Perfection !,"One of the best cigars I have ever smoked,if not the best.Top quality tobaccos expertly rolled and presented.I've been trying objectively to come up with some sort of criticsm but can't.Thanks to Joe for the pricing !"
My Father Flor de Las Antillas,5 out of 5,A winner,Excellent cigar! They make my day!
My Father La Antiguedad,5 out of 5,Great cigar deal,Great cigar deal
My Father La Antiguedad,5 out of 5,Awesome deal great cigars,Awesome deal great cigars
My Father La Antiguedad,5 out of 5,Don Pepin Garcia,"Great cigars, great price"
My Father La Antiguedad,4 out of 5,Good smoke never had a,Good smoke never had a bad My Father
My Father La Antiguedad,5 out of 5,Great!,Great!
My Father La Antiguedad,5 out of 5,I just ordered these. But,I just ordered these. But all the others I’ve ordered I am very pleased! I must say you’re offers are a very good deal.
My Father La Antiguedad,5 out of 5,Very rich and smooth,Very rich and smooth
My Father La Antiguedad,4 out of 5,Great smokes for the price,Great smokes for the price
My Father La Antiguedad,5 out of 5,excellent smoke,excellent smoke
My Father La Antiguedad,5 out of 5,Blown Away,"This is my #1 for 2019 amazing stick, Full flavor from the get go. Love it ""97"" in my book"
My Father La Antiguedad,5 out of 5,As with all of the,"As with all of the My Father cigars I've enjoyed, this is a well constructed, flavorful cigar."
My Father La Antiguedad,5 out of 5,Tradition in an awesome stick.,"This box must've come with a hole in it. They keep disappearing. My Father has some of the best sticks out there; I can't seem to get away from the brand. With this one, you'll find a great draw. I stored half at 70% and the other half at 72%. Both smoke incredibly well. You'll get a dark, oily wrapper and a bold blend of fillers. Strong leather, coffee, and earth. Not as much black pepper as you'll find in other MF/Garcia sticks, but certainly not mellow. Good medium-full body to it. Give it a month in your humidor and you won't be dissatisfied."
My Father La Antiguedad,4 out of 5,Tasty,Very nice cigar.
My Father La Antiguedad,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,Excellent smoke
My Father La Antiguedad,5 out of 5,BURNING FINGERS,THIS STICK WAS & STILL IS GOOD GOOD THAT EVERY TIME I BURN 1 OF THESE I SMOKE IT TILL MY FINGERS BURN!
My Father La Antiguedad,4 out of 5,Good- not great.,Good- not great.
My Father La Antiguedad,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
My Father La Antiguedad,4 out of 5,Great,"Would buy more,love these"
My Father La Antiguedad,5 out of 5,My Father,"Great cigar, what more be said."
My Father La Antiguedad,5 out of 5,Good stick,Good stick
My Father La Antiguedad,5 out of 5,Complex and great!,Complex cigar. Very relaxing smoke.
My Father La Antiguedad,5 out of 5,Beautiful!,Perfect size for me. All the flavor minus the head fog. Love them!
My Father La Antiguedad,5 out of 5,Excellent,"Excellent cigar, at an excellent price."
My Father La Antiguedad,4 out of 5,My Father Cigars,Great Cigar at a great price. Will buy these again for sure.
My Father La Antiguedad,5 out of 5,"Very good mild flavor, long","Very good mild flavor, long lasting and great price"
My Father La Antiguedad,5 out of 5,ok,ok
My Father La Antiguedad,4 out of 5,Nice cigar,Nice cigar
My Father La Antiguedad,3 out of 5,Just good,"Burn was quick, flavor was unimpressive."
My Father La Antiguedad,4 out of 5,Surprising,"I am not a fan of box pressed cigars. I know this technique doesn't necessarily affect the flavor, but it feels weird. I ordered these in a sampler because I have been impressed with this brand before. The flavor was surprising, more wood and cedar than I anticipated with a slight nuance of perfume. They burned extremely well and did not get bitter at the end since I like to smoke my stogies to the nub. I would highly recommend this cigar and the only reason I gave it four stars was because I wanted a little more coffee to it."
My Father La Antiguedad,5 out of 5,Good cogars,Nice product
My Father La Antiguedad,5 out of 5,My Father,This is a first class cigar. Over an hour of enjoyment. Great construction. Great flavors (creamy cocoa and apple sauce). Will definitely buy again.
My Father La Antiguedad,5 out of 5,Nice smoke,Nice smoke
My Father La Antiguedad,3 out of 5,Very nice flavors but inconsistent in smoke output and draw,"I've smoked 3 so far. The first one was perfect, with lots of smoke output, easy/loose draw and pleasant taste. The second one had a tighter draw that I had to open up with a poker. It then smoked fine and tasted great. The third one was somewhere in between. Even though the 'draws' seemed to very greatly from cigar to cigar, I'd recommend trying them. The flavors are very pleasant, hard to describe and interestingly different."
My Father La Antiguedad,4 out of 5,Coastal musings,"Excellent construction. Draw is spot on and burn requires little touch up. I will leave the hay, shoe leather and coffee taste to those so inclined but say it is a well balanced slightly spicy upper medium body stick. Much to my liking!"
My Father La Antiguedad,5 out of 5,good cigar,good cigar
My Father La Antiguedad,4 out of 5,Just a very great smoke.,Just a very great smoke.
My Father La Antiguedad,5 out of 5,Great smoke. One of my,Great smoke. One of my favorites!
My Father La Antiguedad,5 out of 5,The best cigar.,Love this cigar.
My Father La Antiguedad,5 out of 5,Surprising!,Surprising!
My Father La Antiguedad,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
My Father La Antiguedad,5 out of 5,Wowsers,Great stick! Incredibly smooth stick that does the job from lunch untill late night. Not over powering but complex enough to appreciate
My Father La Antiguedad,4 out of 5,Good,Good
My Father La Antiguedad,5 out of 5,Great herf,Nice cigar with great after taste
My Father La Antiguedad,5 out of 5,My Father,Excellent smoke
My Father La Antiguedad,5 out of 5,Good solid smoke,Nice draw and burn. Good flavor. Definitely a repeat purchase cigar
My Father La Antiguedad,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"Nice easy smoke, one of my favorites"
My Father La Antiguedad,4 out of 5,Great cigar!,"Nicely constructed. Good draw,very nice taste."
My Father La Antiguedad,5 out of 5,Great taste and even burn,Great taste and even burn
My Father La Antiguedad,5 out of 5,it was a good smoke,it was a good smoke enjoyed it very much
My Father La Antiguedad,5 out of 5,Fantastic,"Great smoke, even burn, perfect draw, well balanced flavor!"
My Father La Gran Oferta,4 out of 5,Good ciger,First 2/3 very tasty. Final third becomes very strong.
My Father La Gran Oferta,5 out of 5,Great,Above average cigar for the price. Definitely buy another box.
My Father La Gran Oferta,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,I tried this one for the first time last week i usually smoke the Flor de Las Antillas now i have found another My Father stooge to add to my humidor.
My Father La Opulencia,5 out of 5,Full bodied flavor bomb!,I have been an avid smoker of Padron 7000s for years. I have had 6 of these La Opulencia’s now and I will put them right up there with the Padron line and that is saying something! Absolute flavor bomb with an exceptional burn and draw! Highly recommend!
My Father La Opulencia,5 out of 5,Great stick,One of my personal favs. Can't go wrong with any of the Pepin lines!
My Father La Opulencia,5 out of 5,For the Wedding,Needed a impressive smoke for a wedding had some heavy hitters for cigars there 19 of them said it was one to put in their books for evaluation so they all saved the ring and we only had one guy throw it away and said that it was terrible and that it was his first cigar ever and last we cannot win them all but we came as close as you can get
My Father La Opulencia,5 out of 5,Outstanding value,Great smoke!
My Father La Opulencia,5 out of 5,Outstanding value!,"A smooth cigar with a refreshing taste that is a great, every day smoke."
My Father La Opulencia,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
My Father La Opulencia,2 out of 5,Not happy,"Too young, Too bitter. Well constructed, good draw, almost pleasant aroma, if you can get past the flavor..."
My Father La Opulencia,2 out of 5,Stick with the original MF,"I love Don Pepin (and Jaime's) offerings. When I first smoked an original My Father, I thought it was one of the best cigars I had ever smoked. SI still do. The La Opulencia? Not remotely close. First, when I gently tapped a toro with my finger it felt like I was hitting metal conduit. When I cut it and tried to get it going, it took forever. Once if FINALLY stayed lit (about halfway through), it started to burn unevenly and the flavor profile for me never kicked in. I've now smoked 4 of the 5 in the pack, and same result. Sad to say The Judge's I bought also behaved the same. Stick with the original if you want a consistent world class smoking experience."
My Father La Opulencia,4 out of 5,Smoke'em if you got'em,Nice smoke...It met my expectations of a My Father cigar.
My Father La Opulencia,3 out of 5,Not my father,"ive always been a Garcia family blend fan. My father is no exception. I've yet to have a bad one, however this has been my least favorite. I found it mediocre with zero complexity. I spent most of the time wondering if it would come around. No dice. I'd only rebuy if they were steeply discounted."
My Father La Opulencia,5 out of 5,No matter which My Father's,No matter which My Father's Cigar you try there has never been a bad one.
My Father La Opulencia,5 out of 5,Incredible,Will soon order another box...
My Father La Opulencia,5 out of 5,SmokingMS,"This is a cigar you’ll want to smoke everyday. Great construction, perfect draw full of earthy flavors. Don’t miss out on this one:)"
My Father La Opulencia,4 out of 5,Better ones to pick,"A decent smoke with a good draw. For me, I find the Le Bijou or the Flor de la Antilles more flavorful and a better cigar to light up."
My Father La Opulencia,5 out of 5,Another Great One From My Father!,"I am a fan of My Father cigars and my son saw the new opulencia and picked up a few to try out. I loved the cigar and just bought a box from CI on a great sale. I have lit up a few now and found them consistent with the first one I tried. Medium-Full bodied, easy draw with lots of smoke, started out with leather then opened up with pepper. Enjoyable from start to finish."
My Father La Opulencia,5 out of 5,My Father is Amazing,This is an amazing stick! Very smooth draw with lots of smoke. It has hints of earth and leather. I picked it up at my local cigar shop. I definitely will be ordering more from CI.
My Father La Promesa,5 out of 5,A must try!!!,Another A++++ winner from My Father.
My Father La Promesa,5 out of 5,New favorite,"Probably my new favorite cigar. Very smooth, tasty smoke. The box is presented very nicely as well. A+"
My Father La Promesa,5 out of 5,Great stick.,As always with Don Pepin incredible quality of tobacco and construction. They taste so good it’s like an angel farted into your tongue
My Father La Promesa,5 out of 5,Fantastic!!!,An absolute treat from My Father. I was fortunate to try these within a couple days of them coming out. Showing yet again they know how to make a quality cigar this burned beautifully and even while tasting fantastic. After a long day at work this was a great cigar to relax to.
My Father Le Bijou 1922,5 out of 5,Treat yourself,Just a fantastic cigar
My Father Le Bijou 1922,5 out of 5,Amazing,About as good as it gets!
My Father Le Bijou 1922,5 out of 5,ANother great Cigar from MY Fathers,Another great cigar by My Fathers - I bought this on a review from another cigar smoker and was very impressed. Great flavor construction and draw. Will continue to buy these cigars over and over
My Father Le Bijou 1922,5 out of 5,"nutty, earthy flavor burning nicely","Starts out with nice brisk hints of oak nuts and earthy flavor, with great white hard ash. Burns nice and well thru the half way so far. Not much oilyness on the tongue yet, but some. I still prefer the Oliva V Melanio Maduro box pressed for a couple bucks more a stick. But these babies are tasty in their own nutty, earthy flavor burning nicely."
My Father Le Bijou 1922,5 out of 5,Outstanding!,"These are exceptional cigars.They have a peppery,creamy flavor mixed with earthiness and a rich aroma.Don Pepin's cigars have a certain flavor that no one else creates!Well done,thanks C.I."
My Father Le Bijou 1922,4 out of 5,great smoke... starts of full,great smoke... starts of full body and mellows to a med-full
My Father Le Bijou 1922,4 out of 5,A welcome way to unwind a day,"This cigar is one of the better premium, full bodied churchills that I've experienced. Well behaved flavor and plenty of smoke. I'm a little over halfway through it as I write this. I was saving this one for a special occasion, the occasion became I ran out of my Bandidos. LOL I'm glad I chose this one, it did not disappoint."
My Father Le Bijou 1922,5 out of 5,Great smokes!,One of my favorite smokes!
My Father Le Bijou 1922,5 out of 5,JACKPOT!!,Amazing Cigar. Just incredible. Perfect for my coffee smoke in the morning.
My Father Le Bijou 1922,5 out of 5,GREAT Smoke,Awesome!!!
My Father Le Bijou 1922,5 out of 5,Ka-Pow!,"I’m new to cigar-smoking (I never smoked cigarettes). So I’ve tried probably 10-12 different cigars (mostly mild), just trying to figure out what I like. This seemed like a higher-end cigar and it was very highly rated.
I really enjoyed this cigar. Burned well, tasted good, smelled great, was very smooth & consistent. I will say that I think I smoked it a little too hard, as when I got through about 2/3rds, this thing hit me like a ton of bricks! I was buzzing and sweaty! Really though, my own fault. Like I said though, I’m a rookie but didn’t shy away from the challenge. Definitely will be buying these again. Worth every penny."
My Father Le Bijou 1922,5 out of 5,Merry Christmas to Me!,Bought these as a little gift for myself over the holiday. They are great. Each one I’ve enjoyed has certainly lived up to the hype. The new go to stick after a good day.
My Father Le Bijou 1922,5 out of 5,This was a gift for,This was a gift for my nephew. He loved them!
My Father Le Bijou 1922,5 out of 5,Undisputed Champ,This stick is the perfect size and flavor. A mild to moderate cigar with a perfect burn every time. You won't be disappointed.
My Father Le Bijou 1922,5 out of 5,Finally bought some,"Outstanding in every way, from packaging, presentation, and smoking."
My Father Le Bijou 1922,5 out of 5,One of the best at any price,This without a doubt is one of my favorite cigars in 30+ years of smoking. I'm not one to chew on a cigar but if you are you'll never take this thing out of your mouth.
My Father Le Bijou 1922,5 out of 5,These My Father cigars are,These My Father cigars are well constructed and have very good flavor.
My Father Le Bijou 1922,5 out of 5,An Awesome Smoke!,An Awesome Smoke!
My Father Le Bijou 1922,5 out of 5,Awesome Cigar as Always,This is my favorite go to Cigar. I love all of the Don Pepin and My Father cigars that I have tasted thus far.
My Father Le Bijou 1922,5 out of 5,My Father,Classic My Father smoke. This is a 2hr stick always. Pretty full and delicious
My Father Le Bijou 1922,5 out of 5,MUST TRY,"This is, by FAR, the best cigar I've ever had. It is full bodied, smells fantastic, and tastes even better. I would suggest this to new cigar smokers and seasoned veterans."
My Father Le Bijou 1922,5 out of 5,My Father Le Bijou 1922,"Great smoke, always consistent, IMO best cigar for the price anywhere"
My Father Le Bijou 1922,4 out of 5,My favorite cigar,"One of my favorite cigars. Unfortunately, they seem to be rolled a bit too tight for the last few boxes. Hopefully this will get better. I have tried adjusting my humidor setting, but this seems to make no difference. Still a fantastic cigar."
My Father Le Bijou 1922,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Great Cigar as it stands right now My favorite
My Father Le Bijou 1922,3 out of 5,Meh,Not as good as I thought they would be...
My Father Le Bijou 1922,5 out of 5,Great,One of the favorite Cigar
My Father Le Bijou 1922,5 out of 5,Well worth it’s 97 rating,"Simply the best cigar I have ever smoked! Great draw, great flavor, great experience. Well worth it’s 97 rating!"
My Father Le Bijou 1922,5 out of 5,Pairs well with Miss Vickies,Title says it all
My Father Le Bijou 1922,5 out of 5,Top cigar,I received one in a sample pack. As soon as I lit it I was reaching for my iPad so as to place an order for a full box.
My Father Le Bijou 1922,3 out of 5,Expected more from My Father....,"Amazing aroma, great taste, but draw and smoke quality was low.
Through most of the stick the draw was hot and labored.
Thought this might just be one unfortunate stick, but all five were the same way.
Three stars.
If one is given to me I would smoke it in a moment, but I won’t buy them, sorry."
My Father Le Bijou 1922,5 out of 5,Love the taste...,a very flavorful cigar !
My Father Le Bijou 1922,4 out of 5,"Good, nice draw...","Good, nice draw..."
My Father Le Bijou 1922,5 out of 5,Got Damn!,One of the finest got damn cigars I’ve ever puffed on.
My Father Le Bijou 1922,5 out of 5,Good cigar,Burnt perfect and tasted great
My Father Le Bijou 1922,5 out of 5,Smooth and full of flavor,Sold draw and full of flavor. One of the smoothest full flavor cigars I have smoked. Definitely going to buy a box or two!
My Father Le Bijou 1922,5 out of 5,Hard to go wrong with this brand,Excellent cigar
My Father Le Bijou 1922,5 out of 5,"Fast ,perfect delivery",My cigars arrived a ew days after I ordered them. They were in perfect shape and they are fantastic smokes!
My Father Le Bijou 1922,5 out of 5,Mind Blown!!,Best cigar I have ever smoked.
My Father Le Bijou 1922,5 out of 5,Air Force retirement gift,"My boss, Major John Schoonmaker spent 27 years defending this great country. As his squadron talked about what gift we could get the man who has everything. It wasn’t long before we knew he deserved the best cigars we could find. He has talked about the one and only time he had the opportunity to smoke a 1922 my father. His first of several deployments to Iraq. The smile on his face when he opened them was priceless and a small token of gradatude for what he and his family had sacrificed."
My Father Le Bijou 1922,5 out of 5,Great!,"Fantastic smoke! The draw is amazing, great flavor and perfect burn. Everything you'd expect from a high end cigar."
My Father Le Bijou 1922,4 out of 5,My go to cigar. Never,My go to cigar. Never disappointed.
My Father Le Bijou 1922,5 out of 5,My go to,Best ever
My Father Le Bijou 1922,5 out of 5,"My Father, Nuff Said!","My Father, Nuff Said!
Great smoke!
Nice slow burn!"
My Father Le Bijou 1922,5 out of 5,Great evening or weekend smokes!,Smooth and consistent draw from beginning to end. Very flavorful. Definitely a stick worth having in the humidor for any occasion. Almost time for another order.
My Father Le Bijou 1922,5 out of 5,Excellent!,Excellent!
My Father Le Bijou 1922,5 out of 5,Completely satisfied,A delicious experience from front to back. No complaints here. Will buy again.
My Father Le Bijou 1922,5 out of 5,Very nice cigar,Shipment r received in good shape
My Father Le Bijou 1922,1 out of 5,What's up with the 1922?,"Not sure what's going on, but the last 3 have been duds."
My Father Le Bijou 1922,4 out of 5,My Father Le Bijou,"Very good smoke, good draw with consistent burn"
My Father Le Bijou 1922,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"First time smoking and will order another box soon, gave half away for Christmas gift. Friends couldn't thank me enough."
My Father The Judge,5 out of 5,Retired Judge,Given to me by my lawyer son. Excellent smoke!
My Father The Judge,5 out of 5,Winner winner lobster dinner,"Great cigar, construction is flawless. The Sumatra wrapper has a smooth flavor. Box worthy👍"
My Father The Judge,5 out of 5,YES!!!,One of my favorite cigars. My Father cigars are among the best and the Judge is one of the best on their list.
My Father The Judge,5 out of 5,My Father The Judge,"What can I say? My Father makes the best cigars period! Buy some , you be the judge. You won’t be disappointed! Excellent to the nub."
My Father The Judge,5 out of 5,My new favorite of the My Father’s.,Great smoke. I should have purchased 3 boxes with the discount offer. Nice flavor and I like the box press feel.
My Father The Judge,5 out of 5,Great cigar,very subtle and refined.
My Father The Judge,5 out of 5,The Judge knows how to hold court,"Hands down, this is by far one of my favorite cigars. I like the ring gauge and for a cigar this robust, it lights easy and is a good cool, even draw to the end. Whether it's with a good, quality cup of coffee under the shade trees of the morning or a quality high-gravity beer or bourbon later in the day, this cigar has never let me down."
My Father The Judge,5 out of 5,Great Cigar great service,My Favorite.. great smoke. Great service
My Father The Judge,4 out of 5,Just A Cigar,"Nice cigar, we'll constructed, and good draw. But, pretty boring. No, notes of anything really. It's just a cigar."
My Father The Judge,5 out of 5,Awesom cigar! I just wish,Awesom cigar! I just wish they would be on sale a little more often
My Father The Judge,5 out of 5,A Great Smoke!,"A lot of cigars of this ring gauge are somewhat difficult to smoke. This one lights easily, burns cool to the end, and draws like a dream. It’s never overpowering and I’ve found it to be a good smoke for any time of the day. I usually go for Toros, and I do like that size in The Judge Line. This cigar is a good change, and one that I would keep in the humidor all the time."
My Father The Judge,5 out of 5,Another Homerun For My Father,Amazingly great cigar. Lots of flavor. As others have said. It does pack a nicotine punch. So just don't go for The Judge on an empty stomach. A fine smoke.
My Father The Judge,3 out of 5,Not a great intro but will try again before final judgement,Struggled to burn even for the first third. Was expecting more nuanced flavors but just burned hot and packed a significant nicotine punch. Acclimated in my humidor for 3.5 weeks at 68%-70% RH. I will give it another try next. Not and reasses.
My Father The Judge,5 out of 5,One of the best cigars out there!! Definitely 5 stars!!,"Best cigar I've had so far!! One of my friends let me try this one out of his humidor and just by the looks of it I knew it was going to be a good smoke,I'm looking forward to buying myself a box soon,I would highly recommend this to anybody who likes quality cigars."
My Father The Judge,5 out of 5,The Judge,A Great Cigar !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
My Father The Judge,5 out of 5,Another great one by the My Father line.,"Absolutely a great stick! The great taste, burn, and consistency have made this a staple in my humidor. Not much else to say."
My Father The Judge,5 out of 5,I will be ordering a box soon!,"I did not buy this cigar from here as CI did not yet have it. This is an amazing cigar. Very sweet and woody. If I had to explain what it tasted like, it tastes like a chocolate covered raisin, wrapped in leather, sprinkled with cedar shavings and pepper. I really enjoyed this cigar, very well constructed, perfect draw, all what I've come to expect from My Father. You will not be disappointed. Also, this cigar does pack a decent punch, I took my time and still got a bit of a buzz!
-RC"
My Father Vegas Cubanas,5 out of 5,Amazing,Great med flavor reminds me of cuban ryj short Churchill.
My Father Vegas Cubanas,5 out of 5,Solid smoke for beginners and Aficionados alike,"Solid smoke, good value for the price and great quality as per usual from My Father.
Excellent flavors and smoothness throughout the entire smoking experience. It has a creamy blend of tobacco and some nuttyness with a slight cinnamon flavor. Pretty consistent throughout with no big flavor changes.
Medium body/medium-full flavor. Great for someone who smokes daily or the occasional smoker.
I have added one of these to my daily rotation a few times per week now. I typically smoke 3 cigars per day.
My palate generally leans to Nicaragua."
Nat Sherman Epoca,5 out of 5,I’ve bought several boxes and,I’ve bought several boxes and have been very satisfied with all of them
Nat Sherman Epoca,3 out of 5,Nat Sherman Epoca,"While I usually love this cigar, the box that I just received is an extraordinarily tight draw. Do not understand why, but I’ve had to use a draw poker just to enjoy a cigar. Love the flavor, just disappointed in this box."
Nat Sherman Epoca,4 out of 5,Nat Sherman Epoca,"Nice smoke, plenty taste, burns nice and smokes well"
Nat Sherman Epoca,5 out of 5,Don't ever stop making it!,On my third box. Excellent classic medium bodied cigar.
Nat Sherman Epoca,5 out of 5,Great Service----------------great smoke,Can't say enough positives on the Nat Sherman brand.................excellent
Nat Sherman Epoca,4 out of 5,Great anytime cigar,"Awesome Smoke!
Creamy, Coffee & Leather
Great burn smooth drawl with lots of smoke....o O 0"
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Connecticut,4 out of 5,Okay,Okay
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Connecticut,5 out of 5,Very mild smoke,Very mild smoke
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Connecticut,5 out of 5,The best soft cigars!,The best cigars I had smoked. Very soft taste.
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Connecticut,5 out of 5,Nat Sherman Connecticut,"This is one the best smokes I've had! Mild, nutty and sweet with an rm excellent draw throughout! Definitely boxworthy!"
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Connecticut,3 out of 5,not-sure-man,"decent taste, but uneven burn"
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Connecticut,5 out of 5,excellent,excellent
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Connecticut,3 out of 5,Nat Sherman University,"Usually one of my favorite cigars, but this box has had a pretty hard draw towards the last half of the cigar. Had to use a draw poker on them to finish the smoke. Maybe a old box that wasn’t kept well? Overall, disappointing."
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Connecticut,4 out of 5,Primo,"This was a surprise nice mellow smoke ,this is my drive home stogie well made Dominican .
Nat Sherman is a great brand .."
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,If you are looking for a smooth Cigar this is one of my favorites!
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good smooth cigar,"I love this cigar, great tante and smooth smoke. It would need To be a little more évolutive To get 5 stars"
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Connecticut,4 out of 5,Top Notch,"Great mellow smoke touch of vanilla in the air , well made and constructed wouldn't expect anything less of Nat Sherman."
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Connecticut,1 out of 5,Nice Free clock! Bad cigar!,burn fast loose rolled yuck!
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Connecticut,5 out of 5,Nat Sherman Metropolitan con.,Great smoke nice burn for the price
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great cigar,mild but very flavorful
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Habano,5 out of 5,Awesome Cigar,"Incredible smoke, very smooth with no after taste. Complex taste however very mild. Awesome cigar!"
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Habano,5 out of 5,Nat Sherman HaBANO,"Excellent stick, fits my palette perfectly. Medium and very smooth draw."
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Habano,4 out of 5,Nat Sherman Habano,"Very nice cigar, consistent , medium strength . Highly recommend"
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Habano,5 out of 5,Nice Medium Cigar,A pleasant medium body cigar to smoke. Enjoyed this one with my morning coffee. No issues.
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Habano,5 out of 5,Ya gotta love a good Nat!,"Well made, beautiful draw,even burn, nice flavors. Will definitely buy again."
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Habano,5 out of 5,Chocolaty Goodness!,"The Nat Sherman Metropolitan Habano is my ""go to"" cigar these days. The chocolaty finish is tasty and it holds an ash well."
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Habano,5 out of 5,Cigar International and Nat Sherman,"First Class site and excellent cigar! Pricing, Shipping ,and Timing beyond expectations."
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Host,5 out of 5,great smoke,"this cigar is well made, smokes fantastic, very enjoyable, and well worth the money!"
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Host,4 out of 5,Fine cigar,Great cigar. Would a five but for price
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Host,5 out of 5,Love these cigars,"Nice smooth, mellow cigar that doesn't leave a strong aftertaste in your mouth."
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Host,5 out of 5,Smooth Taste,I have been smoking these for sometime. I find them to have a smooth taste and a good draw.
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Host,4 out of 5,"Mild Cigar, Easy Draw, Good Flavor.","Mild cigar, easy draw, good smoke, good flavor, well constructed."
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Host,5 out of 5,Outstanding cigar,"Since my first deployment, this has become my go to cigar! Everyone I have introduced to it loves it as well, you can't go wrong with a Nat Sherman!"
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Host,5 out of 5,Great Golf Cigar,Great cigar. Perfect for golf.
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Host,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Host,5 out of 5,Good,Good
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Host,5 out of 5,Very mild smooth cigar. Great,Very mild smooth cigar. Great when it’s hot. Would buy them again
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Host,3 out of 5,Not the same,I’ve been smoking these sticks for over 20 yrs always loved them. Since they repacked them they obviously changed something cause there not the same. I’ll give them one more shot.
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Host,5 out of 5,Treat Yourself,Great cigar all around.....nice with a morning cup of Joe.
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Host,5 out of 5,Good stuff,"I'm a relative newbie, and I don't smoke a lot, so maybe my description is a little lame, but this cigar isn't. My first box of cigars was Oliva Connecticut Reserve; I enjoyed the hell out of them. When it came time to order more sticks, I almost repeated my order, but decided to take a chance and get something different. I'm still a mild cigar smoker, so I opted for the Host. I was not disappointed. As usual, the CI service was impeccable."
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Host,5 out of 5,Treat Yourself,Great cigar with that morning cup of coffee....or anytime …. just right.
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Host,5 out of 5,Great smoke,As Van Morrison sang - it’s as smooth as Tupelo Honey
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Host,5 out of 5,Nat Sherman,Mild yet smooth taste for a great price
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Host,4 out of 5,Sweet,Sweet
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Host,5 out of 5,Hobart,I give this cigar 5 ⭐️ Stars.
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Host,5 out of 5,Impressed!,Smooth with a nice blended taste
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Host,5 out of 5,"Mild, great smoke, good flavor","Mild, great smoke, good flavor"
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Host,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Just an awesome mild cigar.
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Host,5 out of 5,Tried and True,"Nat Sherman’s Hobart is most definitely my go-to cigar because I know I will be getting excellent taste, consistency in burn, unwavering freshness and exquisite quality."
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Host,5 out of 5,Tasty cigar w some sweetness,Tasty cigar w some sweetness
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Host,5 out of 5,Reliable Pleasure,I have been smoking Nat Sherman cigars for some time now and I am always happy to find consistency in such a great cigar. It is a smooth smoking cigar with just the right amount of sweetness.
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Host,5 out of 5,Nat Sherman Hobart,"Pleasantly mild and flavorful , with just a touch of sweetness. Nice even burn that lasts the perfect amount of time. A great smoke for those relaxing times with a good cocktail!"
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Host,5 out of 5,Smooth,Very smooth and mellow smoke. Great for a relaxing weekend afternoon.
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Host,5 out of 5,Must try this one.,"Stumbled on to this one. I love it. Was not sure because it did not sound like something from Central America, Very nice smoke."
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Host,1 out of 5,Think Twice,"These smokes just didnt make the grade this time.
I have purchased these locally as singles and they seemed a different smoke.
Better deal for the same price at CI"
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Host,5 out of 5,a smooth and sweet delight!!,"I am relatively new to cigars, but of 25 or so different ones I have tried, this one is the best. The draw, aroma, taste, smoothness, look and feel of these is simply alluring - plus the sweet head on it is an added surprise and pleasure. This is too good to not buy more and try some different sizes and shapes."
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Host,5 out of 5,Smooth smoke,Nat Sherman is one of my favorites. They have a smooth smoke and a delicious flavor.
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Host,4 out of 5,"Great cigar, good pricing !!!","Great cigar, good pricing !!!"
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Host,5 out of 5,My favorite cigar,"I've probably reviewed this before but if I had to pick just one cigar (heaven forbid), this would be it. Smooth, creamy, a touch of sweetness on the cap, an easy smoke any time of the day. Great construction, even burn, and consistency from start to finish. A top notch cigar and my favorite."
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Host,5 out of 5,Nat Sherman hunter,Great cigar
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Host,5 out of 5,It’s a very nice smoke.,It’s a very nice smoke.
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Host,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Host,5 out of 5,My favorite,Very smooth with a subtle sweetness to it. Good burn and definitely one of the better affordable cigars out there.
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Host,5 out of 5,smooth!,If you don’t want to taste the cigar the next day after you smoke it this is the cigar for you very smooth!
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Host,5 out of 5,Nat Sherman Hyde,"They smooth mild with a slight sweetness
My favorite cigar"
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Host,5 out of 5,Nice mild smoke,Great smoke
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Host,3 out of 5,Not as good as those,"Not as good as those I smoked 10 years ago! Sweetness on the cap minimum compared to 10 years ago. Very uneven burn. Still shows potential with flavors of nuts and white pepper. I will try again after a month of rest in my humidor. And, the 86% federal sin tax drove the cost from $70 - $80 to $150 a box. Thank you U.S. Congress!."
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Host,5 out of 5,A Great Cigar.......,"My all-time favorite cigar. Great flavor, stays lit, never a hard draw. Worth the money."
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Host,5 out of 5,My New Love,"I had never tried these, but wanted the free clock! I've found my new cigar love. Easy, even burn and great taste."
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Host,5 out of 5,One of my favorites,Good Cigar
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Host,5 out of 5,Very nice smoke,Mild and creamy. Lots of smoke and well made. Excellent with morning cup of joe.
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Host,5 out of 5,Good Smoke,"This is a good cigar, good burn, great taste, I enjoy them greatly!"
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Host,4 out of 5,Good Flavor,I like these when I need a lighter smoke. They have good flavor with a lighter body. They tend to smoke fast so only 4 stars but still a great Connecticut smoke.
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Host,5 out of 5,One of my favorite,Never can go wrong with a Nate Sherman Hunter. If you enjoy a Mild smoke this is a good one. Little expensive but what good cigars are not these day. Which I could find a less expensive cigar to enjoy everyday.
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Host,5 out of 5,Great Cigar!,I have never had a bad Nat Sherman cigar. These are no exception. If you have never tried one you should. You will not be disappointed.
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Host,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,"Nat Sherman always delivers refined, complex, satisfying taste all the way to the last puff. My favorite mild cigar. Consistent quality at a very good price. Thanks CI!"
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Host,5 out of 5,Bat Sherman a mild cigar,Great smoke smooth and I nice even burn . I would recommend this cigar to anyone who likes mild cigars
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Maduro,5 out of 5,Nat,Excellent
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,"Loved this stogie! Smooth, a light taste of spice but not too heavy, long steady clean burn. Everyone loved the smell. I'm a Black Spiced Rum drinker (mixed, of course), this was an awesome accessory to that. And blended well with the smoke from my sons joint, and reminded everyone in the room who the Pater Familias is ;) Great cigar, order came fast. I'll definitely buy more!"
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Maduro,4 out of 5,Nat,A very nice smoke. Medium/ strong. Flavors of nuts and earth. Inconsistent burn however. Needed touch ups.
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Maduro,2 out of 5,Not worth it!,Inconsistent from stick to stick. Uneven burn on each one I've smoked. At halfway point it is almost too spicy to continue. I will not purchase these again. There are way better Maduro smokes at this price point.
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Selection Host Maduro,3 out of 5,Of the first 8 cigars,"Of the first 8 cigars in the box, 7 have had blocks in them. Had to dig them out and restart each time. I expected better from Nat Sherman."
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Selection Host Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent,A perfect smoke!
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Selection Host Maduro,4 out of 5,Beginners,"Great cigar for beginners, I bought a box to give away for gifts and to smoke with my coffee."
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Selection Host Maduro,5 out of 5,Fantastic smoke. would buy it,Fantastic smoke. would buy it again as well as willing to try the other cigars in his collection
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Selection Host Maduro,5 out of 5,Wow,Great Maduro. Well worth the money.
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Selection Host Maduro,5 out of 5,BEST NAT SO FAR,NICE SMOOTH SWEET SMOKE. IF YOU LIKE SWEET THIS IS A GO TO. TYPICAL NAT QUALITY AND EVEN BURN. LOVED IT
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Selection Host Maduro,5 out of 5,one of the best cigars ever.,consistent draw throughout the entire smoke. smooth with hints of leather and coffee and every cigar seems made exactly the same. never had one where it didn't burn smooth
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Selection Host Maduro,2 out of 5,Disappointed,"Well, my first experience with Nat Sherman was not a good one. Maybe it's just this batch but the burn was very uneven, so much so that I had to cut off 1/3 of the lit stick. So my impression is that Nat's are hyped and over rated, pricey too."
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Selection Host Maduro,5 out of 5,"D Ben ""Nowhere Near an Aficionado""","Flavorful (hints of vanilla, oak with a sweet finish) easy, smooth draw always an even burn. I try to always keep a few of these on hand on of my go to cigars"
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Selection Host Maduro,5 out of 5,Nat Shermans,Very good
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Selection Host Maduro,5 out of 5,I am new to cigars.,"I am new to cigars. My experience has been with Nat Sherman mild which I prefer. With that said however, the fuller smoke with the maduro wrapper was not bad. Still rich and smooth with a long even burn. Don't think you can go wrong with Nat Sherman brand."
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Selection Host Maduro,5 out of 5,Nat Sherman Host Maduro Hampton,Slightly Sweet but not overly. Just a great all around smoke. Even Burn and I never have them go out on me. I like to try all kinds from medium to full but the will always have a prominent place in my humidor. 5 stars for the value to price.
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Selection Host Maduro,4 out of 5,Will buy again!,"Nice burn, mellow and full of flavor."
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Selection Host Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,"Clean burn, no run action, great flavor. Will buy again"
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Selection Host Maduro,4 out of 5,Nat sherman maduro,Haven't smoked nats for some time.they were fresh and smooth with even burn. I would recommend a try.
Nat Sherman Metropolitan Selection Host Maduro,5 out of 5,"Slightly sweet, mellow smooth creamy","Slightly sweet, mellow smooth creamy Maduro. Great price too perfect for everyday for me."
Nat Sherman Sterling,5 out of 5,Top rate Connecticut with smooth buttery/creamy taste,"BLUF:
Super easy draw, reasonable construction, quality appearance, smooth buttery flavors for connecticut
Construction:
The wrapper had no blemishes. The overall burn of the cigar allowed the ashes to be in place through 3 inches of burn. While the ashes were compact, I did notice that parts of the ash were splintering off as opposed to be one solid cylinder of ash. As usual, I used my punch to get a uniform hole size. What I noticed was an easier draw than other cigars. Overall, my burn time was shorter than average.
Flavor:
I had a super consistent buttery flavor throughout the cigar. I did not notice any real change throughout a majority of the burn. At the first half inch or so, I did get a slight firey feeling on the tongue, but it subsided after that initial burn. Aside from the buttery flavor, it had a creamy sensation which I really appreciated.
Overall Quality:
I'm glad I got to experience this cigar. It is pretty much what I look for when I'm going for a Connecticut. I appreciated the appearance, the quality of the wrapper, and overall aesthetics. As compared with other Connecticuts I have tried, I would rate this near the top for what I would expect a Connecticut to be like when smoking."
Nat Sherman Sterling,4 out of 5,I enjoyed them very light,I enjoyed them very light and smooth
Nat Sherman Sterling,4 out of 5,Mild.nice,Mild.nice
Nat Sherman Sterling,5 out of 5,Nice morning coffee stick.,Great draw. Burned well had a nice mellow taste too it that went well with my morning coffee. Buy again? Maybe if there on sale
Nat Sherman Sterling,3 out of 5,They are good but I,They are good but I was expecting them to be better
Nat Sherman Sterling,5 out of 5,Great cigar. Smooth draw.,Great burn. Smooth toward the first half. Gets better toward the end
Nat Sherman Sterling,3 out of 5,It's ok,Is OK. Not as good as thought not with the price
Nat Sherman Sterling,5 out of 5,Great Cigar!,Wonderful draw; great cigar!
Nat Sherman Sterling,5 out of 5,Excelent service,Very fast! Very good prices! And the best quality
Nat Sherman Sterling,5 out of 5,A Must-Try Stick,"Elegant, sophisticated and unique stick. Medium bodied with tons of cream, wood, toast with a bit of sweetness. Worth the price. An outstanding experience, especially in this era of large ring-gauge, ligero-heavy blends. Best cigar I've had this year."
Nat Sherman Sterling,4 out of 5,Nice change,"A little pricey for what you get - which is a pretty decent stick. It's a nice change from my mostly narrow Fuente palete. Nice draw, smooth, medium body. Solid, but average."
Nat Sherman Sterling,5 out of 5,Nat Sherman Sterling Delivers - Checkmate!,"This was my 2nd order from Cigar International, and couldn't have come at a better time. My good buddy Andy had just moved back into the area, and we celebrated by getting together and burning some Nat Sherman Sterling's that I just purchased and combined it with 3 intense games of chess. Thanks for a great afternoon Cigars International!"
Nat Sherman Timeless Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Good quick smoke!!,Good quick smoke!!
Nat Sherman Timeless Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Best Cigarillo,Best Cigarillo from Nat Sherman. Great quick smoke on the run or walk!
Nat Sherman Timeless Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Great break time smoke,"Smooth easy smoke, great for short breaks, I highly recommend these Cigarillos."
Nat Sherman Timeless Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Smooth,"Great taste, nice quick smoke."
Nat Sherman Timeless Cigarillos,5 out of 5,A tasty little treat when,A tasty little treat when you are short on time.
Nat Sherman Timeless Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Good little smoke,Can't say I've ever been disapointed by any Nat cigar. These are nice little quick smokes. Better than most out there.
Nat Sherman Timeless Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Not a bad smoke,This is a quick little smoke. So little that I'm not sure it really satisfies the urge but be careful gets a little hot near the end.
Nat Sherman Timeless Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Nat's Shemans,These are taisty little treats. Gave a tin to my friend and he loves them.
Nat Sherman Timeless Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Great tasting.,Great tasting.
Nat Sherman Timeless Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Love the smoke!
Nat Sherman Timeless Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Nat's...,Excellent quick smoke... Always fresh... Connecticut wrapper...
Nat Sherman Timeless Cigarillos,3 out of 5,Cigars in a can,I found these cigars to be very small and taste is not appealling
Nat Sherman Timeless Cigarillos,5 out of 5,finely made,finely made
Nat Sherman Timeless Cigarillos,4 out of 5,For a quick stick,"These cigarillos are great for a quick after dinner smoke. When you don’t have an hour to smoke a full size stick, these Nats will satisfy your need for a smoke."
Nat Sherman Timeless Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great smoke in a pinch!,"When you only a little time, Nat's is the bomb! Great taste! Will order again!"
Nat Sherman Timeless Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Tasty Nat!,Awesome taste. Smooth. Great for after a meal!
Nat Sherman Timeless Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Nice enjoyable Nat,"The price is right, the time is short so go enjoy these little Nats. Not as smooth as say a Hamilton, but still tasty for a small cigar. If you want a tasty little quick smoke you can't go wrong."
Nat Sherman Timeless Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great little smokes - I'm a Nat Sherman fan!
Nat Sherman Timeless Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great little cigars quick processing and delivery,"Loved the great service, price, and value"
Nat Sherman Timeless Cigarillos,3 out of 5,NAT SHERMAN CIGARILLOS,I recently tried a few Cigarillos size cigars because some Indian Casinos are not allowing regular cigars to be smoked in the casino. The Nat Sherman were a light smoke but only lasting 9-11 minutes. I found most of the Cigarillos size to only last about 10 minutes. The roll of the cigar was loose which reduced smoke time. I hope they try a tighter roll in future products.
Nat Sherman Timeless Cigarillos,3 out of 5,Nat Sherman cigarillos,They are okay for a quid little smoke.
Nat Sherman Timeless Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Nat Sherman Cigarillos,"What a nice surprise this cigarillos turned out to be. Perfect size for a break time smoke, or your morning coffee. Don't let the small size fool you, it has a robust flavor that is smooth to the last."
Nat Sherman Timeless Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Great for a quick smoke,"I bought these for my husband. I buy all his cigars. I want him smoking decent ones and not stinky cheapos.
He likes the Nat's. He says they are good flavor and burn nicely. Especially for a small cigarillo. He prefers the larger Macanudo Gold Label Ascots but when we can't get those, these will do.
He said when you don't have a ton of time, these are a great quick smoke."
Nat Sherman Timeless Cigarillos,3 out of 5,Nat Sherman,These are a nice short smoke and I enjoy the tin they came in. That being said more often then not the filler is loose and gets in my mouth with smoking. Not the best experience but still a good mild smoke.
Nat Sherman Timeless Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Nat Sherman Cigarillos,"No complaints here........ Great little cigars that last about 20 mins. Awesome for smoke breaks during lunchtime at work.
Good box pressed LIKE, flavor nice tight draw. Will purchase again."
Nat Sherman Timeless Cigarillos,3 out of 5,just ok,smooth and well made but not distictive
Nat Sherman Timeless Cigarillos,2 out of 5,Not what I expected,"I've had small cigarellos of different brands in the past and enjoyed them but these Nat Shermans are a bit too strong, especially for inhaling . The tend to burn a bit to quickly for my taste."
Nat Sherman Timeless Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Best small ones,best small smokes I've ever bought. Just enough flavor and not too much that it kills your mouth the next day
Nat Sherman Timeless Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke for a small,Excellent smoke for a small cigar
Nat Sherman Timeless Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Thank you,Excellent service highly recommend
Nat Sherman Timeless Cigarillos,5 out of 5,The best,These guys rock
Nat Sherman Timeless Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Dependable & quality,Very good product always happy with my cigars TY
Nat Sherman Timeless Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Ron,Nat Sherman Cigarillos are the perfect fit when you only have time for a quick smoke. They have the flavor you need and the body you wouldn't expect from their size. A great smoke!
Nat Sherman Timeless Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Perfect.,Very fast delivery. Never had a problem
Nat Sherman Timeless Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great Stuff from CI,"Always instock, great service at CI"
Nat Sherman Timeless Cigarillos,5 out of 5,My go to for a mini cigarillo,Best mini cigarillo compared to Puch and Hoyo de Monterrey cigarillos!.. Smooth and great for on the go..
Nat Sherman Timeless Cigarillos,5 out of 5,excellent crop,Cigars were very exceptional
Nat Sherman Timeless Cigarillos,5 out of 5,love them lil' Nats,"Best of all little smokes. Better than the Cuban Monte Christo's & for that matter, better than Cuban Cohiba cigarillos. Love 'em!"
Nat Sherman Timeless Prestige,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great cigar will buy again!
Nat Sherman Timeless Prestige,5 out of 5,Highly recommended,The recipient of these cigars was very pleased. Great service!
National Brand Bundles,5 out of 5,....,I really like these smooth smokes.. they are my everyday go to.
National Brand Bundles,5 out of 5,A Winner!...,"Received one from a friend last night. Nice, smooth, mild smoke with no bite. A near perfect burn with a nice, sweet wrapper flavor. A great all around cigar and a wonderful value for the price."
National Brand Bundles,5 out of 5,Everyday Workhorse !,The Toro is a first class daily user.
New Cuba,5 out of 5,Great,Great
New Cuba,5 out of 5,awesome,"if your mowing the lawn or on the Golf course, or just want to relax...this is the Cigar to have...and you can have your money as well as it is a very reasionable priced smoke.."
New Cuba,5 out of 5,Great,I like
New Cuba,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Slow burning and great smooth flavor
New Cuba,4 out of 5,Good value,Good value
New Cuba,5 out of 5,Good cigar - low cost,great cigar for an everyday smoke.
New Cuba,5 out of 5,Excellent value,Hard to beat for an every day cigar. It's my new go-to.
New Cuba,4 out of 5,the first time trying these,the first time trying these I am really enjoying them. I would order them again.
New Cuba,4 out of 5,New Cuba,Great cigar for knocking around the yard or on the golf course
New Cuba,5 out of 5,Great Choice!,"I have enjoyed each and everyone of these cigars! The quality for price is over the top. The cigars are finished nicely, well constructed and flavorful. Good smoke from the beginning to the end!"
New Cuba,5 out of 5,My favorite cigar on the,My favorite cigar on the golf course.
New Cuba,5 out of 5,Great deal for the taste,Great deal for the taste and quality.
New Cuba,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,This is a great everyday smoke for those who enjoy cigars on a budget. Well worth the buy
New Cuba,4 out of 5,Good for the price,A good smoke. Better than some of the more expensive in this class.
New Cuba,4 out of 5,not bad,they do fall apart at the end of smoke
New Cuba,4 out of 5,Once in a while you,Once in a while you get one that burns funny.
New Cuba,4 out of 5,Great for the price,"For about a dollar a stick, these are very hard to beat"
New Cuba,5 out of 5,New cuba,Great value burns smooth have tried many others prefer these over all !!
New Cuba,4 out of 5,My choice,For the price these cigars are very good.
New Cuba,4 out of 5,Good cigar mild,Good cigar mild
New Cuba,4 out of 5,Great size long slow burn,"Great size long slow burn
Good value"
New Cuba,5 out of 5,NEW CUBA TORPEDO,"Great smoke for the price! slow burn, and no plugs!"
New Cuba,5 out of 5,"great cigar with great taste,","great cigar with great taste, long burn"
New Cuba,5 out of 5,Good value.,Good value.
New Cuba,5 out of 5,"Great smoke, when 🤔 I","Great smoke, when 🤔 I get low I'm ordering some more."
New Cuba,4 out of 5,presidente,"Great for the price.at this price they hold together well,even burn and stay firm,not soggy."
New Cuba,5 out of 5,Awesome smoke,"I love these cigars. They smoke evenly, draw very nice and give a fully satisfied feeling. These are my new “go to “ cigars."
New Cuba,4 out of 5,Great for the price,These smoke good and burn well. Like the product for the price.
New Cuba,3 out of 5,decent cheap cigar. stays firm,"decent cheap cigar. stays firm , smokes even"
New Cuba,4 out of 5,Give me water,Bought 2 bundles of 5x50. Paid the extra money for faster delivery. Cigars were dry as dead sticks. It still took 6 days i think. Its been about 2 weeks and the cigars are getting better. Giving an extra star because CI has been good for many years. I think when you pay for faster delivery that it would be nice to receive earlier and not dried out. Thanks CI for all the good years.
New Cuba,4 out of 5,Good for the price.,These are not bad. Mo bad aftertaste. Decent wrapper and burn. They were not stale when I got them. A good smoke for the money.
New Cuba,4 out of 5,Good burning cigar,Good burning cigar
New Cuba,5 out of 5,Great for the Price,Enjoyed each of the cigars.
New Cuba,5 out of 5,Great every day cigars,Great every day cigars
New Cuba,5 out of 5,love 'em!!,Love these cigars!! I won't buy any other cigar!!
New Cuba,3 out of 5,Ok,Ok
New Cuba,5 out of 5,👍,For the price a very good cigar
New Cuba,3 out of 5,Repeat Customer,"You can tell the Cuban sandwich filler comes from quality tobacco. They burn kind of wonky, but not as much if you store them still in cellophane and take gentle drags. Always in my yard gar rotation."
New Cuba,4 out of 5,Really good deal,In the 50 count bundle these are 96 cents a piece. For a slow burn medium cigar you can't really go wrong. Better than most more expensive Cuban Sandwich cigars.
New Cuba,4 out of 5,Pretty good smoke!,"I usually buy the Presidente size but they were backordered. Even burn, good flavor, and can’t beat the price. Great for the yard, patio, on the boat or hanging on my dock."
New Cuba,4 out of 5,Good daily stick!,Good corojo from Aganorsa Leaf. My daily go-to.
New Cuba,5 out of 5,great everyday smoke,great everyday smoke
New Cuba,5 out of 5,Great everyday smoke,Great everyday smoke
New Cuba,5 out of 5,Great every day smoke..,"For a few years, I smoked ""Flor Del Todos"" Churchills - Then one batch was bad (hey - it happens with cheap cigars!) So - I tried these - and they are quite good! For the price you can't go wrong!"
New Cuba,4 out of 5,Really Impressed,"I took away a star because of construction. They’re a little spongy and tend to canoe if you hit them too fast. Now onto the good stuff. This is actually a really great corojo cigar. ROTT they’re what I’d consider good, especially considering the price. But I just smoked one that’s been resting for three months and it was outstanding! No joke! It did lose a bit of its body after that rest, but the flavors really came together. IMO, a VERY good stick for the money. As always, CO service was great!"
New Cuba,4 out of 5,Excellent taste. Wish it had,"Excellent taste. Wish it had a more even burn. This causes another problem. Often one has to re-light said cigar. And as you know, this can cause scorching. Giving an adverse taste to a very good cigar. Thank you, Respectfully: Gil."
New Cuba,4 out of 5,Great everyday smoke and the,Great everyday smoke and the price is right 😁
New Cuba,4 out of 5,Affordable but good.,Affordable but good.
New Cuba,3 out of 5,Decent,Satisfying stick at a good price.
New Cuba,4 out of 5,New Cuba,Great Golfing Cigar
New Cuba Connecticut,5 out of 5,cigars,very satisfied
New Cuba Connecticut,5 out of 5,New Cuba Connecticut,Great value for a smooth smoke!
New Cuba Connecticut,3 out of 5,New Cuba,"Some have a good burn. Even ash.
About a third are rolled to loose and
that means uneven burn."
New Cuba Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great taste,Great tasteMild and smokes through smoothly good bang for the buck
New Cuba Connecticut,3 out of 5,"Good taste, but...","Some great tasting tobacco for a mixed filler, but if you try to smoke even slightly fast it will canoe like crazy. Take it slow, and I've found resting/aging them still in the cellophane seemed to help."
New Cuba Connecticut,4 out of 5,This is a good everyday,This is a good everyday cigar/ The price is good and so is the flabor.
New Cuba Connecticut,4 out of 5,FAST BURNERS...,"Pleasing and unique aroma and taste (for an Ecuador Connecticut wrapped cigar). These burned very fast for me and that is the reason for a 4 star rating instead of 5 stars. In my 50 years of smoking cigars, it seems that most all Connecticut Natural wrapped cigars burned much faster than Corojo, Maduro, and Habano wrapped cigars."
New Cuba Connecticut,4 out of 5,Every day pleasure,"This Cigar , to me is a great every day cigar. Mello and don't leave an after taste. Besides, I can afford this one."
New Cuba Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good smoke!,"Hard to beat for the price.! Better than some cigars costing two or three times as much. Mild , but with some flavor and an even burn. Will continue to buy i."
New Cuba Connecticut,4 out of 5,Excellent value and a good,Excellent value and a good smoke
New Cuba Connecticut,4 out of 5,"Slow burning, pretty good taste","Slow burning, pretty good taste"
New Cuba Connecticut,5 out of 5,Good smoke. Love the flavor,Good smoke. Love the flavor
New Cuba Connecticut,4 out of 5,"Yum, what a deal in","Yum, what a deal in a favorably price cigar...fun to share with friends"
New Cuba Connecticut,5 out of 5,Good cigar,Veri good cigar
New Cuba Connecticut,5 out of 5,NEW CUBA,"VERY GOOD CIGAR ,ESPECIALLY REASONABLE PRICE,
YOU GUYS ARE LEAVING JR'S IN THE DUST IN MY BOOKS,
GOOD CIGARS, GOOD PRICING, EXCELLENT SHIPPING.
ED"
New Cuba Connecticut,4 out of 5,GREAT NEW CIGAR!!!!,AWESOME!!!
New Cuba Connecticut,4 out of 5,These are nice everyday cigar.,These are nice everyday cigar. Some of my friends tried this cigar and now there smoking new cuba.
New Cuba Connecticut,4 out of 5,Everyday cigar,"Good cigar, good price"
New Cuba Connecticut,5 out of 5,"good deal, fast delivery.","good deal, fast delivery."
New Cuba Connecticut,4 out of 5,Smooth and worth the price,Smooth and worth the price
New Cuba Connecticut,4 out of 5,New cuba,Good stick
New Cuba Connecticut,4 out of 5,I like the way they,"I like the way they burn and the taste. I haven't finished the 15 cigars yet but one had a hole along the side and would not draw so I through it away, it way poorly wrapped, however the other 5 have been fine and hopefully the remainder will too."
New Cuba Fuerte,4 out of 5,Good Everydayer,"Not too harsh
Good every day cigar
Enjoyed mine profusely"
New Cuba Fuerte,5 out of 5,Very Nice Esp for the,Very Nice Esp for the price
New Cuba Fuerte,5 out of 5,a good cigar for the,a good cigar for the price!
New Cuba Fuerte,4 out of 5,"Pretty good, for the price","Pretty good, for the price"
New Cuba Fuerte,5 out of 5,Impressive,This was a surprise. First the cigar looks great and feels good to the touch. The draw is easy and it you get the taste rather quickly. I've paid a lot more for a lot less. I keep a supply with my other favorites. There is consistency. Take the ring off and give one to a friend and if the taste and strength is of their liking well they will ask for a second.
New Cuba Fuerte,5 out of 5,Good,Excellent cigar
New Cuba Fuerte,5 out of 5,Flavor/Value,Looks and tastes like a full bodied premium at half the cost...a humidor keeper!
New Cuba Fuerte,5 out of 5,Hidden Gem!,Wow! This cigar is fantastic! Mild-medium and very smooth 10/10!
New Cuba Fuerte,5 out of 5,New Cuba Fuerte,Good cigar
New Cuba Maduro,3 out of 5,Good taste and feel but,Good taste and feel but hard to draw
New Cuba Maduro,5 out of 5,"NEW CUBA MADURO, very nice surprise!!!","I have smoked the New Cuba Corojo cigars for quite a while and really liked them... so when i saw the new Maduro New Cuba i was eager to try them, and they didn't disappoint me. I have had a minor problem with the wrappers cracking open, but that is no big deal as far as i am concerned. I have given my last batch some humidor time and they are now even better. New Cuba is a cheap cut-filler cigar, but they sure could pass for a premium cigar in my opinion. I think i will try some of the Robusto size in these on my next order...Thanks, very much, CI. ..... Delivery times from CI have been super quick also."
New Cuba Maduro,4 out of 5,Nice cigar for the money,Makes it easy to enjoy daily. Might get a loose wrapping occasionally but the burn is consistent and a decent flavor makes up for that. I like them.
New Cuba Maduro,4 out of 5,Islander,This is not a premium cigar but definitely a good tasting cigar. Let it sit in a properly conditioned and normal functioning humidor and enjoy this cigar at a good price. I'm just hoping that this review will not drive the price upward.
Nica Libre,5 out of 5,Well constructed - burns evenly,Well constructed - burns evenly and has a great taste to the end. Goes well with a evening drink on the porch!
Nica Libre,5 out of 5,Excellent cigars,Excellent cigars
Nica Libre,3 out of 5,Just ok.,Just ok.
Nica Libre,5 out of 5,Tasty,Very nice smoke love it
Nica Libre,4 out of 5,Good cigar.,Good cigar.
Nica Libre,3 out of 5,Nice & smooth well constructed,Nice & smooth well constructed enjoyable smoke!
Nica Libre,5 out of 5,Good go-to cigar,Quickly becoming one of my favorites.
Nica Libre,4 out of 5,Nica Libre,Nice cigar. Good flavor. Good burn. Just needs some time in a humidifier.
Nica Libre,5 out of 5,Great every day smoke,"This is a favorite smoke of mine. Great ash, great burn"
Nica Libre,4 out of 5,These are the worst!!!😜,"These cigars are terrible. The worst I've ever had. That being said I'm willing to do my part for humanity. Since I have already had the dread experience of tasting these cigars hundreds of times, I will be willing to spare those who have ordered them but have been lucky enough to not have smoked them yet. You can send them all to me and I will dispose of them properly. It's the least I can do."
Nica Libre,5 out of 5,great cigar,"This cigar was one of the best i had in a long time, easy draw slow burn and great taste"
Nica Libre,5 out of 5,One of the best tastes,One of the best tastes in a cigar I've had for a while.
Nica Libre,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Nica Libre,5 out of 5,Dark,Great flaver
Nica Libre,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,Wish I could afford to smoke them more often !!
Nica Libre,5 out of 5,Very good cigars and was,Very good cigars and was happy on the delivery.
Nica Libre,4 out of 5,Love'em,Love'em
Nica Libre,5 out of 5,Very nice box cigar -,Very nice box cigar - clean burn - good taste especially with your favorite drink
Nica Libre,4 out of 5,My favorite go to cigar,this is a medium priced cigar with high end quality
Nica Libre,3 out of 5,Nica libre,"Consistent smoke all the way through. Well made, pleasant smoke. Good everyday smoke. I Do keep them in the humidor."
Nica Libre,5 out of 5,A very tasteful.cigars.,"I am satisfied with the products..I enjoy every bit of it.
Wonderful blend and flavor"
Nica Libre,5 out of 5,My Take on Nica Libre,"Since I am an older smoker, I need to buy on a budget. This cigar fits the bill for my wallet and is a pleasant smoke."
Nica Libre,4 out of 5,Good quality,This cigar smoke well. It pairs nice with bourbon
Nica Libre,4 out of 5,Needs to be smoked with care,"Great cigar. The box press is nice, holds 9n the hand well. I do recommend to carefully toast the foot and light it gently. Also take long slow draw. Fantastic cigar but needs to be smoked with care otherwise it would be 5 star"
Nica Libre,5 out of 5,Tried a 5 pack and liked it,Nice burn and tastes great
Nica Libre,5 out of 5,Nica Libre Cigars,the Nica Libre Cigar is my #1 Cigar . You are the only distributor that has them - Thank You.
Nica Libre,5 out of 5,Keep the prices the same,Keep the prices the same
Nica Libre,5 out of 5,Nica libre Toro lighter,Very good. Five star
Nica Libre,3 out of 5,Id say try it,Is it a cigar to really dig through the mud for no. But is it reliable affordable and tastes well yes. I give it three stars because its not super complex or overly special but its good for what it is.
Nica Libre,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"This one surprised me. Nice, even burn, great taste!"
Nica Libre,5 out of 5,A smoker's delight,"Wow! Folks, this was one extraordinary cigar. Loved every puff. Very easy draw. Great taste with lots of smoke. Mild and smooth, a smoker's delight. Used a 7 mm punch cutter."
Nica Libre,4 out of 5,Fair smoke,Fair smoke
Nica Libre,5 out of 5,One of the best I've,One of the best I've smoked recently. They don't leave a nasty taste in your mouth as most of them do.
Nica Libre,5 out of 5,Reminds me of a Padron.,"These are very tasty cigars especially for the price. Unfortunately, CI increased the price of Nica Libre's 20% recently."
Nica Libre,4 out of 5,Great Smoke,Full flavored without overpowering strength. Awesome quality for price!
Nica Libre,5 out of 5,Try them and see why they stay backordered or out of stock!,Just bought my first box. Been buying samplers for a while. These Nica libres have become my go-to cigars of choice. They never let me down.
Nica Libre,5 out of 5,"Definitely, worth a try.",Somewhat stout flavor and nicely box-pressed shape. Slightly lengthier than your average cigar.
Nica Libre,4 out of 5,Good Smoke,A real dandy evening smoke while kickin' back with a few Capt.Morgans. Then I go to sleep dreaming about doin it again the next night. A real good smoke.
Nica Libre,5 out of 5,Love 'em!,A truly enjoyable indulgence!!
Nica Libre,5 out of 5,great stick,"excellent flavor not too harsh, the cigar that got me into cigars in the first place"
Nica Libre,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar for the Money,One of the best cigars for the money. Good draw & medium body & excellent taste.
Nica Libre,4 out of 5,One of my favorites,"Nica Libre has the flavor I like without paying an arm and a leg. Always consistent in draw and to me that’s a real plus . No draw poking ever needed. Everyone has different tastes,but this one works just fine for me. I’ll continue to buy them until they get overpriced."
Nica Libre,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,These are a true value play. Each one being very consistent in rich flavor and tons of creamy smoke. The draw is always easy and burn well. A great daily smoke.
Nica Libre,3 out of 5,Good value for the money,It's a decent daily. I'd be curious to see what they might become with a little time in the humidor.
Nica Libre,4 out of 5,"good burn, medium, chocolate throughout","good burn, medium, chocolate throughout"
Nica Libre,3 out of 5,Decent smoke,Decent smoke
Nica Libre,5 out of 5,First try,Very good cigar. I'll be buying more.
Nica Libre,4 out of 5,"Awesome cigar, great value","I very much enjoyed this cigar. It was a lot smoother than I expected and had amazing flavor profile throughout the smoke that change a few times but in a very pleasant subtle way. They were well kept when I revived them and my friends I gave my extras to loved them. I try one if I like it i recommend it to coworkers and give them one. This is one I passed on and will most likely order more in the future.
I don’t have anything negitive to say, the only reason I am only giving it 4 is that I have had better that are among my favorites, and while the flavor is good it isn’t at the top for me.
I would recommend these to any cigar enthusiast to at least try."
Nica Libre,5 out of 5,Good cigar,"This is one of my favorite cigars, good flavor and good draw. I have smoked hundreds of these cigars. any time they are on sale, I stock up."
Nica Libre,3 out of 5,Good for the course,Good cigars for the golf course or anything that requires concentration so you don't have to think about the smoke.
Nica Libre Esteli Especial,4 out of 5,"not bad, a bit dry.","not bad, a bit dry. (after sitting in 65 humidity for a while)"
Nica Libre Esteli Especial,4 out of 5,"Nica Libre Esteli Especial Torpedo,",A very good smoke. Nicely roled and smooth draw throughout.
Nica Libre Potencia,4 out of 5,Great stick!,"Great stick! Its filled more densely than the standard Nica Libre, which I personally prefer better. Tough to beat the price on this too on this one."
Nica Libre Potencia,4 out of 5,Good smoke.,Good smoke.
Nica Libre Potencia,5 out of 5,Best,This is my favorite smoke.
Nica Libre Potencia,5 out of 5,Hoooo E,"Not a beginner stick. Take it slow or the ligero will get you swetty. Overall superb flavor, right on the verge of too much for me. Pepper cocoa cedar earth in rich quantities I plan to mellow them out. Slim draw and hard ash will benefit."
Nica Libre Potencia,5 out of 5,Nice Libra,Nice
Nica Libre Potencia,5 out of 5,Smooth,A very nice full body cigar that doesn't break the bank.
Nica Libre Potencia,5 out of 5,Nica Libre Potencia,"I love Nica Libre cigars. As the name implies, these Potencia are more full bodied. Great Taste!"
Nica Libre Potencia,2 out of 5,Rough,Had high hopes but too strong for me.
Nica Libre Potencia,3 out of 5,Dark chocolate,"Strong cigar, tightly built dark chocolate flavor. Good every day cigar"
Nica Libre Potencia,4 out of 5,Nica libre,"Good flavor
Some sticks tended to canoe on the smoke.
I’d buy again"
Nica Libre Potencia,4 out of 5,A Winner!,"This is definitely one of my personal faves! A great smoke, smooth yet full of flavor, and in the robusto size it's perfect for when you don't have a lot of time to burn a longer smoke."
Nica Libre Potencia,3 out of 5,President,"Hard packed, slow, tough draw, smoking cigar!"
Nica Libre Potencia,5 out of 5,Great size and taste!!,"This cigar is a great buy since it is the best tasting cigar I have had in a long time. Great construction and full body, but nedium taste and flavor makes this a good one to try."
Nica Libre Potencia,5 out of 5,Never disappointed with a Nica,Never disappointed with a Nica Libra
Nica Libre Potencia,4 out of 5,Nica libre potencia,"Great smoke, would probably like the toro size better but very good cigar"
Nica Libre Potencia,5 out of 5,Potencia,Great smoke. Rich and little sweet. Good stuff
Nica Libre Potencia,4 out of 5,Generally good,"First stick out of the box was hard to draw but smokable. Second stick was impossible and was discarded. Third was good. Fourth has been the best. Flavor is very good. These are slightly stronger then their box pressed cousins. They lost a star because of the draw inconsistency. Otherwise, their great."
Nica Libre Potencia,4 out of 5,Cigar,Cigar has a good taste but it's was little dry.
Nica Libre Potencia,4 out of 5,Ligero leaf,Good smoke volume.
Nica Libre Potencia,4 out of 5,Pica nica,"Great smoke, I prefer the nice libre robusto. I try it again after it ages a bit"
Nica Libre Silver 25th Anniversary,4 out of 5,A great cigar for a great price,"A very flavorful smoke, well constructed and burns evenly"
Nica Libre Silver 25th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar,"Very good pull, great flavors and very good choice for the Golf course."
Nica Libre Silver 25th Anniversary,4 out of 5,"Good draw,good flavors. Relaxing smoke!","Good draw,good flavors. Relaxing smoke!
P.S.
How about some perks for these reviews?"
Nica Libre Silver 25th Anniversary,4 out of 5,Exceptionally good smoke,"Great burn and flavor
Great for early mornings with coffee
Gets better with age"
Nica Libre Silver 25th Anniversary,5 out of 5,One of the best,"Unreal value. I'd put against and ""anniversary"" edition. Great great smoke."
Nica Libre Silver 25th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Valued gourmet cigar,"Great burn, drag, construction and taste."
Nica Libre Silver 25th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Delivers the good,"Fullbody without being aggressive, dense without being a tough draw.
Slow burner that lasts longer than other cigars this size.
Would definitely purchase again."
Nica Libre Silver 25th Anniversary,4 out of 5,Almost 5 stars,"Almost a 5 Star but the double wrapper is a total pain in the ash to remove.
Had to have used Gorilla glue on them????"
Nica Libre Silver 25th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Excellent gar wish I could,Excellent gar wish I could afford them more often
Nica Libre Silver 25th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Silver Torpedo,Great smoke and quite a surprise. Premium cigar and a super price.
Nica Libre Silver 25th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Tasty Choco Earth Bomb,"Closest they have come to the Padron taste. Are these full body? I think medium to full at best. The thing that stands out to me: After the initial light and good pepper blast immediately these are smooth, aged tobacco smooth. That's what this line seems to miss when it comes to being a so called Padron killer. I think I like these better than the thousand series padron. Is it a 1926 rival? Noooo, but dang these are choco earth bombs with light pepper all the way to the band. Didn't have too much strength either, but I smoke some full body stuff. Highly recommend these. Good job."
Nica Libre Silver 25th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Top 5,"Recently added this to my top 5 favorites. I love the Hanbano wrapper -- dark, hearty, and rugged. The unlit cigar is even a great experience, with aromas of dried fruit, honeysuckle and incense. The lit cigar is a top notch experience, with an even burn, dark, complex flavors, and it never loses that little bloom of dry fruit. Really an outstanding and compelling smoke."
Nica Libre Silver 25th Anniversary,5 out of 5,You Gotta Try These,5 stars construction draw burn taste. Delicious complexity of toasty nutty earthy spice with just a little tangy espresso. Leaves a little smack of pepper. Burns slow cool and even. Buttery smooth. Really terrific.
Nica Libre Silver 25th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Best Nica Libre (IMHO),"Good build, burn and smoke!"
Nica Libre Silver 25th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Nica Libre Silver,Smooth start to finish. Very pleasant and fresh!!
Nica Libre Silver 25th Anniversary,5 out of 5,great,heavy duty
Nica Libre Silver 25th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Jalepeno cigars,My husband loved them. He could feel the heat/burn on his lips. Not to hot though. He said they were wrapped well & took a bit to light. Which he says is a well made cigar.
Nica Libre Silver 25th Anniversary,5 out of 5,one of the best sticks,one of the best sticks yet
Nica Libre Silver 25th Anniversary,4 out of 5,well made cigar good draw,"well made cigar good draw no side burning,a little pricey but worth it."
Nica Libre Silver 25th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Killer Diller,"First off, the shape and structure is without peer. Great taste, even burn."
Nica Libre Silver 25th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Nica Libre 25th,One of my top 5 smokes
Nica Libre Silver 25th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar,My usual smoke is a regular Nica Libre so I thought I'd try these. Fantastic cigar. Great draw. Great taste. Excellent price for this quality. I would buy these again
Nica Libre Silver 25th Anniversary,5 out of 5,nicalibre torpedo,Good strong cigar
Nica Libre Silver 25th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Good cigars,Good pull full flavor good smoke
Nica Libre Silver 25th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Great everyday stick,Leave in the humi for a couple of months and the flavor explodes !
Nica Libre Silver 25th Anniversary,2 out of 5,I smoked one so far,I smoked one so far and it wasn't that good it had a harsh taste. I'm going to let them rest in the humidor for a while and hope it smooths out.
Nica Libre Silver 25th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Love'em!!!!,Love'em!!!!
Nica Libre Silver 25th Anniversary,5 out of 5,the very best of the best.,"What a GREAT CIGAR, this is the one that I've been looking for, this is one awesome cigar , please keep them in stock."
Nica Libre Silver 25th Anniversary,5 out of 5,OUTSTANDING.,"One of the very best cigars i've smoked , they are outstanding ."
Nica Libre Silver 25th Anniversary,4 out of 5,"Nice cigar, good flavor","Nice cigar, good flavor"
Nica Libre Silver 25th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar for the price!,Excellent Cigar for the price!
Nica Libre Silver 25th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Suprising,Nice smooth draw - consistent burn. Nice find.
Nica Libre Silver 25th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Wish i smoked these 25 years ago.,Great flavors and taste the entire smoke.
Nica Libre Silver 25th Anniversary,4 out of 5,Nice draw and nice burn,Nice draw and nice burn taste good
Nica Libre Silver 25th Anniversary,5 out of 5,A nice FULL body cigar,"A nice FULL body cigar enjoyed them on my 52 nd. Anniversary cruise
on the beautiful Harmony of the seas"
Nica Libre Silver 25th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Good smokes and good to,Good smokes and good to share
Nica Libre Silver 25th Anniversary,5 out of 5,At least a 5 pack in your humidor,This is best stick in the Nica Libre line. A great smoke that always delivers
Nica Libre Silver 25th Anniversary,3 out of 5,Not bad,"This cigar was average in flavor., no real outstanding characteristics. Sorry guys. Don't know if the box pressed all t he oil and flavor out of it or what, but I'll pass on this one."
Nica Libre Silver 25th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Ranks with far more expensive cigars,Extremely fine cigar. Flavor is there and superb. One of finest i have enjoyed. And have for over 40 years. Well worth the price.
Nica Libre Silver 25th Anniversary,5 out of 5,A rich deep but smooth,A rich deep but smooth taste with an even burn and easy draw.
Nica Libre Silver 25th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,"Bought this cigar in a promotion and never expected to like it so much! Smooth, well constructed,an overall winner."
Nica Libre Silver 25th Anniversary,5 out of 5,awesome,tight roll.....full body
Nica Libre Silver 25th Anniversary,4 out of 5,Not bad,Not bad
Nica Libre Silver 25th Anniversary,4 out of 5,Good Smoke; Great Price Range,Great Everyday Cigar !
Nica Libre Silver 25th Anniversary,1 out of 5,Cheaply Made,Cheap and does not close without a struggle...needless to say I returned it.
Nica Libre Silver 25th Anniversary,5 out of 5,My favorite,"This cigar is delicious one of my favorites
I got them on sale
$3 Piece. I smoke em down to the smallest nun and I flicked the ash once
Perfect burn
Clouds of smoke"
Nica Libre Silver 25th Anniversary,4 out of 5,Nica Libre Silver,Good quality cigar
Nica Libre Silver 25th Anniversary,4 out of 5,Good Stick,"The 25th has been a good solid stick so far. I’ve only smoked 3 out a 10pk that I purchased. So far construction has been on point and burn has been very even.All three have a strong spice flavor with a touch of toast and nuts. I’m gonna give the 7 remaining sticks some time in the humi before I fire up another. I really believe that with a little rest these already good sticks could explode into something great. In my opinion you can never go wrong with Nica Libre(budget mans Padron),there smokes always satisfy and really hit their mark especially at their price point. Yes, I would definitely recommend the 25th Anniversary."
Nica Libre Silver 25th Anniversary,4 out of 5,Really good cigar,This was my first time enjoying a Nica Libre Silver 25th Anniversary Torpedo and it was really good. From the start to the finish it was smooth and full of great flavor. I’ll reorder.
Nica Libre Silver 25th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Very Good !!,Ordered there as a checkout suggestion. Glad I did. One of the best cigars I;ve smoked in a long time. Ordering more.
Nica Libre x AGANORSA,5 out of 5,Nica Libre Aganorsa Toro,I originally got one of these in a sample pack and was pleasantly surprised and it is now one of my favorite weekend smokes. Good job CI.
Nica Libre x AGANORSA,5 out of 5,Nica Libre By Aganorsa,My favorite every day cigar. Just right.
Nica Libre x AGANORSA,4 out of 5,Good flavor,Enjoyed this cigar very good flavor and a good draw.
Nica Libre x AGANORSA,5 out of 5,Great stick,Great stick
Nica Libre x AGANORSA,4 out of 5,Nice surprise,"Tried these on a hunch. I have smoked Nica Libre before and the collaboration intrigued me. I was not disappointed. A solid, muscular smoke but not overwhelming. An unpretentious, better than everyday smoke. Aganarosa Leaf is on to something. I'm trying the Connecticut now with similar satisfaction. And they're fairly priced."
Nica Libre x AGANORSA,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,Reasonable price
Nica Libre x AGANORSA,4 out of 5,Nice smoke even burn,Nice smoke even burn
Nica Libre x AGANORSA,5 out of 5,EXCELLENT!,"This is an excellent cigar which I received in a recent Cigar of the Month Club order. Solid construction, a rich flavor, fantastic aroma, and a nice slow even burn down to the nub. I will be adding more of these to my humidor. I highly recommend!"
Nica Libre x AGANORSA,5 out of 5,My favorite,"Nica libre is one of my favorite cigars, I like heavy taste and this definitely has a dark and heavy taste to it."
Nica Libre x AGANORSA,4 out of 5,Nica Libre By Aganorsa,"Very good cigar, full flavor, gets spicy, peppery, hot in the final third."
Nicaragua Cream,5 out of 5,Pretty good stog!,Pretty good stog!
Nicaragua Cream,5 out of 5,Good cigar.,Good cigar.
Nicaragua Cream,3 out of 5,"Good Cigar, burns even ,","Good Cigar, burns even , easy draw"
Nicaragua Cream,5 out of 5,Great Cigars,Great Cigars
Nicaragua Cream,4 out of 5,Everyday smoke,"Good everyday cigar, a bit of a bite at the end but great for the price."
Nicaragua Cream,3 out of 5,Everyday,good everyday cigar at a low price.
Nicaragua Cream,5 out of 5,Smooth & Mellow,"Good, even burn right out of the bundle. Nice draw and very pleasant aroma down to the nub. This is (in my humble opinion) one of the best cigars FOR THE MONEY from CI. On my 4th pack of 25 and so far not one disappointment. I highly recommend this stick!"
Nicaragua Cream,5 out of 5,great taste and great value,great taste and great value
Nicaragua Cream,4 out of 5,nicaraguan cream,"I liked these, not overwhelming taste but a nice smoke. will order them again!"
Nicaragua Cream,5 out of 5,5 stars,One of my favorite cigars. Very nice mild blend.
Nicaragua Cream,4 out of 5,Burns evenly and is nice,Burns evenly and is nice and mild
Nicaragua Cream,5 out of 5,Superb!!,"I first tried the Nicaraguan Cream torpedo several months ago. I got them on sale. Although the ""torpedo"" is not my favorite shape I loved them. I soon ordered the ""toro"" (6x54) which size and shape is more to my liking. They were on back order and I had to wait a number of months for them to come in...and they are well worth the wait!! These cigars were not on sale yet they only cost $1.30 each.They are well balanced and; you can expect moments of luscious cream as well as moments of flavorful spice. They burn fairly well and I have found them to be constructed well. Without any doubt these are my favorite inexpensive cigar. What' more is that everyone I have introduced to this cigar love it as well! I strongly recommend this one!"
Nicaragua Cream,4 out of 5,Mostly good,"Nice flavor, but occasionally wrapped too tight. Still, an excellent bargain."
Nicaragua Cream,5 out of 5,The flavor I enjoy,The flavor I enjoy
Nicaragua Cream,4 out of 5,Nicaragua Crea,"Great daily smoker and the price is right! Thank you, CI."
Nicaragua Cream,3 out of 5,Cream,Smooth mellow smoke with nice finish
Nicaragua Cream,5 out of 5,Good smoke at a great price,"These are very good smokes...especially for the price!! While I have had better, I've had to pay at least 3 times the price for them. I will certainly be ordering more of these! They are smooth and very flavorful. Next time I want to try the Toro simply because they are fatter and don't have the torpedo tip. If you are looking for an everyday smoke you can't go wrong with these."
Nicaragua Cream,3 out of 5,Decent Stick,I have found the first bundle of Nicaraguan Creme cigars to be a decent knock around smoke and a good value.
Nicaragua Cream,4 out of 5,Worth the price,Worth the price
Nicaragua Cream,5 out of 5,Works for me,Would do it again
Nicaragua Cream,5 out of 5,"Smooth, Cream after-taste!",5
Nicaragua Cream,5 out of 5,Very good.,Very good.
Nicaragua Cream,3 out of 5,So So,loose packed smoke....very average at best!
Nicaragua Cream,3 out of 5,Average smoke and taste.,Average smoke and taste.
Nicaragua Cream,3 out of 5,Good daily smoke,"I’ve seen the reviews on uneven burn, I’d say 1 out of every 10 do. Not a bad smoke for the price. Good for when the guys come over so you can hang onto your premium sticks."
Nicaragua Cream,4 out of 5,nice mild/ med. cigar at,nice mild/ med. cigar at a affordable price
Nicaragua Cream,4 out of 5,Good Every day Cigar,"I like the Cream Series from the Espinosa Cigar family. I do Like the Dominican Cream a little better, but both are good cheap cigars at a great price."
Nicaragua Cream,5 out of 5,Smooth and priced Right!,"If you enjoy smooth and mellow, these are for you! Great price for an even better smoke(cigar)! Nice burn time as well. Great for anytime you just want to relax for about 20-30 mins!!"
Nicaragua Cream,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Nicaragua Cream,3 out of 5,nice smoke,"these are decent smokes, flavor good, price good...somewhat inconsistent in roll as a good number are soft and come apart easily."
Nicaragua Cream,2 out of 5,Inconsistent burn,"Tends to burn uneven. Robust taste but with a touch sour note. However, very good price. Good for on the golf course."
Nicaragua Cream,3 out of 5,They're just a good everyday,They're just a good everyday smoke
Nicaragua Cream,4 out of 5,Very good smooth smoke,Very good smooth smoke
Nicaragua Cream,4 out of 5,Mike,Good daily cigar for the money. I’ll buy them again.
Nicaragua Cream,5 out of 5,Flavor and smoothness,"This was a surprise. Got the 2fer offer, just to fill up the humidor, but was surprised with the taste and smoothness. I am not saying that, this is better than an Oliva, but, for the price, you can't go wrong and it's a good, everyday smoke. I got out the first stick and smoked it till I almost burned my lip. This is definitely a good choice."
Nicaragua Cream,3 out of 5,tasty but dry,"I found them tasty but dry, Several of the would split"
Nicaragua Cream,3 out of 5,good everyday smoke smooth,Enjoying my first one from brown bag been in the humidador for a bit nice smooth smoke... nice mild everyday smoke good draw I would buy again...
Nicaragua Cream,4 out of 5,Nicaragua Cream Toro,"Well, for what I paid for them, who could really complain? Not me! First one right out of the package was a little off, but other than that, the draw had been pretty smooth and a good all around cigar for the money!"
Nicaragua Cream,3 out of 5,Not the best budget priced choice.,"I prefer a little stronger cigar. Burn can be very different from one cigar to another, probably will not buy again."
Nicaragua Cream,5 out of 5,Great everyday cigars,I love these cigars. A great go to smoke for when you want a cigar to puff on. I will keep buying these to keep my humidor filled. A great value for the price. Super smooth and tasty.
Nicaragua Cream,1 out of 5,Wrapped to tight...no draw,I bought these because they was out of the Dominican cream I try to smoke 3 there was no draw on the cigar ended up sending them back and getting credit
Nicaragua Cream,3 out of 5,You get what you pay for.,"For the price this is an OK smoke. This is a mild cigar with an inconsistent burn, you never know how the one you are lighting will smoke."
Nicaragua Cream,3 out of 5,"Good smoke, if a little uneven.","These have a decent enough flavor, and are enjoyable enough when they draw. However, so far it's been a mixed bag as the whether or not the cigars draw easily or if it's difficult to draw off of. I'm still only a few cigars into a box of 25, so if I find that my first few were just an unlucky coincidence I'll change my review."
Nicaragua Cream,5 out of 5,Surprising Find!!!,"I have really been impressed with the taste, draw, and overall quality of this value cigar. All of my cigar smoking friends who have tried it enjoyed the fresh, mild taste and always ask where they can buy it. They are also surprised with the price. I will continue to buy as long as CI continues to sell it!"
Nicaragua Cream,4 out of 5,Good Cigar and good value,Good everyday smoke at a great price. Fuller than the Dominican Cream and I Peter it at the end of the day or after a meal. Burns evenly with decent smoke. I recommend it for a golf outing or passing around to your cigar bumming friends.
Nicaragua Cream,5 out of 5,Good ciar,A good smoke
Nicaragua Cream,5 out of 5,It's a nice smooth smoke,It's a nice smooth smoke that's one of my favorite ones since I tried it
Nicaragua Cream,5 out of 5,92 rated....on the budget cigar scale,These cigars have a great wrapper and wonderful taste for what they cost. Ash and burn are lousy but at these prices who cares!
Nicaragua Cream,4 out of 5,Good cigar for the price,Good cigar for the price
Nicaragua Cream,2 out of 5,Harsh taste,Harsh taste
Nicaraguan Gordo 2nds,5 out of 5,Really good,"I ordered these to give them a try strictly for the price special on Cigar FU. Truly a great smoke for the money and a great value! You need to try these, they are a great everyday smoke to rotate into your humidor."
Nicaraguan Gordo 2nds,4 out of 5,Kicking 2nds,Nice 2nds with a kick and doesn’t break the bank.
Nicaraguan Gordo 2nds,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,"Great cigar, very close to the Nub Habano, I will be buying these and others of this brand to keep in my rotation of cigars. Price is great and they smoke very well."
Nicaraguan Gordo 2nds,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"I have purchased these cigars several times, and I have found that the only time the cigars did not meet expectations, the fault was mine. I did not have them humidified correctly. When treated right, I found the cigars to be excellent, especially for the price. Very tasty, held the ash and smoked cool. No complaints here."
Nicaraguan Gordo 2nds,5 out of 5,gordo,Great every day cigar
Nicaraguan Gordo 2nds,4 out of 5,Great Value!!,3 1/2 stars. Good everyday cigar for a great price. Good for a quick smoke. I will definitely purchase again when they come back in stock
Nicaraguan Gordo 2nds,5 out of 5,Tasty quick smoke,"I like to try other cigars quite a bit. That is how I found my favorite that I have been smoking for some years now. However, ordered 1 bundle of these as they were offered and fell in love with this cigar. Has not replaced my favorite, but it is a close second. It has a great taste and it is a quick smoke. Next order was 5 bundles and now I am ordering more."
Nicaraguan Gordo 2nds,5 out of 5,Cannot tell a lie,"Crazy good for the price. I have bought these multiple times. Great taste, great burn, long slow cool draws. Was half tempted not to write a review just so you guys wouldn't buy them all up. lol I can leave these out in my ""public"" humidor for when friends come and they get a great smoke and it doesn't cost me much, or smoke them myself when I don't have a full 2 hours to burn."
Nicaraguan Gordo 2nds,5 out of 5,The Authority on Cheap Cigars,"These are delicious little cigars, Super tasty, I like the great wrapper.It burns great and great flavor throughout!"
Nicaraguan Gordo 2nds,5 out of 5,Excellent!,"Have come to love these cigars--short, punchy, noce any time of the day."
Nicaraguan Gordo 2nds,5 out of 5,Good deal,Cheaper than Nubs and a bit more strength.
Nicaraguan Gordo 2nds,5 out of 5,Undervalued stick of heaven,"this is the surprise of our purchase, read the reviews and went for it. For the price it is a MUST BUY again, and again! anyone on the fence, buy it now and if you don't like it, ill give you my address so I can finish them for you, as all palate's are different."
Nicaraguan Gordo 2nds,5 out of 5,Love these!,Short and tasty--excellent quick smoke.
Nicaraguan Gordo 2nds,5 out of 5,Flavor at budget prices,Compares very favorably with banded products ... regardless of brand. Good flavor from the start and burns well to a stub. Tasty! A little more time in the humidor will yield even more. Hard to wait!
Nicaraguan Gordo 2nds,4 out of 5,A great buy,This cigar packs a wallop in the satisfaction department. I gave it only 4 stars because it ended too quickly. Great value
Nicaraguan Gordo 2nds,5 out of 5,Good enough for the likes of me,"Though not sophisticated or elegant in flavor, it's above average, and good as a (relatively) quick smoke. In the medium range, with consistent good draw and construction. 5-stars, for what it is ... not a boutique cigar."
Nicaraguan Gordo 2nds,4 out of 5,Conneticuts with a kick,This is my second order of these really good short robusto's. They have a little bite at the beginning but smooth out before the end. They draw well and burn even. A real bargain for the price.
Nicaraguan Gordo 2nds,5 out of 5,Great daily smoker,This has become my go to lunch time cigar. I have had 3 of the 4 wrappers and was very pleased. Would recommend. Will continue to order again.
Nicaraguan Gordo 2nds,5 out of 5,All the flavor for half the price!,"Nice soft start. Sweet undertone from the first puff. A little harshness at about 25%, but this first smoke was right out of the shipping box. I expect a much smoother smoke after a few weeks in the humidor. Compares well with the banded versions that I've smoked. Good smoke, good ash. Good to a stub. Medium throughout with a little spice in the background."
Nicaraguan Gordo 2nds,5 out of 5,Great!,Great price for a great smoke
Nicaraguan Gordo 2nds,4 out of 5,Good cigar,"I am a fan of theses smooth drawing,full flavor chunkies! Great price too."
Nicaraguan Gordo 2nds,4 out of 5,Gordo,Decent smoke and slow burn in high wind.
Nicaraguan Gordo 2nds,5 out of 5,Great mild short cigar!,Great mild cigar when you are short on time. No bands on these cigars but they definitely come from a class act factory in Nicaragua.
Nicaraguan Gordo 2nds,4 out of 5,Good smoke at at Good price,The go to at work cigar. The price is right and smok is good for tose times when you can't sit and have a $10 cigar
Nicaraguan Gordo 2nds,3 out of 5,"Again, Great taste and great price!","3.5 stars. Also my daily smokes, and will continue to order in the future."
Nicaraguan Gordo 2nds,4 out of 5,"Great taste, great price!",Second order and will continue to order; these are my dailies...
Nicaraguan Gordo 2nds,5 out of 5,Good Cigar,Nice cigar
Nicaraguan Gordo 2nds,5 out of 5,Excellent,Many were ready to smoke . The flavor of the Nicaraguan fillers are one of my favorite.
Nicaraguan Gordo 2nds,5 out of 5,"Great cigar, great price","Some of the best cigars out there, at a quarter of the price they normally go for. Why WOULDN'T you pick these up?"
Nicaraguan Gordo 2nds,5 out of 5,Great little cugar,And at a great price
Nicaraguan Gordo 2nds,5 out of 5,Nice quick smoke,"Mild even burning, can light with a match"
Nicaraguan Gordo 2nds,4 out of 5,Great value,These are great value. I like the large ring size iand length. 90 minutes to smoke. Perfect size when tail gating. Well constructed. It is a little longer than Nub Cameroons 460s. And way cheaper. Probably not as good though .
Nicaraguan Gordo 2nds,3 out of 5,Ultra strong,I usually like a strong cigar…. but this one is really really strong!
Nicaraguan Gordo 2nds,4 out of 5,short cigar,I like my cigars. I like them on my front porch in my rocking chair usually at the end of the day and after supper. It has gotten cold here in TN. and this is a great short smoke that keeps me from freezing my *** off. Taste good also.
Nicaraguan Gordo 2nds,5 out of 5,These 2nds are a gem!,I was very impressed with flavor and burn of this little gem. Better than average.
Nicaraguan Gordo 2nds,5 out of 5,must have,love these. will continue to buy. No different then the real deal.
Nicaraguan Gordo 2nds,5 out of 5,Great buy!!!!,For the price you pay for these there is no complaints from me. I had 2 bad cigars out of the bunch but it was only a burn problem. The quality is superior! A few of the smokes were gems. I would say 92+.. I will be purchasing in the future.
Nicaraguan Gordo 2nds,5 out of 5,Tasty little fatties.,"A good way to smoke great cigars at a great price.
Will reorder soon."
Nicaraguan Gordo 2nds,5 out of 5,Oliva Gordo 2nds,Very enjoyable and mild tasting. Looking forward to my next bundle.
Nicaraguan Gordo 2nds,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar for the price. Not really fond of Connecticut wrapper but I would recommend these cigars.
Nicaraguan Gordo 2nds,5 out of 5,Just as good as the,"Just as good as the banded ones, will buy again"
Nicaraguan Gordo 2nds,4 out of 5,Gordo 2nds,"A bold, spicy, well made cigar at a good price."
Nicaraguan Gordo 2nds,5 out of 5,Good cigars,Good cigars
Nicaraguan Gordo 2nds,5 out of 5,definitely excellent,I recommended for those who love med-full cigar. I'll buy twice again
Nicaraguan Gordo 2nds,5 out of 5,Fattys,Great smoke for the price
Nicaraguan Gordo 2nds,5 out of 5,A NICE SMOKE.,NICE & EASY THANK'S
Nicaraguan Gordo 2nds,5 out of 5,GreT stick,Well worth the money!
Nicaraguan Gordo 2nds,4 out of 5,Short and Sweet,Perfect for a shorter smoke filled with flavor!
Nicaraguan Gordo 2nds,3 out of 5,ok for the $,not bad for cheap cigar....a bit harsh
Nicaraguan Gordo 2nds,2 out of 5,Gordos Short Lived,"I was very happy with the first half of each Gordo. But once I passed the half way point, they really began to burn hot and bite. It was very disappointing."
Nicaraguan Ligero-Laced 2nds,5 out of 5,Look elsewhere,"Don’t buy these...
Because I want them all for me!!"
Nicaraguan Ligero-Laced 2nds,5 out of 5,One of my favorite smokes ever.,"Great smoke period. No runs, no relighting, great flavor. Great roll. I will smoke these over almost anything else."
Nicaraguan Ligero-Laced 2nds,5 out of 5,Great smoke period,"Great all around smoke. No runs, no relighting, great rolls. Every time. Definately will keep these in the humidor."
Nicaraguan Ligero-Laced 2nds,5 out of 5,You Won't Be Disappointed,Fantastic cigar!
Nicaraguan Ligero-Laced 2nds,5 out of 5,What a smoke!,"What a great stick!
The cigar had everything I'm looking for in flavor, burn consistency, and overall Construction.
In my opinion the best cigar you can buy for that price."
Nicaraguan Ligero-Laced 2nds,4 out of 5,Don't let the Ligero-laced moniker fool you!,"I was pleasantly surprised by these sticks! Being laced with Ligero threw me at first. I know that Ligero is a full bodied and potent tobacco. I expected these to have a bit of a bite with a peppery hit on the finish. Brother was I wrong! The flavors were consistent and steady on the palate, coffee, earthy and a little dark Coco on the finish. It wasn't overpowering or bitter at all! I'm glad I took the gamble! I just re-ordered again yesterday and am waiting impatiently for delivery! I will enjoy these over the holidays after dinner with two fingers of Glenlivet or with my morning Bloody Mary! Thanks again CI, short money, great bargain, good cigars!"
Nicaraguan Ligero-Laced 2nds,5 out of 5,Finally back and I scored!,"I've been monitoring these ""2nd's"" for years because they're gone as soon as they come around. I just happened to check as I have periodically over the years. Ha! I scored the Liga M which is my favorite. Today is Nov. 1, 2018. Bought them 2 nights ago. Stock up boys. Might not be back for 2 years. If you like full bodied ligero Nics these are them. Nothing 2nd about them. Better than undercrowns imho."
Nicaraguan Sweets 2nds,1 out of 5,Not sweet,Sadly not sweet either.
Nicaraguan Sweets 2nds,1 out of 5,Not sweet at all,Was hoping these were 2nds of the CI Copper labels or similar cigars; sadly they are not. These will be giveaways if they even make it into the humidor.
Nimmy D by Nimish,4 out of 5,GIMME MORE NIMMY,"I had my first one but I am not going to BS you with notes of cedar or pepper or whatever. I truly enjoyed this stick. It could have been a little more robust BUT it stayed true to it's DNA and it drew well, burned well and provided a satisfying taste and smoking experience. I would not hesitate to have these in my stock."
Nimmy D by Nimish,5 out of 5,Very Good Cigar,I really enjoy the Nimmy D cigars! I've had a couple boxes of them now and the cigars are consistently good. They are well made and the flavors are great.
Nimmy D by Nimish,5 out of 5,Nimmy D - Love the flavor,"I smoke a cigar at the end of each day. I am no expert on flavors and still a novice when it comes to describing the flavors, but this cigar is by far my favorite. Its taste only gets better with each draw. By the time I have reached its end, I am wishing there was more. The only negative I have to offer is they do not always burn evenly. This is the cigar I compare all others to."
Nimmy D by Nimish,5 out of 5,Must buy,Excellent
Nub Cain FF by Oliva,4 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Nub Cain FF by Oliva,5 out of 5,My favorite everyday smoke,I really love the Nub perfect flavor and size! Just the right time commitment.
Nub Cain FF by Oliva,5 out of 5,"nice, smooth","nice, smooth"
Nub Cain FF by Oliva,5 out of 5,Spicey and consistent to the end,A fine smoke for the cigar aficionado who craves depth and spice. Always a hit at the fire pit.
Nub Cain FF by Oliva,4 out of 5,First time trying a Nub,First time trying a Nub Cain. I’m new to smoking cigars and this will definitely be one of my to go cigars. Will be looking forward to trying other Nubs.
Nub Cain FF by Oliva,5 out of 5,Consistent solid cigar,"Even burn, robust taste, great go-to cigar for the humidor"
Nub Cain FF by Oliva,5 out of 5,Excellent 👌👍 smoke,Excellent 👌👍 smoke
Nub Cain FF by Oliva,4 out of 5,"Good cigar, smooth, tight and","Good cigar, smooth, tight and dense."
Nub Cain FF by Oliva,5 out of 5,New favorite😀,"Why did I wait so long to get CainFF? Extra full body,extra full flavor,heavy peppery/earthy/sweet aroma,all perfectly balanced and a good 1 hr. plus,delicious!"
Nub Cain FF by Oliva,5 out of 5,wonderful,wonderful
Nub Cain FF by Oliva,5 out of 5,Awesome,Awesome
Nub Cain FF by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great cigar. I’m a big,Great cigar. I’m a big fan of Oliva cigars and the Cain series is excellent. One of my favorites is the Cain Daytona but the Cain FF nub is right up there
Nub Cain FF by Oliva,5 out of 5,Nub Cain FF,"One of the best Nubs ever! Deep, rich, spicy leathery tobacco. With a little care and a few minor touchups the ash never fell off. 70 minutes of cigar bliss."
Nub Cain FF by Oliva,5 out of 5,Oliva does it again!,This cigar falls in line with all of the Cain line. Strong enough with great flavor. A great 60.....75 min smoke.
Nub Cain FF by Oliva,5 out of 5,Dub FF,If Full body is what you like this is right up your alley 💯💯💯nice combo of flavors heavy smok really rich
Nub Cain FF by Oliva,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Had one out of the box and it was good but I will let them rest and hope for better
Nub Cain FF by Oliva,4 out of 5,Good cigars,Not bad for a casual cigar
Nub Cain FF by Oliva,5 out of 5,New Nub,A nice little bit of spiciness. Great draw. Salt and pepper ash.
Nub Cain FF by Oliva,4 out of 5,Very good small cigar.,Very good small cigar.
Nub Cain FF by Oliva,5 out of 5,Compact & potent!,Great full bodied smoke. Spicy. Not overbearing.
Nub Cain FF by Oliva,3 out of 5,Some were bitter,Some were bitter
Nub Cain FF by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great cigars,Great cigars
Nub Cain FF by Oliva,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good cigar. Very strong and spicy.
Nub Cain FF by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great small cigar,Nice flavor and very smooth burn.
Nub Cain FF by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great size,These are a great size for winter in Wisconsin. Great flavor in a small package.
Nub Cain FF by Oliva,4 out of 5,Good stick,Absolutely purchase again
Nub Cain FF by Oliva,4 out of 5,stubs,"very good smoke smooth taste , good burn"
Nub Cain FF by Oliva,4 out of 5,Great. Smoke!,Great. Smoke!
Nub Cain FF by Oliva,5 out of 5,Cigars,Awesome pack!
Nub Cain FF by Oliva,4 out of 5,A wonderful cigar at a,A wonderful cigar at a great price. I will surely have some in my humidor at all times.
Nub Cain FF by Oliva,3 out of 5,Ok smoke,Ok smoke
Nub Cameroon by Oliva,5 out of 5,Loved this Stick very good one ☝️,Best stick around for the price loved it.
Nub Cameroon by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Great price on a great cigar
Nub Cameroon by Oliva,5 out of 5,Super Smooth,my go2
Nub Cameroon by Oliva,5 out of 5,First time smoking a Nub!,"I had my first ever Nub tonight, late July 3rd into early July 4th, 2020. It was a Cameroon. This is a great cigar! I didn’t realize what I have been missing. The next chance I have to order, I'm planning on ordering these cigars."
Nub Cameroon by Oliva,5 out of 5,"Fast delivery, easy. Thanks","Fast delivery, easy. Thanks"
Nub Cameroon by Oliva,5 out of 5,Don't Snub the Nub,Great smoke. Cameroon gives a flavorful and consistent experience every time.
Nub Cameroon by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great price great cigar,Great price great cigar
Nub Cameroon by Oliva,5 out of 5,Only cigar for me.,Perfect size. Great burn and taste.
Nub Cameroon by Oliva,5 out of 5,Nub,Very good smoke
Nub Cameroon by Oliva,3 out of 5,"Not bad, Not my Favorite",Hmmm...Let this one sit in the humidor for a while before you think of enjoying it.
Nub Cameroon by Oliva,5 out of 5,Love the Nub!!,Love the Nub!!
Nub Cameroon by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Love them but also wish I could buy a variety box because they are all equally tasty.
Nub Cameroon by Oliva,5 out of 5,wonderful quick smoke,wonderful quick smoke
Nub Cameroon by Oliva,5 out of 5,MUY BUENO,Never wrong with NUB..
Nub Cameroon by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,"The nub’s have had a great start, follow through and finish, very good smoke! Great go to for a shorter smoke! Will buy them again!"
Nub Cameroon by Oliva,5 out of 5,perfect golfing companion,Great flavor for those that want a little more complexity than the Connecticut. I particularity like them when i play 9 holes.
Nub Cameroon by Oliva,4 out of 5,Good cigar for the price,Great Cigar!
Nub Cameroon by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great deals and cigar,Great deals and cigar
Nub Cameroon by Oliva,4 out of 5,Great,Great
Nub Cameroon by Oliva,5 out of 5,"Little smoke, big flavor","Great smoke! Even burn, plenty of flavor throughout."
Nub Cameroon by Oliva,4 out of 5,Barneys nub,Great burning cigar that lasts the perfect amount of time
Nub Cameroon by Oliva,5 out of 5,good,good
Nub Cameroon by Oliva,5 out of 5,"NUB in Cameroon, makes me swoon!",The NUB Cameroon was the only rated NUB until fairly recently but is still the highest rated NUB and it well deserves it. With a smoking time of 40+ minutes and so well constructed you don't need an ashtray until you are done. This is an amazing cigar you will continue to enjoy long after your first box is empty.
Nub Cameroon by Oliva,5 out of 5,Nubs,There made by Oliva that says it all. Paul
Nub Cameroon by Oliva,5 out of 5,Very Mellow and a great,Very Mellow and a great size.
Nub Cameroon by Oliva,5 out of 5,Nub Cameroon,Good price when on sale for the quality.
Nub Cameroon by Oliva,5 out of 5,Nub by Oliva 460 Cameroon,Great smoke...
Nub Cameroon by Oliva,5 out of 5,Awesome,Great Smoke at a great Price
Nub Cameroon by Oliva,5 out of 5,Nub Rules!!,"Great smoke, fabulous price! Half of what you’d pay in a cigar shop!!"
Nub Cameroon by Oliva,5 out of 5,Very good,Very good
Nub Cameroon by Oliva,5 out of 5,Nub by Oliva 460 Cameroon,"Great burn, size and flavor. That says it all. Give it a shot if you haven't already."
Nub Cameroon by Oliva,5 out of 5,Excellent,"Very good smoke, and excellent bargain!"
Nub Cameroon by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great cigar. Good burn. Little,Great cigar. Good burn. Little on the pricey side
Nub Cameroon by Oliva,5 out of 5,Do it!,"Great short smoke. Delicate wrapper, tons of flavor and flawless Oliva construction. Cameroon is my fave of the Nub line."
Nub Cameroon by Oliva,5 out of 5,..,"I was very impressed, a good burn, a find draw and excellent Aroma and taste with a glass of Chevis regal. A very fine cigar."
Nub Cameroon by Oliva,4 out of 5,NUB,Very Good. I have always enjoyed NUB! And the price was very reasonable.
Nub Cameroon by Oliva,5 out of 5,One of my favorites. Always,One of my favorites. Always consistent.
Nub Cameroon by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Enjoyed the cigar
Nub Cameroon by Oliva,5 out of 5,2 thumbs up,Very nice smoke. Great choice for a “short” break.
Nub Cameroon by Oliva,5 out of 5,Awesome smoke!,"NUB Cameroon is somewhat ""dry"" on the pallet but I like that. The flavor does not overwhelm & provides a very smooth experience. No aftertaste, finishes up dry & toasty. Definitely smoke mine down to the nub!"
Nub Cameroon by Oliva,5 out of 5,Good peppery flavor,Good peppery flavor
Nub Cameroon by Oliva,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent!
Nub Cameroon by Oliva,4 out of 5,Nub,Cigars arrived perfectly humidified. Good draw and smooth smoking cigar.
Nub Cameroon by Oliva,5 out of 5,NUB 358 Cameroon - Fresh Pouch,"Sometimes it just isn't convenient to have a humidor along, but these packs keep a NUB fresh for use when You want to enjoy one.
Of course, You have to make sure You don't crush or bend them when not in an humidor or travel case."
Nub Cameroon by Oliva,5 out of 5,Nubs,Great smoke!
Nub Cameroon by Oliva,4 out of 5,Nub Cigars,"Good cigar to enjoy with some cognac, smooth and has good taste."
Nub Cameroon by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Love the nub line
Nub Cameroon by Oliva,5 out of 5,Good,Good
Nub Cameroon by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great nub,So enjoyable just wish they were longer for even more enjoyment
Nub Cameroon by Oliva,5 out of 5,Nub,Great tasting cigar that rolled to perfection.
Nub Connecticut by Oliva,4 out of 5,They’re good,They’re good
Nub Connecticut by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great stick,Great stick
Nub Connecticut by Oliva,4 out of 5,Heavy price with good taste,The cigar is great. Short smoke. Lite and mild. Won’t leave your head and mouth feeling raw the next day. Way over priced
Nub Connecticut by Oliva,5 out of 5,Nub Connecticut,Can't go wrong with any of the Nubs. Connecticut is a nice everyday option.
Nub Connecticut by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great tasting cigar. Always stays,Great tasting cigar. Always stays lit. Smooth
Nub Connecticut by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great cigar too expensive,Great cigar too expensive
Nub Connecticut by Oliva,5 out of 5,Mild flavor-great cigar,Mild flavor-great cigar
Nub Connecticut by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke when time is limited; really smooth
Nub Connecticut by Oliva,5 out of 5,Perfect little Cigar,This cigar gives you the flavor right away.
Nub Connecticut by Oliva,5 out of 5,Best daily smoker,"Between cost, flavor and consistency you can't do better"
Nub Connecticut by Oliva,5 out of 5,top notch 👌,This little baby is perfect. Feels great. Wrapper and fillers are soft and smooth as silk. Real buttery and notes of pepper to me. Just give me a good deal on them already!
Nub Connecticut by Oliva,5 out of 5,ok,ok
Nub Connecticut by Oliva,5 out of 5,Tubo,Arrived on time. One cigar out of the box was unsmokeable. But that is acceptable
Nub Connecticut by Oliva,5 out of 5,The Nub 466,Great merchandise and timely delivery. Good business. This is my most common Go-To cigar.
Nub Connecticut by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great little cigar when time,Great little cigar when time is limited
Nub Connecticut by Oliva,5 out of 5,Just right...,"Right size, right flavor. Nice n mild, an easy, short smoke..."
Nub Connecticut by Oliva,5 out of 5,Good cigars,Easy draw slow burning mild tasting cigar
Nub Connecticut by Oliva,5 out of 5,Excellently,Excellently
Nub Connecticut by Oliva,5 out of 5,Always good,Always a good cigar
Nub Connecticut by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Nub Connecticut by Oliva,3 out of 5,It's light and smooth,"The wrapper and binder are very thin, cracks easily. It's light and smooth with a good draw, about halfway that's when the taste gets better down to an inch or so."
Nub Connecticut by Oliva,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Never go wrong with the Nub. One of my favorites.
Nub Connecticut by Oliva,5 out of 5,#1 Go to daily smoke,I've been smoking these since they were introduced Still my favorite daily smoke
Nub Connecticut by Oliva,4 out of 5,Decent Smokes,Do like these shorty's for a night on the patio.
Nub Connecticut by Oliva,5 out of 5,I buy these cigars quite,"I buy these cigars quite a bit, but RARELY get a discount offer for them. I would like to have a discount once in awhile, like the many other cigars you seek seem to have.
DZ"
Nub Connecticut by Oliva,5 out of 5,A MUST HAVE!!,A MUST HAVE!!
Nub Connecticut by Oliva,5 out of 5,Just right,These Nubs are perfect for an evening surrounding the backyard pizza oven. The Connecticut’s are exactly what you want when you want a nice smoke. Must reorder
Nub Connecticut by Oliva,5 out of 5,excellent smoke,thes is an excellent smoke
Nub Connecticut by Oliva,5 out of 5,love this little Babies,love this little Babies
Nub Connecticut by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great short cigar,Great short cigar
Nub Connecticut by Oliva,5 out of 5,Awesome,Friggin great. Satisfying smoke. Mild but complex. Love them.
Nub Connecticut by Oliva,5 out of 5,"IM PICKY AND THIS IS WORTH THE MONEY, SMOOTH, TASTY, NOT TOO STRONG, BUT NOT TOO LIGHT. VERY IMPRESSED","Very smooth cigars. I am a newbie but this cigar here is smooth. For a newbie the taste is very nice. For a shorty it had a very appealing flavor. My friend gave me a list of good cigars and he added this to his list. Ha has been smoking cigars for longer than Ive been alive and he was right. This is one of the best cigars I've ever smoked. After a meal and With a mojito by my side you can't go wrong. After a long day, this made my night."
Nub Connecticut by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Very enjoyable smoke!
Nub Connecticut by Oliva,4 out of 5,Nub,"Very mild, nice brief smoke."
Nub Connecticut by Oliva,5 out of 5,Nubs,"Very smooth, burns evenly, nice draw...great flavor, probably my favorite cigar."
Nub Connecticut by Oliva,4 out of 5,Nice,"A relaxing, smooth smoke"
Nub Connecticut by Oliva,5 out of 5,Nubmania,Great cigar.
Nub Connecticut by Oliva,5 out of 5,Best Connecticut out there,Best Connecticut out there
Nub Connecticut by Oliva,4 out of 5,Aloha,Great deal!
Nub Connecticut by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Nub never dissapoints.
Nub Connecticut by Oliva,5 out of 5,Nub Cigar,Good little cigar
Nub Connecticut by Oliva,5 out of 5,Very smooth and very mild.,Very smooth and very mild. Great cigar
Nub Connecticut by Oliva,5 out of 5,The Best!,Great smoke. Especially when you may not have a long break to smoke a larger cigar.
Nub Connecticut by Oliva,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Nub Connecticut by Oliva,5 out of 5,SMOOTH,SMOOTH
Nub Connecticut by Oliva,5 out of 5,The Best Cigar of My Lifetime,"And, I've had some great ones all around the globe. It should be said that my preference is a smooth mellow-mild. The Nub 354 is exactly so. Creamy and smooth. Smoked longer than expected as well."
Nub Connecticut by Oliva,5 out of 5,My husband loves them!!,My husband loves them!!
Nub Connecticut by Oliva,5 out of 5,Nub,Great buy.
Nub Connecticut by Oliva,4 out of 5,Top notch non-Cuban,"I ordered a box of Connecticut's because of their mildness and consistency. I was not disappointed. I usually do not smoke big cigars and this size is just perfect. Always easy draw and very little if any first lit burn.
When I get low I will reorder. CI is a very customer service business. Merry Christmas to all and to all a good night."
Nub Connecticut by Oliva,5 out of 5,smooth,A very smooth with a great flavor
Nub Dub by Oliva,5 out of 5,nest Nub ever!,nest Nub ever!
Nub Dub by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Nub Dub by Oliva,5 out of 5,Luv the Nub,Fan of the Nub for years. Love this one also
Nub Dub by Oliva,5 out of 5,What a punch,I love them
Nub Dub by Oliva,5 out of 5,Luv the dub,"This is a very strong smoke. It’ll put hair on your chest for sure. I don’t smoke them regularly, but I do like their kick once in a while."
Nub Dub by Oliva,5 out of 5,Each stick was better then,Each stick was better then the next..
Nub Dub by Oliva,5 out of 5,The Best of Nub,"I love all the Nubs, but this is by far my favorite. Sometimes hard to find and not one of the ""regulars""."
Nub Dub by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great cigar,I tasted hundreds of cigars but this is the best
Nub Dub by Oliva,4 out of 5,Great cigars for the price,Great cigars for the price
Nub Dub by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great,"This cigar is a long lasting (for a Nub), awesome smoke that I would highly recommend for anyone who enjoys a strong flavor."
Nub Dub by Oliva,5 out of 5,Nub Dub,Excellent Smoke!
Nub Dub by Oliva,5 out of 5,Excellent,Great smoke and burn awhile for such a small cigar!
Nub Dub by Oliva,5 out of 5,"Niec and smooth, great price.","Niec and smooth, great price."
Nub Dub by Oliva,4 out of 5,Love this stick,"Great cigar. Absolutely love it. However, this last shipment I got was very dry and 3 out of the 10 sticks in the first box were hard to draw through and the wrapper leaked off about 5 minutes into the smoke. Kinda bummed out about that. Not sure if I’m gonna order more. This is t the first time this has happened."
Nub Dub by Oliva,4 out of 5,Good cigar and just the,Good cigar and just the right length for a short smoke
Nub Dub by Oliva,4 out of 5,Need box of 20,Great smoke. Wish they came in a box of 20
Nub Dub by Oliva,4 out of 5,Nice little smoke,I tried a box of these after a friend gave me one to try. These burn slowly and consistantly and do not draw hard even though they are tightly packed. They had a nice flavor and it makes me wonder if the others ar equally good
Nub Dub by Oliva,5 out of 5,Bailey’s Best Friend,Great smoke! Good even burn. Great with Baileys in the morning!
Nub Dub by Oliva,5 out of 5,Excellent,These little guys pack quite a wallop.
Nub Dub by Oliva,5 out of 5,Very enjoyable,Very enjoyable
Nub Dub by Oliva,4 out of 5,Zed Nub Review 101218,A smooth long burn
Nub Dub by Oliva,4 out of 5,"Very nice flavor, tight steady","Very nice flavor, tight steady even burn. Very happy"
Nub Dub by Oliva,3 out of 5,Probably a good cigar but,Probably a good cigar but I like a mellow cigar more like monticristo classic
Nub Dub by Oliva,5 out of 5,Nubs,Loved them - absolutely an enjoyable smoke on an afternoon break.
Nub Dub by Oliva,5 out of 5,We really loved them,We really loved them
Nub Dub by Oliva,5 out of 5,Nub,"The Nub is a convenient cigar for people on the go, it last about 15 to 20 minutes and is a perfect cigar for me..."
Nub Dub by Oliva,4 out of 5,"Small, but powerful punch. Nice","Small, but powerful punch. Nice smoke"
Nub Dub by Oliva,5 out of 5,Golfer,These cigars have a full flavor in a small package.
Nub Dub by Oliva,5 out of 5,"Nub Dub by Oliva 460,",My favorite of the Nub's. Nice and robust. Good with a bourbon.
Nub Dub by Oliva,5 out of 5,Taste so good,Grate Smoke
Nub Dub by Oliva,5 out of 5,Very good cigar,Good flavor and a lot of smoke
Nub Dub by Oliva,5 out of 5,Excellent cigars,Excellent cigars
Nub Dub by Oliva,5 out of 5,Nub Double Maduro,"Great smoke from beginning to end. Flavor, robustness that doesn’t knock you down. My go-to cigar."
Nub Dub by Oliva,5 out of 5,Always a good smoke.,"I love this cigar. Always a good smooth smoke, even burn and long lasting."
Nub Dub by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great 💨 with a nice 🥃,When you don’t have a long time to enjoy a great cigar these are just right. Full bodied and not a cigarillo 💨💨🥃
Nub Dub by Oliva,5 out of 5,Awesome cigars,Great flavor in a small package
Nub Dub by Oliva,5 out of 5,nub dub,Delicious maduro inside and out
Nub Dub by Oliva,5 out of 5,Very good,Smooth
Nub Dub by Oliva,4 out of 5,cigars were a little dried,cigars were a little dried out
Nub Dub by Oliva,5 out of 5,After a few days in,After a few days in my Humidor they were great. Good smoke.
Nub Dub by Oliva,5 out of 5,Cigar was very good would,Cigar was very good would absolutely buy more
Nub Dub by Oliva,5 out of 5,Perfection,"Perfectly rolled, Packs so much flavor in a small cigar from beginning to end"
Nub Dub by Oliva,5 out of 5,Delicious,"This was one of best cigars as far as smoke wise, I've had and with it being a nub it was nice to be able to take them in public and not smoke everyone out."
Nub Dub by Oliva,5 out of 5,Nub Dub,A couple of my friends and me have come to enjoy this blend. It is well worth trying.
Nub Dub by Oliva,5 out of 5,Tasty. Would purchase again,All nub cigars are pretty tasty
Nub Dub by Oliva,5 out of 5,Smooth and Fat,Amazing Smoke! Now my Favorite. Great to the last Nub.....
Nub Dub by Oliva,2 out of 5,Cigar was way to strong,Cigar was way to strong is not a morning smoke burns ok
Nub Dub by Oliva,5 out of 5,Serious Smoke In A Small Package,"Man, these little things smoke like a dream. First they are heavy for their size. Construction is stellar every time. Burns slow and perfect leaving a solid dark gray ash. Definitely a full body smoke with a great taste. Don't think this is a quick smoke. It lasts as long as a Churchill. Try one...promise you will like it!"
Nub Dub by Oliva,3 out of 5,"Tasted good, didn’t draw well or burn evenly.",Same as above
Nub Dub by Oliva,4 out of 5,Nubs,Very good cigars...….will probably reorder at some point
Nub Habano by Oliva,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar!,Excellent cigar!
Nub Habano by Oliva,5 out of 5,Like very Much,Very good aroma and quality.....love
Nub Habano by Oliva,4 out of 5,Smooth robust cigar very flavorful,Smooth robust cigar very flavorful would recommend to others . Enjoyed them all.
Nub Habano by Oliva,4 out of 5,okay,okay short smoke - a little pricy for what you get. Nice flavor.
Nub Habano by Oliva,5 out of 5,Nubs,Pretty good cigar
Nub Habano by Oliva,5 out of 5,Nub Nub Yes Yes,Very good and consistent smoke. The draw was excellent. Really good flavor.
Nub Habano by Oliva,4 out of 5,Nub cigars,Wish they were a little longer.
Nub Habano by Oliva,5 out of 5,Nub,These cigars smoke even every time! This is my go to cigar!
Nub Habano by Oliva,5 out of 5,Smokes real nice,Smokes real nice
Nub Habano by Oliva,3 out of 5,Nub,Good for a quick smoke. Not good for the golf course.
Nub Habano by Oliva,5 out of 5,great,great
Nub Habano by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great taste.,Great taste.
Nub Habano by Oliva,5 out of 5,Nub review,One of my all time favorites this is a really good smoke!
Nub Habano by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Nub Habano by Oliva,5 out of 5,Ordering cigars,"I enjoyed the ease of finding the cigars I am looking for and, the ease of ordering them."
Nub Habano by Oliva,3 out of 5,Boring.,The only Nub I do not like. It’s boring. Burns hot. No flavor that I like through the entire cigar. It does burn evenly but not near as good as the Connecticut. The other Nubs are so much better but this on tastes like a cheap cigar with little profile.
Nub Habano by Oliva,5 out of 5,Excellent,Nice and smooth smoke
Nub Habano by Oliva,3 out of 5,Nib hananas,Like the Connecticut's better
Nub Habano by Oliva,4 out of 5,Short order,"This was a great cigar choice for robust flavor, but lacked the distance finish for me as I found a lot time to relax and enjoy one. I found myself striking up 2 to 3 instead of 1 great smoke."
Nub Habano by Oliva,5 out of 5,My number 1 cigar shop,"I have ordering cigars from CI for over 4 years, never had any issues, competitive prices and different variety of purchase options."
Nub Habano by Oliva,5 out of 5,Good cigar. Hey it's a,Good cigar. Hey it's a Nub!
Nub Habano by Oliva,5 out of 5,Nun habano,Love the size and flavor but especially the size the nub has always been a very good cigar but this length gives more to love
Nub Habano by Oliva,5 out of 5,Good until the last puff!,"Hey Fellow aficionados you know how the Nub just starts getting good and then it’s over well you don’t have to worry about that with the nub extra, it is completely satisfying through the end of the cigar you would not be disappointed, next time there’s a special on this one load up 👍🏾"
Nub Habano by Oliva,5 out of 5,The joy of Nub,"Slow burn, easy draw, billows of blue gray smoke"
Nub Habano by Oliva,5 out of 5,DREAM COME TRUE,I don't know where these have been hidden but thank you. I love them. I'm getting more. If they stop making them I'm swimming to the factory and punching somebody.
Nub Habano by Oliva,5 out of 5,NUB’s in my life,Love the smoke of the NUB’s the perfect Cigar when your on the run or just need a break. Happy Happy Happy.
Nub Habano by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,"Great smoke, as always came on time and fresh!"
Nub Habano by Oliva,5 out of 5,NUB is the way to go.,They need to make nubs longer. I hate getting to the end
Nub Habano by Oliva,4 out of 5,Ok cigar,Burns hot
Nub Habano by Oliva,4 out of 5,Small but mighty,Good cigar for the those times when you don't have time.
Nub Habano by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great cigar best value,It had been awhile since I had one and it was nice to get reacquainted.
Nub Habano by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Excellent value
Nub Habano by Oliva,4 out of 5,Enjoyed the rich flavors and,Enjoyed the rich flavors and the even draw when pulling
Nub Habano by Oliva,4 out of 5,"If you live nub, you","If you live nub, you will love this, this Has a permanent spot in my humidor"
Nub Habano by Oliva,5 out of 5,Nubs,I’ve using CI for about 8 years and I’ve nothing but a great experience with there service and products. Nubs are one of my favorite cigars. This cigars never disappoint!
Nub Habano by Oliva,5 out of 5,Mr H Hunt,"Great Cigar, wrapped perfect, blended perfect and very enjoyable."
Nub Habano by Oliva,5 out of 5,Nub,Fantastic smoke!
Nub Habano by Oliva,4 out of 5,Nice smoke,Typical Oliva high quality cigar.
Nub Habano by Oliva,5 out of 5,A great smoke start to,A great smoke start to finish
Nub Habano by Oliva,5 out of 5,Big Dog,Love the extra inch
Nub Habano by Oliva,5 out of 5,You will love this cigar!,"I love Nub cigars. This is a little longer, but still great. I always wanted the Nub to be a bit longer and was very excited to see the 5"" in its own box. I will definitely buy this again. Smooth burn, tasty, and substantial. You will love this cigar. Just buy it."
Nub Habano by Oliva,5 out of 5,Shocker...haven't seen these offered by the box for years,"After waiting approximately 10 years for this beauty to come back to the market in a box rather than a sampler, I immediately ordered 4 boxes. This is a special smoke from beginning to end, easy light, great even burn. Nub has it figured out. Hoping these will continue to be offered by the box. You cannot go wrong."
Nub Habano by Oliva,5 out of 5,Nub 560,Great draw and favor just like the nub 460 but you get to enjoy it longer will purchase again
Nub Habano by Oliva,5 out of 5,just a pure good taste,"just a pure good taste down to the ""NUB"" . Stays fresh and flavorful !"
Nub Habano by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,Smooth draw and great flavor. It’s my choice for a day fishing.
Nub Habano by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great buy great price,Everything I expected in quality and price
Nub Habano by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great stick smooth draw great,Great stick smooth draw great flavor.
Nub Habano by Oliva,5 out of 5,Fantastic everyday smoke,"I smoke a wide variety of cigars, but the Nub Habano 460 is the one I never tire of. And the price is such that I can have a few in a row without worrying about the cost."
Nub Habano by Oliva,5 out of 5,Best cigar ever,Best cigar ever
Nub Habano by Oliva,5 out of 5,Kipling,"a good woman will make a good wife
a good cigar will make a great smoke
I wish I would have married a Nub"
Nub Habano Sun Grown Double Perfecto,5 out of 5,Quality premium smoke,Since I’m retired these are usually over my budget locally but a great value at CI. These are quality medium to full cigars that are always consistent and satisfying.
Nub Habano Sun Grown Double Perfecto,4 out of 5,TOO SHORT,great cigar that ended too soon
Nub Habano Sun Grown Double Perfecto,4 out of 5,Great,Nice draw and smooth on the palette. Would be a 5 but one was poorly constructed.
Nub Habano Sun Grown Double Perfecto,5 out of 5,Nub,Great smoke. Smooth. Definitely I will buy more
Nub Habano Sun Grown Double Perfecto,5 out of 5,Nub Habano Sun Grown Double Perfecto,Excellent cigars!
Nub Habano Sun Grown Double Perfecto,4 out of 5,Great deal,"These are excellent. Great smoke, good roll. Nubs are always a good value"
Nub Habano Sun Grown Double Perfecto,5 out of 5,I love the Nub brand,I love the Nub brand and these are at the top of the list
Nub Habano Sun Grown Double Perfecto,5 out of 5,New favorite!,The Nub Habano regular was my favorite until this gem came into my life!
Nub Habano Sun Grown Double Perfecto,5 out of 5,A Must try,"Flavorful! If you’re a fan of Habano, don’t sleep on this one."
Nub Habano Sun Grown Double Perfecto,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,"Smooth, medium-bodied cigar, with notes of hazelnut and almonds! Burns surprisingly long for its size and has quickly become one of my preferred smokes..."
Nub Habano Sun Grown Double Perfecto,5 out of 5,A real pleaser!,"Lots of smooth, flavorful satisfaction in a little package!"
Nub Habano Sun Grown Double Perfecto,5 out of 5,Super smooth,Great cigar. I've been a fan of the Nub for a few years and this one is right at the top of my list.
Nub Habano Sun Grown Double Perfecto,5 out of 5,Will purchase again,Not usually a Nub fan but these brought me back. Enjoyable smoke out sitting on the patio or out on the golf course. Nice draw and taste.
Nub Habano Sun Grown Double Perfecto,5 out of 5,"Nice smoke, odd shape","Nice smoke, odd shape"
Nub Habano Sun Grown Double Perfecto,5 out of 5,Nun-lishus,Great smokes with some ‘bite’!
Nub Habano Sun Grown Double Perfecto,4 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth
Nub Maduro by Oliva,5 out of 5,Very rich and flavorful. Good,Very rich and flavorful. Good buy
Nub Maduro by Oliva,5 out of 5,One of my favorites.,"When these go on promo, it is almost a guarantee that I will pick up a box. Any time I have handed them out, everyone seems to enjoy. I have felt that Nub is a great cigar.
Sorry I am not the best at describing the flavors like others. I just know I like it."
Nub Maduro by Oliva,3 out of 5,Just ok,Just ok
Nub Maduro by Oliva,5 out of 5,One fine cigar,"These are a top-class cigar with great chocolate notes and spices, they are rolled tight and a beautiful looking cigar. This is one cigar when advertising certain flavors you actually can taste them. I just wish the box price was cheaper."
Nub Maduro by Oliva,5 out of 5,Two thumbs up,Love it
Nub Maduro by Oliva,4 out of 5,"Good smoke, keep a few","Good smoke, keep a few in the box"
Nub Maduro by Oliva,4 out of 5,The Nub maduro cigars are,The Nub maduro cigars are really flavorful last year I went to the cigar aficionado in Las Vegas and that is where I was introduced to them very nice cigar with scotch or a good whiskey .
Nub Maduro by Oliva,5 out of 5,Nub by Oliva 460 Maduro,Can't go wrong if you want a full bodied smoke!
Nub Maduro by Oliva,5 out of 5,Can you grow?,If only there was another inch.
Nub Maduro by Oliva,5 out of 5,Nubs,These are great anytime cigars. The Maduro and habano are my favorites. Great burn and excellent taste. AAA++
Nub Maduro by Oliva,5 out of 5,Best Cigar Ever,Best Cigar Ever
Nub Maduro by Oliva,4 out of 5,Nice,Nice
Nub Maduro by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Nub Maduro by Oliva,4 out of 5,Slow burner,Excellent smoke
Nub Maduro by Oliva,5 out of 5,No complaints,Great stick. All the notes.
Nub Maduro by Oliva,5 out of 5,Best smoke for the $,Best smoke for the $
Nub Maduro by Oliva,5 out of 5,"Chocolate candy, Hot cocoa or a Nub Maduro! What's the difference?😂","If you smoke these just right, you can make them last for an hour, and let me tell you, I have gone through so many Maduro brands and this one, just like in the description, taste like a scoop of chocolate ice cream... I always aim for cigars with that chocolatey and robust taste and this one tops the cake so far... If I were rich, I would buy five boxes of these every month"
Nub Maduro by Oliva,5 out of 5,Nubbies,Just received my Nubs and have enjoyed them. They are just right for a satisfying quick smoke! Oliva continues to produce winners!
Nub Maduro by Oliva,5 out of 5,Nub Habano,"Nub Habano great cigar, burns even and draws well."
Nub Maduro by Oliva,5 out of 5,Nub-A-LISHES,I love everything about my nubs. Bold Maduro but smooth taste. Smokes easy. Very satisfying!
Nub Maduro by Oliva,5 out of 5,Nub,Taste so good it’s my go to cigar chocolatly nutte super smooth
Nub Maduro by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"What can I say, Nub maduro is at the top of my list! Always a great smoke."
Nub Maduro by Oliva,4 out of 5,Great during down time and early late morning.,A personal favorite. Great morning or afternoon or evening wind down cigar.
Nub Maduro by Oliva,4 out of 5,The cigars were bought as,The cigars were bought as a gift for someone who enjoys Nub cigars.
Nub Maduro by Oliva,5 out of 5,Nubba-dubba-doo....!!!,"Excellent full-body cigar.
The entire Nub line is worth trying."
Nub Maduro by Oliva,5 out of 5,The perfect flavor in size,The perfect flavor in size
Nub Maduro by Oliva,5 out of 5,"Always pleased with the variety,","Always pleased with the variety, price and the Swift delivery."
Nub Maduro by Oliva,5 out of 5,Good to the last puff,I love this cigar. One of my favorite 10 Nubs. You won’t regret it if you love the Maduro flavor.
Nub Maduro by Oliva,5 out of 5,Exceptional,Oliva doesn't make a bad cigar and these are a step above. If you don't like this cigar then you're just wrong haha
Nub Maduro by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great tasting smoke,The Nub Maduro and the Diesel shorty are the best fat little smokes you will find.
Nub Maduro by Oliva,4 out of 5,Great smoke,"I am a huge Oliva fan, and this offering does not disappoint. Perfect when you want the great flavor from an Olive, but don't have the time for a larger smoke. Sure you could smoke a robusto, but the large ring gauge makes a difference."
Nub Maduro by Oliva,5 out of 5,Fat & full of flavor,"Good smoke, full of flavor and lasts just the rite amount of time for me. My go to."
Nub Maduro by Oliva,5 out of 5,Nub,"Easy draw. Even burn. Compact, well-made cigar. An excellent smoke."
Nub Maduro by Oliva,5 out of 5,"Nice draw, incredible flavor and","Nice draw, incredible flavor and a great value"
Nub Maduro by Oliva,5 out of 5,Its a great cigar for,Its a great cigar for the anytime event
Nub Maduro by Oliva,5 out of 5,Enjoyable smoke,"Rather nutty flavor, with a great draw. Will purchase again."
Nub Maduro by Oliva,3 out of 5,Overall a very good smoke...great,"Overall a very good smoke...great draw and burn, but gets to the ""nub"" too quickly...60 ring size just too big...would prefer length of 5"" and 55 ring gauge."
Nub Maduro by Oliva,5 out of 5,Best prices in the industry,Best prices in the industry
Nub Maduro by Oliva,5 out of 5,good smokes,These have been my favorite cigar for at least a decade now. Don't change a thing!
Nub Maduro by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"I have enjoyed this cigar for a long time, but have to find it on sale. It seems too short, but well made enough I get 45-50 smoking minutes from it. It does not work for a friend that chews on the end of his cigars however. It depends on smoking style."
Nub Maduro by Oliva,4 out of 5,Love it,Love it
Nub Maduro by Oliva,5 out of 5,Nubber,"#1 favorite daily cigar. Taste, burn , longevity.."
Nub Maduro by Oliva,4 out of 5,Long flavor...short snoke,"This cigar should not be underestimated because of its size. It is packed with flavor from the light.
I consider this cigar to have a wide flavor profile. Fills you with smooth broad rich flavor that slides across your pallet. Dark and cool. No hot notes that climb in your mouth. Never harsh but full.
At 4 inches and a hefty 60 ring guage it can last a surprisingly long time if you dont ride it too hard. 45 minutes plus.
You wont regret any Nub...but the Maduro is. My favorite. Buy em. Let em rest for a bit if you can (a week is plenty), they are great straight off delivery, but they only get better with time."
Nub Maduro by Oliva,3 out of 5,Short stick but a long,Short stick but a long smoke
Nub Maduro by Oliva,4 out of 5,A good smoke,If they were 6 inches they would be perfect.
Nub Maduro by Oliva,4 out of 5,Nice cigar,Nub Maduro are a really nice cigar occasionally get one that burns a little funny but always a great flavor think the sale prices are a fair price for these cigars
Nub Maduro by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great cigars!,Great cigars!
Nub Maduro by Oliva,5 out of 5,Nub 460 Maduro,"I've always been a fan of Nub. I bought a box of the 460 Maduros and couldn't be happier. Long, slow, even burn. Great bold characteristics that don't ruin your mouth for the rest of the day or night. Great with a cup of coffee and a fishing pole or golf.clubs. the box came quickly and the cigars were in great shape."
Nub Maduro by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great Little Cigar!,Always been partial to Oliva. Really enjoy the Nubs!
Nub Maduro by Oliva,5 out of 5,NUB is now my Cigar of Preference,"I ordered the NUB deal which was really good with the Bonus of 10 NUB variety pack. Most recently, I got into the NUB and they are great. I kind of wish that they would have been at least 1/2 inch longer. However, they are a lasting smoke."
Nub Nuance by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great gift,Great gift
Nub Nuance by Oliva,5 out of 5,Good to the last drop,Good quick cigar. Nice flavor
Nub Nuance by Oliva,5 out of 5,Nun Cafe Single Roast,"Enjoyed the flavor, metal container kept them fresh. Well worth the cost!"
Nub Nuance by Oliva,5 out of 5,One of My Favorite Smokes,When you’re just in the mood for a tasty smoke on the “lighter side“ I don’t think the NUB Nuance cigars can be beat!
Nub Nuance by Oliva,5 out of 5,Surprisingly good smoke.,"I am far from an expert, but these are a tasty little smoke. They have good smoke which I was able to blow decent rings. I could taste and smell the smoke which is hard at my age. You won't get much better for quick smoke."
Nub Nuance by Oliva,5 out of 5,One of my favorites from,One of my favorites from Nub
Nub Nuance by Oliva,5 out of 5,Really enjoyable smoke,Really enjoyable smoke
Nub Nuance by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great flavor,Great flavor
Nub Nuance by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great company to work with!,I really appreciate this company. They are always quick with the shipments and they have the best prices and the products I am looking for.
Nub Nuance by Oliva,5 out of 5,Excellent,My favorite so far. Quick smoke but excellent. I’ll be ordering more.
Nub Nuance by Oliva,4 out of 5,"Nice and smooth, good for","Nice and smooth, good for a quick burn"
Nub Nuance by Oliva,3 out of 5,I liked espresso better.,I liked espresso better.
Nub Nuance by Oliva,5 out of 5,I likie,"I never see these on sale, I would also like to try a sampler pack of maybe 10 flavored cigars from different types of cigars that you carry. I don’t like to spend a lot of money on something I might not like."
Nub Nuance by Oliva,5 out of 5,one of my favorites!,"Great tasting, mild, very enjoyable!"
Nub Nuance by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great small cigars.,Small but full of flavor.
Nub Nuance by Oliva,5 out of 5,"Nice taste, great burn!!","I love these cigars, by far my favorite cigars. Although I need to venture out for something similar.Sent me some thoughts on others flavor cigars?
peace!!! burn one!!!"
Nub Nuance by Oliva,4 out of 5,Solid Smoke,Nub Never lets you down
Nub Nuance by Oliva,5 out of 5,Macchiato,Tastes just like the description so if you like coffe and chocolate and sweet this is for you
Nub Nuance by Oliva,5 out of 5,Nub Cafe review,I thought the Nub Cafe was a pretty good smoke. If you enjoy a flavored cigar that is mild and with an easy draw you'll like this cigar.
Nub Nuance by Oliva,5 out of 5,cigar M,not bad
Nub Nuance by Oliva,5 out of 5,NUB STUB,GREAT CIGAR WILL BUY AGAIN
Nub Nuance by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great short smoke,If you want a quick favorable cigar this is it.
Nub Nuance by Oliva,5 out of 5,Best cigar out there,I love flavored cigars and this is the best. I never get tired of smoking these.
Nub Nuance by Oliva,5 out of 5,excellent choice,great flavor
Nub Nuance by Oliva,5 out of 5,Love'em,Great with a cup of coffee anytime of day . Not too sweet . Burn well . Mellow and smooth .
Nub Nuance by Oliva,5 out of 5,Small package huge flavor,"Love this cigar, I was never a fan of flovored cigars but a friend recommended these and now I am hooked. This is my go to cigars whenever I am on the road."
Nub Nuance by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great little smokes,"I really enjoy the nub cafe cigarillos as quick smokes. They have a mild coffee / sweetness that makes them versatile (morning, after a meal). Lots of smoke."
Nub Nuance by Oliva,5 out of 5,Delicious,"Love these. Super creamy, slightly sweet and consistent. A nice change from your normal smoke. I really like these after a good meal, sit, relax and enjoy like a cup of coffee or dessert. My only gripe would be that the burn isn’t sharp and can get a bit wonky."
Nub Nuance by Oliva,4 out of 5,Sweet Nub,"I love the Nub line and this was no acception. Smooth, creamy flavors, touches of coffee, caramel. My particular cigar preferences are not the “flavored” variety; the wrapper had a strong cappacino flavor that was a touch on the sweet side. It didn’t overpower the cigar, but my personal preference is the regular Nub line. Very nice if you appreciate flavored wrappers in your smoke."
Nub Nuance by Oliva,5 out of 5,Nub Cafe - Great Little Cigar,My favorite cigar. Great flavor without being over sweet. Burns even and consistent.
Nub Nuance by Oliva,5 out of 5,Mild,Mild
Nub Nuance by Oliva,5 out of 5,Nub,Very tasty cigar !
Nub Nuance by Oliva,5 out of 5,Favorite nub,Great quick smoke. The flavor is just right
Nub Nuance by Oliva,5 out of 5,Nub cafe triple roast 354,"Great smoke, good coffee taste all the way thru."
Nub Nuance by Oliva,5 out of 5,Nub Cafe Review,I really enjoy the smooth and mellow smoke from all 3 Nub Cafe cigars. The hint of coffee flavors sets Nub Cafe apart from all competitors.
Nub Nuance by Oliva,2 out of 5,Nub cafe,Terrible draw. So tight made the cigar very unenjoyable
Nub Nuance by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great Cigars at a Great,Great Cigars at a Great Price!!!
Nub Nuance by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great Cigars,Very smooth and a perfect cigar with a good strong expresso. This one is a favorite.
Nub Nuance by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Nub Nuance by Oliva,5 out of 5,Always a Favorite,Have always loved the Cafe Nubs! Nice little flavorful stogie.
Nub Nuance by Oliva,1 out of 5,Not a good run,"This is my favorite cigar. Sadly, I received a box this time where the cigar was so tightly packed the cigars were not enjoyable. Truly sad as I’m deployed and get cigar delivered is a process."
Nub Nuance by Oliva,5 out of 5,Pricey,"Loved it for a second smoke, but at's a little too pricey for me to buy a lot of them."
Nub Nuance by Oliva,2 out of 5,Not a fan...,Didn't like these. Drew estate does a much better job
Nub Nuance by Oliva,5 out of 5,Delicious great stick,Delicious great stick
Nub Nuance by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great choice,Great choice
Nub Nuance by Oliva,5 out of 5,Smooth tasteful smoke,Very happy to try these and was pleased with the overall quality of the smoke.
Nub Nuance by Oliva,5 out of 5,nub cafe,nice smooth smoke really enjoyed it would definetly buy again
Nub Nuance by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Nub Nuance by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Nub Nuance by Oliva,5 out of 5,Nub,One great cigar
Nub Nuance Seasonal by Oliva,4 out of 5,A Unique Sweet Wrapper Taste,Kind of a nice Fall change of pace but I'll hold on to my favorites
Nub Nuance Seasonal by Oliva,5 out of 5,Highly Recommend and Will Purchase Again,"I'm not a ""hint of this and note that"" kinda guy. With that said; the chocolate, mint, and coffee flavors really come out in this cigar. A great break, after dinner, or quick smoke. This stick lasts around 30 mins while walking your dog on a windy night....of course burn time will vary. If you enjoy flavored smokes I highly recommend this product over the alternatives if burn time isn't an issue.....smoke two."
Nub Nuance Seasonal by Oliva,4 out of 5,Nub,Full of flavor and the usual great burn. Thank you.
Nub Nuance Seasonal by Oliva,5 out of 5,Fantastic cigar !,"Don’t let the size fool ya, it a great cigar! The flavor of this little Nub is quite possibly the best cigar I’ve tasted! The size is just right for a fine and fast relaxing smoke !"
Nub Nuance Seasonal by Oliva,5 out of 5,Excellent,Very good 30 minute stick. Coffee mint and chocolate flavor. Interesting. I will buy more
Nub Nuance Seasonal by Oliva,5 out of 5,Delicious,Nice flavor! Awesome fall smokes.
Nub Nuance Seasonal by Oliva,3 out of 5,In some fashion I felt,In some fashion I felt like I was smoking pipe tobacco. Too sweet for me
Nub Nuance Seasonal by Oliva,2 out of 5,Too small and tightly rolled,Too small and tightly rolled
Nub Nuance Seasonal by Oliva,3 out of 5,Flavor,When putting cigar in mouth a very distinctive flavor comes out still not too sure what it is other then that he smoke was good
Nub Nuance Seasonal by Oliva,5 out of 5,Nub Nuance Fall Harvest,"Great flavor and smooth all the way to the end. Also a big fan of the single-, double-, and triple-roast Nub Cafe. An excellent choice of cigars whether on the golf course or kicking back. Will definitely be replenishing my stock once needed...Thanks!!!"
Nub Nuance Seasonal by Oliva,3 out of 5,Me,Did not know they were flavored… But still a fairly high quality cigar
Nub Nuance Seasonal by Oliva,2 out of 5,Ok for about 4 or 5 puffs.,Ok for about 4 or 5 puffs. Too sweet. Will not purchase again.
Nub Nuance Seasonal by Oliva,5 out of 5,Nub,You didn't state that they were a mildly flavored smoke. I didn't like them so I sent them back and I am waiting for my credit
Nub Nuance Seasonal by Oliva,5 out of 5,Limited Smokes,"These have been a great smoke got them on a CI two fer deal. I shared with smokes to spare, everyone liked them to bad they are a limited edition cigar. They burn even draw great and are very tasty"
Nub Nuance Seasonal by Oliva,3 out of 5,No thanks,Not a fan of these and the flavor
Nub Nuance Seasonal by Oliva,4 out of 5,Loved the Fall Harvest and if you were surprised by the size you should read the descriptions,"Loved these cigars, other nub flavored cigars are a little overwhelming but the fall harvest is more subtle with the flavor only on the wrapper allowing the true filler flavors to come through. Especially good with coffee in the morning."
Nub Nuance Seasonal by Oliva,1 out of 5,Uneven burn,"Last ones I got smoked great, these burn unevinly, not much cigar to enjoy when so small"
Nub Nuance Seasonal by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great Seasonal Smoke,"I Love this cigar!!! The Mocha and peppermint is not overwhelming. You can taste the peppermint throughout the smoking of the cigar. The mocha is a nice undertone during the whole experience. The only downside, is a few of the cigars were a little tightly rolled and had a slightly difficult draw. However, this by no means took away from the awesome flavor and enjoyment of the cigar."
Nub Nuance Seasonal by Oliva,2 out of 5,NOT WHAT I THOUGHT,I DID'NT. THINK THEY WERE GUNNA BE THAT SMALL
Nub Nuance Seasonal by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great!,"I love these cigars!!! I only wish the big sale lasted longer, or better yet, if the sale was permanent. But either way these are one of my favorites if not the favorite currently in my humidors."
Nub Nuance Seasonal by Oliva,3 out of 5,nub dub,"Normally a good smoke with a pleasant taste, but the last box will not burn evenly no matter how I light them. Not happy!"
Nub Nuance Seasonal by Oliva,5 out of 5,Nub Nuance Fall Harvest 354,Great cigar good draw and great tasting as well.
Nub Nuance Seasonal by Oliva,5 out of 5,Best cigar I ever smoked,Very smooth.
Nub Nuance Seasonal by Oliva,5 out of 5,Awesome little cigar,Great little treat for the winter. Very smooth and tasty. Definitely will buy more
Nub Nuance Seasonal by Oliva,5 out of 5,Smooth smoke,"Nub nuance winter blend is a nice smoke with a very slightly sweet taste on the lips. The cigar burns even and eass, lasting about 30min. Well worth the money."
Nub Nuance Seasonal by Oliva,5 out of 5,Harvest these Nubs while you can!,"Love them, and so do my friends I've shared with."
Nub Nuance Seasonal by Oliva,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke. Little sweet depending on mood. Good flavor though
Nub Nuance Seasonal by Oliva,4 out of 5,Winter nub,"Nice flavor, good smoker. A quick refreshing change of pace cigar"
Nub Nuance Seasonal by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great winter smoke in the morning,This was a great buy and really helps start your day off right. Not sweet. Great flavor. Nice burn. I’ll be buying some more soon.
Nub Nuance Seasonal by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,This was a very interesting smoke. Great flavor with a minty tingle afterward.
Nub Nuance Seasonal by Oliva,5 out of 5,Nice!,I really like these. Well worth the price and I'll be buying more in the future.
Nub Nuance Seasonal by Oliva,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar,Great Price and the taste was exceptional
Nub Nuance Seasonal by Oliva,4 out of 5,"Sweet, but short.","This is a great, flavorful smoke. There is a freshness to it that is unique. Not too sweet, smooth, and a good aroma. Paired nicely with a Kentucky bourbon. The only problem, it burns fast. I was sad when it ended."
Nub Nuance Seasonal by Oliva,4 out of 5,To,Some cigars were plugged but flavor is nice.
Nub Nuance Seasonal by Oliva,4 out of 5,Fine for a flavored cigar,"Its okay. Good flavor up front, but as it burns it relies less on flavoring and more on tabacco, and that is where it begins to disappoint. However, it never tastes bad. I find it a very pleasant smoke for a cold, misty day."
Nub Nuance Seasonal by Oliva,5 out of 5,Outstanding cigar with a great,Outstanding cigar with a great flavor and a super price. Don’t miss out on this one
Nub Nuance Seasonal by Oliva,2 out of 5,Disappointed,A great flavored cigar but almost impossible cigar to draw on.
Nub Nuance Seasonal by Oliva,5 out of 5,The PSL of the cigar world,"What a great tasting cigar. I love the fall, cool evenings, colors in the trees and of course...Pumpkin everything! Thanks to Nub, I can further enjoy my fall pumpkin obsession with Fall Harvest cigar. These cigars are well constructed and burn well. I've smoked a bunch of these so far and each time I get a nice piece of ash. As for the flavor, its not over powering or overly sweet, just right for sitting out on a crisp fall evening. I highly recommending the Nub Nuance Fall Harvest."
Nub Nuance Seasonal by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great Into to Autumn,The Nuance Winter Blend was a great introduction to the season. It is light on the palette with gentle hints that remind you of autumn. A great smoke while playing a quick round because it does not over power you. I will order more.
Nub Nuance Seasonal by Oliva,4 out of 5,Tasty and delicious smoke,"I have to admit after smoking those regular man cigars for years now. Co worker of mine insisted that I try a cafe nub cappacino, espresso and macchiato. After falling in love with the cafe blends i figured I'd give the winter blend a shot. I found them to be very refreshing, with a mint like taste and feelings of the cooler winter months which i found very calming.. the only downside was that I found some of the cigars tightly rolled, which had a poor draw and hard to smoke. For those sticks that were rolled correctly i found them to be a good smoke that lasted about 30 to 40 minutes. I would have given them 5 stars had there not been so many poor performers in the box of 20 i purchased. I thought about even given them 3 stars but for those sticks that had an easy draw, well my friends absolutely delicious! I would highly recommend giving those tasty little sticks a try"
Nub Nuance Seasonal by Oliva,2 out of 5,Construction Problem,"I have smoked a lot of Nub Nuance cigars, but this particular box had very poor construction on about 1/3 of the cigars. The the problem was that they were rolled so tightly it was like trying to suck a rock through a straw. I love the flavors, and will definitely buy again, but just was sorely disappointed in this batch. If the next box comes this way, I may permanently move on from this line."
Nub Nuance Seasonal by Oliva,5 out of 5,Good Flavor,Nub nuance fall flavor taste great and perfect for the season
Nub Nuance Seasonal by Oliva,4 out of 5,Good flavor some burn issues,I really like the flavor of these. The pumpkin is subtle. Tastes a lot like the Cafe line. Did have burn issues with a couple of the first ones. That's getting better as they rejuvenate in my humidor and recover from shipping.
Nub Nuance Seasonal by Oliva,5 out of 5,A Little Tight,"Instead of a nice and easy, full, nub-like draw, I found myself working hard just to keep it lit. The taste and smoke were simply delicious. I received several compliments from down-wind strangers regarding the scent of the smoke."
Nub Nuance Seasonal by Oliva,5 out of 5,NUB Fall Harvest,Seem okay. Have only tried one as of now. Ask me again in a week.
Nub Nuance Seasonal by Oliva,4 out of 5,The Nub Fall Harvest is,"The Nub Fall Harvest is a great smoke, taste great with my coffee. Aroma, draw, burn are all better than I had expected. It is not overly flavored, no sweetened cap. I definitely recommend this smoke.. 460"
Nub Nuance Seasonal by Oliva,5 out of 5,Nub Nuance Fall Harvest - A Great Night Cap,"Very smooth and tasty cigar, burns evenly and produces a very nice ash. Others have complained about the sweet tip, but I think it adds the right touch, not overly sweet, just a light sweet taste. Very pleasant aroma, only a hint of MILD pumpkin spice, even my wife liked it. A must try for sure."
Nub Nuance Seasonal by Oliva,5 out of 5,The best cigar yet,The best cigar yet
Nub Nuance Seasonal by Oliva,5 out of 5,"Great taste, burn and construction","Great tasting little cigars! I prefer these over the Fall Harvest but both are very tasty, excellent construction and burn. These cigars just go perfectly with a nice hot cup of coffee in the brisk mornings here in Arizona!!!"
Nub Nuance Seasonal by Oliva,3 out of 5,Cigars smoked good. Too much,Cigars smoked good. Too much cinnamon spice.
Nub Sumatra by Oliva,3 out of 5,Light smooth and good smoke,Light smooth and good smoke
Nub Sumatra by Oliva,5 out of 5,Nice flaver smokes evenly good,Nice flaver smokes evenly good to smoke when u have alittle relaxation
Nub Sumatra by Oliva,5 out of 5,My new favorite,My new favorite
Nub Sumatra by Oliva,4 out of 5,Good smoke!,Good smoke!
Nub Sumatra by Oliva,5 out of 5,This is a very good smoke,"My preference for cigars are full-bodied in flavor and this cigar did not disappoint, although it is not as full-bodied to what I am used to. Each stick was consistent in the pack with regard to flavor and freshness and the construction was well made. The flavor is nutty with a mild spiciness. I will purchase this again."
Nub Sumatra by Oliva,3 out of 5,"Good, but ...","Consistency of draw, flavor, and construct is what I expect. These smokes are inconsistent ... almost like 5 different sticks in 5-pack. Come on ... Quality Control, please."
Nub Sumatra by Oliva,4 out of 5,NUB,A great cigar for a small package.
Nub Sumatra by Oliva,4 out of 5,Like them,I like Nub cigars so figured would give these a try. Good construction as usual and nice medium body
Nub Sumatra by Oliva,5 out of 5,Nubs,"Nice smell and flavor, this is my first time trying this nub flavor but won’t be my last"
Nub Sumatra by Oliva,5 out of 5,Nubs,"Great cigar, perfect draw start to finish. Great tasting smoke"
Nub Sumatra by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Nub Sumatra by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great Smokes,Nubs burn slowly and taste great
Nub Sumatra by Oliva,4 out of 5,good smoke,These are little gems
Nub Sumatra by Oliva,5 out of 5,Occasional cigar smoker,"Loved it. Smooth
,yet plenty of flavor without the sharp tang/ bitter taste at the end."
Nub Sumatra by Oliva,4 out of 5,Good smoke,All the nubs I smoke they all have a great burn and taste love them all
Nub Sumatra by Oliva,4 out of 5,Robust yet smooth,Perfect for a 30 min walk in the fall. Nutty undertones from the start with a robust yet smith smoke. Very enjoyable.
Nub Sumatra by Oliva,4 out of 5,The Nub,The nubs are always well made. Nice tobaccos. I’m a fan cause they are always a good burn and great smoke.
Nub Sumatra by Oliva,3 out of 5,I know the reason behind nub,"And..... I guess they forgot what part of the cigar they were supposed to sell. I love nub cigars, even the cafe series, but this one was a miss.. flavors seemed off. Like drinking orange juice after you brush your teeth. It didnt smoke like a nub either... that I can blame on the 10 days they sat in the back of a truck shipping to my house..."
Nub Sumatra by Oliva,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Nub Sumatra by Oliva,5 out of 5,Surprised,"Tasteful, slow burning, and delightful little cigar."
Nub Sumatra by Oliva,5 out of 5,A great Nub addition,This was my first time to smoke this cigar and it was really a great treat helping me to have a relaxing 45 minutes on the porch!
Nub Sumatra by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great Nub Cigar!,"Wow, what an outstanding cigar in such a small package. This is a well made, tasty cigar. Have no complaints, Well, it’s just too dang small. :)"
Nub Sumatra by Oliva,4 out of 5,Nubs cigars,"I loved the nubs, they burn good great little cigars"
Nub Sumatra by Oliva,5 out of 5,NUB cigars,They are great....short sweet and to the point.
Nub Sumatra by Oliva,5 out of 5,Nub Studio,"I really enjoy Nub cigars. The new Studio is milder-but a good stick. burns rather quickly-more of a before dinner cigar. Really a nice change of pace from
the full cigars. Will keep them in stock!!!"
Nub Sumatra by Oliva,5 out of 5,Nub Sumatra 460,"Great cigar, mild and mellow."
Nub Sumatra by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"Long, slow burn. Medium bodied. Another great stock from Nub."
Nub Sumatra by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great little Cigar,Burns well with an excellent even draw. I personally love the balanced taste.
Nub Sumatra by Oliva,4 out of 5,A nice smoke. The Madura,A nice smoke. The Madura remains my favorite but this is nice for a change.
Nub Sumatra by Oliva,5 out of 5,Tommy likes,Like the main description of this cigar states - it has the same wrapper as the Serie V Melanio which is a personal favorite (though I like the Melanio Maduro more than the natural). This Nub Sumatra is by far my favorite Nub and believe me I tried all of them several times over. Thank you Oliva!
Nub Sumatra by Oliva,4 out of 5,A welcome addition to the NUB family!,"A nice smoke at a nice price point. As a fan of the 460's NUB has hit a home run with this release; a medium bodied stick with a lot of flavor. Well constructed as you'd expect with a nice burn,. On my third box now - this is becoming my go-to cigar."
Nub Sumatra by Oliva,5 out of 5,Yes,Love this cigar
Obsidian,5 out of 5,Very good,Very good
Obsidian,4 out of 5,DRAW ISSUES,First time smoking the Gordo. Same profile (med./full) as the toro and robusto. Nice smoke generator. Draw issues on several not all. Good golf cigar.
Obsidian,4 out of 5,Good smoke,"Great taste, easy burn, great for the price."
Obsidian,4 out of 5,"Good flavor, at least one","Good flavor, at least one of them always burns funny and falls apart while smoking. Might be my humidor, but if it was, wouldn't it affect all of them?"
Obsidian,4 out of 5,Good cigar well constructed,Good cigar well constructed
Obsidian,5 out of 5,This cigar was a very,This cigar was a very pleasant surprise! Wish i had got a bigger one!!
Obsidian,5 out of 5,Good smoke when you don't,Good smoke when you don't have time for a full size cigar
Obsidian,5 out of 5,"Great overall, too short","Great flavor, burn, and nice, heady smoke, no negatives, just ended too soon."
Obsidian,5 out of 5,Great value.,"I like full bodied maduros, and that describes Obsidian. A really great smoke, especially at this price. The perfect size for an afternoon working from home."
Obsidian,5 out of 5,Very good smokes,Very good smokes
Obsidian,3 out of 5,Ok for the price,Ok for the price
Obsidian,4 out of 5,Underestimated,"This was an after thought when ordering, but unbelievably surprising. Fantastic flavor profile and a smooth draw. Best surprise in a long time."
Obsidian,5 out of 5,Short Gordo,This is a nice full cigar.
Obsidian,5 out of 5,Very good smoke,Very good smoke
Obsidian,5 out of 5,It's a good hearty smoke,It's a good hearty smoke stays litesmokes evenly
Obsidian,4 out of 5,Good price for these cigars,Good price for these cigars
Obsidian,5 out of 5,Obsidian,OK for a quick smoke
Obsidian,5 out of 5,Fantastic,Great smooth smoke... rich flavor great smoke smell....
Obsidian,5 out of 5,Great aroma,"Rested 5 days before i grabbed one out of the box, aroma of the stick itself reminded me of a York peppermint patty. Smoke was cool and earthy with a slight sweet cream then faded to dark coffee towards the end. loved the aroma of the smoke while the stick was idling on the stand. Ash was bright white and made it over half way before i rolled it off in fear of it falling off. great stick for the price!"
Obsidian,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke for the quick moments when you just don't have the time for the big dogs.
Obsidian,5 out of 5,Obsidian,Fairly decent cigars
Obsidian,4 out of 5,Good smoke,"Good smoke for the money, but not very sophisticated in taste. Goes great with expresso or latte."
Obsidian,3 out of 5,Perfect quick smoke,Great little smoke starts peppery then goes vanilla soda then ends with a bit of a peppery finish.
Obsidian,5 out of 5,"Strong experience, interesting flavors","Strong flavors of aged hay and railroad ties (not in a bad way). Reminds me of some English blends of pipe tobacco, especially GL Pease Gaslight. Good draw and construction. Packs a punch. Definitely not for beginners or the faint of heart."
Obsidian,5 out of 5,smooth,my husband loved them
Obsidian,5 out of 5,Nice draw. Tasteful,Nice draw. Tasteful
Obsidian,5 out of 5,Nice,"One of my favorite go to‘s. I am no real cigar connoisseur, but this is a nice budget friendly smoke"
Obsidian,3 out of 5,Not bad better than white,Not bad better than white label
Obsidian,5 out of 5,Best ever !!,"Obsidian is my favorite smoke. I’ll do anything maduro, but Obsidian by far has the best taste and flavor, and an easy draw."
Obsidian,3 out of 5,nothing to write home about,Not terrible but not going to make you want more
Obsidian,5 out of 5,PrettyGood!,You should Definitely try it out. This cigar is packed with flavor. Slight cream with some fruity notes along with some earth notes.
Obsidian,5 out of 5,Outstanding!,A great cigar. Strong. and nice thick smoke.
Obsidian,5 out of 5,Great,Need more always on backorder
Obsidian,4 out of 5,Good smoke,"I rate my daily smokes as a three and my once a week high end indulgences as fives. My dailies are good but if I need to leave them unfinished I can.
This Obsidian can't be left unfinished and provides lots of flavor and cool smoke right down to the fingers."
Obsidian,5 out of 5,My go to.,"Dark, oily, and leathery. A go to for people who like heavy cigars with a super smooth finish. Always have these in my humidor."
Obsidian,4 out of 5,go for it GREAT,"well rolled fully packed solid good draw slow burner good flavor few vaines .
I am a 6x60 but this work for me. set it down come back still going !"
Obsidian,5 out of 5,Obsidian,New to me. Loved them.
Obsidian,4 out of 5,Great Cigar,Great Cigar especially for the money. Although the White Noise is more to my taste this one still rocks.
Obsidian,5 out of 5,good cigar,"A friend gave me a 5 pack( they were a little dry), got another 5 pack and they were great. even the drier ones were good after a couple of days in the humidor. would definitely buy again."
Obsidian,4 out of 5,Very good,"The build of the stick is great, and it's a consistent smoke from ignition to ""burning your knuckles"" time. I thought it had a little bit more of an sharp taste to it than I like in a Maduro. But overall I was very happy with the stick. I'd buy again."
Obsidian,4 out of 5,Obsidian Robusto,I’m smoking one as I write. It’s a cool slow burning smoke with peppery pop. An excellent cigar that I’ve bought often and will buy again in the future
Obsidian,5 out of 5,Mike W,nice cigar for a quick smoke when I don't have the time to enjoy a bigger cigar.
Obsidian,5 out of 5,Nice Smoke,Smooth and very good smoke
Obsidian,5 out of 5,My Favorite any day smoke.,"These cigars are an absolute favorite. A treat at any hour. I have a humidor full of them and for good reason- a smoke that boasts consistent plumes of a beautiful and dark smoke. Though packed densely with bitter earth notes and spice, couldn’t be harsh even if you dipped it in gasoline first. A favorite that will remain on hand as long as they are available."
Obsidian,5 out of 5,Obsidian,"Great smoke, great flavor.... I'll buy again"
Obsidian,4 out of 5,Pretty smooth smoke,Pretty smooth smoke
Obsidian,5 out of 5,Long time Favorite!,Always a good dependable smoke.
Obsidian,4 out of 5,"good, but not great.",Wrapped a little to loose. Taste ok but burned too fast.
Obsidian,5 out of 5,cigar review,excellent smoking cigar
Obsidian,5 out of 5,Dark and Delicious,Great cigar has been one of my favorites for many years. Full body and packed with tons of flavor.
Obsidian Redrum,5 out of 5,Great value,Great cigars and delivered as advertised
Obsidian Redrum,5 out of 5,Very good smoke,Very good smoke
Obsidian Redrum,4 out of 5,Fine Cigar,"Nice flavor profile, good burn for the most part. Had to touch up a couple. Would purchase again."
Obsidian Redrum,5 out of 5,nice smoke,nice quality cigar. smooth smoke.
Obsidian Redrum,5 out of 5,Very nice cigar has a,Very nice cigar has a smooth taste
Obsidian Redrum,4 out of 5,Enjoyable,Satisfying smoke.
Obsidian Redrum,5 out of 5,Not a bad smoke at,Not a bad smoke at all
Obsidian Redrum,4 out of 5,Enkoyable cigars,These are mellow enough for everyday and relaxing enough to be enjoyed anyway.
Obsidian Redrum,5 out of 5,Very nice,"An excellent cigar. Slow burn, flavorful. However, the shipping was atrociously long. 8 days from ship date."
Obsidian Redrum,4 out of 5,Great buy !,Great buy !
Obsidian Redrum,3 out of 5,Mediocre,It was ok
Obsidian Redrum,3 out of 5,Good flavor,I liked the leaf its wrapped in with good flavor. Middle burned with well while first and last thirds were hard to keep lit with an even ash. I am wondering if the ends are wrapped a little tighter than the middle.
Obsidian Redrum,4 out of 5,Good smoke,"Easy draw, very good smoke"
Obsidian Redrum,5 out of 5,Outstanding smoke!,Outstanding smoke!
Obsidian Redrum,4 out of 5,Solid smoke that’s worth your time and money,"Have never been disappointed with the offerings from Obsidian and this is no exception. Solid, solid cigar despite a little canoeing from first one smoked and some touch up needed.
However, not enough minuses to mar my enjoyment. While not an exceptional “wow” type of smoke, it’s still worth trying and buying again—very, very good, just not very great. I would look for again."
Obsidian Redrum,3 out of 5,"Don’t sleep on Obsidian, give it a shot...","Smooth and subtle, don’t let the size and name give you the wrong impression. First 3rd comes through with mellow spices and cream flavor. The second 3rd kicks up with cocoa and leather. You’ll be ready to transition between second and final 3rd’s but might miss it considering you’ve already had the best part of this cigar. It does not get better so stay humble. Considering the price of these sticks, it’s easier to judge before having a smoke. Do yourself a favor and indulge in what is a cost effective option at a medium bodied Robusto."
Obsidian Redrum,4 out of 5,Great Stick but Inconsistent Burn,Very tasty stick. I have to say that I would buy again. I was disappointed in the burn consistency. I've smoke 9 of 20 and each burn differently with most being uneven.
Obsidian Redrum,5 out of 5,Redrum awesome,Great smoke I think this is the ghost blend from the obsidian experimental sampler that was out a few years back
Obsidian Redrum,5 out of 5,Redrum,Awesome cigars. Very balanced and maintain flavor throughout the entire smoke
Obsidian Redrum,4 out of 5,"These smoked extremely well, even","These smoked extremely well, even burn, nice spice. Best of the Obsidian line. I will definitely buy again."
Obsidian Redrum,4 out of 5,Solid long leaf cigar,"Good long leaf cigar, minimal small leaf and filler used,"
Obsidian Redrum,4 out of 5,Redrum Toro,"Not overly impressed. Only tried two or three, but not easy draw and average flavor when compared to Obsidian or Obsidian White Noise"
Obsidian Redrum,4 out of 5,Great Smoke,"Great flavor, clean & consistent throughout. Bit of an uneven burn, but no effect on a great experience."
Obsidian Redrum,4 out of 5,Solid,"Spicy, tons of smoke even burn. Buying a box once they come off backorder"
Obsidian White Noise,5 out of 5,Excellent...superb quality...fine cigar.,Excellent...superb quality...fine cigar.
Obsidian White Noise,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Unfortunately CI doesn't offer very many options for free shipping but one of my favorite cigars!
Obsidian White Noise,4 out of 5,Obsidian White Noise mini corona,"Having smoked this blend on several occasions, it was going to revisit. The wrapper was seriously oily. It's a powerful smoke,but tasty, showing coffee, pepper and sweat tobacco. The small size is excellent when you don't have a lot of time or with your morning coffee. I'll come back to this one again"
Obsidian White Noise,4 out of 5,Good smoke. I like the,Good smoke. I like the obsidian Black better
Obsidian White Noise,5 out of 5,Consistently good,One of my favorite cigars. Quality is always as expected
Obsidian White Noise,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar,Very smooth with a nice even burn.
Obsidian White Noise,5 out of 5,White Noise,Very good cigar-you can smoke them all day.
Obsidian White Noise,5 out of 5,Smooth,"This solidly built cigar , relative of the Black Wrapper Obsidian, has a great draw, with lots of smoke, and a just slightly less strength than the Black. I enjoy it a lot, and my friends will often turn down other cigars if there are no white noise in my humidor."
Obsidian White Noise,5 out of 5,Smoooth,"Quick, smooth cigar with medium body."
Obsidian White Noise,4 out of 5,"Good, not great","Good smoke. A little of an uneven burn and loose draw...but full of flavor. Lots of red pepper up front, some black in the first half. Mellows our in the last half with leather and coffee. For the price it’s under valued."
Obsidian White Noise,5 out of 5,Still remember this one....,Got it in a choose 5 packs of 5 simpler about a year ago and I can't wait to get more! I still remember this cigar. Summer sunsets cant come soon enough!
Obsidian White Noise,5 out of 5,Enjoyed,Consistently good smoke
Obsidian White Noise,4 out of 5,Will I smoke this cigar again?,Found this stick hurst with red and white pepper spice in the first eighth. Did mellow out a lot too a creamy sweet nutty and white pepper flavor. Did find it to burn off centered and loose on the draw. Not my most favorite cigar but will try again. Probably won’t order this brand again.
Obsidian White Noise,5 out of 5,Humidor Staple,"Smooth draw. Good construction, only had slight tunneling on one. Very delicious. It starts off with a nice toasty/buttery flavor and develops sweetness eventually evolving into an almost dried fruit flavor. One of my favorites. Will definitely order more."
Obsidian White Noise,5 out of 5,Love Obsidians,This is a surprise taste of mild cigar. It’s tasteful and yet smooth. Definitely a repeat order.
Obsidian White Noise,4 out of 5,"Good cigar, with a good","Good cigar, with a good price!"
Obsidian White Noise,4 out of 5,Best bang for your buck!!!,Best medium flavor and strength cigar box for your buck out there.
Obsidian White Noise,4 out of 5,Have smoke,It’s a great cigar but really thick smoke I enjoyed the draw and taste if you can caught them on sale it’s worth the purchase
Obsidian White Noise,5 out of 5,Good smoke,I had ran out of a medium full cigars saw a good deal on these even though they were small in length very enjoyable while I hesitated to give it a five I felt like it deserves more than four
Obsidian White Noise,4 out of 5,White noise,Nice flavor good size burns a little funky
Obsidian White Noise,5 out of 5,Good consistent cigar for a,Good consistent cigar for a good price
Obsidian White Noise,5 out of 5,White noise,This brand is a very smooth cigar I love it and it’s aroma is very nice the cigar is a very nice smoke with no afterbite
Obsidian White Noise,5 out of 5,Obsidian white noyse,One of my favorites. Nice easy smoke with a good even burn
Obsidian White Noise,4 out of 5,Solid Smoke,A good smoke.
Obsidian White Noise,5 out of 5,Very pleasant Cigar,A smooth smoke all the way to the end.
Obsidian White Noise,4 out of 5,A good cigar,A good cigar
Obsidian White Noise,4 out of 5,good smoke,smokes very well
Obsidian White Noise,4 out of 5,Solid everyday cigar,Solid everyday cigar
Obsidian White Noise,5 out of 5,Great cigar.....great price,This is a great smoke that I've enjoyed sharing with family and friends. Would highly recommend this cigar.
Obsidian White Noise,4 out of 5,good cigar,good cigar for money but band very difficult to remove without damaging cigar
Obsidian White Noise,3 out of 5,Not a bad cigar.,Burned uneven is the biggest issue. No matter how slow I smoked it burned uneven. Other than that it's a mediocre cigar. I will stay with the New Cuba's or buy a Gurkha.
Obsidian White Noise,5 out of 5,Nice inexpensive cigars when doing chores,"Good cigar for mowing and playing golf. Can't complain due to the price, its a good smoke"
Obsidian White Noise,5 out of 5,"The smoke was real smooth,","The smoke was real smooth, but trying to get the white wrap is a pain to get off without damaging the cigar."
Obsidian White Noise,2 out of 5,Burns to fast not a,Burns to fast not a good tasting cigar
Obsidian White Noise,4 out of 5,Obsidian white noise,"while I like these cigars, and always have. for some reason this box has problems with the wrappers. They are difficult to get off - never had this problem in the past - and sometimes the wrapper rips trying to get them off."
Obsidian White Noise,3 out of 5,Not bad,Not bad
Obsidian White Noise,4 out of 5,a great cigar,"i have bought this a couple times before and have never been disappointed. good construction, burns well, smooth and tasty stick. great value with CI's great pricing. will have to buy some more because my buddies seemed to like them as well...."
Obsidian White Noise,5 out of 5,White noise ....... yeah Baby,These hidden gems are a great find. They smoke fantastic with great taste from end to end. My only problem is that I shared with friends and now am going to have to reorder. I guess there are worse things that can happen. Lol
Obsidian White Noise,5 out of 5,White Noise,Great smoke smooth
Obsidian White Noise,3 out of 5,OK,OK. Uneven burn
Obsidian White Noise,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"Got these in a sampler package. I really enjoyed it. Smooth and mild , a great smoke"
Obsidian White Noise,5 out of 5,Great,Good smoke
Obsidian White Noise,4 out of 5,Consistent Obsidian White Noise,Burns well and tastes great.
Obsidian White Noise,3 out of 5,Smooth,"Not a memorable smoke but not disappointing. Nice mild flavor, decent burn and acceptable ash. Shared one with a buddy who had never had one and he liked it but wasn’t “wow” either. I think it’s best suited as a midday golfing cigar"
Obsidian White Noise,4 out of 5,Nice smoke,Nice smoke
Obsidian White Noise,4 out of 5,Obsidian White Noise,Very good cigar. Smooth and flavorful with a good solid burn. With its excellent price point it’s always welcome in my humidor.
Obsidian White Noise,4 out of 5,Good Smoke,"Got this in a sampler (I like samplers). Surprise to me it was pretty good. Good enough to order again. It has a medium-full taste leaning towards the full. Like my title states, a good smoke. I'd recommend Obsidian for every day, hanging out smoke."
Obsidian White Noise,5 out of 5,Good cigars,"I,m a big fan of these cigars they burn even and have a spicy sweet tobacco flavor that I really enjoy. I always enjoy 1 after sunday dinner..."
Obsidian White Noise,4 out of 5,Live and Learn,Not very exciting a smoke. Aftertaste nothing to brag about.
Obsidian White Noise,5 out of 5,It is a good cigar,It is a good cigar however the paper is wrapped to tightly around the cigar and is very difficult to remove. You might want to let Obsidian know this so they can correct the issue and loosen it a bit.
Odyssey Coffee,5 out of 5,Nice flavor for a good price,A nice cigar for the price
Odyssey Coffee,5 out of 5,Great smoke made even better,Great smoke made even better by the price!
Odyssey Coffee,4 out of 5,I chew cigars,"I like the Odyssey, Prefer CI coffee"
Odyssey Coffee,5 out of 5,Nice flavor. Smooth smoke. Comparable,Nice flavor. Smooth smoke. Comparable to the Macanudo M.
Odyssey Coffee,5 out of 5,Great Flavor,"Can’t beat this Gem, I tried these on a hope and a prayer, TRUST, they didn’t disappoint-the price is GREAT!!!!"
Odyssey Coffee,5 out of 5,The best coffee cigar I've had,"I don't usually get flavored cigars but these are so good I felt compelled to write a review about it. The coffee flavor is both in the air and on your lips without it being overwhelming like some other flavored cigars out there. I strongly recommend this to anyone who likes coffee, but those for a shorter daily smoke.. maybe in the morning with a cup of coffee.. or at night for a quickie."
Odyssey Coffee,3 out of 5,Not to bad for the $,Wasn’t to bad of a cigar for the price would have liked a little more coffee flavor in it
Odyssey Coffee,4 out of 5,Odessey coffee short torpedo,For the $ a very nice little smoke. I thought it was a bit short on coffee but an overall good tobacco flavour. Will definitely order again.
Odyssey Coffee,5 out of 5,Very Satisfied,"Took a chance on the odyssey based on reviews, I am very satisfied - great flavor which last to the end and the burn I compare to a ten dollar cigar!!!"
Odyssey Coffee,4 out of 5,Perfect short flavor smoke,Just tried for first time nice coffee notes creamy not bad at all !!!!!!
Odyssey Connecticut,3 out of 5,Odessey,A good cigar for the price mellow and usually burns quite decently for under a buck a stick.
Odyssey Connecticut,5 out of 5,Very good cigars,Very good cigars
Odyssey Connecticut,5 out of 5,cigars,Very good
Odyssey Connecticut,5 out of 5,Odyssey Connecticut,Great inexpensive smoke!!
Odyssey Connecticut,4 out of 5,"Mild with good burn, however","Mild with good burn, however puff end did not hold firm"
Odyssey Connecticut,4 out of 5,For an off-brand these cigars,For an off-brand these cigars are a good value. Looking for an inexpensive smoke? These will not disappoint.
Odyssey Connecticut,4 out of 5,Great cigar for the price.,Great cigar for the price.
Odyssey Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good cigar. Fragile wrapper.,"A friend gifted me an Odyssey gigante and I like the flavor. I assumed this was a mixed filler stick because it's so cheap, but the ash held a good 2"" before falling off, so I'm not sure. The only reason I docked it a star is the fragility of the wrapper. But everything else about this cigar was spot on."
Odyssey Connecticut,4 out of 5,great price for a good draw,good cigar
Odyssey Connecticut,3 out of 5,It's OK!,"It's OK. Since it's a blend, some are better than others the smoke itself is just OK. However, for the price, a reasonable for a humidor filler."
Odyssey Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great Mild Smoke,"I was in Savannah Ga and went to this little cigar store and these were priced at $3 a stick. I asked the lady at the desk if she knew anything about these. She said that when someone would buy one, they would always come back and buy more. So I bought 2 went to a bar tried it out and went back and bought 5 more to take home. I like them. You can’t beat them for the price..."
Odyssey Connecticut,4 out of 5,No sweet cap?,What sweet cap mine don't have a sweetened cap but still a good mild smoke for the money
Odyssey Connecticut,5 out of 5,Delicious and smooth.,Delicious and smooth.
Odyssey Connecticut,5 out of 5,Will buy again.,I’m not an aficionado by any means and this is an ideal smoke for those that like an occasional (daily?) smoke and can’t justify spending big bucks.
Odyssey Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great for the price a nice cigar
Odyssey Connecticut,3 out of 5,A little fast burning,A little fast burning
Odyssey Connecticut,4 out of 5,A Bargain here!,"I'm reordering. For the price they beat out what CI calls 96 rated cigars.
I've had those 96 rated and many are rip off's
This is a bargain, I'll keep these on my list."
Odyssey Connecticut,4 out of 5,A nice gem,"Actually quite surprised at these smokes. Nicely made, consistent and even smoke. I think this is a gem. Would reorder."
Odyssey Connecticut,3 out of 5,Ok,Not bad. Affordable.
Odyssey Connecticut,5 out of 5,Surprise!,"Surprisingly good! Good taste, even burn."
Odyssey Connecticut,4 out of 5,I enjoy it very much.,"I enjoy it very much. The mildness, length, and ring are just right for me.
Towards the end I sometimes have all pieces of tobacco in my mouth,
Other than that I like the cigar."
Odyssey Connecticut,4 out of 5,Mellow/Worth the Money,"Nothing Fancy. But, it gets the job done. Mellow-decent burn-if you smoke 4-5 a week this is great on your pocket book. Would purchase again!"
Odyssey Connecticut,5 out of 5,Odyssey churchill,"What's not to love, great flavor, great price."
Odyssey Connecticut,4 out of 5,Odyssey Connecticut,"Good basic cigar.
Price is right."
Odyssey Connecticut,4 out of 5,odysey,hubby likes them
Odyssey Connecticut,4 out of 5,"I like the size , lite smoke, would like longer leaf cut",I really injoyed this cigar this is my 3 order of this cigar
Odyssey Connecticut,4 out of 5,Odyssey- good cigar for the money,"Good cigar, nice and mild with good flavor. If I'm going to say anything against it I guess it would be that it smokes a little hot, but not bad for a mild cigar. I but them often so can't be that bad."
Odyssey Connecticut,3 out of 5,Okay,Okay
Odyssey Connecticut,3 out of 5,Decent everyday cigar,Decent everyday cigar
Odyssey Connecticut,3 out of 5,LIKE THE CIGAR EASY BURN,LIKE THE CIGAR EASY BURN SMOOTH TAEST GOOD EVERY DAY CIGAR MY FRIENDS SEEM TO LIKE OF COURSE THEY FREE FOR THEM
Odyssey Connecticut,4 out of 5,Everyday smoke,A decent smoke and a decent price. A good golf cigar
Odyssey Connecticut,4 out of 5,Odyssey Gigante,"One of my favorite lower cost cigars, always a consistent smoke for the money, my buddy and me smoke them on the Golf course."
Odyssey Connecticut,5 out of 5,Smooth,"Good smooth cigar,"
Odyssey Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great cigars,Great cigars
Odyssey Connecticut,2 out of 5,Wrapper,The cheap wrapper was the best part.
Odyssey Connecticut,5 out of 5,Oyssey Conn Churchill,An excellent cigar. I will order them again
Odyssey Connecticut,4 out of 5,Smooth,Great smoke right from the pack.
Odyssey Connecticut,4 out of 5,Mild smoke,Cigars burn evenly and taste pretty good. Tremendous value!
Odyssey Connecticut,4 out of 5,everyday smooth smoke,nice inexpensive smoke
Odyssey Connecticut,5 out of 5,Impressive,Will reorder it soon....count on it!
Odyssey Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great everyday cigar,"Mild, slow burning.great all day cigar"
Odyssey Connecticut,4 out of 5,Odyssea Habano,"Easy smoke, good burn, nice flavor. Would recommend for an inexpensive option."
Odyssey Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good value,"This is an inexpensive, well-done Toro. Good cigar for the money. Burns right, well worth the price. Improves in the humi."
Odyssey Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good 'short' for the money.,"Good 'short' for the money. Don't buy it thinking you're getting a Fuente. A quick, mostly satisfying smoke at a good value."
Odyssey Connecticut,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Mild the way I like them. Long smoke as well.
Odyssey Connecticut,3 out of 5,Not great,Hard to keep lit and filler is not rolled tight. Won’t buy again..
Odyssey Connecticut,5 out of 5,Good,Very mild and smooth.
Odyssey Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great Cigars,These Odyssey cigars ate a nice mild smoke for every day. Great price. Will buy more soon
Odyssey Connecticut,2 out of 5,not impressed,"not impressed. The taste was fine but out of the first 6, 4 canoed and 1 had a hollow spot"
Odyssey Connecticut,5 out of 5,Value,"Great smoke. And, great construction."
Odyssey Habano,5 out of 5,Cannot express what an amazing cigar this is,"Buy this cigar. At a dollar a stick, you can't afford to miss it. Beautiful flavor from such a cheap cigar, if you didn't tell me the price I would guess the Odyssey Habano was at least a 6 dollar stick. Smokes like dream. Wonderful draw, even burn, holds a cherry even when leaving it alone for 2 minutes. Quite dry mouth feel, prominent taste of cedar and hay with a very slight pepper finish. These are going to be my everyday smoke for a long time, and I can't wait to try the maduro next."
Odyssey Habano,4 out of 5,"Good cigar, good value.","Great daily cigar for a Habano lover like me. Good basic construction, even burn and most importantly, consistency from bundle to bundle... Always know what to expect and nothing more than it tries to be."
Odyssey Habano,4 out of 5,Good Bargain,"Last month I was introduced to Odyssey through the Habano toro, and decided this month to step up vitolas. Great construction on all but one, so far, and they taste great for a bargain stick."
Odyssey Habano,5 out of 5,Odyssey Habano Churchill,"Like the cigar very much, not too strong with a smooth taste. This is a staple in my humidor!"
Odyssey Habano,5 out of 5,Yeah Boy!,"Outstanding sticks. These have a great flavor profile and smoke incredibly well. Fantastic price for such a good bundle of sticks. Try them, you won't regret it."
Odyssey Habano,3 out of 5,"easy draw, mild cigar, good","easy draw, mild cigar, good backyard cigar"
Odyssey Habano,5 out of 5,Odyssey Habano,Excellent smoke from beginning to the end.
Odyssey Habano,4 out of 5,Odyssey,"For the price, this is a good cigar
Great while tinkering in the garage"
Odyssey Habano,5 out of 5,Pleasure,"Nice smooth draw, amazing flavor, taste and aroma. Highly recommended."
Odyssey Habano,3 out of 5,"Very lite cigar , burns","Very lite cigar , burns fast and unravels at the end"
Odyssey Habano,4 out of 5,Tip,Only reason to drop one star needs firmer tip..
Odyssey Habano,4 out of 5,EXCELLENT FLAVOR,great value for the price
Odyssey Habano,5 out of 5,odyssey cigar,A low priced wonderful cigar. I now have my friends hooked on them. Nicely wrapped great burn wonderful creamy nut taste.
Odyssey Habano,3 out of 5,Pretty good,Good everyday gar.
Odyssey Habano,3 out of 5,Its ok,Had some burn and staying lit issues. Still a good cigar for the money
Odyssey Habano,5 out of 5,Odyssey Habano,"Verry smooth flavorful , signs of a more expensive cigar."
Odyssey Habano,4 out of 5,VERY...nice smoke.,A good go-to cigar for everyday smoke.
Odyssey Habano,4 out of 5,Very nice for the money,A little milder than I thought it would be. So far they smoke great.
Odyssey Habano,5 out of 5,Good cigar,"Just finished one, smooth, not too strong, would definitely buy again
Good value smoke"
Odyssey Habano,5 out of 5,ody habana toro,great smoke i'm going to order more
Odyssey Habano,5 out of 5,Good every day cigar,"Keeping price in mind, I like these as my daily “burners”"
Odyssey Habano,2 out of 5,Wish I’d made a better choice,"I went with size, price and description. I didn’t realize that excluded taste and cool burning. They were rolled pretty loosely so they burned very well."
Odyssey Habano,4 out of 5,Good yard gar.,"Good choice for an everyday cigar. Medium, burns ok. Dang good price."
Odyssey Habano,4 out of 5,My opinion?,Very enjoyable. It’s a very affordable price I enjoy them as I’m at work or working around the house.
Odyssey Habano,4 out of 5,Average Smoke For a Good Price,"Like the title says, average but a good price. I don't rate 5 stars based solely on price but overall value, these are a great price but are a hit and miss smoke that aren't always consistent. I've smoked over a 100 of these so this is based on quite a few if them."
Odyssey Habano,4 out of 5,Won’t be a secret for long!,"A great everyday smoke. Consistent burn. Medium strength, at a great price point."
Odyssey Habano,4 out of 5,Nice,Nice
Odyssey Habano,3 out of 5,Everyday smoke,Tastey but a few sticks burned poorly. They tend to die quickly if not continually drawn on.
Odyssey Habano,5 out of 5,Consistently well constructed and good taste for the cost,"Consistently well constructed and good taste for the cost. I realy couldn't want more for a daily ""Burner"" smoke."
Odyssey Habano,2 out of 5,Ok,They burn up the side and don’t smoke well. It’s ok for a cheap cigar.
Odyssey Habano,2 out of 5,A Fair Cigar,"There many others that are better for the money. I found these cigars to lightly packed, not enough tobacco per cigar. Otherwise the taste is OK."
Odyssey Habano,4 out of 5,Everyday,Great everyday smoke.
Odyssey Habano,3 out of 5,Odyssey,Little spicy & lots of chunks of leaves which wasn’t good.
Odyssey Habano,5 out of 5,odyssey,"can't complain about this cigar , a good cigar for the price.."
Odyssey Habano,3 out of 5,I just prefer the Robusto,I just prefer the Robusto
Odyssey Habano,5 out of 5,Odyssey Habano - Corona And Toro,"I liked the Corona so much, I picked up a bundle of the Toros.
The bad comments about this cigar are way off base. All of them so far are great! No bad draws or flinty taste or anything due to construction.
They have a solid flavor to them. Very consistent from one cigar to the next. I use a wedge cut and they draw very very good.
You can see them in the picture and they are as they are advertised. Try them and you will see."
Odyssey Habano,4 out of 5,A great value for this smoke.,"Just a real medium bodied smoke at a great price. Not overwhelming with distinct Oak word notes. consistent rap, it won't fall apart on you and the burn is consistent."
Odyssey Habano,5 out of 5,Great taste !!!!,Great taste !!!!
Odyssey Habano,5 out of 5,Great cigar for the price,"Well constructed as has become the norm with the Odyssey brand. Lights and burns great. Nice change of pace from my favorite, Odyssey Connecticut. Will continue to keep both in my humidor"
Odyssey Habano,3 out of 5,Odyssey Habano,For the money it’s a nice smoking and enjoyable cigar!!
Odyssey Habano,4 out of 5,Good flavor cigar!,Good flavor cigar!
Odyssey Habano,5 out of 5,Company was recommended for their,"Company was recommended for their great products, service, and prices! We were pleased with all when experienced for ourselves. Now we recommend to others."
Odyssey Habano,5 out of 5,odyssey cigars,"A nice easy smoke that I can share with my Fed Ex, UPS and our mail person."
Odyssey Habano,3 out of 5,Not bad smoke for price,Not bad smoke for price
Odyssey Habano,5 out of 5,Better then some $4.00 cigars,"Nice draw , good burn flavor of a $4.00 cigar"
Odyssey Habano,3 out of 5,above average flavor,above average flavor
Odyssey Habano,2 out of 5,Look elsewhere for a daily,"Flavor was ok, but the cigars had a lot of problems. A lot of fiddle with these cigars. Uneven burning, many blocks. Don't recommend for a daily. Returned them so I wouldn't have to deal with the headache."
Odyssey Habano,3 out of 5,A little rough,A little rough
Odyssey Habano,3 out of 5,no complaints here.,no complaints here.
Odyssey Habano,3 out of 5,Oddessy,Okay for the price
Odyssey Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Value every day ciegar,Great Value every day ciegar
Odyssey Maduro,4 out of 5,"Often burn unevenly, but good for the price","I enjoy the flavor of these cigars, and for the price they are a good value. I have encountered issues with construction on about 1/4 of them, mainly uneven burn or restricted draw. For the price... I think it's to be expected."
Odyssey Maduro,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Odyssey Maduro,4 out of 5,Good smoke burns a little,Good smoke burns a little fast good peppery taste great price
Odyssey Maduro,4 out of 5,Excellent smooth smoke,Excellent smooth smoke
Odyssey Maduro,5 out of 5,Great value,If you're looking for a great everyday cigar. Look no further. Fantastic cigar.
Odyssey Maduro,4 out of 5,Good Value,"Nice, everyday smoke. Good flavor. Burned okay. Perfect for golf and lawn mowing."
Odyssey Maduro,4 out of 5,OdeseyMuduro,Great smoking but doesn’t always draw all around . Burns down the center leaving the outside unturned.
Odyssey Maduro,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Little rough on the skin but it’s true Maduro
Odyssey Maduro,5 out of 5,oddisey maduro,Good cigar and good value.
Odyssey Maduro,2 out of 5,Odyssey Maduro Toro,The price was right but I only found a couple that would draw. They acted like they were wrapped too tight.
Odyssey Maduro,1 out of 5,Burns uneven wrappers came apart.,Burns uneven wrappers came apart. Not a very good cigar even for the price.
Odyssey Maduro,3 out of 5,Good cigar for the price!,Good cigar for the price!
Odyssey Maduro,3 out of 5,Odyssey,"Some of the cigars are constructed well, great price, however they’re inconsistent when it comes to smoking. Most are very hard to light, and when they do they have a tendency to tunnel because the outside wrappers are to moist. I’ve got about half of them left trying to slowly dry them out. Only one has burned normally. Not sure I’d buy them again because it’s to frustrating to light or smoke without a lot of work before you just throw it away."
Odyssey Sweet Tip,4 out of 5,Good morning smoke,Good for golfing
Odyssey Sweet Tip,5 out of 5,Smooth and long lasting with,Smooth and long lasting with a sweet tip
Odyssey Sweet Tip,5 out of 5,"Odyssey,",Great smoke. Good draw and taste great.
Odyssey Sweet Tip,5 out of 5,"I like them, don’t raise","I like them, don’t raise price"
Odyssey Sweet Tip,4 out of 5,Good cigar,"It’s a really good smoke for the price I got the Gordo size. Not too strong and not too weak. Don’t care for the sweet tip I rise that off. Taste is good, lasts a while I would buy again. Good cigar to share"
Odyssey Sweet Tip,5 out of 5,Perfect Medium Sweet Smoke,"I absolutely love this cigar. I find it perfect for those who enjoy a medium sweeter cigar but do not enjoy how overwhelming and perfume-like other infused or sweet cigars can be. I find this to be a perfect medium sweet smoke. Not overwhelming at all. If you enjoy Isla Del Sol, Rough Rider Sweets, Tabak, Java I feel like you will enjoy these, and for the price you can't beat it."
Odyssey Sweet Tip,4 out of 5,Could inhale but I don't recommend it,Great construction tip is the sweetest I've ever smoked it is very light and smooth slight nutty and creamy good for a beginner or if you want a very mild smoke first third starting to get a. Toasty flavor can't wait to get to the last third good draw and even burn price is right for a mild smoke
Odyssey Sweet Tip,4 out of 5,Good cigars for the price,Good cigars for the price
Odyssey Sweet Tip,4 out of 5,"Fast burn, but good.",I am really enjoying these. The only complaint I have and the reason I am giving 4 stars is the burn fast.
Ole Shenandoah Cheroots,4 out of 5,Ole Shenandoah Shenandoah,Very nice
Ole Shenandoah Cheroots,4 out of 5,"Good for a quick smoke, way better then backwoods","This is my second order, I take them out of the pouch and sore them on cedar.
The longer they sit in my humidor the better."
Ole Shenandoah Cheroots,4 out of 5,They look terrible but the,They look terrible but the short smoke is not bad for the price. I enjoy them more than some of the more expense small cigars
Ole Shenandoah Cheroots,3 out of 5,Small,These were tasty but I prefer a larger ring gauge. 2 small for my fat fingers.
Ole Shenandoah Cheroots,4 out of 5,nice smoke,Nice smoke and long lasting for the size. taste is mild. Would recommend
Ole Shenandoah Cheroots,4 out of 5,Quick and easy.,Busy day? No time for yourself? No time for a two hour break with your favorite cigar? Ol'e Shenandoah fits right in .
Ole Shenandoah Cheroots,4 out of 5,A no worry snack that does the job,There isnt much difference between these and Backwoods. An easy smoke with no worries if it gets damaged or wet. I like getting them from CI because it's cheaper than retail.
Ole Shenandoah Cheroots,5 out of 5,Kudos CI,Excellent as alway!
Ole Shenandoah Cheroots,5 out of 5,A Taste of Heaven,when you open the package you get a wonderful smell and when you light up you get a taste of heaven
Ole Shenandoah Cheroots,3 out of 5,pretty good,a very good chocalate cigar
Ole Shenandoah Cheroots,4 out of 5,They're ok.,"Thought I'd try them. These were ok. A little flavored, and I'm not into flavored smokes."
Ole Shenandoah Cheroots,5 out of 5,Extremely Pleased,"Really Nice smoking cigar, and really cheap! You get the display and everything! I wanted these for a quick smoke, maybe just having a beer or two stopping by a friend's house these are great so you don't stay the afternoon! Really good flavor profile for a small and cheap cigar. Better than backwoods in my opinion!"
Ole Shenandoah Cheroots,3 out of 5,Just ok,These are not for me after trying them. I like the the more full size cigars.
Ole Shenandoah Cheroots,5 out of 5,tasty,Tasty tasty tasty
Ole Shenandoah Cheroots,4 out of 5,"Better than Backwoods, more consistent","Better than Backwoods, more consistent"
Ole Shenandoah Cheroots,4 out of 5,Pleasantly suprised,"Pleasantly surprised. I was looking for something to smoke in the cold weather while out with the dog. This works nicely. Good price, decent flavor, worth buying."
Ole Shenandoah Cheroots,5 out of 5,Good Cheroots,Awesome little stogies. The bootlegged flavor is pretty tasty.
Ole Shenandoah Cheroots,5 out of 5,Quite the bargain.,"Taint the prettiest, but it draws well and burns slow and evenly. The taste makes me want to start smoking again. Well worth the price."
Ole Shenandoah Cheroots,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Ole Shenandoah Cheroots,3 out of 5,"Decent smoke, excellent price.",Certainly worth the price for this 15 to 20 minute smoke.
Ole Shenandoah Cheroots,4 out of 5,Forget Backwoods,"Forget the ""decent substitute for Backwoods"" reviews you've read and listen to me. Backwoods do not compare to these. Backwoods are higher priced b/c years ago they landed a contract with Walmart and became popular.
Ole Shenandoah's are fresher, crisper, more flavorful, stay lit, burn more evenly and don't leave that dull, 'machine-rolled' aftertaste.
These start out very smooth but still flavorful. As the smoke progresses it becomes full-flavored, very smokey and very enjoyable. The only reason I don't give it 5 stars is because the progression never stops. The very end of the smoke becomes very harsh. But still. For what these costs, it is THE BEST short smoke cheroot on the market."
Ole Shenandoah Cheroots,5 out of 5,Pleasantly surprised,Great bang for the buck. A mellow smoke. Burns well. Resealable package. I prefer these over the Backwoods.
Ole Shenandoah Cheroots,5 out of 5,Awesome! Big Bang for your buck!,Awesome little cigars for a quick smoke! Really great tasting and they burn really nice! Definitely a great price for such a tasty little cigar
Ole Shenandoah Cheroots,5 out of 5,"Tastes AND smells awesome! Yup, these win!",Bootlegged tastes and smells awesome! What a great little smoke. CI wins again!
Ole Shenandoah Cheroots,5 out of 5,Nice,Nice
Ole Shenandoah Cheroots,4 out of 5,Ole Shenandoah,Taste and great price
Ole Shenandoah Cheroots,5 out of 5,Great Cigars.,Great Cigars. Way better than Backwoods which I used to buy before their price went up and quality went down. The Ziploc pack they come in is very nice also to keep them fresh longer. Great quality.
Ole Shenandoah Cheroots,5 out of 5,cheroot,there great
Ole Shenandoah Cheroots,5 out of 5,Cheroot,"Tasty, smooth and just the right size for a quick smoke. Love them. Steve S."
Ole Shenandoah Cheroots,4 out of 5,Great flavor.,Great little cigars for when you have much time.
Ole Shenandoah Cheroots,5 out of 5,Ole Shenandoah,Good price good flavor pleasant smoke
Ole Shenandoah Cheroots,5 out of 5,Great Casual Cigar,"Perfect for a commute or a short smoke, love these, I keep them next to my humidor."
Ole Shenandoah Cheroots,4 out of 5,OleShenendoacheroot.,Nice smoke if you just have time to enjoy a short cigar . I’d say you should try these.
Ole Shenandoah Cheroots,5 out of 5,great value,best small smoke for my drive home from work
Ole Shenandoah Cheroots,4 out of 5,Not bad,Reasonably good substitute for Backwoods. Cheaper price is a plus.
Ole Shenandoah Cheroots,3 out of 5,Good for a quick smoke.,These are very mild cheroots. Good for the price though.
Ole Shenandoah Cheroots,5 out of 5,nice smoke,"I replaced backwoods with theses, not a bad choice."
Ole Shenandoah Cheroots,4 out of 5,Go to cigarillo,Channel your inner Clint Eastwood and buy these. My go to cigarillo.
Ole Shenandoah Cheroots,5 out of 5,old shenandoah appalachian Harvest Cheroots,These sweet treats are a perfect finish for all of my smoking sessions.
Ole Shenandoah Cheroots,4 out of 5,Ole Shenandoah,Much better than Backwoods priced right
Ole Shenandoah Cheroots,4 out of 5,Nice quick cheroot smoke,"Full flavored, nice draw and for the money good buy."
Ole Shenandoah Cheroots,3 out of 5,Shenandoah harvest,"Decent product, had a funk to the taste on these harvest series, burns well but, I’m sticking with backwoods, they’re worth the price"
Ole Shenandoah Cheroots,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Ole Shenandoah Cheroots,5 out of 5,Drive home,"Best way to end your day, price and reusable pouch. Super value."
Ole Shenandoah Cheroots,3 out of 5,Ole Shenandoah vs Backwoods,Took about 3 packs but just as good as Backwoods. Two issues with Backwoods. Many are not smokable and cost. Very few throw-aways with these and MUCH cheaper. Just a decent quick smoke.
Ole Shenandoah Cheroots,2 out of 5,Shenandoah Cheroots,"I like Cheroots, but these are not to my taste. Pretty dry feeling in my mouth."
Ole Shenandoah Cheroots,4 out of 5,Similar to Backwoods,These are very similar to Backwoods. They work well as a temporary replacement
Ole Shenandoah Cheroots,5 out of 5,nice aroma great price,nice quick flavorful cigar
Ole Shenandoah Cheroots,3 out of 5,Not bad,Not bad
Ole Shenandoah Cheroots,4 out of 5,Not bad.,"I like them better than backwoods but not as much as ugly coyotes, which are out of stock again."
Oliva Connecticut Reserve,5 out of 5,smooth,smooth
Oliva Connecticut Reserve,4 out of 5,Good buy,Good smoke.
Oliva Connecticut Reserve,4 out of 5,Oliva Connecticut Reserve Robusto,"...same great mild flavor year after year...more large leaf stems in or near the cap than ""the old days""..."
Oliva Connecticut Reserve,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,This is one of my favorite cigars. smooth all the way to the finish. I highly recommend it
Oliva Connecticut Reserve,4 out of 5,My favorite cigar,"This second box had some issues with some wrappers, whereas the box before that met all my expectations. My favorite Oliva."
Oliva Connecticut Reserve,5 out of 5,My top Connecticut Churchill and one of two of my Top brands..,"When it comes to Connecticut Churchill's , these are my absolute favorite cigars bar none. Beautiful aroma, smooth tasting down to the nub. Just an excellent cigar. All Series of Oliva for that matter are excellent. I just finished a G series, and am smoking an O series Maduro as I write. You got to love Oliva."
Oliva Connecticut Reserve,5 out of 5,One of my top 5,"Excellent smooth smoking Connecticut. These are one of my ALL time favorites. Slightly smaller ring size and length make for an enjoyable hour of smoking. Another one of Oliva's perfect blends. If you need to save a little money on the Connecticut w/out losing the flavor, but these. Wonderful smoke."
Oliva Connecticut Reserve,5 out of 5,My Personal Favorite,As far as mild to medium smokes are concerned Oliva Connecticut Reserve is at the top of my list.
Oliva Connecticut Reserve,4 out of 5,great smoke,nice slow burn actually better than my last order
Oliva Connecticut Reserve,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke for the $$$.,Excellent smoke for the $$$.
Oliva Connecticut Reserve,5 out of 5,Great everyday,This is a Connecticut but to me far more flavorful than any I’ve had before. This really is a high end tasting stick. You can smoke as an everyday with coffee or adult beverage. Also serves as a great event stick. Absolute must in the humidor
Oliva Connecticut Reserve,5 out of 5,Smooth taste from start to,Smooth taste from start to finish!
Oliva Connecticut Reserve,5 out of 5,One best smoke in awhile,One best smoke in awhile
Oliva Connecticut Reserve,5 out of 5,Great service,Great service
Oliva Connecticut Reserve,5 out of 5,mild yet tasty,my favorite cigar on a fresh palette in the morning
Oliva Connecticut Reserve,5 out of 5,Good mild clean smoke,Good mild clean smoke
Oliva Connecticut Reserve,4 out of 5,very satisfied,very satisfied
Oliva Connecticut Reserve,5 out of 5,Great Sunday morning cigar!,"Do you like cappuccino? Do you like cigars? Buy this cigar, pull an espresso shot, pour on that foamy steamed milk and enjoy!
Perfect pairing! What a great cigar. Smooth and creamy. Great construction every time. Excellent Sunday morning cigar, sitting in my backyard with the sun shinning. Sip that cappuccino and soak up the rays. I look forward to every one of these Connecticut Reserve cigars. The Churchill and Toro sizes are perfect.
All the way down to the nub for this one!"
Oliva Connecticut Reserve,4 out of 5,Great cigar.,Love e'm
Oliva Connecticut Reserve,5 out of 5,Also perfect,Fresh and moist. Great smoke. Will recommend you to everyone!
Oliva Connecticut Reserve,5 out of 5,Can’t go wrong,"I’ve had 5 of these. Good draw, flavor, and most importantly, AN EVEN BURN. I can’t stand sticks that burn unevenly, but these are perfect every time. Can never go wrong with Oliva in my opinion."
Oliva Connecticut Reserve,5 out of 5,My # 1 pick,"This is one of my favorites from Oliva. Just the perfect smoke. Burns good. draws easily. Nice smooth taste. Every order I reorder Oliva Lonsdale and Chruchill. If you haven't tried these before, you really just don't know how good a cigar you are missing. Great for a morning smoke with coffee. Or an evening smoke with a beverage of your choice. This a 10 star stogie for me. Great for anytime of the day."
Oliva Connecticut Reserve,5 out of 5,My very few 5 stars,One of the few I can give a 5 star rating to. Smooth and even burn. Totally enjoy these as a evening cigar on the front porch.
Oliva Connecticut Reserve,3 out of 5,Spicey start and ash finish,"Spicey!! Wow I took a few puffs and my mouth BURNER from spice..like I ate a hot pepper. I dont mind a bit of spice, but this was a lot! Also the draw was good and smoked well, but the spice hides the ASHY taste this has halfway through. Not my style..I got a sampler and I'll try again, but for now, I will give these to my buddy's to hopefully enjoy..."
Oliva Connecticut Reserve,5 out of 5,Top notch my grandpa says,Top notch my grandpa says
Oliva Connecticut Reserve,5 out of 5,great cigar,has really good full body taste without overpowering
Oliva Connecticut Reserve,5 out of 5,Great commute smoke,"I get about 30 minutes a day each way commuting to work. I light up a stick walking to the truck every morning, mild, creamy, compliments my coffee nicely. I’ll be buying more very soon. This is in my daily rotation!"
Oliva Connecticut Reserve,4 out of 5,"Quality Roll, Average Flavor","I've never been a huge fan of Oliva. I've smoked several, they just never hit the spot. I will give credit on this Connecticut line for exceptional construction. The draw and burn were great, never a difficult pull. I give 4 stars because the taste was just alright, nothing exceptional."
Oliva Connecticut Reserve,5 out of 5,My 2nd time with the,My 2nd time with the fresh pouch. I have been very happy with the freshness and flavor.
Oliva Connecticut Reserve,5 out of 5,Excellent,Really loved smoking them
Oliva Connecticut Reserve,5 out of 5,A great mild smoke,A great mild smoke
Oliva Connecticut Reserve,5 out of 5,Excellent Smoke,Mild taste and easy and consistent draw. I will buy again.
Oliva Connecticut Reserve,4 out of 5,"Wonderful, Smooth Cigar.","This Oliva cigar is a terrific, satisfying smoke. Just sit back and enjoy this smooth, creamy cigar."
Oliva Connecticut Reserve,5 out of 5,Great cigar very smooth,Great cigar very smooth
Oliva Connecticut Reserve,4 out of 5,Oliva reserve,My new no. One. If I can just scrape enought money together I will buy more!
Oliva Connecticut Reserve,5 out of 5,Oliva,I love the oliva ct. reserve. Great cigar I love all the oliva cigars. Paul S
Oliva Connecticut Reserve,4 out of 5,Smooth,Great cigar for golf and anytime you want a nice smooth smoke
Oliva Connecticut Reserve,5 out of 5,Savor the flavor,Took hubby a little time but he really enjoys these! Recommend to all
Oliva Connecticut Reserve,5 out of 5,Oliva,Very smooth cigar
Oliva Connecticut Reserve,5 out of 5,Just can't go wrong,Just can't go wrong with these. Pleasant mild smoke.
Oliva Connecticut Reserve,5 out of 5,Awesome smoke!,Awesome smoke!
Oliva Connecticut Reserve,4 out of 5,Burns consistently good.,Burns consistently good.
Oliva Connecticut Reserve,5 out of 5,I really like the Oliva,I really like the Oliva Connecticut
Oliva Connecticut Reserve,5 out of 5,Hail Oliva!,For my money the best mild to medium smoke out there. The Oliva Connecticut Reserve never disappoints.
Oliva Connecticut Reserve,4 out of 5,Oliva,Good mild smoke. Great for a smoke while golfing. It will last for up to 6 holes.
Oliva Connecticut Reserve,5 out of 5,Smooth Smoke,Easy draw and stays evenly lit throughout. A mild cigar that I will continue to smoke.
Oliva Connecticut Reserve,5 out of 5,Oliva Connecticut Reserve Robusto are great tasting!,These cigars smoke great and taste great. CT wrappers are the best!
Oliva Connecticut Reserve,4 out of 5,Mild and Mellow.,Great short cigar. Mild and good for a second cigar playing 18 holes.
Oliva Connecticut Reserve,5 out of 5,Nice smoke,Nice smoke
Oliva Connecticut Reserve,4 out of 5,Good,Good
Oliva Flor de Oliva,4 out of 5,Olivia Flor de Oliva,Most of the cigars had a good draw to them and were nice to smoke. Several of them you could lite but could not get a draw from them . Even after trying to open a hole with a sharp object no such luck
Oliva Flor de Oliva,4 out of 5,Fan favorite,The construction of the toro’s are sometimes hit or miss but the quality of the tobacco is really good.
Oliva Flor de Oliva,5 out of 5,Great 4 people on limited,"Great 4 people on limited budget!
LovE UM..."
Oliva Flor de Oliva,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Oliva Flor de Oliva,4 out of 5,Best at this price,Period
Oliva Flor de Oliva,5 out of 5,My favorite,I just really like these cigars. Will always have them in my humidor.
Oliva Flor de Oliva,5 out of 5,Good,first Cigar I ever smoke. It was good!
Oliva Flor de Oliva,5 out of 5,"Great cigars, been getting them","Great cigars, been getting them for several years. Always consistent great taste, better than most 10.00 dollar cigars on their market, I've smoked them all. Try them and you will be hooked!"
Oliva Flor de Oliva,5 out of 5,Very Fresh Taste,"A good everyday smoke. Fresh taste with a touch of sweet. Had trouble with my order, but CI took care of it immediately."
Oliva Flor de Oliva,5 out of 5,Good smoke Great value,Good smoke Great value
Oliva Flor de Oliva,5 out of 5,Good Smoke,Medium smoke - good construction
Oliva Flor de Oliva,5 out of 5,Very good for the price.,Very good for the price. Great on the golf course.
Oliva Flor de Oliva,3 out of 5,Love my cigars!,Love my cigars!
Oliva Flor de Oliva,5 out of 5,Flor de oliva,Quality cigar at a reasonable price
Oliva Flor de Oliva,5 out of 5,A steal of a deal,"Rich, creamy smoke. Holds ash incredibly well. Complex flavors throughout with some residual sweetness. A real steal for the price."
Oliva Flor de Oliva,5 out of 5,Anything oliva makes is consistent,Anything oliva makes is consistent and a great value
Oliva Flor de Oliva,5 out of 5,Great Cigars if you like em big like I do.,The Giants are a great cigar.
Oliva Flor de Oliva,4 out of 5,Enjoy this cigar taste and,Enjoy this cigar taste and price
Oliva Flor de Oliva,5 out of 5,"I really like these, despite","I really like these, despite trying others just for diversity sake, always come back to these, good flavor and aroma. Even wife likes aroma."
Oliva Flor de Oliva,4 out of 5,Good budget stick,Good budget stick
Oliva Flor de Oliva,5 out of 5,Best Cigar for the $$$,Can’t beat this cigar for the money!
Oliva Flor de Oliva,4 out of 5,Toro vitola,Can get a little harsh the last third but can't beat them for the money
Oliva Flor de Oliva,5 out of 5,Good cigar,A good smoke at a good price
Oliva Flor de Oliva,3 out of 5,These cigars are a good,These cigars are a good golf course smoke. Decent but not expensive.
Oliva Flor de Oliva,4 out of 5,Good all around smoke for,Good all around smoke for the price
Oliva Flor de Oliva,5 out of 5,Oliva Flor de Oliva well made,Very well made and great value for an everyday stick. Smokes pretty evenly. Flavor is smooth and consistent to the end.
Oliva Flor de Oliva,5 out of 5,Great smoke; Great price,"This cigar provides a good smoke every time—and, it won’t break the bank. These beauties are every bit as good (if not better) than far more expensive cigars. It’s a great smoke at a great price."
Oliva Flor de Oliva,4 out of 5,A hidden gem!,Tried these based on a friends suggestion. A great smoke
Oliva Flor de Oliva,5 out of 5,Great price and a well,Great price and a well flavored everyday smoke
Oliva Flor de Oliva,5 out of 5,Worth a try,Great smoke
Oliva Flor de Oliva,5 out of 5,Excellent daily cigar,Excellent daily cigar
Oliva Flor de Oliva,5 out of 5,Oliva Flor de Oliva Churchill,"I've been ordering this cigar for years. The cigars on my last 3 orders of last year stopped me from buying them anymore and I sent them back. My one and only order so far this year are hit and miss. So good, some bad.You smoke them half the way down and that's it, they taste bad after that. I'm only keeping this last order because it's too hard to get cigars right now with C-19. In the past I never sent any back, always good right down to the end."
Oliva Flor de Oliva,4 out of 5,flor de oliva,good smoke for the money
Oliva Flor de Oliva,4 out of 5,I thought these were a,"I thought these were a good, mild cigar"
Oliva Flor de Oliva,4 out of 5,Great budget stick that doesn't taste like one.,This has been one of my go-to sticks for a long time. You can't go wrong at this price point!
Oliva Flor de Oliva,5 out of 5,Great stick,Great everyday smoke. Perfect with coffee in the morning or after lunch. Nice sweetness and always a good burn.
Oliva Flor de Oliva,4 out of 5,Great go to stick,These are great for the golf course or just a nightly smoke if you don't want to break the bank.
Oliva Flor de Oliva,4 out of 5,Nice cigar,Nice cigar
Oliva Flor de Oliva,5 out of 5,My go-to cigar on the,"My go-to cigar on the golf course. Great flavor, aroma and construction."
Oliva Flor de Oliva,4 out of 5,great every day cigar,great every day cigar
Oliva Flor de Oliva,5 out of 5,Great quality for the price!!,Great quality for the price!!
Oliva Flor de Oliva,5 out of 5,Flor de Oliva,The best full flavored cigar for the price (even at the new higher price) on the market. They are my favorite everyday cigar.
Oliva Flor de Oliva,3 out of 5,Better than average,Based on one cigar. It started with a wonky burn that needed touch up. Half way down the wrapper split. Mild to medium bodied.
Oliva Flor de Oliva,5 out of 5,My go to cigar for,My go to cigar for a daily smoke
Oliva Flor de Oliva,5 out of 5,It’s a great daily smoker.,It’s a great daily smoker. The cost and quality are number 1 in my book.
Oliva Flor de Oliva,5 out of 5,Great flavorful value,I love the flavor and the price. A great daily smoke.
Oliva Flor de Oliva,5 out of 5,great cigar,a great cigar a a great price - can I have my coupon now that I wrote a five star review?
Oliva Flor de Oliva,5 out of 5,worth a try,tried other cigars but always come back to my favorite Flor de Oliva Toro and very much appreciate the Military discount from CI
Oliva Flor de Oliva,5 out of 5,excellent value,"a mellow cigar with a good draw, I like them and will purchase again."
Oliva Flor de Oliva,4 out of 5,Great everyday cigar.,Great everyday cigar.
Oliva Inferno,5 out of 5,Island smoker,"Just received my 5 pack and had my first one.Great burn and flavor,even burn to the end.Wish I had purchased more.Definitely will be getting more"
Oliva Inferno,3 out of 5,Good smoke,Consistent. Nice flavor. Cedar coffee mild cedar flavor. Would consider purchasing another box.
Oliva Inferno,5 out of 5,Best cigar for the price.,This is my every day smoke. Strong enough to fill your taste buds but does not make your head spin. Tastes great and is the right price. I have never had any burn issues either.
Oliva Inferno,5 out of 5,Nice and Strong,"I love these cigars, they're my new favorite everyday smoke. If you like strong cigars, I recommend you pick up a box (or at least try 5)."
Oliva Inferno,4 out of 5,Nice Alternative,Found this little gem by chance. Good smoke throughout. Hits you with initial wave of pepper then mellows out. Medium full smoke. Smooth finish.
Oliva Master Blends III,5 out of 5,Wow,Fantastic. Amazing smoke
Oliva Master Blends III,5 out of 5,OH MY G-D,THIS IS ONE OF THE BEST CIGARS I HAVE EVER HAD. THE OUTER WRAPPER HAS A HINT OF COCO TASTE. THE DRAW IS CREAMY AND AS EARTHY NOTES WITH A HINT OF CARDAMOM. THE FLAVOR INCREASES AS YOU PROGRESS INTO THE CIGAR AND FINISHES VERY SWEET.
Oliva Master Blends III,4 out of 5,Smooth Blend,Short smoke with a wonderful blend that doesn’t leave any aftertastes. It has been shared and enjoyed by me and friends. I will add a couple more boxes to my collection.
Oliva Master Blends III,5 out of 5,Master Blends,It’s Simply just an outstanding cigar.
Oliva Master Blends III,5 out of 5,One of the BEST!,"Love love LOVE this cigar!! Oliva already makes a great cigar, the Master Blends 3 is in a league of its own. Burns well. Smells fantastic. I wish I could afford to buy these more often, but definitely worth treating yourself. Possibly the best cigar I've ever had."
Oliva Master Blends III,5 out of 5,This is the best cigar,This is the best cigar I ever smoked
Oliva Master Blends III,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke!,Excellent smoke!
Oliva Master Blends III,5 out of 5,Wow,This is one good cigar.
Oliva Master Blends III,5 out of 5,Fantastic Smoke,Fantastic Smoke
Oliva Master Blends III,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Love this cigar. Oliva’s finest
Oliva Master Blends III,5 out of 5,good,good
Oliva Master Blends III,5 out of 5,Fantastic cigar!!!!,Fantastic cigar!!!!
Oliva Master Blends III,4 out of 5,Oliva Master Blends,It is a very good cigar. I would consider medium strength and flavor. To me not overly complex but good cocoa and tobacco taste.
Oliva Master Blends III,4 out of 5,Olivia master blend,This one is great smoke
Oliva Master Blends III,5 out of 5,Oliva does it again,"Master blends is another great smoke from Oliva. I personally smoke the entire line, the “V” being my go to. I fine the Master Blends a bit milder with a softer smoke taste. I’m not a fan of box press,truly for no good reason but that’s me..do yourself a favor try the Master Blends"
Oliva Master Blends III,5 out of 5,"Good draw,good burn, good cigar.","Good draw,good burn, good cigar."
Oliva Master Blends III,4 out of 5,Delicious Sticks,"Can’t go wrong with these cigars especially when they are a featured product.
The rustic wrapper, the oval box pressed stick has similar flavor profile as Series “V” Melanio."
Oliva Master Blends III,4 out of 5,Good value,Good for price
Oliva Master Blends III,5 out of 5,Solid cigar,Great flavor. Very happy with this cigar.
Oliva Master Blends III,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,This cigar is under rated. It’s pretty medium full body that delivers a smooth smoke with a little spice. I have paired up with all kind of alcohol beverages and amazingly it’s very friendly to all. I hope that the price doesn’t change because I go through them so quickly that I can end up poor. 👍🏽👍🏽
Oliva Master Blends III,4 out of 5,Mostly smooth and even burners,Smokes well burns well with the exception when a twig comes along. They are not without the (profit twigs) Gosh I wish they could eliminate the bitter burning twigs.
Oliva Master Blends III,5 out of 5,Very flavorful cigar. Not quite,Very flavorful cigar. Not quite as strong as the Serie V but more complex.
Oliva Master Blends III,4 out of 5,smooth everyday smoke,smooth everyday smoke
Oliva Master Blends III,5 out of 5,Delicious,Nice smoke all the way to the nub
Oliva Master Blends III,5 out of 5,Oliva Master blend 111,Truly a go to smoke. Very flavorful and good burn. I recommend it highly!
Oliva Master Blends III,5 out of 5,Very very good.,"Great smoke, it burns even and slow. The contour of the roll fit your mouth and fingers as you enjoy smoking it.
Very enjoyable."
Oliva Master Blends III,4 out of 5,oliva master blends 3,"very rich and smooth cigar, not as much spice as I thought, but a truly delicious stick."
Oliva Master Blends III,5 out of 5,MB III,"Oliva Master Blend #3 great flavor with coffee, wood, spice & some leather notes it's med-full body. Just a great smooth cigar that can be smoked at anytime. Will keep buying them."
Oliva Master Blends III,5 out of 5,Dream stick HIGHLY recommended,"What an AMAXING smoke! My new favorite....great taste with perfect burn and ash. I got one in a sample pack, then just ordered an entire box (thanks for the FANTASTIC deal! 😁) to stock my humidor with! You can't go wrong with this stick!"
Oliva Master Blends III,4 out of 5,"Great taste, strong and flavourful","Great taste, strong and flavourful"
Oliva Master Blends III,5 out of 5,EXCELLENT!,"Very nice stick
Very smooth light on taste
Can smoke all day long with an ice cold beer!"
Oliva Master Blends III,5 out of 5,Classy stick!,Very lovely cigar! Produces copious amounts of rich thick smoke. Thanks joe cigar for allowing me to have them at greatly reduced price 👍
Oliva Master Blends III,5 out of 5,Fantastic,"Fantastic smoke! I out the right up there with V serie. Construction is flawless. Burn is perfect. Taste is earthy, spicy, with some cocoa, and leather. A dream for sure."
Oliva Master Blends III,5 out of 5,A+ cigar,A+ very nice smoke. Highly recommend
Oliva Master Blends III,5 out of 5,I like 'em strong,Wonderful robust cigar.
Oliva Master Blends III,5 out of 5,Great stick,I really like this cigar. It has a very complex set of flavors topped off with a slight tang. This was the first time I smoked it and it changed 3 times down to the band. This was a nice surprise.
Oliva Master Blends III,5 out of 5,Robusto,"Very smooth thick smoke,easy pepper on the retrohale,perfect draw and burn,nice touch of sweetness,picks up strength towards final third...overall great smoke."
Oliva Master Blends III,5 out of 5,Oliva master blend,Top notch cigar. These are a real treat.
Oliva Master Blends III,5 out of 5,A great box,Smooth taste just wish there were more deals
Oliva Master Blends III,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Nice full-bodied smoke that draws like a dream and delivers a ton of flavors. Creamy and rich cigar that is well balanced.
Oliva Master Blends III,5 out of 5,Pure pleasure,Oliva....the best....in all aspects
Oliva Master Blends III,5 out of 5,"great flavor, well constructed, burns","great flavor, well constructed, burns well."
Oliva Master Blends III,5 out of 5,Great flavor,"Olivia nailed it with this blend. Complex, smooth flavor. Slow burning. All around great stick."
Oliva Master Blends III,4 out of 5,Fabulous cigar once they’ve got some time in the humidor,"So Torano cigars can sometimes be well-made cigars at lower prices but the Master Blends III is not that cigar. This cigar is a top notch cigar with the flavor and construction to rival some of the best cigars on the market. I will tell you though, the last few I purchased needed to be put down for a few months to age. The first couple of smoked were a bit too harsh as hadn’t been aged very well. But once you leave them in your humidor for a few months they are great cigars. I would give this cigar 5 stars if they had been aged properly at the factory. My suggestion is to buy them and put them down for 2-3 months and they’ll rival some of your best cigars at that point."
Oliva Master Blends III,1 out of 5,Not impressed,Very disappointing for a premium cigar. Draw was nice but was so harsh it burned my tongue. I couldn’t even finish smoking the cigar which is a first for me. The best thing is it came as part of a sampler pack so I don’t have to try any more of them!
Oliva Master Blends III,3 out of 5,not very good compared to the other master blend,good not great not worth the price rather buy serie v instead better and cheaper.
Oliva Master Blends III,5 out of 5,"good, little expensive","good, little expensive"
Oliva Master Blends III,5 out of 5,What a smoke!,"Made a BIG mistake in only ordering 10 of these! Have only smoked one, but it was sooooo good I did not want to quit. Smoked it all the way to there was only an inch left and it was still cool and packed full of great flavor!"
Oliva Master Blends III,2 out of 5,Inconsistent Flavor,"I've ordered multiple ten packs of these cigars over the past several months. The first were seemingly light and dry, but smoked well and tasted very good. The last two ten packs have been extremely disappointing, being stale and tasteless, both immediately after arrival and also after weeks in my humidor. Construction and burn have been fine on all of them. I would prefer a higher level of quality control for my money. I can't imagine that CI doesn't employ tasters to sample their products before they ship. I care far less about cosmetics than I do about the quality of burn and taste. Sometimes, a special deal is really not special. I have been smoking cigars for about 15 years, and I buy from all over (online and locally). If you want to retain a customer's business, CI, you need to ""up"" your game."
Oliva Master Blends III,5 out of 5,Can’t go wrong.,Love it. Especially for the price.
Oliva Melanio CI 20th Anniversary,5 out of 5,It's the second time I,It's the second time I order these and they are superb and the ring size is perfect
Oliva Melanio CI 20th Anniversary,5 out of 5,My go-to cigar,"Easy draw, persistent smoke and great tasting cigar. The Oliva V Melanio has never disappointed Me — my go-to cigar!"
Oliva Melanio CI 20th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Another winner!,"I'm usually an Oliva Melanio Robusto smoker, but I LOVE this box of 20th Anniversary Toros! Such a great draw with a little of a spicy cocoa taste. Will buy these whenever I can get them at a great price!"
Oliva Melanio CI 20th Anniversary,4 out of 5,Good cigar for the money!,I've enjoyed the Oliva brand for many years. They never disappoint. They burn well and have good flavor. The draw is perfect for a medium priced cigar. Highly recommended.
Oliva Melanio CI 20th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Great smoke from Oliva they,Great smoke from Oliva they never disappoint
Oliva Melanio CI 20th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Oliva V,"This is One OUTSTANDING Cigar !!!!!!!
And C I is always on point with there very Quick Delivery and prices that r UNMATCHED ...Thank You Sooooo much ...Luv You guys !!!!!"
Oliva Melanio CI 20th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Amazing spicy taste..,Amazing spicy taste..
Oliva Melanio CI 20th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Oliva V,Excellent smoke! Great price!
Oliva Melanio CI 20th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Olivia Serie V Melanio Toro,Excellent Cigar Razor Sharp Even Burn Very Nice Draw With Hints Of Cocoa Flavor. Very Well Constructed Cigar Can't Go Wrong With Oliva Melanio!
Oliva Melanio CI 20th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Tasty,A wonderful smoke full of flavor
Oliva Melanio CI 20th Anniversary,5 out of 5,One of the best,Awesome cigar
Oliva Melanio CI 20th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Niiiiice,"Great draw, never gets nasty, and has a great aura which is always a prerequisite before the wife will allow me to buy again. Which I will do!"
Oliva Melanio CI 20th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Awesome,Awesome
Oliva Melanio CI 20th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Oliva Melanio CI 20th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Awesome cigar,Awesome cigar
Oliva Melanio CI 20th Anniversary,5 out of 5,excellent,excellent
Oliva Melanio CI 20th Anniversary,5 out of 5,"Great cigar, great service. I’ve","Great cigar, great service. I’ve bought several boxes of these over the years and they just don’t disappoint. I have shared these with friends and they are a huge hit."
Oliva Melanio CI 20th Anniversary,5 out of 5,excellent cigar,"very nice cigar, well constructed, smooth draw and bold flavor. I never had to relight or try to ""fix"" the burn line. This is now my favorite cigar."
Oliva Melanio CI 20th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Well rated cigars,Well rated cigars
Oliva Melanio CI 20th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Great smoke and great service!,Great smoke and great service!
Oliva Melanio CI 20th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Great 👍🏿 can you send,Great 👍🏿 can you send me some free ones
Oliva Melanio CI 20th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Olivia V,"Great smoke, great flavors, will buy them again."
Oliva Melanio CI 20th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Best cigar ever,The best cigar ever
Oliva Melanio CI 20th Anniversary,4 out of 5,What I expected,"Better than good, great size to really enjoy all the V series brings."
Oliva Melanio CI 20th Anniversary,3 out of 5,Not a bad cigar but not as good as I expected,"For me these cigars start out good with some spice and nutty flavor on the first third then it’s down hill from there, I really like Oliva cigars but this one is not for me, will be giving out the rest of this box to friends hope they like them!!"
Oliva Melanio CI 20th Anniversary,5 out of 5,top 10 cigar,"Top notch cigar, great build and burn, wonderfully smooth and full of flavors, pair with a single malt scotch and it doesn't get better."
Oliva Melanio CI 20th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Great Stick!!!,A well constructed stick with a even burn and Nice Flavor!!!!
Oliva Melanio CI 20th Anniversary,5 out of 5,One of my favorites,Great cigar very smooth.
Oliva Melanio CI 20th Anniversary,5 out of 5,As close to perfect as possible,"Honestly as close to the perfect cigar as possible. Perfect flavor profile with the perfect mix of spice, pepper and earthy tones you can hope to find. Burn, ash, construction arell spot on. 99 rated for a reason"
Oliva Melanio CI 20th Anniversary,5 out of 5,excellent cigar,"excellent cigar it is tops among the tops, a super smoke,JP"
Oliva Melanio CI 20th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,Great cigar!
Oliva Melanio CI 20th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Nothing else is better,My man will only smoke these
Oliva Melanio CI 20th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Amazing,"The Melanio is the best cigar I have ever smoked. I originally bought a 10 pack, after smoking the first cigar I immediately bought 60 more. Absolutely perfect in every way. Will be my go to cigar from now until they quit making this amazing stogie."
Oliva Melanio CI 20th Anniversary,5 out of 5,I have made this my go to cigar Oliva Melanio 6X50 & 6X60 !,I have a full breath of these in my humidor to allow for those moments of pleasure when they become available!!
Oliva Melanio CI 20th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Very good!!!,"Extremely well made, smooth draw, one of my favorites."
Oliva Melanio CI 20th Anniversary,5 out of 5,One of the best,"The Melanio is a great burning, great tasing smoke."
Oliva Melanio CI 20th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Isidro Lopez,"Smokes well, very smoth"
Oliva Melanio CI 20th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Oliva Melanio CI,"Very good cigar smoth all the way throught, I dont expect any less from Oliva"
Oliva Melanio CI 20th Anniversary,5 out of 5,If God Made Cigars,"I agree with the other review....this cigar is by far my favorite, nothing compares to it. Ive been smoking cigars for years and it has come to a point in my life that the only cigar I reach for now is this one. Now I've been waiting for that censation to die down and tell myself, ""im in the mood for something else,"" but that has yet to happen....I have literally been smoking melanios for 4 straight months now, its the only cigar I want out of my humidor everytime I open it, and I have hundreds to choose from because of collecting over the years and I gotta say... I ALWAYS have at least 20 to 30 melanios in my rotation now, I could care less what else is in there, unless it's a Padron of course. But for the money, the melanios, theyre hard to beat. Sorry for the literary drool but I had to get that off my chest and just let someone, anyone, know just how much I love these cigars. If GOD made cigars, these would be the ones."
Oliva Melanio CI 20th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Spectacular cigar!!,"If you don't stop what you're doing and buy this cigar right now you're insane. Unbelievably smooth and tasty from beginning to end. Flavor was perfect right from the start. Even though it says it's full body, it's not overpowering and is smooth and silky. Great construction and perfect draw with a perfect ash. I didn't want to put it down to smoked it until my fingernails burned."
Oliva Protege Habano,4 out of 5,Oliva protege robusto,These were a perfect cigar! They burn evenly and they have a great taste until the end. Great cigar for the people who don't want to spend a fortune.
Oliva Protege Habano,5 out of 5,Good cigars for the price!,Good cigars for the price!
Oliva Protege Habano,5 out of 5,Great Value,"A good, cheap smoke from my favorite maker......haven't had a dud yet."
Oliva Protege Habano,5 out of 5,Great Value Cigar,"This is a solid good cigar. Lots of smoke, good construction all burned evenly on my bundle.
Great value for the price of an Oliva
No overwhelming bad after taste.
Good solid Medium Strength Cigar."
Oliva Protege Habano,5 out of 5,Well Worth The Price.,"Well worth the price. I got these about the same time I bought a 10-pack of Oliva Serie O's. The Protege is almost identical (to my palate, at least). I'm a big fan of Oliva. I've never had a bad one yet."
Oliva Protege Habano,4 out of 5,Good cigar. Sometimes they don't,Good cigar. Sometimes they don't burn evenly. Would like more flavor. Would buy again!
Oliva Protege Habano,5 out of 5,Great Buy,I really liked these cigars. Bold flavor and well made. Will buy again
Oliva Protege Habano,4 out of 5,Good Value for the Price,"At just over a dollar stick, these are a real bargain. Flavor is excellent, a nice medium body, and generally well constructed. Would buy again."
Oliva Protege Habano,5 out of 5,Good smokes,"I ordered the Oliva Protege Robusto.
Very good cigars for the price. I would definitely order again if they become available.."
Oliva Protege Habano,5 out of 5,Great small cigar,It is a really good cigar when you don't have a couple hours just to enjoy a larger one. They are very dance but draw very easy. Full-flavored and very enjoyable.
Oliva Protege Habano,5 out of 5,Very good Smoke,"A good smoke for just a few dollars. A slight nutty last, with an easy smooth burn. Will be ordering more of these for hand outs to friends."
Oliva Protege Habano,5 out of 5,Great Everyday Smoke,Nice medium flavor that you can smoke all the way down. All of these burned evenly with a good draw. I would like to always have some of these on hand.
Oliva Protege Habano,3 out of 5,good taste nice even burn,good taste nice even burn
Oliva Protege Habano,5 out of 5,Satisfying,Great smoke with a decent amount of time time to enjoy.
Oliva Protege Habano,5 out of 5,High quality smoke!,High quality smoke!
Oliva Protege Habano,3 out of 5,Nice draw and good flavor,Nice draw and good flavor
Oliva Protege Habano,5 out of 5,A pleasant smoke,"Full bodied, flavorful smoke."
Oliva Protege Habano,3 out of 5,Good Deal,I’m always looking for a good deal. I don’t like to pay full price for cigars. These are pretty decent for my backyard smoke-thirty.
Oliva Protege Habano,5 out of 5,Good smoking cigar,"I bought these because of the price,so far so good,I have had no issues, they also are a good smoke for the money,I will get them again"
Oliva Protege Habano,4 out of 5,Very acceptable,Very acceptable
Oliva Protege Habano,5 out of 5,Oliva Protege Robusto,"GREAT SMOKE! GOOD SIZE,, GREAT DEAL!
CI IS THE BEST..."
Oliva Protege Habano,3 out of 5,prohibition nice burning cigar,prohibition nice burning cigar
Oliva Protege Habano,3 out of 5,cigars,there ok smoke good burn good an enjoyable smoke for the money
Oliva Protege Habano,3 out of 5,"good flavor, uneven burn","good flavor, uneven burn"
Oliva Protege Habano,4 out of 5,Very good for a short,Very good for a short smoke
Oliva Protege Habano,3 out of 5,Not a bad cigar for,Not a bad cigar for the price.
Oliva Protege Habano,3 out of 5,JUST OK,"Hit and miss, but for the price not a bad deal. Some hard to draw and uneven burn. But again, not bad for price. Good casual cigar."
Oliva Protege Habano,4 out of 5,Good everyday smoke.,Good everyday smoke.
Oliva Protege Habano,5 out of 5,A great pairing with pigskin!,A well constructed cigar with good draw and even burn. No paddles needed here as I experienced no canoeing at all on any. Great medium bodied smoke (in my opinion) and would buy again. Pairs well with college football around the fire pit or on the deck. Highly recommended!
Oliva Protege Habano,5 out of 5,Very pleased,I'm sorry I didn't buy more than one bundle of these. These are an awesome cigar. I won't hesitate to buy anything a newbie rolls. Will buy again.
Oliva Protege Habano,4 out of 5,Promote These Torcedors,"Despite the description, I've not found one yet that's worthy of throwing out. These protege rollers, for my batch at least, are doing a fine job. The blends are every bit as good as their mainline cigars. Good cigar at a good price."
Oliva Protege Habano,4 out of 5,Nice price,Pretty tasty and good construction.
Oliva Protege Habano,5 out of 5,Good smoke.,"For the price, these were a lot better than expected. Ordering more."
Oliva Protege Habano,4 out of 5,Oliva Protege,"I moved one after visually checking them out and putting my humidor . 1 st cigar out of pack same day, draw was perfect,burn was even all the way through to nub ,medium to full body just creamy smoke and yummy
2nd cigar after a week in humidor , same a above , enjoyable for the price offered. Should have got 2 bundles but you never know."
Oliva Protege Habano,4 out of 5,Enjoyable!,"For the price, can't go wrong. Smoked one upon delivery pulled from the middle of the bundle. Quite enjoyable. Smoking second one now and still impressed. Don't know Oliva cigars well enough to tell you what this is. Better than your average cheap cigar."
Oliva Protege Habano,4 out of 5,Nice smoke,"Better than expected. More like a corona but smoked as long as a robusto. Good draw, well made. Medium to M-F. Very nice cigar for the money."
Oliva Protege Habano,5 out of 5,It's Oliva!,"I'll give this cigar 5 stars just because of the price and that they are Oliva. With that being said, I always smoke a cigar once delivered. This Robusto is a little on the peppery side on the retro. If you don't mind sneezing from time to time go for it. I just can't believe Oliva would give new rollers top notch tobacco to experiment with rolling. One reviewer compared the taste to Serie O. I think it is more like MB3 minus the box press. All in, I would not buy again. But if you want a cheap smoke with a pretty good burn and construction this cigar is what you are looking for, just not for me. Maybe time in the humidor will change my opinion! Has before!"
Oliva Protege Habano,4 out of 5,Definite Oliva quality. Wow.,"Not sure who these rookie rollers are, but they are well on their way. First of twenty 5 x 50 smoked and it did not disappoint. The spice hits your palate right after the first draw and continues throughout. Reminds me of Serie O's with this spice/slight cream blend. No harshness, good draw although a little tight, and stayed lit right down to the nub. You cannot go wrong by ordering these. Will be ordering more as long as they continue to be available."
Oliva Protege Habano,5 out of 5,Protege,Just got mine. Great smoke. Great size. Will buy again.
Oliva Protege Habano,4 out of 5,Just arrived and first stick is pretty good.,"My packs just arrived today. Smoked one right out of the box. It has burned very nice. Draw is nice, it is on the tight side, but not too tight at all. If I were to guess what the blend is, I would say serie O, but honestly I dont smoke enough Oliva to know for sure."
Oliva Protege Habano,3 out of 5,ROTT first smoke,"First stick ROTT tonight. Decent wrapper (tad dry) nice cap, solid body with no soft spots. The burn is even with a good draw, just a touch hot ... needs some bed time. This rookie roller did good, definitely a good value from the Oliva folks."
Oliva Saison,4 out of 5,Oliva Saison Torpedo,Great cigar. Woody with coffee bean and household spices notes. Nice draw and even burn. A complex cigar
Oliva Saison,5 out of 5,A good stick for the,A good stick for the money!
Oliva Saison,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Oliva Saison,4 out of 5,Fair for an olivia brand,It's a great taste. I am a fan. But most of these were hard draw but burned even. Good burn. Good taste
Oliva Saison,5 out of 5,Love it!!!,Love it!!!
Oliva Saison,4 out of 5,Oliva Siaison,"Good taste, great burn for the price, one of my favs for Oliva!"
Oliva Saison,5 out of 5,Excellent value for the price.,"Excellent value for the price. I would compare the taste and quality to the bigger brother, Melanio."
Oliva Saison,4 out of 5,Good but,I really enjoy these cigars for taste and flavor but for some reason my wrappers were failing. Humidor is at 74 degrees so i don’t know WT*.
Oliva Saison,5 out of 5,Solid,Fast shipping. Oliva good as always.
Oliva Saison,5 out of 5,Really nice smoke,"Great taste, great aroma.
Really happy I tried these. Will buy them again."
Oliva Saison,4 out of 5,Very nice,Very nice
Oliva Saison,4 out of 5,"Smooth smoke, cigars a little dry","Nice, smooth smoke though the cigars were a little dry when they arrived fron CI."
Oliva Saison,4 out of 5,Not bad,Not bad
Oliva Saison,5 out of 5,Another Good Oliva,"As with all Oliva, you get a perfect burn with every stick. Not as smooth as the Siriie O (my personal favorite), but a really good medium body smoke. Kind of reminds me of a Sirie V without the strength. Very happy with this purchase."
Oliva Saison,4 out of 5,Good bang for the buck,Very surprised by this cigar. Good overall flavor
Oliva Saison,4 out of 5,Immensely pleased,"So, I’m usually a Connecticut smoker but gave these a try since CI was offering a deal that I couldn’t refuse (again). I’m glad I pulled the trigger on these. Really smooth and flavorful they burn even and stay lit nice draw the whole nine yards. I’m glad they are safe in my humidor waiting for me."
Oliva Saison,4 out of 5,Nice cigar,nice mild cigar burns well and tastes good. A nice mid day cigar i would buy these again.
Oliva Saison,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Oliva Saison,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Oliva Saison,4 out of 5,Tasty smoke,"Nice medium body, burns well."
Oliva Saison,5 out of 5,Saison,This is a great cigar. Taste great burn perfectly fine. This cigar has become my everyday cigar.
Oliva Saison,5 out of 5,one of my favorites,"excellent cigar, all the way to the end. the torpedo is the best of the line"
Oliva Saison,5 out of 5,This one's a keeper!,A value-priced cigar with this much flavor & complexity? Sign me up!
Oliva Saison,4 out of 5,Saison,"Great smoke, delivered on time, prefer the MB3"
Oliva Saison,5 out of 5,A very nice smoke,I'm an Oliva fan. I like all their blends and the Saison is a favorite. Smooth and a bit on the bold side; they draw well and are full of flavor.
Oliva Saison,4 out of 5,My go-to cigar.,"This is a good medium-full bodied cigar. I prefer the torpedo size first, however the churchill is a very close second."
Oliva Saison,4 out of 5,Nice slow burning stick. Hints,Nice slow burning stick. Hints of wood and leather during the first third. More peppery towards the end. Highly recommend trying.
Oliva Saison,5 out of 5,Great cigar a a great,Great cigar a a great price
Oliva Saison,5 out of 5,mellow and smooth,Good warm weather cigar. Pleasing taste. Would like to get it in a double robust.
Oliva Saison,5 out of 5,Very good for the price,Very good for the price
Oliva Saison,4 out of 5,one of the best,A nice morning smoke with a cup of Joe
Oliva Saison,4 out of 5,How I rate it.,"OK smoke, but nothing to brag about. I'd rate it a 89-90."
Oliva Saison,5 out of 5,Terrific value from Oliva,"Tremendous value... bought the weekly special, smoked my first right off the truck, and even without resting in the humidor, this is a tremendous smoke. The maduro is also excellent."
Oliva Saison,4 out of 5,Full Body And Flavorful,I prefer milder cigars. This Oliva packs a punch ... yet it is very smooth from start to the nub so I like one occasionally. Well rolled with an open draw. Burns slow cool and even. Flavors of cedar and spice with a little toast and a slight citrus and pepper. A good smoke.
Oliva Saison,5 out of 5,Real beauty of a cigar,"This smokes well, stores well and irrespective what your strength preference is you will like this."
Oliva Saison,4 out of 5,Not a 5 star,Not a 5 star. A bit harsh half way thru the burn. Would buy again.
Oliva Saison,5 out of 5,A keeper,I am going to keep some of these on hand
Oliva Saison,3 out of 5,"Oliva Saison okay nothing special,","Oliva Saison okay nothing special, picked as part of build your own sampler. The goal was to get the Ave Maria Davina’s at a great price as part of the deal."
Oliva Saison,5 out of 5,A great smoke,A great smoke
Oliva Saison,5 out of 5,The Best Oliva I have sampled yet!,"The Best Oliva I have smoked yet! Very smooth, good flavor and pleasant."
Oliva Saison,5 out of 5,Good all around smoke,Well worth the $$. This cigar can be soked anytime.
Oliva Saison,5 out of 5,OLIVA SAISON ROBUSTO,A very enjoyable Cigar. Smooth and slow burning.
Oliva Saison,5 out of 5,great product,they have many to choose from and great abundant of cigars. the problem is which to have and that's a great problem to have
Oliva Saison,5 out of 5,Love these,Excellent smoke
Oliva Saison,3 out of 5,Good Oliva variety,"Good cigar for variety in Oliva family, I think it is more medium strength than med full. Had several nico bombs in the last third of a few of the sticks. Burns well, nice aroma."
Oliva Saison,5 out of 5,One of my favorites!,One of my favorites!
Oliva Saison,5 out of 5,Olivia does it again!!!,"What a great cigar. Nice even burn smooth taste and the price is just awesome, put it your shopping cart before you change your mind."
Oliva Saison,5 out of 5,10/10,"Beautiful cigar, great taste, with an excellent burn. Is now in my top 5 picks."
Oliva Saison,5 out of 5,Great!,Great cigar. I couldn't put it down! Oliva does it again!
Oliva Saison,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,"Great flavor, perfect burned"
Oliva Saison Maduro,5 out of 5,good cigars,"Perfect test, nice price ."
Oliva Saison Maduro,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good cigar. Good price.
Oliva Saison Maduro,5 out of 5,Good day cigar,Last long time
Oliva Saison Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Oliva Saison Maduro,4 out of 5,Best yet,I have tried many value cigars and this maduro is definitely tops. I like the burn and rich flavor. Worth trying!
Oliva Saison Maduro,5 out of 5,Oliva Saison,"Good smoke, well made"
Oliva Saison Maduro,5 out of 5,This is a tasty robust,This is a tasty robust cigar. Well worth the money.
Oliva Saison Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar for the price,"Nice draw, smooth flavor and burn"
Oliva Saison Maduro,5 out of 5,Very smoith,Very smoith
Oliva Saison Maduro,4 out of 5,Saison,"These are ok cigars, ordered them to try something different. A good cigar at the price I paid, not what I was expecting."
Oliva Saison Maduro,4 out of 5,It's OK,"This is rated as medium-full. It is a nice smooth smoke but at best, it is only a medium bodied. The maduro tag is misleading. I won't buy another bundle."
Oliva Saison Maduro,3 out of 5,Average,Average
Oliva Saison Maduro,3 out of 5,Priced right,"Burns well, good smoke; short on flavor."
Oliva Saison Maduro,3 out of 5,Just an ok smoke,"Not the Oliva I’m used to smoking. Yet bitter, and drawn was a struggle, the price was good."
Oliva Saison Maduro,5 out of 5,Great prices. Quick shipping.,"Thank God for CI. With all the brick and mortar shops closed, CI has come through with great prices, cheap and quick shipping and a great product line."
Oliva Saison Maduro,4 out of 5,Olivia madura,Good smooth cigar
Oliva Saison Maduro,5 out of 5,Tasty stick,WOW! Just finished my first. This I would call the Guinness Stout of cigars. Not for the faint. Me like. Thanks CI.
Oliva Saison Maduro,5 out of 5,"Nice,thx","Very Nice,flavorful,yes peppery,full,Great burn,Good price,nice shape"
Oliva Saison Maduro,4 out of 5,Decent cigars for the price,Decent cigars for the price
Oliva Saison Maduro,5 out of 5,Great!,Great!
Oliva Saison Maduro,4 out of 5,Great flavor with a kick,"Very peppery at the start, but mellows out in the middle. The pepper comes back at the end but not overpowering....very nice cigars. Good daily."
Oliva Saison Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Products,Cigars are great in flavor even burn and great value. Lighter works great when you don’t have the wooden matches doesn’t blow out with light winds. CI has the best products at great prices!
Oliva Saison Maduro,3 out of 5,Milder than expected,"This is a good cigar for the price point. I'd rate it a bit above mild; if you were looking for something with more of a punch, this is not it. Great for your friends who aren't regular cigar fans. One downside, the bunch on these are all over the place. Some draw great. Others are rolled a bit too dense to draw well. This might be a good knock-about cigar for your humidor."
Oliva Saison Maduro,5 out of 5,Tra grate cigar.,Taste good and burn evenly.
Oliva Saison Maduro,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
Oliva Saison Maduro,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good construction and even smoke and ash
Oliva Saison Maduro,4 out of 5,Very good cigar,"As with most Oliva cigars, the Saison Maduro has a great taste. Even burn and easy draw. Nice oily wrapper, good from start to finish. Will buy again."
Oliva Saison Maduro,4 out of 5,great smoke,Smooth and rich smoke.
Oliva Saison Maduro,4 out of 5,Excellent Maduros,"I haven’t had a bad cigar from you yet. Excellent offerings, thanks."
Oliva Saison Maduro,5 out of 5,One of my favorites,These cigars are excellent. They burn evenly throughout the entire smoke.
Oliva Saison Maduro,5 out of 5,Very good smoke,Very good smoke
Oliva Saison Maduro,5 out of 5,"Excellent value, smooth yet rich maduro","Tremendous value from Oliva. Bought the weekly special, and smoked my first one right off the truck. Even without resting in the humidor, this is a luxurious smoke. The sibling Oliva Saison is also an excellent smoke. Two thumbs up for both."
Oliva Saison Maduro,5 out of 5,My new absolute favorite,"Tried it out, mostly because it was a reasonably priced Oliva and I'm a maduro guy anyway. Loved it so much I bought a second helping so I don't run out before Christmas!"
Oliva Saison Maduro,4 out of 5,Saison,Good smoke
Oliva Saison Maduro,4 out of 5,Oliva Saison Maduro Toro,great cigar the Oliva brand is a no brainer I've never had a bad cigar
Oliva Saison Maduro,3 out of 5,Good cigar,I thought the cigar had good flavor but was rather one-dimensional
Oliva Saison Maduro,4 out of 5,ok,ok
Oliva Saison Maduro,5 out of 5,Tastee,Good consistent well aged cigar
Oliva Saison Maduro,4 out of 5,It's a good cigar!,It's a good cigar!
Oliva Saison Maduro,5 out of 5,good to have,Wonderful Smoke for the price
Oliva Saison Maduro,4 out of 5,Nice cigar,"I like this cigar. It is a good smoke for the money. The draw, burn and aroma were very decent. I will keep these around."
Oliva Saison Maduro,1 out of 5,Ewe.. Yucky,"I can't get through a whole one…I tried 3 times, Wrapper has no flavor for the lips and this baby is bitter."
Oliva Saison Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Great Cigar with no issues. Smooth and good burn with great draw!
Oliva Serie G,4 out of 5,Oliva G,"Always good flavor, even burn, all the way to the end."
Oliva Serie G,5 out of 5,Great balance of flavor and,Great balance of flavor and strength with a consistent draw that keeps me coming back and never lets me down.
Oliva Serie G,5 out of 5,Best cigar,Love oliva
Oliva Serie G,5 out of 5,Very nice cigar.,Very nice cigar.
Oliva Serie G,5 out of 5,Oliva G,"Great cigar and at the sale price, good daily smoke."
Oliva Serie G,5 out of 5,I love these box-pressed torpedos.,The worst part of this cigar is that it eventually ends. There wasn’t a bad one in the batch.
Oliva Serie G,3 out of 5,FDC WAIALUA,"Just ok, agree with medium boldness but not a flavor for me"
Oliva Serie G,5 out of 5,"Smooth, good taste, decent draw. Will buy them again.","There is nothing better, in my view, than an Oliva. They are consistently extremely well made...nice draw, even and slow burn, great taste, wonderful cigars. Oliva doesn't even know how to make a bad cigar. And I have never encountered one."
Oliva Serie G,4 out of 5,Priced right for a quick,Priced right for a quick smoke
Oliva Serie G,4 out of 5,Good stuff !,"Like this cigar, a bit soft, and burns quickly , but great when you want a quick smoke."
Oliva Serie G,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"Fantastic cigar, received these in a sample box at a great price that, if you like Nicaraguan tobacco,could't be passed up! Now the box had 2 each of 5 different blends.Iv'e tried 4 so far and although there was not one I didn't like, the series g robusto really stood out.Great looking toothy Cameroon wrapper surrounding Nicaraguan tobacco.Nice and oily and smooth smoking a work of art.some Cameroon wrappers are so thin you can see through them and they sometimes split when you clip the end or get halfway through.Not this one...held up like a champ,a lot of flavor in this one...kind of cocoa tasting and not a heavy wood taste on the finish but just enough.will buy a box in the future...a must have for my humidor."
Oliva Serie G,5 out of 5,Delicious,Delicious
Oliva Serie G,5 out of 5,I’ve tried a lot of,I’ve tried a lot of good cigars in their price range and I always come back to Oliva. My go to cigar.
Oliva Serie G,5 out of 5,"A great priced, all around good cigar. Checks all the boxes.","I took about 10 years off of cigar smoking. I’m on about my 10th cigar now rebuilding my palette and seeing what’s new and what’s good. This Serie G was a great price at the B @ M and they’ve got a good reputation. I wanted exactly what this was. A good looking, mild-medium middle of everything smoke. My palette isn’t back to what it was yet, but the flavor was great, burned perfectly, the draw was excellent and I nubbed it. I like the box press as it fits my mouth a bit nicer as well. A really good cigar for half the cost of other similars. Next up for me today is a Work if Art Maduro ..."
Oliva Serie G,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Smooth. Even burn. A real pleasure smoke.
Oliva Serie G,5 out of 5,Taylor C,"It’s good cigars,tastes good excellent"
Oliva Serie G,5 out of 5,Cigars are the best,Cigars are the best
Oliva Serie G,5 out of 5,best cigar,best cigar that I ever smoked.
Oliva Serie G,5 out of 5,Oliva box cut,My favorite smoke. Smooth and reasonably priced.
Oliva Serie G,4 out of 5,Full Circle,Very good smoke stuff with coco and pepper. I must say that it's been a long time since I had one still the same good. I believe it was at least 7 years. No complaints just enjoyable I'm going to start like it's my first journey in the tobacco world.
Oliva Serie G,5 out of 5,Very smooth smoke,Very smooth smoke
Oliva Serie G,5 out of 5,Smooth. Excellent!!,Smooth. Excellent!!
Oliva Serie G,5 out of 5,Oliva’s are always great. G’s,Oliva’s are always great. G’s the best.
Oliva Serie G,5 out of 5,My favorite of the Oliva line,"I am a fan of the entire Oliva line andi I think cameroon wrappers make the best smokes. So, this is my favorite of the Olivas. Good construction; easy draw; even burn; smooth, flavorful taste. You can't go wrong with Oliva G."
Oliva Serie G,5 out of 5,Good cigar at the right price.,Oliva series G was given a great rating especially for the price. This made my choice pretty easy.
Oliva Serie G,5 out of 5,Fine Cigar,One of my favorite go to Smokes.
Oliva Serie G,3 out of 5,Great cigar,Good every day cigar.
Oliva Serie G,5 out of 5,best damn cigar ever,"ben smoking these cigars for years, they are 100 per cent."
Oliva Serie G,4 out of 5,Nice,Nice
Oliva Serie G,4 out of 5,Nice deals,Nice deals
Oliva Serie G,4 out of 5,Series G,"Medium body, an even burn with big smoke. A great stick for the money, but it makes me appreciate the Series O a little more, I see why they are a little pricier."
Oliva Serie G,5 out of 5,What a buy,"I always enjoy them. But usually out of my budget. From time to time I'd purchase a 5 pack for special occasions. So I jumped on the deal and as always I was disappointed.
Great taste thru and thru. Steady burn and Ash. You can't go wrong."
Oliva Serie G,5 out of 5,Just a great smoke,"Great draw,flavor. Feels good in hand. Last but most important got a great price on your 16 hour special. Do it again"
Oliva Serie G,5 out of 5,"Great taste, very smooth","Great taste, very smooth"
Oliva Serie G,4 out of 5,olivia serie G,"Excellent cigar, fresh, smooth, mild...love it."
Oliva Serie G,5 out of 5,Thank you!,"Thank you CI for the deal, prompt shipping and quality cigars!!"
Oliva Serie G,4 out of 5,"Great cigar! Burn is great,","Great cigar! Burn is great, flavor is smooth and wonderful throughout. I would recommend this to anyone."
Oliva Serie G,5 out of 5,Very nice cigar,"I enjoy my occasional cigar but don't want to spend a bunch on each one. The less expensive ones seem to be less tightly packed and burn quickly. The more expensive ones are great but just too much money. I think with this cigar I may have found exactly what I have been looking for. Good smooth flavor, burns nicely and lasts. I'll be getting more of these."
Oliva Serie G,3 out of 5,Good but not great,"CI has great service!! Amazing actually!!
I have bought the oliva v before and wanted to try the G. The G is a good cigar, but it flavour seems a little young compared to the V. I would not buy again and would wait for deals for the V."
Oliva Serie G,5 out of 5,Good cigars,I like how easily the boxed pressed Cigars stack in my humidor. Decent smoke. Not the best but decent.
Oliva Serie G,5 out of 5,Oliva G,Most of them have been good smokes. Had a couple that did not have a good burn.
Oliva Serie G,5 out of 5,What a nice surprise . . .,"I have been a Punch Robusto EMS cigar smoker for the last 30+ years. Always tried a friends cigar but would I would inevitably return to my favorite Punch. I purchased a box of Oliva Cigars for a friend's birthday and he was kind enough to share one with me. I was impressed. Milder then the Punch Cigar I love, but the flavors did stand up throughout the smoke. In closing, If you are looking for a mild well balanced smoke try an Olivia."
Oliva Serie G,5 out of 5,Smoothness,A great smooth cigar.
Oliva Serie G,5 out of 5,Best cigar I've had.....,"Ive been smoking cigars for about 3 years, trying to only buy 90+ rated by cogar aficionado. I generally like lighter connecticut wrapped cigars but this cigar was so magnificent i had to put my 2 cents in. Hands down the best cigar ive ever had. I bought this in a sampler and im 100% satisfied. I will be buying more. My brother in law took a puff and even he said it was fantastic. Buy them. Im sold."
Oliva Serie G,5 out of 5,Nice draw and even burn-a,Nice draw and even burn-a great smoke.
Oliva Serie G,5 out of 5,"Oliva Box Press ""G""",Fine smooth cigar...burns well !
Oliva Serie G,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"Delicious flavor and slow, easy burn. I would buy these again."
Oliva Serie G,4 out of 5,Gift cards,Having trouble cashing in my gift cards
Oliva Serie G,5 out of 5,Olivia G,Good evening smoke
Oliva Serie G,5 out of 5,One of the best Oliva’s,One of the best Oliva’s I’ve had
Oliva Serie G Maduro,5 out of 5,Oliva G,"Great cigar, will be ordering more of these."
Oliva Serie G Maduro,5 out of 5,amazing!!!,amazing!!!
Oliva Serie G Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Oliva Serie G Maduro,5 out of 5,Smooth Cigar,Very smooth and crisp tobacco.
Oliva Serie G Maduro,5 out of 5,Best Oliva?,"Fantastic price, fantastic cigar. So consistent. Burn is nearly perfect, draw is perfect, flavors are varied. Soooo good."
Oliva Serie G Maduro,4 out of 5,"Go,to smokes","These are and always will be, my go to smokes. Absolutely amazing taste and the oily wrapper never compromises. Box has been stored in my humidor and I expect each to smoke like the first. These are A grade stogies. Buy them."
Oliva Serie G Maduro,4 out of 5,"Medium-Full guys, give this a try! Smokes fast.","I received one of these in a sample pack, and was very excited to try it out. I should've let it rest another couple days, but couldn't wait.
On Immediately lighting, I noticed a nice tooth to the cigar, rich coffee flavor mixed with some earthy tones, and a strong pepper taste. It definitely starts strong with the spicy flavors staying strong, but not overpowering. As I got into the second third of the cigar, it began to mellow a bit, coffee flavor was almost gone, with the earthy flavors toning down a lot, but still noticeable, the peppery/spiciness was still there though, possibly a bit stronger.
I found this cigar needed to be purged several times to pull the flavor out, as it seemed to bog down a bit between long periods between puffs. This cigar also started canoeing a bit for me about halfway through, not horribly, but enough to notice. The ash was excellent, and didn't fall until I actually put the cigar down. The Robusto's are box rolled, I don't hate it, but it is something to consider.
The biggest reason I gave this 4 stars is because the cigar smoked very quickly. Typically, for me, a robusto lasts 45-60 minutes, I had this smoked within 20-25 minutes.
Overall, if you like a medium-full bodied cigars, this is an excellent choice. A bit of tooth, and a very nice smoke, I may have to pick up a Belicoso or Torpedo to try and give this cigar more puffing time. Overall though, excellent cigar, which I'd highly recommend to anyone that enjoys a medium-full."
Oliva Serie G Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke.,Great smoke.
Oliva Serie G Maduro,3 out of 5,Okay but...,Pretty decent cigar. Okay burn. Not a box full item for me though.
Oliva Serie G Maduro,4 out of 5,"Pretty good, nice flavor.","Pretty good, nice flavor."
Oliva Serie G Maduro,5 out of 5,Great service,"Thank you CI, the order got here right on time and there was no problem with the shipment at all. I always get great service when I order with you and have recommended CI to several people."
Oliva Serie G Maduro,5 out of 5,Good Value,"Nice smooth smoke. Goes great, in my opinion, with either an after dinner coffee or bourbon. A regular in my humidor."
Oliva Serie G Maduro,3 out of 5,Not what I thought,These turned out to be pressed Oliva G Maduro Robusto's which is not what I was looking for. I was looking for the rolled Robustos. Did want to go through the trouble of sending back. I do however love the rolled robusto g Maduro's. Received the shipment quickly
Oliva Serie G Maduro,3 out of 5,Different blend.,"Strong wrapper, light filler. Light, rigid cigar. Construction okay, tho unusually thin wrapper leaf for a Maduro-type. It tends to loosen at the mouth. I could see that this blend could gain a following (I gave one to a friend who likes strong blends & he loved it) & it is a good value but the blend was not to my taste. Not a lot of complexity & a bit off balance."
Oliva Serie G Maduro,5 out of 5,Great box pressed,This is an excellent box pressed. I try to keep a few in my humidore so I have for special occasions
Oliva Serie G Maduro,5 out of 5,Quality Smoke,"Oliva Serie G Maduro continues to be one of my favorite smokes. The flavors are consistent as well as the construction. It's a good thing that CI always has a good supply of them, because some shops seem to have a very limited supply. Will continue to order these cigars."
Oliva Serie G Maduro,5 out of 5,Oliva Serie G Maduro Belicoso,Perfect sized smoke! Lasts about 45 minutes of pure deliciousness!
Oliva Serie G Maduro,5 out of 5,Search is Over,I was looking for a new go to stick and I finely found it with the Oliva G maduro torpedo. Thanks to Cigars International samplers my search is over.
Oliva Serie G Maduro,4 out of 5,Quality cigar,"This is a quality cigar, very please with the choice. I usually smoke the serie g 3 X 3.75 but have been unable to locate the box of 48"
Oliva Serie G Maduro,5 out of 5,My go-to cigar...,"I love Oliva Maduro cigars. Excellent from start to finish. I enjoy the aesthetics of the box press. Doesn't hold in the fingers as easily as the rounds but thats ok. This is my cool ""mornings on the deck in my rocker"" cigar."
Oliva Serie G Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"Love the Maduro G's. Consistently a good, rich smoke, beginning to end."
Oliva Serie G Maduro,4 out of 5,Oliva G maduros,One of my favorite smokes is the Oliva G series maduros. I especially like the churchill size.
Oliva Serie G Maduro,5 out of 5,Oliva G maduro robusto,"One of my affordable favorites. Smooth smoke, consistent flavor, even burn."
Oliva Serie G Maduro,5 out of 5,Small figurado with a punch,"I had the special G maduro, a small figurado around the size of the Fuente Short Story, if you're familiar. A great little smoke for a good price. The construction was a bit tight and I had to cut a bit more off the cap than normal to ease the draw, but after about a half inch I stopped caring. Wow! wasn't expecting this flavor from this little gremlin. Started off with a bit of pepper and an overall earthy taste. Into the middle, the pepper ramps up and sits on the back of the tongue, earth tones start to trail off and be replaced with a sweet leather. This flavor mix stays down to the finger-burning nub (ask how I know), if mellowing slightly and melding together nicely. I didn't get much coffee/cocoa like I was hoping for, but I wasn't disappointed. I found myself not wanting to put this one out. Good job, as always, Oliva."
Oliva Serie G Maduro,4 out of 5,Satisfying maduro,"A satisfying maduro.
Starts out peppery, then mellows nicely.
Lots of flavor without being overpowering.
A small step below the greats, but a solid choice at a decent price."
Oliva Serie G Maduro,5 out of 5,"Good, solid maduro","Nice dark wrapper. Easy draw. great construction.
A bit toothy, but nice.
Just the right strength for a maduro, in my opinion.
Will definitely order again."
Oliva Serie G Maduro,5 out of 5,Good service,"Cigars appeared on time, I got exactly what I asked for, and had a lovely smoke…can’t ask for much more than that!"
Oliva Serie G Maduro,5 out of 5,Truly great cigar and service,"If you're a ""Maduro man"" the Oliva G Maduro will scratch your itch.
I deal exclusively with CI. Their customer service is amazing."
Oliva Serie G Maduro,5 out of 5,Dark and smooth.,A nice alternative to a Short Story.
Oliva Serie G Maduro,4 out of 5,Cool smoke,"This cigar is a box press stogie that smokes exceptionally cool. Looking for a mid day cigar or have a friend that can't handle a Series O; this is your player. Easy draw, and nicely balanced taste. Notes of coffee, leather, and mild spice. A fine mild smoke."
Oliva Serie G Maduro,5 out of 5,Olivia series G Madura torpedo,very rich flavor. Smooth draw . Consistent quality construction
Oliva Serie G Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Stick,One of the first cigars I smoked and I absolutely love them. Smooth as silk draw and burns so tight.
Oliva Serie G Maduro,5 out of 5,Nice smoke cool night,"Very nice smoke,mild creamy and smooth great after dinner...very enjoyable"
Oliva Serie G Maduro,5 out of 5,Linda farber,"Good service, good product"
Oliva Serie G Maduro,5 out of 5,Good service,I was able to modify my online order after I pass my order with a nice person over the phone
Oliva Serie G Maduro,5 out of 5,My husband's favorite cigar,My husbands was totally pleased with his cigar smoking experience!
Oliva Serie O,5 out of 5,Oliva is best one,Taste great and smooth smoking!! two thumbs up!
Oliva Serie O,4 out of 5,One of my favorite cigars,One of my favorite cigars
Oliva Serie O,5 out of 5,Oliva,Haven't had a bad one yet. A reliable cigar.
Oliva Serie O,4 out of 5,Definitely will buy again,Definitely will buy again
Oliva Serie O,5 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
Oliva Serie O,5 out of 5,great smoke,great smoke
Oliva Serie O,5 out of 5,Fantastic,Fantastic
Oliva Serie O,4 out of 5,Pretty good,Pretty good
Oliva Serie O,5 out of 5,Simple not hash,Simple not hash
Oliva Serie O,5 out of 5,Super,"Super cigar mild flavor and burns perfectly, loved it!"
Oliva Serie O,4 out of 5,Good taste and draw,Good taste and draw
Oliva Serie O,5 out of 5,very good,very good
Oliva Serie O,4 out of 5,"Good quality,properly rolled and a","Good quality,properly rolled and a clean burning cigar with good flovor."
Oliva Serie O,4 out of 5,"Nice cigar, smooth smoke.","Nice cigar, smooth smoke."
Oliva Serie O,5 out of 5,easy smoke great taste well constructed,Olivia is well respected cigar(Puros ) Well made easy draw and easy on the tongue
Oliva Serie O,5 out of 5,Can't Go Wrong With Oliva,"I bought these as a gift for my Son. He's a big fan of Oliva (like his Dad). The Serie V are his favorite, but the Serie O runs a close second."
Oliva Serie O,4 out of 5,Good consistent draw throughout.,"This is a good cigar, especially for the price. It is strong but not overwhelmingly
strong."
Oliva Serie O,5 out of 5,Oliva,Get these for my wife. These are her second favorites. Robust but smooth and good taste
Oliva Serie O,5 out of 5,Excellent!,Great full body smoke.
Oliva Serie O,4 out of 5,I like em!,I like em!
Oliva Serie O,5 out of 5,Oliva O,Incredibly consistent and awesome “go to” smoke.
Oliva Serie O,5 out of 5,You can't go wrong with Oliva Series O,"I am a big fan of Oliva cigars. I have smoked the Series O in various sizes and they always deliver. The CI description puts the Series O toward the ""bold"" end of the spectrum but I ifind them to be ""medium-to-mild"". No matter the size or shape, they are nicely constructed and provide a tasty, even burn. I always have Olivas in one of my humidoras."
Oliva Serie O,4 out of 5,"Very nice cigar, very smooth","Very nice cigar, very smooth long burning nice notes."
Oliva Serie O,5 out of 5,Nice cigar. Good construction Always,Nice cigar. Good construction Always consistent.
Oliva Serie O,4 out of 5,Good mild smoke all the,Good mild smoke all the way through.
Oliva Serie O,5 out of 5,Going back in time.,I been smoking torpedo for 10 years plus off and on always enjoy them can't never say anything bad only good things it's all true
Oliva Serie O,5 out of 5,Oliva series O torp,"I always enjoy this smooth, flavorful even burning cool smoke. The sale price for 5 packs sealed the deal for me and I ordered a few."
Oliva Serie O,5 out of 5,"Oliva ""O"" are always a","Oliva ""O"" are always a great smoke."
Oliva Serie O,5 out of 5,Intense. My kind of Cigar!,Intense. My kind of Cigar!
Oliva Serie O,5 out of 5,A very good smoke for,A very good smoke for the price.
Oliva Serie O,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar!,"This is a great tasting, fine smoking cigar. My original order was received into the area from UPS in a very timely manner however the Local Post Office miss delivered my order and never recovered it. CI put the cigars back on order and even though the cigars were back ordered the order was filled quickly and successfully delivered to me! Thanks CI for your outstanding service and swift re-delivery of these fine cigars! No one does it better for great cigars and outstanding customer satifaction!"
Oliva Serie O,4 out of 5,Very tasty,Great cigar at a great price. Smooth and slow burning with excellent flavor. I would purchase these again.
Oliva Serie O,5 out of 5,"Great draw, always consistently well","Great draw, always consistently well crafted. My go to."
Oliva Serie O,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Oliva Serie O,5 out of 5,Just what I was looking for,A nice smoke. Perfect for my taste.
Oliva Serie O,4 out of 5,Very good smoke,Very good smoke
Oliva Serie O,5 out of 5,One of the best!,"Time and time again.......Easily, one of the best cigars for the money I ever smoked."
Oliva Serie O,5 out of 5,Great,"Great smell, full smoke with a great beginning. Great smoke to the nub!"
Oliva Serie O,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Oliva Serie O,4 out of 5,Very nice. You won't be disappointed.,"Never had an Oliva until this cigar. Wanted to try out the Oliva V-serie specifically, but the O-serie was offered in a sampler bundle. Upon opening, I let it sit in the humi for about a week @ 70%. First of note is a good fragrance it puts off. Notes of cedar, soft leather, and a hint of cinnamon. Smoke it down and then you get some spice making its way through the stick. For the quality vs. price, it's a great choice."
Oliva Serie O,5 out of 5,Oliva Serie O,Lip smackin' good!
Oliva Serie O,5 out of 5,Beautifully built cigars,"I'd bought this box roughly a year and a half ago. Gave away one and smoked three with company right away. No complaints then...
The ones that married taste better now."
Oliva Serie O,5 out of 5,My favorite,"One of the best, most consistent cigars that are regularly in my humidor. Full of flavor, even the ""dark wrapper only"" guys would enjoy."
Oliva Serie O,5 out of 5,Great deal!,And great stick!
Oliva Serie O,4 out of 5,Excellent,Delicious stick. Very nice burn. Wonderful flavor. Medium bodied. Perfect anytime.
Oliva Serie O,3 out of 5,oliva serie o torpedo,not bad
Oliva Serie O,3 out of 5,"Olva Seri ""O""","Seemed to burn a little to warm for my pallet. I liked the Seri ""V"" better as it seemed to be cooler. Both ""O"" and ""V"" provided fine tasting experiences."
Oliva Serie O,4 out of 5,Very Nice Smoke!,"Great Flavor, Great Stick! Will Buy again!"
Oliva Serie O,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,"I enjoy these Olivia cigars every time- smooth, full body. Just a really nice smoke!"
Oliva Serie O,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"I thought this one might be more ""bold"" than I would like. Turns out it was smooth and flavorful and got better as I smoked it. Highly recommend it. Will definitely buy again."
Oliva Serie O Maduro,5 out of 5,"Great taste, even burn",These cigars taste great down to the nub. They draw well and have an even burn. They are consistent. They all seem to be firmly packed and leave a consistent white ash. One of my favorites.
Oliva Serie O Maduro,5 out of 5,great cigar good draw and,great cigar good draw and flavor
Oliva Serie O Maduro,5 out of 5,BIg O,Graet tasting cigar
Oliva Serie O Maduro,5 out of 5,Olivia,Love this ciga
Oliva Serie O Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent.,Excellent.
Oliva Serie O Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar Burns even nice medium flavor great cigar for anytime will definitely buy again
Oliva Serie O Maduro,5 out of 5,a maduro smoker,vey nice maduro
Oliva Serie O Maduro,5 out of 5,",",","
Oliva Serie O Maduro,5 out of 5,This cigar is fabulous...the regular,This cigar is fabulous...the regular Series O as well as the Maduro will be going into my collection next to the Series V
Oliva Serie O Maduro,5 out of 5,oliva series o,"Love them, they are great cigars."
Oliva Serie O Maduro,4 out of 5,Very good strong smoke. Starts,"Very good strong smoke. Starts harsh, smoothes out in a couple minutes to a very good relaxing smoke. I would recommend it to people who enjoy a heady tasty cigar."
Oliva Serie O Maduro,4 out of 5,Very nice smoke,Very nice smoke
Oliva Serie O Maduro,5 out of 5,Awesome cigar!,"These Oliva Series ""O"" are my number 1 go to cigar!
Smooth and tasty! Hard to beat this cigar!"
Oliva Serie O Maduro,5 out of 5,Nice Cigar,Nice Cigar
Oliva Serie O Maduro,5 out of 5,Olivia madro,Very nice smoke; some in box are extremely stiff/hard; some hard to keep burning
Oliva Serie O Maduro,5 out of 5,Great,My new favorite
Oliva Serie O Maduro,5 out of 5,O so good,The Oliva in the O Maduro series I sent smoke signals was a cigar I purchased in Puerto Vallarta last summer 2017. I’ve been hooked ever since. Great smoke. This is a Mans Cigar.
Oliva Serie O Maduro,5 out of 5,My new favorite!,"Surprisingly smooth and easy for what is rated as a full body smoke. The churchill made for a very enjoyable, long, 1 1/2 hour smoke."
Oliva Serie O Maduro,5 out of 5,"“O”, its fantastic!",The Oliva Serie O maduro is a fantastic cigar. Don’t leave home without it!
Oliva Serie O Maduro,5 out of 5,"I love all Olives, but","I love all Olives, but the O Maduro is my go to! It’s a great smoke any time. I especially enjoy it in the morning."
Oliva Serie O Maduro,5 out of 5,Great!,Keep up the good work.
Oliva Serie O Maduro,5 out of 5,"Best of the Full, Medium and Mild Categories.","This is by far the best cigar I have ever smoked in the Full category.
I also like Arturo Fuente Signature Classic in the Medium Category,
And Cuesta Rey 1884 maduro and Don Diego Privada #1 maduro in the Mild category."
Oliva Serie O Maduro,5 out of 5,Top 10,"I rate the ""O"" at the top of my chart, which is why it was chosen to be the cigar for my recent wedding. The guests are now new ""O"" enthusiasts."
Oliva Serie O Maduro,5 out of 5,Oliva Madurai,Great cigar hearty earthy
Oliva Serie O Maduro,5 out of 5,Fantastic smoke with a full body and unexpected developments along the length.,"After going through box of 20 robusto sized Oliva Serie O Maduros, I must say that these are amazing. It's a little light on the maduro quality I am sometimes after, and a little spicy at the beginning, but the wood, leather, and chocolate in the last third always impresses me. I'll always keep these in stock."
Oliva Serie O Maduro,5 out of 5,Great taste,Packed tight and great flavor
Oliva Serie O Maduro,5 out of 5,Aquilles of Myrmidon,Oliva O maduro 6 X 60 among the best cigars in the world. A real Puro.
Oliva Serie O Maduro,3 out of 5,OH No ....disappointed,oliva serie O......oh no what a disappointment....big fan of the V and G but this one just didnt do it for me. its not a complete dog rocket but i just didnt get much flavor out of this one....a hint of toast and that was about it. The cigar is very well constructed and looked great very minimal veins and a nice even dark color with no visible flaws. The draw was perfect on this one ....so all in all this was a so so smoke for me
Oliva Serie O Maduro,4 out of 5,Good stick,As a novice smoker I don't know a lot about the flavors and such. This cigar however delivers a smooth draw and even burn which is all I can say about it.
Oliva Serie O Maduro,5 out of 5,Oliva Series O Maduro,One of the finest cigars I have ever smoked and I've been enjoying cigars for over 10 years.
Oliva Serie O Maduro,5 out of 5,great smoke,"really like these, smooth"
Oliva Serie O Maduro,5 out of 5,Love my Olivas,"the Oliva Series ""O"" Maduro is a very fine little cigar.
I try to keep a few in the humidor all the time."
Oliva Serie O Maduro,4 out of 5,Good smoke,"Good smoke, nice draw"
Oliva Serie O Maduro,2 out of 5,Not impressed,I personally didn't care for these cigars. Looked at the ratings and felt mislead. Hard to keep lit and no particular flavor that stood out. I much prefer H Uppman and Flor de las Antillas cigars in this price range.
Oliva Serie V,5 out of 5,Daily favorite,"I'm spoiled. Don't often have time to enjoy a full size cigar out side of the weekend. Consistent, yummy, my go to."
Oliva Serie V,5 out of 5,Oliva Serie V,"This cigar is my go to brand. Nice robust flavor, slow even burn and the right amount on Umph!"
Oliva Serie V,5 out of 5,Double Robusto,This cigar is extremely complex! Lots of flavor! Great draw! Never disappoints!
Oliva Serie V,5 out of 5,The Premium!,"The best cigar in the fleet so I say! Full of life, depth and flavor, it isn't for the timid. I thoroughly enjoy this cigar. Tis my favorite indeed."
Oliva Serie V,5 out of 5,Great pleasant smoking cigars,Great pleasant smoking cigars
Oliva Serie V,5 out of 5,Great smoke and taste.,This cigar is really very good tasting cigar for it's price.
Oliva Serie V,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Cannot go wromg here
Oliva Serie V,4 out of 5,Perfect timing,I Like a 30 - 40 minute cigar that has a medium taste. This is it! It is a torpedo so I find an angle cut is better than a V
Oliva Serie V,5 out of 5,Top notch,Top notch
Oliva Serie V,5 out of 5,Oliva V,This is one of my favorite cigars
Oliva Serie V,5 out of 5,Still my favorite smoke,"Great burn, smooth draw, unbeatable flavor. I’m 10 smokes into the box and no duds."
Oliva Serie V,5 out of 5,I keep coming back to,"I keep coming back to this cigar for 3 reasons. Excellent construction , bold flavor but not overpowering and slow, even burn."
Oliva Serie V,5 out of 5,Oliva series V,Great cigar
Oliva Serie V,5 out of 5,My go to cigar!,"Always great, consistent draw and more welcome than ever"
Oliva Serie V,4 out of 5,So do,Poor draw on several
Oliva Serie V,5 out of 5,Best cigar hands down,"This is my go to cigar and I think one of the very best. I've had tons of them and they are also the most consistent in every respect. Great burn, great taste, great draw every time. They are exceptional with coffee or rum....or both! They are worth every penny no doubt."
Oliva Serie V,5 out of 5,Excellent,This is one of the best cigars i have ever smoked full flavor but not to harsh pares very well with a Santiago Di Cuba 11 year old rum.
Oliva Serie V,4 out of 5,Great smoke but pricey,"The Oliva V's are always one of favorites and the quality is always high. I get it, you get what you pay for but even though I think very highly of this smoke, I think they are a bit too proud of it."
Oliva Serie V,5 out of 5,Frizley,Great smoke
Oliva Serie V,5 out of 5,Second or third on my best cigar list,Great cigar especially when on sale
Oliva Serie V,5 out of 5,My FAV,I just love this cigar I have tried a lot of cigars this is still my fav!!!!!!
Oliva Serie V,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigars,"Extremely well made. Even burn/ash.
Full flavor. Don’t be fooled by the Robusto shape: this is a long smoke. 45 minutes to an hour. Will definitely buy again. Actually just ordered again."
Oliva Serie V,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,My favorite cigar! Consistent box after box.
Oliva Serie V,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Oliva Serie V,4 out of 5,Outstanding!,One of the best cigars I’ve smoked to date. I liked them so much it’s the first & only full box that I purchased- and I got them for an excellent black Friday price at ci.com!
Oliva Serie V,5 out of 5,"Oliva V double toro, great","Oliva V double toro, great cigar"
Oliva Serie V,5 out of 5,oliva serie v,"love this cigar, this is the ""go to"" stick"
Oliva Serie V,5 out of 5,Oliva Rocks!,"Great cigar, nothing more to be said."
Oliva Serie V,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Oliva Serie V,5 out of 5,Solid cigar. Never disappointes,Solid cigar. Never disappointes
Oliva Serie V,5 out of 5,Great price great cigars fast,Great price great cigars fast shipping
Oliva Serie V,5 out of 5,"Great stick, Love them","Great stick, Love them"
Oliva Serie V,4 out of 5,Worth the money,"Rich flavor, great value!"
Oliva Serie V,5 out of 5,Great,My go to stick....never fails to deliver taste and the strength I enjoy.
Oliva Serie V,5 out of 5,I can't say enough....,GREAT >>>>
Oliva Serie V,5 out of 5,Great Smoke!,Even burning smoke from beginning to end
Oliva Serie V,5 out of 5,Love these Oliva Cigars!,Great little mellow tasting cigars. I’m going to have to keep plenty of these in my humidor!
Oliva Serie V,5 out of 5,Olivia Serie V Double Robusto,Excellent!! Very nice burn.
Oliva Serie V,5 out of 5,Oliva Serie V Double Robusto,Always 5 Star!!!!!
Oliva Serie V,5 out of 5,Smooth consistent burn. Full bodied.,Smooth consistent burn. Full bodied. Great constrruction
Oliva Serie V,5 out of 5,Oliva Serie V,My very favorite cigars hands down.
Oliva Serie V,5 out of 5,"Great, but pricey.","If you're willing to spend some money for a great medium to full body smoke, Oliva V is the best. Perfect burn, perfect draw, excellent flavors."
Oliva Serie V,5 out of 5,Lob theV!!!The lancero smokes like,Lob theV!!!The lancero smokes like a dream!
Oliva Serie V,5 out of 5,One of the best!,The Melanio is one of the finest cigars made. One of my top 5.
Oliva Serie V,5 out of 5,Always a consistent spoke quite,Always a consistent spoke quite a girl full of flavor full body Matches my pallet Perfect should be paired with a mellow wine
Oliva Serie V,5 out of 5,Solid Medium Full Gar,"Always have these in my humidor. Really enjoy the flavor, definitely not too harsh/strong. Have some changes in flavor, construction and burn normally excellent."
Oliva Serie V,5 out of 5,Fabulous Smoke,"One of my top three cigars, well constructed, great draw, and the flavors!"
Oliva Serie V,5 out of 5,Short but strong,Great draw and robust flavor. In my top 5 cigars
Oliva Serie V,4 out of 5,Yum,Olivia cigars are Great and this cigar does not disappoint smooth and tasty
Oliva Serie V,5 out of 5,Oliva Serie V Double Robusto,"The series ""V"" has always been a super smoke. All sweet spot with this one!"
Oliva Serie 'V' Maduro,5 out of 5,Great! Love them!,Great! Love them!
Oliva Serie 'V' Maduro,5 out of 5,Another great cigar. Oliva always,Another great cigar. Oliva always delivers
Oliva Serie 'V' Maduro,4 out of 5,good quality,good quality
Oliva Serie 'V' Maduro,5 out of 5,Oliva V,Can't ho wrong all time best very good stick and a smike to remember. OLIVA best master piece.
Oliva Serie 'V' Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,"Very well made cigar, stays lit, tight ask, easy draw, burns cool!!!"
Oliva Serie 'V' Maduro,5 out of 5,Great deal,Can’t beat the price on these sticks this was a no brainer
Oliva Serie 'V' Maduro,5 out of 5,"Freaking great, right out of","Freaking great, right out of the gats😎"
Oliva Serie 'V' Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigars!,Great cigars!
Oliva Serie 'V' Maduro,4 out of 5,Expanding my taste,"Not a bad smoke. I've been sampling different labels here and there, to appease my local cigar shop owner. And I have to say, he found me a new favorite."
Oliva Serie 'V' Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke for the money,Well built cigar. Always burns even. Great smoke.
Oliva Serie 'V' Maduro,5 out of 5,Never disappoints!,Never disappoints!
Oliva Serie 'V' Maduro,5 out of 5,A Real Quality Cigar,This is a really great quality Cigar....Smokes well all the way to the end!
Oliva Serie 'V' Maduro,5 out of 5,Awesome,Can’t go wrong with Olivia V
Oliva Serie 'V' Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Oliva Serie 'V' Maduro,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Oliva Serie 'V' Maduro,5 out of 5,The best,The best
Oliva Serie 'V' Maduro,5 out of 5,Exceptional!,Exceptional!
Oliva Serie 'V' Maduro,3 out of 5,"Not the best, nor the","Not the best, nor the worse."
Oliva Serie 'V' Maduro,3 out of 5,The cigars I would buy,The cigars I would buy again. I want to be fair though and say I have some better and some worst.
Oliva Serie 'V' Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar,One of my favorite cigar.
Oliva Serie 'V' Maduro,4 out of 5,Oliva,"Hefty in the hand. Smooth and slow burn.
Deep, rich and nuanced flavor. Consistently."
Oliva Serie 'V' Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent as always,Oliva V is a first round draft pick.
Oliva Serie 'V' Maduro,5 out of 5,Good of course,"Just a great cigar start to finish. Construction, flavor, smoke. This has it all."
Oliva Serie 'V' Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent,Oliva Serie V is one of the best nicaraguan cigar produced today. Cigar International is one of the best Cigar Store online. I always receive myorders with very fresh cigars. Never complaint.
Oliva Serie 'V' Maduro,4 out of 5,Very good smoke with a great finish,Will come back for more!
Oliva Serie 'V' Maduro,4 out of 5,Series V a Very good cigar,"I am a fan of Oliva in general and find the Series V to be the best! Well made, burns evenly, tastes great. less filling!"
Oliva Serie 'V' Maduro,5 out of 5,Oliva,Beautys
Oliva Serie 'V' Maduro,5 out of 5,Olivas,Absolutely beautiful
Oliva Serie 'V' Maduro,5 out of 5,Good Cigar,"I'm always a big fan of Oliva. They're well made, taste great, and burn well. I like the Melanio better, but this is a good cigar."
Oliva Serie 'V' Maduro,4 out of 5,Trashman Olivia V,"I found this to be tasty, great smell."
Oliva Serie 'V' Maduro,4 out of 5,Very good cigar.,"Boy, for the price this smokes as well as a much more expensive cigar. Great construction, slow burning delicious."
Oliva Serie 'V' Maduro,5 out of 5,Great,Wish I could afford to smoke them all the time!!
Oliva Serie 'V' Maduro,4 out of 5,A good smoke,These are a good smoke. They have a good moderate taste (not too strong or harsh and not too mild). I like them.
Oliva Serie 'V' Maduro,5 out of 5,Great as always,"Good strenghth, even burn. What more can you ask for ?"
Oliva Serie 'V' Maduro,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Oliva Serie 'V' Maduro,5 out of 5,One of my favorite cigars.,One of my favorite cigars. Outstanding
Oliva Serie 'V' Maduro,5 out of 5,Oliva Series V Maduro Double Toro,"Let me begin by saying I am an Oliva fanatic. Great smoke, hits all my flavor profiles, I will place them in my rotation. I waited a long time for Oliva to put out Series V
in Maduro and I am very happy."
Oliva Serie 'V' Maduro,3 out of 5,Not as good as the,"Not as good as the regular Oliva V’s, but still a good cigar"
Oliva Serie 'V' Maduro,5 out of 5,A top selection for special evening,Nice medium smoke. Well constructed and burns even. Found that I was saving them for special occasions
Oliva Serie 'V' Maduro,4 out of 5,"Good flavor, good burn. Amongst","Good flavor, good burn. Amongst my favorites."
Oliva Serie 'V' Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke! I love the,Great smoke! I love the flavor and the slow/even burn.
Oliva Serie 'V' Maduro,4 out of 5,Cigar is well constructed in,Cigar is well constructed in burns like a dream. Loads of flavor would definitely purchase again
Oliva Serie 'V' Maduro,5 out of 5,Great burn and smooth taste,One of my favorite smokes. Enough flavor and great burn.
Oliva Serie 'V' Maduro,5 out of 5,Top shelf,I like Oliva and these did not disappoint. Even burn and great flavor
Oliva Serie 'V' Maduro,5 out of 5,Series v,Excellent. Olivia v are always very good. You can never go wrong.
Oliva Serie 'V' Maduro,4 out of 5,Starts hot then mellows,Starts hot then mellows
Oliva Serie 'V' Maduro,5 out of 5,GREAT DEAL,This series is one of my favorites a smokes to the end
Oliva Serie 'V' Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent Smoke,"This is my 2nd box and I'm enjoying it very much, good burn, good draw, good flavor."
Oliva Serie 'V' Maduro,3 out of 5,Good not great,Good cigar with solid construction but so so flavor for the price.
Oliva Serie 'V' Maduro,4 out of 5,Great smoke.,"Lots of rich, earthy flavor. Burns well."
Oliva Serie V Melanio,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"Nice, easy smooth cigar."
Oliva Serie V Melanio,5 out of 5,Cigar one of the best,"Excellent smoke every cigar.
What a pleasure to smoke one."
Oliva Serie V Melanio,5 out of 5,Awezome,Really enjoyed it
Oliva Serie V Melanio,5 out of 5,Melanio,Go to smoke. These are favorites!
Oliva Serie V Melanio,5 out of 5,"Great cigar, has a goot","Great cigar, has a goot tast and a good draw I'd definitely re-order"
Oliva Serie V Melanio,5 out of 5,It was excellent one of,It was excellent one of my favorite cigars
Oliva Serie V Melanio,5 out of 5,Review of Oliva Serie 'V' Melanio Robusto,"I recently received a pack of 10. Saving them for an upcoming trip but had to sample one. Outstanding smoothness, nutty, robust flavor. I'm a big Oliva fan and this cigar takes my appreciation to a higher level."
Oliva Serie V Melanio,5 out of 5,Awesome smoke! One of my,Awesome smoke! One of my favorites!
Oliva Serie V Melanio,5 out of 5,Great cigars,I am an Oliva fan and the V series is my favorite cigar!
Oliva Serie V Melanio,5 out of 5,Serie V Melanio,My go to favorite for a very long time.
Oliva Serie V Melanio,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Oliva Serie V Melanio,5 out of 5,Nothing better,This is simply the best cigar on the market. Sublime flavor and excellent construction.
Oliva Serie V Melanio,4 out of 5,Box pressed,I love these cigars but not the box pressed it seems to loose something. The price needs to come down so I can buy more of the 5 inch 60
Oliva Serie V Melanio,5 out of 5,Quality,What can I say just a excellent rounded cigar that provides the pleasure of a good smoke
Oliva Serie V Melanio,5 out of 5,Possible GOAT,Oliva series V Melanio is battling to be greatest of all time (GOAT).
Oliva Serie V Melanio,5 out of 5,These never disappoint,"I love the Melanio. Great cigar. And when you get it on sale,... even better. I do prefer the boxes over the packs though. When they come in packs (cellophane), I need to unwrap them, take them out of the individual cellophane, and leave them in the humidor for a couple months to off gas that little bitter taste that they have when they arrive individually wrapped in cellophane. After that,... they taste just like they arrived in a box."
Oliva Serie V Melanio,5 out of 5,Great Value,Oliva Melanio is one of my favorite cigars. It was nice to see these offers on a sale discount. Very enjoyable smoke.
Oliva Serie V Melanio,5 out of 5,great.smooth cigar,great.smooth cigar
Oliva Serie V Melanio,5 out of 5,Epic smokes,Olivia V Melanio cigars are richly deserving of the universal praise they receive.
Oliva Serie V Melanio,4 out of 5,Wonderful cigar. Oliva is one,"Wonderful cigar. Oliva is one of my favorites, everything about this cigar is great. Thanks to Cigars International for the opportunity to experience these cigars with their deals."
Oliva Serie V Melanio,5 out of 5,Melanos,Smooth and tasty!!
Oliva Serie V Melanio,5 out of 5,V Melanio,Oliva's best blend doesn't disappoint. Consistent from one batch to the next.
Oliva Serie V Melanio,5 out of 5,Smooth smoke,This is my go to when I want to sit back and enjoy a long lasting cigar.
Oliva Serie V Melanio,4 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Oliva Serie V Melanio,5 out of 5,Great cigars,Great cigars
Oliva Serie V Melanio,5 out of 5,repeat buyer,"top quality cigar, great flavors and build, diverse enough to have with ale to a whisky."
Oliva Serie V Melanio,5 out of 5,Top 5,Top 5
Oliva Serie V Melanio,5 out of 5,Awesome cigars 👍,Awesome cigars 👍
Oliva Serie V Melanio,5 out of 5,Serie V Melanio,"This is a cigar I come back to time and time again. It is consistently a top notch performer. Smooth and slow burning, the wrapper is a thing of beauty. A top 5 in my book,one I always keep in my humidor (the Maduro is just as good). If you haven't tried it yet, buy it now, in any size. It's just that good."
Oliva Serie V Melanio,5 out of 5,Always Satisfying,"One of my favorite blends. Never disappointing, and always consistently satisfying.Thumbs up"
Oliva Serie V Melanio,5 out of 5,Robust.,Robust.
Oliva Serie V Melanio,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Keep wanting more
Oliva Serie V Melanio,5 out of 5,Splendid!,The Tasty Bomb! Great smoke!
Oliva Serie V Melanio,5 out of 5,Quality Cigar,One of my fav cigars.
Oliva Serie V Melanio,5 out of 5,Smooth!!!,Great smooth smoke. Buttery smooth!
Oliva Serie V Melanio,5 out of 5,Quality smoke,Great quality and taste. Always consistent.
Oliva Serie V Melanio,5 out of 5,Fantastic. Next time I will,Fantastic. Next time I will try it in a toro size. Enjoyed every bit of it.
Oliva Serie V Melanio,5 out of 5,Always one of my favorite,Always one of my favorite smokes! Smooth and enjoyable. CI is always easy to deal with
Oliva Serie V Melanio,5 out of 5,Prefer the torpedo but Melanios,Prefer the torpedo but Melanios are one of my favorite sticks
Oliva Serie V Melanio,5 out of 5,They had every cigar I,They had every cigar I was looking for.
Oliva Serie V Melanio,5 out of 5,Always a great medium to,Always a great medium to full flavor smoke with complexity and character. I will continue to purchase
Oliva Serie V Melanio,4 out of 5,Not bad,Not bad
Oliva Serie V Melanio,5 out of 5,"Excellent, consistent smoke!","Excellent, consistent smoke!"
Oliva Serie V Melanio,5 out of 5,Good cigar bad support,I love the cigar but the support dept gamer. Rating of -5 still waiting for 3 messages I left and the phone support is a joke I don't think anyone even works there.
Oliva Serie V Melanio,5 out of 5,My Five Star Cigars,All the cigars above are very good but I have noted my 5 star cigars
Oliva Serie V Melanio,4 out of 5,"Interesting flavor, great presentation, not strong enough","These were really good, but not great - flavor was good but not super strong and almost bland."
Oliva Serie V Melanio,5 out of 5,One of my favorites,Such a great smoke.
Oliva Serie V Melanio,5 out of 5,Great Sticks,My favorite cigars in existence
Oliva Serie V Melanio,5 out of 5,smooth like candy,smooth like candy
Oliva Serie V Melanio,5 out of 5,I wait for these promotions!,"I wait for these promotions! These cigars set the bar for taste, smell, & smoke.
Extremely high recommendation."
Oliva Serie 'V' Melanio Maduro,5 out of 5,"Very smooth, not too strong.","Very smooth, not too strong. Enjoy a nice glass of bourbon and an Olivia ."
Oliva Serie 'V' Melanio Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigars,Great cigars
Oliva Serie 'V' Melanio Maduro,5 out of 5,"Great burn, and perfect size.",I'm new to Oliva family. My first purchase was samplers. I then purchased a box of Melani 'V's. A great burn through out. I'm very satisfied. Then I just had to have a box of the Melani Maduro. Gotta go now and finish my last start up. 👍👌🍻🤤
Oliva Serie 'V' Melanio Maduro,5 out of 5,The one cigar that my,"The one cigar that my budget allows me a total smoking pleasure routinely. Very satisfying smoke, I would highly recommend it."
Oliva Serie 'V' Melanio Maduro,5 out of 5,My every day cigar of,My every day cigar of choice. Great tasting cigar. Easy to light and stays lit. Smooth draw every time.
Oliva Serie 'V' Melanio Maduro,5 out of 5,Top Shelf Cigar,"Nice, smooth draw with pleasant mild flavor. My favorite cigar by far."
Oliva Serie 'V' Melanio Maduro,5 out of 5,My New Favorite Cigar,The last quarter of this cigar is absolutely amazing.
Oliva Serie 'V' Melanio Maduro,5 out of 5,"BEST Cigar EVER made! Simply scrumptious. What a tasty, satisfying, sophisticated smoke!!","Hands down the BEST cigar I have ever smoked. That's why I keep buying them. When I want to smoke something PERFECT, I go for my Oliva Serie V Melanio with Maduro wrapper in a figurado cigar! Wholly Molly!!! Gee wheez oh GOLLY!!! doesn't get any better than this!"
Oliva Serie 'V' Melanio Maduro,5 out of 5,Love this cigar!!!!,Excellent cigar!!! Definitely one of my favorites from Oliva!!!
Oliva Serie 'V' Melanio Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent Customer Service,efficient and excellent support and fast shipping
Oliva Serie 'V' Melanio Maduro,5 out of 5,Simply scrumptious!! Read my earlier review for newbie 2 cents :0,Going in for a second box!
Oliva Serie 'V' Melanio Maduro,5 out of 5,Great treat!,"Okay, I am a newbie. Even a newbie like me can appreciate the well made, great draw of this cigar. The maduro wrapping gives it that peppery taste, but it doesn't ruin your pallet and nice on the pallet. I am really enjoying these babies and will keep them stocked in my humidor for a one-hour burn treat after a Sunday lunch!"
Oliva Serie 'V' Melanio Maduro,4 out of 5,Good cigars,Good cigars.
Oliva Serie 'V' Melanio Maduro,5 out of 5,As always. Perfection!,As always. Perfection!
Oliva Serie 'V' Melanio Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar. Worth every penny!!,Excellent cigar. Worth every penny!!
Oliva Serie 'V' Melanio Maduro,5 out of 5,Smooth and tasty,These are amazing cigars with lots of good taste and a sweet burn. Because of the size set aside plenty of time to enjoy these beauties.
Oliva Serie 'V' Melanio Maduro,5 out of 5,oliva melanio maduro,top notch. Very good smoke
Oliva Serie 'V' Melanio Maduro,5 out of 5,Oliva series V melano,"Burn smoothly, very flavorahle non harsh taste as describe and goes well with any drink’ alcohol or non."
Oliva Serie 'V' Melanio Maduro,5 out of 5,Perfection,The best. If someone wants to try a real cigar look no further.
Oliva Serie 'V' Melanio Maduro,5 out of 5,Consistantly outstanding,"I enjoy these as much as any cigars that I smoke, bar none. Great on weekend crisp fall mornings on the back porch with a good cup of coffee, watching the deer and squirrels."
Oliva Serie 'V' Melanio Maduro,5 out of 5,Oliva V,Awesome cigar. Bold and flavorful.
Oliva Serie 'V' Melanio Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,Excellent smoke
Oliva Serie 'V' Melanio Maduro,5 out of 5,The best,"One of, if not the, best cigar I've ever smoked."
Oliva Serie 'V' Melanio Maduro,5 out of 5,Oliva melanio v,Excellent smoke!
Oliva Serie 'V' Melanio Maduro,5 out of 5,One of the best in,One of the best in every way.
Oliva Serie 'V' Melanio Maduro,5 out of 5,My go to cigar for every occassion,"Smooth, mild but strong. Best cigar ever."
Oliva Serie 'V' Melanio Maduro,5 out of 5,OLIVA V MADURO,A VERY GOOD SMOKE IN A MADURO AND AN EXCELLENT VALUE FROM CI.
Oliva Serie 'V' Melanio Maduro,5 out of 5,the best,"Love these, they are by far my favorite!"
Oliva Serie 'V' Melanio Maduro,5 out of 5,Ok,Ok
Oliva Serie 'V' Melanio Maduro,4 out of 5,Solid stick,Solid performer! Burns good. Good draw.
Oliva Serie 'V' Melanio Maduro,5 out of 5,Oliva V Melanio Maduro,The Oliva V Melanio maduro after 1 year in the correct humidity and temp turns from a good cigar to a great cigar. The flavor gets richer and deeper it really smoothes out with time.
Oliva Serie 'V' Melanio Maduro,5 out of 5,Recommend,Nice Draw and excellent flavor
Oliva Serie 'V' Melanio Maduro,5 out of 5,Love these,Top 3 cigar
Oliva Serie 'V' Melanio Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,As good as a cigar can be.
Oliva Serie 'V' Melanio Maduro,5 out of 5,Olivia,Excellent
Oliva Serie 'V' Melanio Maduro,4 out of 5,Good not great,"Tours itself as a Maduro but I believe lacks the full body flavor of a maduro. Enjoyed the smoke, just not as good as I had hoped."
Oliva Serie 'V' Melanio Maduro,5 out of 5,I loved them,I loved them
Oliva Serie 'V' Melanio Maduro,5 out of 5,Obviously amazing,Going to be hard to beat these cigars!
Oliva Serie 'V' Melanio Maduro,5 out of 5,Oliva Melanio never lets me,Oliva Melanio never lets me down!
Oliva Serie 'V' Melanio Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigars. Fast shipping. Good,Great cigars. Fast shipping. Good price.
Oliva Serie 'V' Melanio Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,Excellent cigar
Oliva Serie 'V' Melanio Maduro,5 out of 5,Favorite cigar,This won cigar of the year for a reason. Smooth and delightful!
Oliva Serie 'V' Melanio Maduro,5 out of 5,Near Pefection made Better,"Purchased a box of the V Melanios sometime ago and they were superb. The 1st smoke my sons go for when they come over and they can have anything in my Humidors and there are some pricey heavyweights in there.
I am a Maduro fan so when Oliva came out with the V in Maduro, it was a no brainer.
I removed one from the box, poured 3 fingers of Crown Royal Rye with one rock and sat back and closed the world off.
Everything was perfect and those who smoke Maduros know that one puff a minute is about perfect for controlling temperature, which controls harshness.
There will always be a box of V Melanio Maduros in my humidors.
The price makes them a steal."
Oliva Serie 'V' Melanio Maduro,5 out of 5,Near Perfection gets Better,"I have smoked the Serie V for sometime now and my sons, oldest in particular comes over and has his choice of all my cigars.
I'm talking a modest but impressive set of cigars. He always picks up the Padrons but, smokes the Oliva Serie V Melanio.
I cant knock him for it. I have a special place in my heart for Maduro offerings and when the V came out in Maduro I grabbed them. This V offering moves the V to close to perfection as you are instantly hit with flavor / sweetness / baked bread and spice.
It holds for a long time on the pallet and make you want to smoke it faster but don't.
I'll be sad when these babies go away as the Oliva Serie V Melanio Maduro should be #1 or #2 in every review over the last two years.
Grab a box and hoard them with your life."
Oliva Serie 'V' Melanio Maduro,5 out of 5,Love this cigar,Perfect flavor. Perfect burn. What can you say about this cigar. It is a phenomenal smoke. Plenty of smoke.
Oliva Serie 'V' Melanio Maduro,5 out of 5,Oliva V Melanio - Perfection!,"This is one of the finest premium cigars I have ever smoked. Rich in taste with a broad palette of flavors, this is one of Oliva's best!!"
Oliva Serie 'V' Melanio Maduro,5 out of 5,Outstanding smoke!,"Smooth, rich, delicious cigar!"
Oliva Serie 'V' Melanio Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Great Cigar
Oliva Serie 'V' Melanio Maduro,5 out of 5,Olivia series v Melanio meduro,The Olivia V Melanio was n excellent smoke full body and very smooth enjoyed very much will definately get again
Oliva Serie 'V' Melanio Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent!,These cigars are outstanding!
Oliva Serie 'V' Nub,5 out of 5,They are great cigars,They are great cigars
Oliva Serie 'V' Nub,5 out of 5,V Nub,Always loved the V and this Nub hits all the right notes. Great burn and ash.
Oliva Serie 'V' Nub,5 out of 5,Oliva series v nub,Love oliva cigars. Nub and its a series v. Cant go wrong.
Oliva Serie 'V' Nub,5 out of 5,Oliva is Consistantly Outstanding!,This is a quality smoke Tasty The Oliva people are doing it right Serie V is the way to go Love the Nub
Oliva Serie 'V' Nub,5 out of 5,WOW!,"Love the Nub line and the Olivia Serie V.... together, what a perfect match!!!"
Omar Ortez Maduro,4 out of 5,Omar Ortez Madura,Nice full flavor body cigar great with whiskeys and wine Cabernet preferably Nice way to finish off a full day of work
Omar Ortez Maduro,5 out of 5,My go-to stick,Right off the tuck. This is an excellent cigar...hands down one of the best bargains out there. The Maduro toro is medium to full flavored with a nice draw. I expect these to improve with a bit more humidor time. Don’t hesitate to purchase. My new go-to stick!
Omar Ortez Maduro,5 out of 5,"Great costumer service , Fast","Great costumer service , Fast Delvery."
Omar Ortez Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent,"Excellent cigar, I highly recommend this cigar."
Omar Ortez Maduro,4 out of 5,They're very fine cigars,They're very fine cigars
Omar Ortez Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Deal!,"The price on these cigars is hard to beat, especially if you are trying to buy them from a local vendor. With Cigars International they arrive quickly and are always fresh. This is the 10th box I have purchased and I am always happy with them. They are a great cigar while working on the tractor. It makes me look forward to getting on the lawnmower, listening to my favorite tunes and tugging on a good smoke! Highly recommended!"
Omar Ortez Maduro,5 out of 5,A+,Great value. Very attractive wrapper and cap. Even burn and easy draw every time (so far). Delicious. And it's a lot of cigar for $3 each. Can't go wrong here.
Omar Ortez Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cidar,One of my everyday cigars enjoy the flavor and the overall smoke of this
Omar Ortez Maduro,5 out of 5,Love It,This is favorite Smoke! Period
Omar Ortez Maduro,4 out of 5,Outstanding smoke at an everyday price,"Full bodied excellent smoke, good draw and long ash"
Omar Ortez Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Cigar!,Very nice kick and good flavor
Omar Ortez Maduro,5 out of 5,Great everyday cigar,"Got these to take to the beach and the golf course. They don’t disappoint. Well constructed, burned evenly and great taste at a great price point."
Omar Ortez Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,"One of my favorites. Full bodied, well constructed."
Omar Ortez Maduro,4 out of 5,Omar Ortez Maduro Toro,"I found it a good cigar, pretty consistent throughout the box: no funky wrapper or burn problems. A very good value"
Omar Ortez Maduro,4 out of 5,Great smoke for the money,great smoke for the money. perfect for mowing the lawn or keeping on hand for when visitors stop by. My local cigar shop sells these for $6 a stick. I fell into that trap a few times until so bought a box for half the price.
Omar Ortez Maduro,3 out of 5,Omar Ortez,"These cigars are very hard to keep lit. I'm wearing out my lighter trying to keep these lit. Then they become hot with intense drawing. About a third of the way to the end, they start getting very harsh. Plus an inch of length is lost with the Torpedo variety. I won't be buying these again."
Omar Ortez Maduro,5 out of 5,Great stick for the price!,"I have been smoking these Omar Ortez maduros for a long time. I buy them at my local cigar store and pay way too much. These were a really great price, arrived quickly and were really fresh. I don't think you can buy a better cigar in this price range. I always have a box on hand and they are great to hand out to first time cigar smokers up to the guy that's been puffing away for many years. I highly recommend you try them!"
Omar Ortez Maduro,4 out of 5,Instant everyday cigar,"The taste is great, the quality is good and the price is perfect. What is not to like, stock up you will not be disappointed.
P.Fitzy of Ma."
Omar Ortez Maduro,5 out of 5,Outstanding OOO's,"Bought these on a whim and WOW, what a surprise! Delicious, smooth with notes of chocolate and coffee. Paired with a good bourbon or hearty porter or stout, ...and your evening will be complete."
Omar Ortez Maduro,5 out of 5,Powerful for sure,"I tried the Robusto first and found it to be a delightful balance of power and flavor. Nice burn and draw as well. When I went to reorder the Robusto it was out of stock, so I ordered the Toro. For me the Toro size was a bit overpowering and the flavor was not as good as the Robusto. However that is just me. I find the Robusto size is my favorite with most cigar brands. I just don't care for larger ring cigars in most cases. That being said, I'll go out on a limb an leave my rating for the Toro at five stars. I continue to be very impressed at the service I get from CI. These guys get my orders right and do it fast every time!!"
Omar Ortez Maduro,5 out of 5,One of my favorite and,One of my favorite and will always buy them. A little pricey for what they are.
Omar Ortez Maduro,5 out of 5,Padron is VERY nervous !!!!,"These Omar Ortez sticks are some of the best I've tasted. I compare smoking one to enjoying a bar of the world's finest chocolate. Super Smooth, with notes of coffee, Cream, Cocoa, and so consistently excellent, they make Padron nervous. They are one of the few to get MY 5-Star rating, in score I'd give them a 97% These Omar Ortez's push the Rocky Patel Edge (although good) off to the side. OMAR HAS ANOTHER CUSTOMER."
Omar Ortez Maduro,5 out of 5,Coastal musings,Wow. What a surprise! Excellent construction consistent and great taste. Low side of full but smooth. I like it better than RP edge.
Omar Ortez Maduro,4 out of 5,a really good smoke,"Omar Ortiz maduro is a great under the radar smoke, it has a great earthy, leathery, and a fantastic burn. Check these out, a great bargain by any cigar Guru connoisseur. Give them a try. A.H. Cameron Mills N.Y."
Omar Ortez Originals,5 out of 5,Omar Ortez,This is a very nice stick for the price. It’s my everyday after work stick.
Omar Ortez Originals,5 out of 5,Only one issue I was,Only one issue I was expecting torpedo and got regular
Omar Ortez Originals,4 out of 5,My go to...love these sticks!,My go to...love these sticks!
Omar Ortez Originals,5 out of 5,Great smokes,Great smokes
Omar Ortez Originals,4 out of 5,My favorite,Great smoke... heavey and earthy. Smoke these down to the nub!
Omar Ortez Originals,5 out of 5,These were my first regular smokes.,I haven't had these in a while and really enjoyed them again. I will be ordering more soon.
Omar Ortez Originals,5 out of 5,No More Triple O's,"I really do,,,like the ""triple O's"",,,I mean REALLY,,,I have reviewed these before and they are quite excellent however,,,they are NOT so great,,as to warrant a 30% INCREASE in price,,and I hate that,,,this means they will no longer be in my rotation.NOW,,,I have to go looking for another cigar,,which I already have 6 that I keep in my rotation but the triple o's were really a great afternoon stick,,,,sit in the sunshine with Nicaraguan coffee or rum and relax."
Omar Ortez Originals,5 out of 5,Please don't buy these!,I want them all for myself.
Omar Ortez Originals,5 out of 5,Omar ortez,I smoked these a long time ago and I am glad to be back to them as long as the quality stays the same
Omar Ortez Originals,5 out of 5,Always Delivers,A well made consistent robusto with a bittersweet chocolate wrapper. Perfect power to flavor ratio for my tastes.
Omar Ortez Originals,5 out of 5,affordable quality ----great smoke,No matter what ..... I always come back to them. Just can't beat them.
Omar Ortez Originals,4 out of 5,My every day smoke,Good smoke. Occasionally uneven burn on the wrapper but still my standard.
Omar Ortez Originals,5 out of 5,Nicaraguan Puros,"To start with,,I've gotton fairly picky about my cigars,,,I only buy Nicaraguan cigars because they have the flavor that I like,,,Omar Ortez Originals are tremendous NOW,,this is not to say I don't like other cigars,,but Cigars from the DR always seem to have a harsh bite to them,,i know they produce great cigars but Nicaraguans are always smoother to me and to be able to get a ""PURO"" at these prices is an added bonus.I've been buying them for awhile now and they are what I like to find in a cigar.I have a tendency to smoke 3 to 4 sticks a day with of course,,,Nicaraguan coffee and they allow me a ""Mediditory"" moment,,,they last for a good hour to hour and a half,,the flavor,,""To Me"" enhances the coffee,,they burn even with an perfect draw,,,they help clear my head without with the bite of others,,all in all,,,any cigar made in the Ortez factories are just phenominal,,,I'm just sorry that certain ones are always on Backorder,,but that's OK because I know there are others,,,even though they are more expensive,,are just great.I am,,,like I said,,,a Nicaraguan smoker,,,I've even considered moving to the country just so I can buy my cigars and get my coffee,,OH,,and always,,the people at CI are great to business with,,all my orders arrive in their stated delivery time and always arrive in perfect condition,,Thanks Guys"
Omar Ortez Originals,5 out of 5,My favorite,Smoke many different brands and blends but for me Omars are it great smoke
Omar Ortez Originals,4 out of 5,The Real Deal!,Omar Ortez Originals are a great buy. Very satisfying smoke for the price. Even burn and consistent taste throughout. Highly recommended!
Omar Ortez Originals,5 out of 5,Love Tha Cigar!,Great taste and great price. What else needs to be said?
Omar Ortez Originals,5 out of 5,Rock solid Omar's!!!,"This is a VERY well constructed cigar - easy on the draw, plenty of smoke and holds an ash like a champion!"
Omar Ortez Originals,4 out of 5,Omar Ortez Originals,"Great smoke, consistent, good flavor & burn. Wish C.I. would sell the 60 count boxes."
Omar Ortez Originals,3 out of 5,Good smoke,The Omars are a good smoke at very little cost. I'd recommend to any new smoker or anyone looking for a beneficial deal on cigars
Omar Ortez Originals,4 out of 5,OOO,"Tried these for the first time based on other comments. This is a well constructed cigar....good burn and draw. I found the taste to be a bit harsh, but that is the only negative. I will let the rest sit in the humi for awhile to see if they mellow a bit.
Not sure yet if I would buy again, but if you like full bodied smokes, these are worth a try."
Omar Ortez Originals,5 out of 5,Best bang for your buck,smokes even. Always consistent. Caution though. Very strong which I love.
Omar Ortez Originals,5 out of 5,Another Great One,I started smoking these from the first time they came out. The blending and taste is consistent. This is a great product. The smoke is full bodied and has a lot of earth and leather tones. It is not dry and leaves a great taste on the finish. Not overpowering while delivering tons of flavor. Will always be a go to for me. I wish I had a bigger humidor so I could buy them on the 60 ct boxes!
Omar Ortez Originals,4 out of 5,This is a go to stick for me and my friends and we can burn through some smokes on a drinking day. Compliments to the folks that make these,Always a good smoke and affordable at the same time.
Omar Ortez Originals,4 out of 5,real nice!,Great cigar for the price
Omar Ortez Originals,5 out of 5,Omar,"I have smoked this stick for a long time and have always enjoyed the flavor, draw and just the entire experience. Omar def has it going on"
Omar Ortez Originals,5 out of 5,More bang for your buck,It's a wonderful smoke for a low price. My daily smoke of choice
Omar Ortez Originals,4 out of 5,Great all around cigar,Great all around cigar
Omar Ortez Originals,5 out of 5,My Cigars,"My cigars always arrive ontime, order is accurate and a great selection that meets or beats others prices."
Omar Ortez Originals,5 out of 5,Smart choice,awesome cigar. Consistent. And you can't beat the price. Def a full body cigar.
Omar Ortez Originals,5 out of 5,omar ortez originals belicoso,My go to cigar. Love the corojo wraper and the full flavored cigar. For the price a lot of cigar.
Omar Ortez Originals,4 out of 5,"Triple ""O's""",I've been smoking Omar's for years. One of the best smokes for the price
Omar Ortez Originals,4 out of 5,Sublime cigar,I love this cigar. It's my daily smoke after a dinner meal..a nice grape juice compliments the cigar.
Omar Ortez Originals,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"These are truly great cigars, I do wish the maduro came in 20 packs though. Nice burn and a great flavor as well."
Omar Ortez Originals,5 out of 5,This cigar is a great,This cigar is a great smoke and the perfect size. Long lasting without a bitter after taste and a great value.
Omar Ortez Originals,5 out of 5,Outstanding smoke,Outstanding smoke
Omar Ortez Originals,5 out of 5,Luv my ci experience every time,Always get my cigars on time and fresh. Have no complaints at all. Keep up the good work
Onyx Reserve,5 out of 5,This one holds up against,This one holds up against every cigar I’ve ever had.
Onyx Reserve,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Onyx Reserve,5 out of 5,Excellent,"well made, box after box burn good. Mild with a slightly sweet aftertaste."
Onyx Reserve,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Great cigar! Only disappointment is that they changed from the beautiful old wood box.
Onyx Reserve,5 out of 5,most excellent,"this is in my top 5 all time favorites.
If you appreciate a full flavor and decidedly enchanting aroma, you need to give these a try."
Onyx Reserve,5 out of 5,Great deal on a hard to find Cigar,My favorite medium cigar at a great price.
Onyx Reserve,5 out of 5,YES!,"Definitely one of the finest full bodied smokes - EVER!
Until they reissue the #2 belicoso, this will be my ""go-to"" cigar.
My prayers to the vatican of the dominican rollers that they produce the Belicoso once again..."
Onyx Reserve,5 out of 5,Onyx,I have fallen for the onyx sticks! Great smoke for the price!
Onyx Reserve,4 out of 5,A Maduro - must try,"A definite favorite in any size.
I prefer the No.2Belicoso, but all Onyx sticks will please the full flavor enthusiast"
Onyx Reserve,4 out of 5,Onyx Reserve Toro,"Good cigars. I like everything about them, good taste, even burn, except a few were too tight. Good deal! I will purchase again."
Onyx Reserve,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"Beautiful cigar. Great flavor profile, even draw, good finish."
Onyx Reserve,5 out of 5,Excellent smaller cigar that came,"Excellent smaller cigar that came in a 5 pack with it's own humidity pack. Burns really even, plenty of smoke and excellent flavor."
Onyx Reserve,3 out of 5,GOOD GO TO CIGAR,GREAT ALL AROUND CIGAR. SMOKING THESE FOR YEARS BEFORE I STARTED BACK AGAIN
Onyx Reserve,4 out of 5,Plume fest,"Got my first box, covered in plume!! Awesome, a little hard on the draw but overall great 🚬, great with a cup of coffee and a 7am look off the porch"
Onyx Reserve,5 out of 5,Yummy Flavor; Impeccable Construction,"The more 'Onyx' I smoke, the more I like them. I choose the Robusto (5 / 50), which for me is about a 45 minute smoke. The draw is fairly easy and consistent throughout. What's more, I find this cigar rather delicious."
Onyx Reserve,5 out of 5,I love these full flavor,"I love these full flavor cigars, on my second box! The second half of these babies are excellent for some reason. You would think the first half would be better."
Onyx Reserve,5 out of 5,One of my favorites,Consistently good. Well constructed. Nice box press. Oily maduro wrapper. Medium to full bodied smoke with hints of spice and cedar. Comes with a humidifier packet so they are ready to smoke straight from the box. No need to stick in the humidor for a couple of weeks as per my usual practice.
Onyx Reserve,4 out of 5,A nice smoke.,Enjoyed these cigars. Smooth and definitely exceeded expectations.
Onyx Reserve,4 out of 5,Doc,Great tasting cigar bought a second box because I liked the experience so much from the first but some of the sticks do not burn right or need an excessive amount of relighting. Still a good stick overall. Probably around a 90 to 91 on overall rating.
Onyx Reserve,4 out of 5,A good smoke to the,A good smoke to the very end.
Onyx Reserve,5 out of 5,great cigar,Great cigar have enjoyed for quite a few years
Onyx Reserve,5 out of 5,Top Cigar,"This is one of my favorites.
It has a rich flavor without being unnecessarily harsh."
Onyx Reserve,4 out of 5,Onyx Review,Not a bad cigar. Tough draw. Seems cigar is wrapped tightly. Need to poke shiv through cigar to get a good draw.
Onyx Reserve,5 out of 5,Complex Full Bodied Beauty!,"This is such a well constructed, easy drawing cigar. Full bodied with complex smooth rich flavor and some chocolate nuances. Very nice with a good beer or a scotch. These were so popular when they first came out and now I remember why I liked them so much. Get a box you won't be disappointed."
Onyx Reserve,3 out of 5,Overrated,Bought this because of 94 rating. Disappointed; seem harsh to me. Would not buy again
Onyx Reserve,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,"Well put together stogy. Nice smoke, and firm ash."
Onyx Reserve,4 out of 5,Onyx,A good everyday cigar. Easy draw and burns evenly. A very good cigar for the price.
Onyx Reserve,5 out of 5,Onyx reserve,Excellent
Onyx Reserve,5 out of 5,Onyx Reserve,Still my favorite go to cigar for the money overall!
Onyx Reserve,5 out of 5,Delicious!,"Great cigar for the price. Taste is great, burns evenly. You’ll want to smoke this right down to your fingers!"
Onyx Reserve,5 out of 5,Onyx w/ Coffee,Start your day with this fine cigar and your morning coffee...will change your whole day !
Onyx Reserve,4 out of 5,Onyx,Good cigar not great. Has even burn and a good flavor. Hint of chocolate. Ends well. Smoke to the label.
Onyx Reserve,5 out of 5,One of the best!,If you are looking for that perfect full flavor smoke... This is it. Just downright smooth and you'll love it.
Onyx Reserve,5 out of 5,great Smoke!,great Smoke!
Onyx Reserve,5 out of 5,"Great, one of the best","Great, one of the best cigars for the price!"
Onyx Reserve,5 out of 5,Top notch top rated smoke,The Onyx every bit deserves a 94 rating. Construction is outstanding. Every stick has a perfect draw and burn. The blend of fine Dominican and South American tobaccos exude rich earthy flavor. Overall fantastic cigar!
Onyx Reserve,5 out of 5,Great Belicoso,"The Onyx Reserve Belicoso #2 is my go to cigar. This is one of the few cigars I buy by the box. I like the medium to full strength and love the rich flavor with a light sweetness they deliver. Its near black maduro Connecticut wrapper looks as good as it tastes. I have been smoking these for about 15 years now and still love them. Once and a while I will get one that has a tight draw but over all a great smoke. These go great on the golf course or with a Millers Gin on the rocks after a long day. I have notice on the last 2 boxes I've purchased, the boxes are not as well constructed and the spacer is an ""L"" shaped MDF with a thin cedar lamination instead of a solid cedar block. I assume this is to save $$ on packaging."
Onyx Reserve,5 out of 5,Always a great smoke to,Always a great smoke to the last
Onyx Reserve,5 out of 5,A very good cigar,Great cigar would love to see specials on them every now and then
Onyx Reserve,5 out of 5,Smooth and oily,"I like this cigar. It's smooth and oily cigar, burns straight and finishes right without any bite."
Onyx Reserve,3 out of 5,Good Smoke,Great cigar
Onyx Reserve,5 out of 5,ONYX RESERVE ROBUSTO,GREAT QUALITY BUT PRICE IS TOO HIGH
Onyx Reserve,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Onyx Reserve,5 out of 5,Superb !!!!,Especially with a dram of old fried Jack Daniels with three ice cubes !
Onyx Reserve,5 out of 5,Onyx Reserve,Five stars because in my opinion it is the best daily smoke for the price. My favorite.
Onyx Reserve,5 out of 5,great cigars,great cigars
Onyx Reserve,5 out of 5,Cigars,"I received my order on time, if not early!"
Onyx Reserve,4 out of 5,Good cigar,I have smoked onyx for over 20 years now. While they’re usually a very consistent cigar I’ve noticed lately that they’ve become a little bit inconsistent still a very good cigar for the money though
Onyx Reserve,5 out of 5,Outstanding quality combined with quality,Outstanding quality combined with quality service !
Onyx Reserve,5 out of 5,Like a box of chocolates,Bought the Onyx Torbustos for a buddy for Christmas ... his go to stick . Says better than Chocolate . Just a great all around good smoke
Original Cubans,5 out of 5,"Good cigar, good service, Happy","Good cigar, good service, Happy with all."
Original Cubans,5 out of 5,Original Cubans,"I’ve been smoking Original Cubans for several years.Although I have tried many other brands, my favorite is still Original Cubans and is my daily cigar. It is well made, easy smoke , good flavor and a good price. Only problem is consistent availability of the Churchill’s."
Original Cubans,5 out of 5,An amazing $2 experience. Thanks!,An amazing $2 experience. Thanks!
Original Cubans,5 out of 5,Another of my favorites,Great smoke for the money
Original Cubans,4 out of 5,Original Cuban,"They are fresh, burn evenly and taste good."
Original Cubans,5 out of 5,Smooth smoke. Love them,Smooth smoke. Love them
Original Cubans,5 out of 5,tasty,Very smooth
Original Cubans,5 out of 5,original cubans belicoso,excellent testy cigars everyday cigar
Original Cubans,5 out of 5,Very very smooth ☺,Very very smooth ☺
Original Cubans,5 out of 5,Original Cubans Corona,"The best Cigars I've smoked. It's perfect, it doesn't leave a bad taste in mouth. I would buy it over and over again."
Original Cubans,5 out of 5,Exceptional,Exceptional
Original Cubans,5 out of 5,Good size Great price,"Nice smoke, throughly enjoyed!!!"
Original Cubans,5 out of 5,All good and fresh. Delivered,All good and fresh. Delivered ahead of schedule
Original Cubans,4 out of 5,Original Cubans,"All & all a good cigar for the price. A little hard to draw, but nothing a poker won't fix. Not over humidified, just rolled a little tight."
Original Cubans,4 out of 5,OC,These are a good ever day cigar.
Original Cubans,4 out of 5,A little stronger than I,"A little stronger than I expected, but all an all it's a good cigar"
Original Cubans,4 out of 5,Surprisingly pleasing smoke. Couple wrapped,"Surprisingly pleasing smoke. Couple wrapped tight ,otherwise a lotta bang for the buck. I'd get again."
Original Cubans,5 out of 5,Cuban Originals,Good smoke for the price
Original Cubans,4 out of 5,Ok....,Ok....
Original Cubans,5 out of 5,Original Cubans,"Best for the buck on the market,The double corona Churchill’s are my daily favorite,"
Original Cubans,4 out of 5,Draws hard.,"These have been my favorite anyday cigar for a few years, but this recent batch draws so hard that I just can't enjoy them."
Original Cubans,5 out of 5,always great,always great
Original Cubans,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,We’ve been purchasing this cigar for approximately several years. A great cigar for a great price. Will purchase more in the future.
Original Cubans,5 out of 5,Incredible taste!,My favorite smoke and the standing cigar in my humidor for anytime. I just bought my second pack and love it. It really does have the taste of vanilla soda and overall the tastiest stick I’ve had at any comparable or slightly higher price. The leave wrap and tobacco are excellent. I’d never know if this was the real taste and feel of old time Cuban cigars but who cares. They are awesome.
Original Cubans,4 out of 5,Good every day smoke,"After waiting what seemed to be an eternity for the 'Gegante' to return from backorder I ordered these. Good pack and flavor, relatively even burn, satisfying, but I still prefer the big ones."
Original Cubans,5 out of 5,Original Cubans belicoso,"At this price point, I do not believe you are going to find a better cigar. Good draw, does not get bitter twords the end, and stays lit. Good even flavor."
Original Cubans,5 out of 5,Best every day smoke,"My favorite every day smoke. I am buying more! For the price you can't beat it. Good quality, even burn maybe a little quick but good for quick trreat."
Original Cubans,5 out of 5,Good mild cigars,Good mild cigars
Original Cubans,5 out of 5,thumbs up,Nice smoke.
Original Cubans,4 out of 5,A solid smoke!,These are a nice balance of flavor. A great everyday smoke! Never gets burnt toward the end and burns nice and even. The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because the whole vanilla ice cream soda flavor that is advertised is bogus and that is why I bought them. But all in all it is still a good cigar.
Original Cubans,5 out of 5,you seem to be out,"you seem to be out of stock all the time on knock-offs,so I ordered them to fill in. I am NOT happy with your being short stocked. I have started looking for a new supplier."
Original Cubans,5 out of 5,Money you wont regret sending!,"It was a very nice surprise, i have already ordered them again and this time i wont be so generous with handing them out and keep them just for me. Everyone that I gave one to has asked me for another one."
Original Cubans,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar for a reasonable,Excellent cigar for a reasonable price!
Original Cubans,5 out of 5,Good cigar!!!,Good cigar!!!
Original Cubans,5 out of 5,I'll buy that for a dollar!,Yummy and priced to sell.
Original Cubans,5 out of 5,Good as much less,Replaced macaduno cafe corona at half the price
Original Cubans,5 out of 5,Cuban originals,These are one of my favorites. I’m very pleased by the full flavor in these cigars. And they don’t disappoint me at all. I would recommend them to anyone. Mick
Original Cubans,4 out of 5,Good everyday cigar,Good everyday cigar
Original Cubans,4 out of 5,Try these..,"One of the better low cost cigars on the market. Good taste, burns even, and priced well enough to add as a daily smoke."
Original Cubans,5 out of 5,solid smoke,"solid smoke good value, but now backordered when advertised current catalog, not cool."
Original Cubans,5 out of 5,"Great Value, Great Enjoyment","One of my new favorites, having now tried these. Smooth and tasty, but packing a light punch."
Original Cubans,5 out of 5,Nice Wonderfull cigar for any occasion!!!!!!,Yes..!!! Ecuador sun grown wrapper what sold me on these cigars.smooth and silky looking smoke similar to today’s cubans. Lighting it it was as light as the Gurkha park ave but the heavy oily smoke and smoothness reminded me more of the Hoyo De Monterrey Epicure #2.
Original Cubans,5 out of 5,Favorite 'weekday' stick,I love these things. They always please and they don't break the bank. :{)
Original Cubans,5 out of 5,GREAT TASTE,great taste
Original Cubans,4 out of 5,Original Cubans,"Draw is not consistent through out. Gets a little harsh two-thirds in. Overall, a good smoke for the price."
Original Cubans,5 out of 5,cubans,"awsome stick,great price."
Original Cubans,5 out of 5,Bold flavor with a delicious,Bold flavor with a delicious finish. These are staples in my humidor.
Original Cubans,5 out of 5,A value-priced cigar with high enjoyment factor!,"For a bundled cigar, these really deliver! Enough strength to be interesting, with a taste of sweet spice that actually does remind me just a tad of real Cubans. Sure, the burn isn't always perfect and you may have to touch it up now and again, but for the price, they are a bargain in the flavor department. And this new re-release comes with a beautiful wrapper, looking more elegant than the old version. Highly recommended!"
Original Cubans,5 out of 5,Just like the matured Cubans of the old days,"These cigars never fail to perform... construction, aroma, taste and ash. Everything you want in a cigar.... at a price like the ""Days of Old"" !"
Original Cubans,5 out of 5,They were so good,They were so good
Oro Cubano Aniversario,5 out of 5,Much better than expected,"I was very surprised by these cigars. We took a chance on them, looking for a cheaper price for our everyday cigar. They are much better than I anticipated. I expected them to maybe be decent, but I actually really like these, especially at the price! I look forward to smoking these instead of treating them like a cheap alternative to higher end cigars. Once these are back in stock we will be ordering them again and again!"
Oro Cubano Aniversario,4 out of 5,Delicious Cigars,"good quality, nice and delicious cigars. thanks."
Oro Cubano Aniversario,5 out of 5,Churchill is the best...,I Love em...
Oro Cubano Aniversario,4 out of 5,entry level cigar,The price is reasonable. entry level cigar.
Oro Cubano Aniversario,4 out of 5,Retired,These are amazing for the price. I have smoked 8 and each one has burned perfectly.
Oro Cubano Aniversario,4 out of 5,Lots of smoke!,"Nicely packaged! First thing I noticed was the scent, seemed more full body than medium. They have a single cap so I punch instead of cut. The foot wasn’t exactly square but not bit off. This is a very smoky cigar, reminds me of a Nica Rustica, just a mouthful of smoke. I didn’t need these in the humi at all just opened and smoked. Two days and 5 gars later I like this cigar so I just placed another order!"
Oro Cubano Aniversario,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke for a great price,Got these to top of my hand out stock but after trying one these became my everyday stick. Was really surprised by the quality and taste. Will definitely be picking up more of these.
Oro Cubano Aniversario,4 out of 5,Good Cigar,Good Cigar for the most part
Oro Cubano Aniversario,4 out of 5,Not bad,"Good golf cigar or every day stick... it had an easy pull, taste wasn't bad, nice ash. Only down side was that it burn fast and wrapper did come apart during the cut but overall an average smoke."
Oro Cubano Aniversario,5 out of 5,FIVE STAR CIGAR,EXCELLENT EVERYDAY CIGAR.
Oro Cubano Aniversario,5 out of 5,STOGIES,My husband enjoys them and he does ship half of the order to a soldier buddy overseas.
Oro Cubano Aniversario,5 out of 5,Grandma likes them,These are great cigars. These cigars taste great are easy on the draw and have a real nice burn. They are well worth the cost. I will keep buying them.
Oro Cubano Aniversario,4 out of 5,oro cubano,very very nice
Oro Cubano Aniversario,4 out of 5,"Inexpensive, mild and tasty","These days I roll a lot of my own cigars, but this is a nice break from the norm. It has a taste that keeps me occasionally buying these. Also good for newer smokers. Great value for the $$."
Oro Cubano Aniversario,5 out of 5,Oro Cubano Churchill,Great value for the cost. Good cigar.
Oro Cubano Aniversario,1 out of 5,cheap cigar,"has little filler, burns fast, comes apart before it can be fully smoked"
Oro Cubano Aniversario,5 out of 5,Nice cigar for the money,Nice cigar for the money
Oro Cubano Aniversario,3 out of 5,An ok stick,I experienced some construction issues. Overall not bad.
Oro Cubano Aniversario,4 out of 5,"Try it, you'll like it.",Tried this one in the Po Boy Sampler II pack. I am more of a mild to medium blend smoker. Great flavor and enjoyed smoking it very much with some cognac.
Oro Cubano Aniversario,4 out of 5,"Good Deal, nice 'everyday' cigar","They always arrive VERY dry, so i recommend rehydrating in your humi for at least 60 days. consistent texture, taste, burn, and predicable smoke flavor sequence through out the burn. well balanced flavors, earthy over-all 'tone' to smoke, excellent deal for the price. when cigar is hydrated = enjoyable; when cigar is dehydrated = harsh."
Oro Cubano Aniversario,4 out of 5,Oro Cubano Aniversario,"Decent smoke, I'll buy them again."
Oro Cubano Aniversario,5 out of 5,"Oro Cubano Aniversario Churchill 2-fer,",Good price and good deal but I still like the factory throw 49's better.
Oro Cubano Aniversario,5 out of 5,Oro Cubano Aniversario Cigars,Good quality and taste for the money.
Oro Cubano Aniversario,1 out of 5,I got what I paid for.,These hand made cigars are a bit rough. Life is too short for cheap cigars so I vow to never go cheap again.
Oro Cubano Aniversario,4 out of 5,Nice daily smoke for not,Nice daily smoke for not much $ I take them to work for a good hour smoke
Oro Cubano Aniversario,1 out of 5,A good example of how not to make a cigar.,"Don't waste your time & money. These are the most poorly made cigars I've ever had the misfortune to try and smoke. They're not so much rolled as mashed into a cylinder. Unless you enjoy wasting your time trying in vain to get a cigar to burn evenly while it chimneys and runs its way here and there, stay away."
Oro Cubano Aniversario,5 out of 5,Oro Cubano Annivesario Churchill,This is a very mild and tasty cigar. I would definitely order again.
Oro Cubano Aniversario,5 out of 5,"Nice, especially for the price.","These are my every day cigars. For the most part, they burn nice and last me about an hour or so. Every now and then I have one that seems to unravel, but for the price you cant beat it. I will def buy these again."
Oro Cubano Aniversario,5 out of 5,Excellent!!!,"I have purchased cigars from Cigars International many times and each time is just as awesome as the last. The prices are low, the turn around time is quick & the freshness is better than if I bought them from the local shop with a humidor in it. Have turned several people onto CI & they're all loving it too! Keep up the great work."
Oro Cubano Aniversario,5 out of 5,Great smoke,This is my 2nd time ordering. Love them for everyday smoke
Oro Cubano Aniversario,3 out of 5,Good for a buck a stick,Didn't expect much but good smoke when mowing lawn or playing golf. You won't want to sit and savor these. Main problem is draw and lack of full leaf filler.
Oro Cubano Aniversario,5 out of 5,Oro Cubano,"I find the Oro Cubano cigar to be an decent medium bodied everyday cigar. As a 2-fer, you can't beat the price."
Oro Cubano Aniversario,5 out of 5,Makes mowing the lawn seem easy,I only smoke cigars and I only smoke outdoors And being able to smoke while I mow my yard makes my 1 acre plus not such a chore Thanks
Oro Cubano Aniversario,3 out of 5,decent inexpensive cigar,"For a cheap smoke, these are good. I use them as a change of pace from my regular smokes. The mid range rating is due to some wrap issues, a few sort of came apart, some were soft. Overall i will do these again, but the won't be my regulars..."
Oro Cubano Aniversario,1 out of 5,Won't draw,"Second time buying these. Second back that won't draw.
Never again will get these"
Oro Cubano Aniversario,2 out of 5,Oro Cubano Aniversario Toro 2-fer,"poor construction, won't stay lit. flavor not ad"
Oro Cubano Aniversario,5 out of 5,Nice for the price.,A good everyday smoke for the price.
Oro Cubano Aniversario,2 out of 5,a bit disappointed in the quality of the wrapper....may improve with humidification.,I have in the past had good cigars from this producer...not as happy with the present bunch.
Oro Cubano Aniversario,5 out of 5,great,Nice relaxing cigar. Price is good
Oro Cubano Aniversario,5 out of 5,Nice for the price.,For me these are a luxury. I enjoy them as an everyday smoke.
Oro Cubano Aniversario,5 out of 5,Great vale,Sometimes the cigars can be a little dry but my humidor can bring them back
Oro Cubano Aniversario,3 out of 5,For the money hard to beat working cigar,"OK working cigar, doesn't burn equally, some are very dry and hard stuffed makes me wondering how old they are. But for the price hard to beat working around house cigar, would buy again! The cigar box is worth half of the price..."
Oro Cubano Aniversario,1 out of 5,save your money,Horrible cigar can't get a good draw.
Oro Cubano Aniversario,4 out of 5,Very good taste,Very good taste
Oro Cubano Aniversario,5 out of 5,Honest value and good taste.,"I really like the Oro Churchill a lot, a good honest value, good taste and I haven't got a bad one yet. Twice a month, I take a 90 minute drive to visit relatives and fire one up in the Driveway upon leaving. I get the pleasure of enjoyment for the entire trip, plus another 15 minutes after arrival. I let them chill in the Humidor for 2-3 weeks when received before smoking and they're ready to go!"
Oro Cubano Aniversario,5 out of 5,Oro Cubano Churchill 2-fer,I like the Oro Cubano for its great taste and even burn and the best part about it was the price.
Oro Cubano Aniversario,3 out of 5,A perfect value,"We all seek the perfect cigar.....this isn't it...But these baby's will keep you busy while you engage in that search, and won't break the bank."
Oro Cubano Aniversario,1 out of 5,one of the worst ever,One of the worst cigars ever.
Oro Cubano Aniversario,4 out of 5,Daily Smoke,Perfect for after work. Just don't expect to impress with this one.
Oro Cubano Aniversario,3 out of 5,godd for give-aways,godd for give-aways
Ortega Cubao,4 out of 5,Good One,Smooth
Ortega Cubao,3 out of 5,Not bad,Not bad
Ortega Cubao,3 out of 5,Better than expected.,Better than expected.
Ortega Cubao,4 out of 5,"Very nice stick, good burn","Very nice stick, good burn with a nice balanced taste."
Ortega Cubao,4 out of 5,Very pleasing.,Very pleasing.
Ortega Cubao,3 out of 5,cubao,"ok for fans of mild cigars, a bit of a dry smoke."
Ortega Cubao,4 out of 5,Cube-wow,"Really shocked by the quality and flavor of this cigar for the price. Once you learn who is responsible for it, it’s self explanatory. Great everyday cigar with a little punch."
Ortega Cubao,5 out of 5,Smooth and tasty,The Ortega Cubau Robusta lived up to the hype about flavor and smoothness. No harsh aftertaste! Well done!
Ortega Cubao,4 out of 5,Great cigar for a fair,Great cigar for a fair price. Enough said!
Ortega Cubao,4 out of 5,Cubano,Cubano
Ortega Cubao,4 out of 5,Good smoke,"Have only smoked a couple, but am satisfied so far..."
Ortega Cubao,5 out of 5,Best cuban outside of Cuba I’ve had had!!,I’ve been smoking cigars for about 20 years now. I got these as an add on for an order I made and had no expectations. My first impression was that they were a bit strong at first and very tightly packed. My second impression was how smoothly they drew. But after about 5 minutes I knew I had a new favorite!! They are very complex and deliver a well balanced flavor profile. In addition they burn absolutely perfect. I’ve had more than a couple Cuban cigars and I would say these stand up to the best I’ve ever had. If you want a taste of an old time Cuban cigar you can’t go wrong with these. Get a box and I’m sure you will agree!
Ortega Cubao,4 out of 5,Cubao,Nice medium bodied Smoke at a fair price will be buying again
Ortega Cubao,5 out of 5,Great Robusto,Rich and aromatic in the beginning and through to the end.
Ortega Cubao,5 out of 5,good cigar,"semi-mild, stays lite, enjoyable"
Ortega Cubao,4 out of 5,Smooth even burn,Smooth even burn
Ortega Cubao,5 out of 5,Good,I will buy these again
Ortega Cubao,4 out of 5,Surprisingly good,Well constructed with a nice draw and an even burn. Will reorder.
Ortega Cubao,5 out of 5,Worth the wait,"Finally got my hands on these yesterday. They arrived at my local post office a week ago before I watched them move to Covington, New Orleans, Memphis, Atlanta, then finally Back to Gulfport MS where I reside. Bless everybody’s heart in these difficult times. It was worth the wait. I just enjoyed the first one on my back porch with a couple of good beers under a fan with some good music while the grill was working. I couldn’t turn it loose till it got down to my fingernails. I can’t really describe why it was so good other than somebody really knew what they were doing. I’ll be ordering more."
Ortega Cubao,5 out of 5,Cigar of the Year,"Sleeper cigar of the year ! Rich, woodsey, nutmeg, spice . Just the right amount of each. Not overpowering just perfect. Thanks Eddie, a homerun. Wish I could shake your hand."
Ortega Cubao,5 out of 5,Hidden gem,Wonderful underrated gem ! Will buy again
Ortega Cubao,4 out of 5,Ortega Cubao,"Got a 5 pack in the Coming to America sampler. The shining star of the group. Wonderful construction and flavor. Slow burn, good draw,medium strength. A wonderful find as I haven’t smoked these before"
Ortega Cubao,5 out of 5,Outstanding!,Amazing cigar and a great value! This cigar could easily be a daily treat! It burns nice slow and even inch by inch. The flavors are excellent. Nicaraguan tobacco is some of my favorite and Ecuadorian habano wrappers also rank highly with me. It's a good stick with plenty of kick. I'll be certainly adding a box with most future orders!
Ortega Cubao,5 out of 5,IMO A great stick..,"Smooth... Pleasant... Easy smoke.... Good burn and solid ash.. Looking for one that doesn't kick you in theeth, mild, mellow, and smooth.... IMO a great stick...."
Ortega Cubao,5 out of 5,Wonderful,"I really like this cigar! Great flavor, great even burn and good for a long drive. I like to smoke during my long commutes for work"
Ortega Serie 'D' Exclusivo,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Just smoked this cigar. Great cigar
Ortega Serie 'D' Exclusivo,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Another Home Run by Eddie Ortega
Padilla Artemis,5 out of 5,WOW,"Wonderful cigar, I hope you never run out . I will be heart broken. So smooth and flavorful."
Padilla Artemis,5 out of 5,A pleasant surprise;),"Great flavor, a good draw, and a consistent smoke right through the band. I picked them up on a special just to get free shipping on my original order. So I did not expect much from them. Wow I was really surprised on how good they smoked, and now I will defiantly buy more ."
Padilla Artemis,5 out of 5,Johnny Vegas,"The box of Padilla Artemis (5x54) is the first box pressed cigar
that I have purchased. I was very pleased with the burn, draw and
flavor. This is a great cigar for the price. Very smooth and great construction. It is one of my favorites."
Padilla Artemis,3 out of 5,Nick's Artemis Eval,"I recently received one (I don't recall the source), but liked it so much, that when your offer came up, I had to make a purchase. It's now on my ""favorites list,"" I finally started keeping last year. I haven't seen a rating on this cigar yet, but it has to be at least a '92'"
Padilla Artemis,5 out of 5,Quality smoke for an awesome price.,"This batch is just as good as the original which came out a few years go. It is a complex cigar which comes off smooth, peppery, nutty and with a medium to full body which you will notice one third into the cigar. Great cigar for any event, whether a special occasion or an after dinner smoke. I have smoked almost all of the Padilla cigars and I consider this one the King of the jungle."
Padilla Artemis,4 out of 5,Good Cigar...Great Price,"I would rate it at 90, well made, great taste....
Definately a very good medium smoke..."
Padilla Artemis,3 out of 5,Cigar of the month,"Normally I prefer Mild or Mild-Medium cigars. The Toro came in the cigar of the month. Wanting to give each cigar a fair trial, I lit this one up. Unfortunately, I was barely able to get through the first third of it. It proved that my palate is not equipped for a Medium-Full cigar. After enduring all I could, I set it aside to enjoy a Nat Sherman I acquired a few days ago."
Padilla Artemis,4 out of 5,Padilla Artemis,This is a very good smoke.
Padilla Artemis,5 out of 5,Padilla Artemis,"Don't know much from ""pepper"", ""woody"", or whatever taste or smell, and I never thought I'd like a ""shaped"" cigar, but this one satisfies my every wish. It's slow and even burning, not harsh or biting, just a good smoke for reading, watching TV, or just relaxing. Good price, too. Thanks."
Padilla Cazadores,4 out of 5,good cigar for the price,good cigar for the price
Padilla Cazadores,4 out of 5,backyard cigar,"This isn't a cigar to give to a buddy, it's not pack enough, bad burn and go's out now and then. Ok for around the yard work, Gary"
Padilla Cazadores,5 out of 5,Hardy,Hardy
Padilla Cazadores,5 out of 5,Nice smoke.,Nice smoke.
Padilla Cazadores,4 out of 5,"Smooth , mild , Just","Smooth , mild , Just a good smoke."
Padilla Cazadores,4 out of 5,Very good,"Nice draw, burns nice and even. Full of flavor."
Padilla Cazadores,5 out of 5,First time for these.,"Really liked these, will be ordering more."
Padilla Cazadores,4 out of 5,Good smoke for the money,Good smoke for the money
Padilla Cazadores,5 out of 5,Smooth and bold,These robust sticks made me a Padilla fan! A good smooth draw with a books taste and lots of smoke. Ready to test all the cigars that Padilla makes.
Padilla Cazadores,4 out of 5,Nice everyday smoke,A good cigar when doing things around the yard
Padilla Cazadores,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent service all around
Padilla Cazadores,3 out of 5,With Morning Coffee,Good with morning coffee. Ok cigar.
Padilla Cazadores,5 out of 5,Muy Bueno!,"Good price
Good sticks
Sorta small for what I expected, but good."
Padilla Cazadores,5 out of 5,Big MJ,Great Stogie!!!
Padilla Cazadores,3 out of 5,OK. Not Great,Nothing really distinctive about this stick. A little loosely packed for an easy draw but a fragile ash. I am hoping a little aging in the humidor improves the flavor.
Padilla Cazadores,4 out of 5,Good cigar,"A good, everyday cigar at the right price point. Will buy again."
Padilla Cazadores,5 out of 5,For Dad,"Got this for my Dad, he loves it to the point of not wanting to try anything else for now.
Thank you"
Padilla Cazadores,4 out of 5,Mild and flavorful,A good yard gar or fishing gar
Padilla Cazadores,5 out of 5,Just the right amount of kick,"Padilla is my go to puros, like a Charles Bukowski read it always delivers. What I like about Padilla is the absence of a peppery taste,just flavor and a medium taste. The Cazadores are a bargin at this price ,a well constructed satisfying smoke."
Padilla Cazadores,4 out of 5,Great little puro,"Good quality, right sized smoke, a little inconsistent on the strength (robustness)"
Padilla Cazadores,5 out of 5,Very fresh. Smooth easy draw,Very fresh. Smooth easy draw
Padilla Cazadores,4 out of 5,Great cigar well worth the price,I normally like a stronger cigar. However this is the perfect after dinner take the dog for a walk cigar.
Padilla Cazadores,4 out of 5,Enjoyed them. Would buy them,Enjoyed them. Would buy them again
Padilla Cazadores,5 out of 5,Cigar,Good
Padilla Cazadores,3 out of 5,Ok,Just OK
Padilla Cazadores,5 out of 5,Fresh and Delightful smoke,Fresh and Delightful smoke
Padilla Cazadores,4 out of 5,Jury still out,I rate it good because I had a couple and one was tough draw and uneven burn. The jury is still out!
Padilla Cazadores,5 out of 5,"Great smoke, taste & aroma,","Great smoke, taste & aroma, burn even."
Padilla Cazadores,5 out of 5,A Gift Of Pleasure,"These were a gift from a friend who does not smoke cigars. I have had Padilla before but not these Cazadores. I was truly impressed with the flavor and the smell, they smoke really well, although they do burn a little uneven, a little torching to get them back on track will do the trick. I will most definitely purchase these in the future. Thank you my friend, great choice."
Padilla Cazadores,4 out of 5,Rough around the edges but,Rough around the edges but the price was right
Padilla Cazadores,4 out of 5,Padilla,Good smoke from start to finish.
Padilla Cazadores,5 out of 5,Good smokes,Good smokes
Padilla Cazadores,4 out of 5,Great to have for any occasion,"Safe smoke, chocolate after taste, peppery and great at any time."
Padilla Cazadores,3 out of 5,so so cigar,"very mild, does not stay lit and very uneaven burn. will not buy again."
Padilla Cazadores,4 out of 5,One Of The Best,Just about everything you could ask for in a smooth relaxed smoke. Burns perfectly and pairs well with Bourbon.
Padilla Cazadores,5 out of 5,Will buy again,"Nice construction,awesome flavor,and quite a decent burn. If a buddy handed me one I would never guess it was a""budget"" cigar"
Padilla Cazadores,4 out of 5,Good inexpensive cigars,Good flavor. Burn was so so but what do you expect from Cuban sandwich cigars. Really good everyday cigars.
Padilla Cazadores,4 out of 5,there are OK,there are OK
Padilla Cazadores,5 out of 5,Padilla Cazadores Toro,This is a very nice mild smoking evening cigar. Light on the tongue with very mild earthy tones. A great value and very nice smoke all round.
Padilla Cazadores,4 out of 5,Nice for the price,Nice for the price
Padilla Cazadores,4 out of 5,"Beautiful wrapper, elegant smoke, medium","Beautiful wrapper, elegant smoke, medium strength, slow smoker."
Padilla Cazadores,3 out of 5,Decent,Not what I was expecting but decent
Padilla Cazadores,5 out of 5,Padilla toro,Great smoke. Will buy it again
Padilla Cazadores,3 out of 5,Good smoke fair price,Good smoke fair price
Padilla Cazadores,5 out of 5,Padilla Cazadores Toro Gordo,"These are one of my favorite cigars, I will probably be smoking this cigar for a very long time"
Padilla Cazadores,5 out of 5,Padilla’s,Great little cigars with full bodied flavor. If you just want to have a quick stick this is the one.
Padilla Cazadores,5 out of 5,Padilla Cazadores Torpedo,"Great smoke. Easy draw, good burn, like it a lot. Will be buying them again!"
Padilla Cazadores,3 out of 5,Nice,Nice
Padilla Cazadores,4 out of 5,Looks better than it is.,Good looking cigar but I was surprised at the quality of the filler. Decided to not cut but punch the cigar so the filler didn’t fall out. Constitution was suspect. OK smoke for the price.
Padilla Cazadores,4 out of 5,Good Everyday Cigar,The flavor and draw is just about right for me and the price (on sale) was reasonable.
Padilla Corojo '99,5 out of 5,good cigars but inconsistant strength,good cigars but inconsistant strength and draw
Padilla Corojo '99,3 out of 5,inconsistant,"good cigars but some have hard draw,some are not as full bodied as others"
Padilla Corojo '99,4 out of 5,Give it a try.,"Awesome stick. Nice burn, flavor and it will occupy you for a couple of hours! Great value."
Padilla Corojo '99,3 out of 5,Not what I expected,"Good burn , draw but flavor not spicy like I expected from the corojo wrapper."
Padilla Corojo '99,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"Great rustic flavor and nice smoke, very enjoyable."
Padilla Corojo '99,5 out of 5,welcome to cigar nirvana,this truly a modern classic incredible just wow
Padilla Dominus,4 out of 5,Very tasty smoke.,Very tasty smoke.
Padilla Dominus,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
Padilla Dominus,4 out of 5,Johnny Vegas,I have been wanting to try Padilla Dominus 5x54 so I purchased a box. A good cigar but I prefer their Corojo 99 and Criollo 98.
Padilla Dominus,5 out of 5,Padilla Dominus Double Rebusto,Very fast delivery. Beautiful box. Hubby very happy Christmas morning! Thanks.
Padilla Dominus,4 out of 5,"Great value, consistent performance.","Although I agree that this is not the same Dominos produced in Nicaragua, it only means that reviews on this genre are hard to find. I am smoking both the Robusto and Toro's and have some Torpedoes as well. The strength is Medium in my book. Smoke production is fine and burn seems consistently perfect. I have yet to find a throw away. Though not complex, the strength behaves well and the experience is good all the way through. The only reason I give it four out of five is the fact that, simply but, at this price range one cannot compare it with the higher end smokes. In this price range, however, I think it is about as good as it gets."
Padilla Dominus,4 out of 5,A very nice cigar,"Very nice, gave 4 stars on technical aspects. Witheld one star due to it’s relatively thin smoke. I prefer thicker, richer, heavier smoke."
Padilla Dominus,5 out of 5,Smooth and Strong,Padilla Dominus as always delivers consistent draw with a favorable strong flavor and I love the double robusto size
Padilla Dominus,4 out of 5,"Good, but not the same","This is a fine medium strength cigar, but it is NOT the same cigar that was available years ago under the same name. The original Dominus was made in Nicaragua, was quite full in strength and was a high-priced smoke. This new version is good value for the price, but just don't expect this to compare to the original in quality."
Padilla Dominus,5 out of 5,Two Thumps Up,"All I have to say is, I loved it! Now I will say some more. This is a Full Cigar one of the best I have had for a smoker for over three years, all full cigars seem harsh, but is the wrong word to use. The word would be more like Spicy, peppery, or as it is Full of flavor. I smoked just one and then ordered the Torpedo Sampler. Can't wait"
Padilla Dominus,4 out of 5,"Solid smoke, pricey for what it is",I'll preface this by saying I'm new to cigars. The cigar was pretty good. I got the torpedo and felt that the draw was tight before cutting the whole tip off. Then the draw was great. The flavor was pretty bitter with some spice. It does not have as full of a flavor profile (that I could notice) as other cigars for the price.
Padilla Finest Hour - Oscuro,5 out of 5,Nice smoke. Will order again.,Nice smoke. Will order again.
Padilla Finest Hour - Oscuro,5 out of 5,Great nutty favor. Slow burn,Great nutty favor. Slow burn
Padilla Finest Hour - Oscuro,5 out of 5,One of the best,This cigar is one of the best that I have tried in my entire life. It’s called finest hour because without doubt it is a fine cigar that last about an hour and a half and burns perfect with a lot of smoke in it. I would recommend this cigar to anyone and it’s a must have for your humidor.
Padilla Finest Hour - Oscuro,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"The name is fitting, because it is one of the finest cigars I've had, and it took about an hour."
Padilla Finest Hour - Oscuro,5 out of 5,Smooth but bold,Add them to your list if they ever go on sale. You won't be sorry!
Padilla Finest Hour - Oscuro,4 out of 5,goodSMoke,goodSMoke
Padilla Finest Hour - Oscuro,5 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth and tastey
Padilla Finest Hour - Oscuro,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"The Finest Hour had great taste, burns well. On another subject CI shorted me on my order and after 2 emails and multiple calls lasting over an hour on hold, 3 week later still no response."
Padilla Finest Hour - Oscuro,5 out of 5,2nd Box,Nice!! 2nd box on the way..
Padilla Finest Hour - Oscuro,4 out of 5,Surprising good,I had purchased Padilla Fuma's. To say they were awful is an understatement. Then I got the Padilla sampler which contained these and I was surprised at the quality and flavor. I have enjoyed every cigar in the sampler so far.
Padilla Finest Hour - Oscuro,5 out of 5,Finest Hour Robusto,I actually got one as a pre-release. Quite complex with a melty marshmallow like mouthfeel. It is more of a medium to medium full bodied cigar than a true full bodied. I’ll definitely be grabbing a five pack when they’re back in stock.
Padilla Finest Hour - Sungrown,5 out of 5,Flavortown,"This is flavortown. Really enjoying this stick. Had no idea what to expect, been in the box for a while."
Padilla Finest Hour - Sungrown,3 out of 5,Not bad.,"Let’s start with the positives. This cigar has a smooth draw and even burn with a nice amount of smoke.
The overall taste is not unpleasant but a little on the harsh side of smooth. I’m not tasting any cocoa or creaminess as per the product description.
However, I am not a Xtreme a cigar aficionado so take my review with a grain of salt and at least give it a try before you write it off.
Overall not a bad smoke but definitely not one that would make my top five or even top 10."
Padilla Fumas Connecticut,5 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth
Padilla Fumas Connecticut,5 out of 5,They were all I expected.Enjoyed,"They were all I expected.Enjoyed them,thanks."
Padilla Fumas Connecticut,5 out of 5,Padilla Fumas Connecticut,Great golf course smoke - smooth and lasting.
Padilla Fumas Connecticut,4 out of 5,Enjoy with Smith smoke little,Enjoy with Smith smoke little after taste. Over a four out five.
Padilla Fumas Connecticut,5 out of 5,great smoke mild but hearty,Easy smoke not offensive to the non-cigar smoker
Padilla Fumas Connecticut,4 out of 5,Padilla Torpedo,"For the price this is a great everyday smoke. Good flavor, good burn and doesn't break the bank."
Padilla Fumas Connecticut,5 out of 5,Padilla Connecticut,"Nice smooth smoke, I will be ordering more"
Padilla Fumas Connecticut,4 out of 5,Meh,"I'll be honest, I was hoping that they would be a great value for the price...turns out you pretty much get what you pay for. Not bad."
Padilla Fumas Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good for the Price,Decent cigar for the price. It is not long filler but made from trimmings.
Padilla Fumas Connecticut,3 out of 5,Not bad,Burn a bit uneven flavor is good would get again
Padilla Fumas Connecticut,5 out of 5,Where are they???,Great everyday cigars when available!!!
Padilla Fumas Connecticut,5 out of 5,"Good cigars, happy with them","Good cigars, happy with them"
Padilla Fumas Connecticut,4 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Padilla Fumas Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good Every Day Cigar,Got these on sale. Was impressed by the smoothness.
Padilla Fumas Connecticut,5 out of 5,Good smoke for the price....,Good smoke for the price....
Padilla Fumas Connecticut,5 out of 5,Flavor at a super deal,Enjoyment while relaxing!
Padilla Fumas Connecticut,5 out of 5,Mild,Mild
Padilla Fumas Connecticut,3 out of 5,Great in a pinch.,"Not the best I've had, but certainly a decent daily cigar."
Padilla Fumas Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good every day cigar.,Good every day cigar.
Padilla Fumas Connecticut,4 out of 5,good smoke when I am alone,I enjoyed the the taste my wife not so fond of the smell
Padilla Fumas Connecticut,5 out of 5,Padilla,The scare a great deal!
Padilla Fumas Connecticut,5 out of 5,Decent golf cigar,Good every day cigar.
Padilla Fumas Connecticut,5 out of 5,Yummmy.,Really smooth and aromatic cigar.
Padilla Fumas Connecticut,4 out of 5,Mild,"Mild,good for any time of the day,or week."
Padilla Fumas Connecticut,4 out of 5,Slightly inconsistent burn on some,"Some packed a little tighter, usually enjoyable"
Padilla Fumas Connecticut,5 out of 5,Love it,Loved it. Great cigar at good price
Padilla Fumas Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good gar,Got at fair price but definitely not one I’ll buy again. Construction was decent so it burned evenly but not a smooth smoke. Got some tough bite but maybe because I smoked too many in a row. Flavor very medium to light so nice with coffee in the morning
Padilla Fumas Connecticut,4 out of 5,Padilla,"Good, decent smoke. Burns uneven quite often, certainly not a bad cigar."
Padilla Fumas Connecticut,4 out of 5,great smoke,very nice smoke great with morning coffee
Padilla Fumas Connecticut,4 out of 5,I enjoy a good Connecticut wraper,very good mild cigar. some may call this a good every day cigar but for me I smoke at most 1 a week so I do not get back in that habit. To me a good drink and cigar are enjoyed more if not done every day
Padilla Fumas Connecticut,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent for $$$
Padilla Fumas Connecticut,4 out of 5,Great deal for a daily yard cigar,"Tightly rolled, no soft spots, good draw. Slight uneven burn. Peppery flavor to start, mellowed out. I heard giving these some time to rest gives them a better flavor. Not bad at $25 a box."
Padilla Fumas Connecticut,4 out of 5,I enjoy a good Connecticut wraper,nice cigar to have on the porch with a good drink I prefer it to the Habano smooth and relaxing good burning. if you have a half hour to sit and enjoy this one works well.
Padilla Fumas Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good price makes this a,Good price makes this a great everyday cigar !!
Padilla Fumas Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great smoke,These are light cigars with a pleasant mouth feel.
Padilla Fumas Connecticut,3 out of 5,Padilla,"They were ok, this time. This was my 4th box in a year so I might have over smoked them. Great price. I do like the brown labels better that the whites ones!"
Padilla Fumas Connecticut,4 out of 5,Great every day cigar.,"Easy draw with lots of smoke, (usually). Good flavor."
Padilla Fumas Connecticut,3 out of 5,Average cigar,"Let's be clear, they are what they are. A cheaply priced cigar, tasting what you paid for them. They smoke well taste bland, better than good rat cigars worse than premium cigars. Simple fact but they are what they are. Shipping still stinks to high heaven from CI seems that slow shipping is common place but pooey on the dragged out delivery."
Padilla Fumas Connecticut,5 out of 5,Nice smoke,Great price and great quality.
Padilla Fumas Connecticut,5 out of 5,Gud smokes,Gud smokes
Padilla Fumas Connecticut,5 out of 5,Padilla Fumas,"Simply little robusto cigar, perfect for cutting the grass, doing chores etc. Flavor is alright leans towards medium to mild. Burns decent, might have to touch it up once in awhile but overall for the price it is a great value"
Padilla Fumas Connecticut,4 out of 5,cjkoilman,One of the best value per price.
Padilla Fumas Connecticut,3 out of 5,Ok cigars,I thought they would be better
Padilla Fumas Connecticut,4 out of 5,Nice smoke!,Very good cigar for the price. Mild to medium. Making this an everyday smoke!
Padilla Fumas Connecticut,2 out of 5,Alan Roman,"The price is fair The wrapper is good to excellent, the taste is adequate, the aroma is fair to good, however they burn unevenly"
Padilla Fumas Connecticut,5 out of 5,padiillas,excellent every day smoke
Padilla Fumas Connecticut,4 out of 5,good smoke,good smoke
Padilla Fumas Connecticut,5 out of 5,Good smoke for the price.,Good smoke for the price. Mild and mellow!
Padilla Fumas Connecticut,2 out of 5,Poor Burn,"These cigars do not burn evenly, big time canoeing. It ruins the whole smoking experience"
Padilla Fumas Connecticut,5 out of 5,Padilla Contantals,This is 1 of the best every day smokes you can buy. It smokes smooths burns even is mild medium and has no harshness. It should be on the everyone's list . Give them a try you will enjoy them
Padilla Fumas Habano,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar when they are on sale.
Padilla Fumas Habano,4 out of 5,For my Dad,"Got this for my father, he said it was Ok"
Padilla Fumas Habano,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
Padilla Fumas Habano,4 out of 5,Padilla fumes habano,"Cigar is flavorful,especially when you let them set in the humidor for a few weeks. Highly recommended."
Padilla Fumas Habano,3 out of 5,So so,The wrapper has been thin in this batch an used a punch cut to prevent pieces of tobacco in mouth this smoke is medium in strength.most sticks burned nicely with good ash had a few that canoed not a bad smoke for the $
Padilla Fumas Habano,4 out of 5,Good,Good everyday smoke burns nice. I recommend 6 months in the box prior to smoking but still an enjoyable smoke
Padilla Fumas Habano,5 out of 5,Great Budget Habano,"Wow fantasic cigar! Smooth, flavorful, well constructed & a great price. This fuma is fantastic!"
Padilla Fumas Habano,5 out of 5,Ausome every day cigar,Ausome every day cigar
Padilla Fumas Habano,4 out of 5,Not to bad,It was ok 👌🏾
Padilla Fumas Habano,4 out of 5,Good smooth smoke.,Good smooth smoke.
Padilla Fumas Habano,3 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Padilla Fumas Habano,4 out of 5,Pretty Good,Nice Smoke
Padilla Fumas Habano,4 out of 5,Good cigar. Great flavor except,Good cigar. Great flavor except they don't burn well. Need to be frequently relit.
Padilla Fumas Habano,4 out of 5,Great smoke for the price.,Great smoke for the price.
Padilla Fumas Habano,4 out of 5,Good smoke for the price.,Good smoke for the price.
Padilla Fumas Habano,3 out of 5,Not Well Made,I let these sit in my humidor for a week but the still fell apart and burned un evenly
Padilla Fumas Habano,5 out of 5,GREAT!!,GREAT!!
Padilla Fumas Habano,4 out of 5,Great Buy,"Good flavor all the way through. Does not burn evenly, so keep your fire handy. For the price a great buy."
Padilla Fumas Habano,3 out of 5,Good cigar overall,Good price. Good smoke. Habano wrap is a bit strong for my taste. Hard to stay lit because too strong to keep up puffing.
Padilla Fumas Habano,5 out of 5,You guys always have great,You guys always have great deals on cigars. I’ve order probably 30 different brands of cigars and I haven’t been disappointed.
Padilla Fumas Habano,4 out of 5,Padilla Habano Churchill,Well made fuma. Let them sit in your humidor for a week/unwrapped as they are too moist to stay lit right out of the box
Padilla Fumas Habano,5 out of 5,Nice Smoke!!,Nice Smoke!!
Padilla Fumas Habano,4 out of 5,Nice flavor. Burns well.,Nice flavor. Burns well.
Padilla Fumas Habano,4 out of 5,Value smoke,Value smoke
Padilla Fumas Habano,5 out of 5,Great smoke for the price!!!!,Great smoke for the price!!!!
Padilla Fumas Habano,4 out of 5,Outstanding for its type,Outstanding cigar for a smaller cigar and a bit milder instead of a medium Maduro. It would be great for a cigar smoking. lady
Padilla Fumas Habano,4 out of 5,Very good for the price!,I have never been disappointed by Padilla... They are priced right and for the money are a very good every day smoke. I noticed that the profile does vary from cigar to cigar yet they really never let me down. Good stuff here!
Padilla Fumas Habano,5 out of 5,Smooth and confortable,This is a great cigar to smoke when you don't have a lot of time. It has a light to medium strength..
Padilla Fumas Habano,3 out of 5,Not bad,"Not bad at all, with kind of a sweet finish, I thought"
Padilla Fumas Habano,5 out of 5,*****,Great
Padilla Fumas Habano,3 out of 5,Good Cigar something different,Good Cigar something different
Padilla Fumas Habano,3 out of 5,Decent stick for the price,I am always looking for something as an everyday kind of smoke at a low price point. I tried these and for what they are have satisfied that demand. I have bought them both in habano and maduro flavors and like both equally. The Maduro however do tend to have some spicy bitterness toward the end of the smoke if you like that kind of thing.
Padilla Fumas Habano,3 out of 5,Good gar great deal,A bit stronger than expected but enjoyed it.
Padilla Fumas Habano,4 out of 5,Very good smoke,Very good smoke
Padilla Fumas Habano,5 out of 5,Nice,Good
Padilla Fumas Habano,5 out of 5,Padilla,"Great smoke for price, will order again"
Padilla Fumas Habano,3 out of 5,No bad,No bad
Padilla Fumas Habano,4 out of 5,Excellent choice,Very smooth cigar with good taste burn slow and clean a quality cigar
Padilla Fumas Habano,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Always a good cigar for the price.
Padilla Fumas Habano,5 out of 5,Full Bodied great smoke for,Full Bodied great smoke for the price
Padilla Fumas Habano,5 out of 5,Excellent value— Fantastic Cigar,Excellent value— Fantastic Cigar
Padilla Fumas Habano,3 out of 5,A good morning type-of-smoke with,"A good morning type-of-smoke with a good cup of coffee. I enjoyed this one as a break to catch my breath in between classes,"
Padilla Fumas Habano,5 out of 5,Awesome Cigar! 😤💯👍,For the price! You can't go wrong... 😁
Padilla Fumas Habano,5 out of 5,Excellent,"excellent cigar , I love it, I did buy 4 boxes 80 cigars total , Hope CI will bring the price little down. No doubt Recommend it."
Padilla Fumas Habano,4 out of 5,Good price,A nice surprise. A very tasty smoke for not a lot of money. Well manufactured in a wooden box like the big boys but at a budget price. I definitely will be buying these again soon.
Padilla Fumas Habano,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Love this cigar.
Padilla Fumas Habano,5 out of 5,great smoke,great smoke for the money
Padilla Fumas Habano,4 out of 5,Nice for the price. would,Nice for the price. would buy again
Padilla Fumas Habano,5 out of 5,Nice little cigar,Nice little cigar
Padilla Fumas Habano,5 out of 5,Good Smoke,"Cigars are smooth,easy smoke!!"
Padilla Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent,Love these
Padilla Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Perfect size and shape,Perfect size and shape
Padilla Fumas Maduro,4 out of 5,Great Smoke!,Purchased these on a whim and am very glad I did! Will definitely reorder when they're gone!
Padilla Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar when they are on sale.
Padilla Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Best cigar for the money,Great robust cigar for price
Padilla Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,"Nice flow, smooth and good","Nice flow, smooth and good taste along the cigar"
Padilla Fumas Maduro,3 out of 5,"Great taste, poor burn",I really like the taste of these cigars. Problem is one out of three burns sideways.
Padilla Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Very good.mild.smoke it's a keeper,Very good.mild.smoke it's a keeper
Padilla Fumas Maduro,4 out of 5,Great cigar for the price.,Great cigar for the price.
Padilla Fumas Maduro,4 out of 5,Great smoke for the price,Great smoke for the price
Padilla Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Well made,"surprised that they came very quickly, the flavor of spices you get is enjoyable. These cigars are well made, they have a great smooth; semi darker flavor to them."
Padilla Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Good affordable every day cigar.,Good affordable every day cigar.
Padilla Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth
Padilla Fumas Maduro,4 out of 5,Tasty but tight draw,"Wonderful flavor and can't beat the price, but the draw has been really tight on every one I've had.
If it wasn't so tight, I'd give it 5 stars at this price."
Padilla Fumas Maduro,4 out of 5,Solid cigar for price.,"For the price a quality cigar. Body is medium+. Decent maduro flavor. For a cheaper cigar, I enjoyed it."
Padilla Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,I nice smoke a good,I nice smoke a good draw
Padilla Fumas Maduro,4 out of 5,Great morning cigar,Very satisfying burns well well made definite rebuy
Padilla Fumas Maduro,3 out of 5,Nice everyday smoke,Nice everyday smoke
Padilla Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Burned well nice nutty taste,Burned well nice nutty taste great cigar for the price.
Padilla Fumas Maduro,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Padilla Fumas Maduro,4 out of 5,really nice smooth smoke. definitely,really nice smooth smoke. definitely will buy some more
Padilla Fumas Maduro,3 out of 5,Decent cigar for the price,Decent cigar for the price
Padilla Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,great smoke,great smoke
Padilla Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Great. Cigar!,"Nice flavor, really enjoyable cigar for the value. I would recommend this cigar , a very nice medium blend flavor."
Padilla Fumas Maduro,4 out of 5,Great for the price,Great for the price
Padilla Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Good flavor and finish,Good flavor and finish
Padilla Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Pretty good stick,"Not a bad cigar for the price, pretty tasty too!"
Padilla Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Padilla's,Great smoke
Padilla Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Pleasantly surprised!,"I enjoyed the fifth cigar of this box this evening. I was drawn in by the sale price, as I've been looking for an everyday Maduro to stand in as an affordable substitute for one of my faves. I would purchase this one again on it's own merits. Flavorful, medium, and fairly consistent from first draw until the end. Recommend."
Padilla Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,An really pleased with this one! Never guessed it would be so well received by my buddies!
Padilla Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Great daily cigar,"I've had one of these every day since my order arrived, and it didn't break the bank."
Padilla Fumas Maduro,4 out of 5,Good smoke good taste good,Good smoke good taste good burn
Padilla Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,My husband loves these cigars.,My husband loves these cigars.
Padilla Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Padilla Fumas Maduro,"Great cigars for the price! These Padilla Maduros have a nice dark chocolate and coco flavor paired with a bit of earthiness and sweetness. They are medium bodied and have a smooth finish. I will note that they have a tighter draw and do not burn as evenly as I’d like, but that is to be expected from a fumas. Definitely a great value cigar."
Padilla Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Padilla Fumas Maduro Robusto,Great cigar for a good price!
Padilla Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,GREAT SMOKE,VERY GOOD
Padilla Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Great buy,Great buy
Padilla Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Very Happy With These Padilla,This is a very good cigar at 2 dollars. I wouldn't have even known it was mix filler but I decided to use a punch instead of cutting. All aspects were very nice ... the burn draw taste and quite mild body with a creamy texture. A nice flavor level ... not too tangy or peppery with flavors of cedar and natural sweet spice. I bought 2 boxes on sale and they are improving in my humidor. A nice pleasant relaxing cigar.
Padilla Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Giant Killer,The giant killer. This stick is almost on par with Liga #9. A rich chocolaty treat at a great price. Gonna try the churchill next.
Padilla Fumas Maduro,3 out of 5,Fine,"These are just fine. I generally like stronger cigars more, but actually prefer the Connecticut variety to these"
Padilla Fumas Maduro,4 out of 5,Enjoyable,Well constructed. Good flavor. I'm enjoying these.
Padilla Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,cigar review,excellent cigar
Padilla Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Enjoy the flavor,"HELP! I am addicted to these cigars!!! They smoke wonderful,smooth with no bite. I have bought these a couple of times and I am sure I will do it again. They are true maduro. Or as they say in Spanish ""Bien Maduto, con un sabor unico"" or Very Ripe with a Unique flavor.
So sit back and enjoy flavor!"
Padilla Fumas Maduro,4 out of 5,Padilla,Doesn't stay lit but tastes good and a great price.
Padilla Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,great smoke,great smoke
Padilla Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Padila,Great smokes
Padilla Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,My everyday,"Great Skokie, Burns even, long Ash for filler. Good distinct madero flavor, rich dark espresso"
Padilla Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Padilla,Good smooth stogie every time
Padilla Fumas Maduro,4 out of 5,"Great Robusto, Even Better Price","Fantastic rich, oily smoke. Sit in the backyard with a brandy for sippin' and dippin' and you will have a fine time. At this price they they are easy to enjoy as well as share."
Padilla Fumas Maduro,4 out of 5,Padilla fuma maduro,Great price for a good cigar.
