prod_name,stars,review_title,review_body
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,Very good smoke for the price!,Def recommend if looking for an everyday smoke at an affordable cost.
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,1876,Good cigar smokes smooth !!
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,1876 Reserve,I have always liked this brand. I usually smoke the churchill.
1876 Reserve,4 out of 5,1876,Light and smooth
1876 Reserve,4 out of 5,Great golf cigat,Cant beat them for the price
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,Great every day smoke.,"Mild, smooth, early in the day smoke. Will buy again."
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,Nice smokes,I really liked these cigars. They smoke easily and evenly with no harsh taste. Every one in the bundle smoked the same as the other ones. Very nice smoke.
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,Great torpedos,Shared 1876 torpedos with some friends who really liked them as a lower priced mild cigar.
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,Good smoke,"Great smoke, great price. Hope you continue to have them"
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,Nice mild smoke,Nice mild smoke
1876 Reserve,4 out of 5,1876 Reserve Toro,"Consistently very good, especially given the price."
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,Smooth Burn,Good Cigar for the money.
1876 Reserve,4 out of 5,Very nice surprise! If you,Very nice surprise! If you are a fan of a milder cigar this was great!!
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,Excellent service and shipped promptly,Excellent service and shipped promptly
1876 Reserve,3 out of 5,1876 Reserve Toro,OK mild cigar for low price point.
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,1876 Torpedos,"The 1876 is my everyday cigar. I enjoy the mild Connecticut wrapper and their good draw. Price is O.K.
Two comments:
1. Several long stems in the tobacco leaves. Some are almost 4"" long. Thick, tough and gnarly. I pull the large ones out using forceps. Messy to do that.
2. Wrapper tends to de-laminate when cigar band is removed. Suggest that less glue (or none) is used on the band."
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,Great Value,"Consistent, easy draw. Smooth and mild."
1876 Reserve,4 out of 5,Decent everyday smoke,"Smooth enough, with a consistent enough burn to be an everyday stick at a good price"
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,Good for relaxing in the,Good for relaxing in the day
1876 Reserve,4 out of 5,Great cigar for the price,Great cigar for the price
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth
1876 Reserve,4 out of 5,My fav go to affordable,My fav go to affordable cigar
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,Best cigar for the buck,Best cigar for the buck
1876 Reserve,4 out of 5,Smooth,"Smooth draw, nice cigar for the price."
1876 Reserve,4 out of 5,As I expected.,As I expected.
1876 Reserve,4 out of 5,Great cigars for the golf,Great cigars for the golf course. Burns steady and even. Had a player tell me they smell good too.
1876 Reserve,4 out of 5,A little burn issue,"The few I have tried have been OK, but a couple of them
have burned poorly. I bought them as my garage cigar, but truly, nothing special. I'll go back to the Don Rafeal's when I finish this bundle."
1876 Reserve,4 out of 5,good,good
1876 Reserve,4 out of 5,1876 reserve,Affordable everyday cigar
1876 Reserve,3 out of 5,1876 Reserve Torpedo,A little harsh at times. Not bad for the price
1876 Reserve,4 out of 5,Good daily smokes.,Good daily smokes.
1876 Reserve,4 out of 5,Great Cigar,I’m a fan of a mild cigar. The 1876 Reserve Torpedo is definitely the cigar that suits my taste. Very easy draw. Worth the price
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,Costs,Great cigars but as I purchase these same smokes every month I'd like to think I'd get something extra like free shipping or other items.
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,1876 Reserve Toro,Smooth cigar !!!
1876 Reserve,4 out of 5,Nice,Good knock around smoke for the money
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,I'm a truck driver and,"I'm a truck driver and these are great everyday cigars, smooth and burn evenly."
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,"Nice mellow cigar, wish they","Nice mellow cigar, wish they had Churchill's available, next time...."
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,Very good cigar,"You would be hard pressed to find a better cigar for 2 bucks or less. It burns evenly, not hot and no hollowing, good taste and well constructed. I am retired and on a budget, and these fit the bill. I would recommend them to anyone who is looking for a good budget smoke."
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,Great value!,Great value!
1876 Reserve,4 out of 5,"Reliable service,good cigars Very little","Reliable service,good cigars
Very little to complain about."
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,Favorites,These are my husband's favorites.
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,Best price for a good,Best price for a good golf cigar
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,like,price and very smooth
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,Great smoke for the price.,"I enjoy mild connecticuts, and this one is great. its mild; draws and burns good; and the taste is not overpowering. I smoke this as my regular, and others on weekends and gatherings."
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,I like mild with taste-this is it,"smooth, mild taste A great one hour relaxed smoke-don't get better than that!"
1876 Reserve,3 out of 5,Not a bad golf course,Not a bad golf course cigar. Price is good.
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,Smoooth!!,"Simply said, smooth smoke, good price!"
1876 Reserve,5 out of 5,A Faovorite,"This one is a FAVORITE of mine. Mellow, smooth & easy draw."
1876 Reserve,4 out of 5,Good mild smoke.,Very good and mild smoke at a decent price.
1876 Reserve,4 out of 5,1876 Poppy,Great taste and mild.
1876 Reserve Maduro,4 out of 5,good everyday smoke,good everyday smoke
1876 Reserve Maduro,5 out of 5,Best value for the money!,"Well made, flavorful and a great value. My ""go to"" daily smoke!"
1876 Reserve Maduro,4 out of 5,Good cigar,"These are some of my favorites. Madura, mild and consistent."
1876 Reserve Maduro,3 out of 5,"Mark Twain smooth, okay","Mark Twain smooth, okay"
1876 Reserve Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent buy for the money,Great smooth everyday cigar !!
1876 Reserve Maduro,4 out of 5,Great taste,Rating of a 4.5 out of 5. The cigars are a smooth and refreshing taste.
1876 Reserve Maduro,4 out of 5,Good for the price,Good for the price
1876 Reserve Maduro,5 out of 5,My go to golf course,My go to golf course cigar. Mild with an even burn. Buy them often.
1876 Reserve Maduro,4 out of 5,"This is my golfing partner,","This is my golfing partner, I always have a couple with me on the course"
1876 Reserve Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke for the price,Great smoke for the price
1876 Reserve Maduro,5 out of 5,Nice cigars,Nice cigars
1876 Reserve Maduro,5 out of 5,Very Smooth,Very Smooth
1876 Reserve Maduro,4 out of 5,This cigar had a smooth,"This cigar had a smooth medium flavor that stayed true to end of the cigar, not harsh or bitter. It also had a good even draw, stayed lit and produced about an inch and half ash. An excellent value cigar for the price."
1876 Reserve Maduro,5 out of 5,Good Cigar for the price,Nice cigar for the price. Draws easy and smooth taste.
1876 Reserve Maduro,4 out of 5,"Good, smooth smoke. Stays lit","Good, smooth smoke. Stays lit and burns evenly. Would definitely buy again. Great for the back nine."
1876 Reserve Maduro,5 out of 5,Nice smoke,All things considered this is not only a great buy it’s also a very good smoke. They have a good draw and good taste all the way through.
1876 Reserve Maduro,4 out of 5,Great cigar for the price,Great cigar for the price
1876 Reserve Maduro,5 out of 5,Found to be nice and,Found to be nice and smooth
1876 Reserve Maduro,5 out of 5,Great everyday cigar,"The 1876 Maduro is well made, stays lit, has pleasant aroma and good taste. Can’t beat the price for these cigars. Give them a try."
1876 Reserve Maduro,4 out of 5,Good value,Good value for the price
1876 Reserve Maduro,5 out of 5,Hoping to keep these secret so they remain in stock,"Phenomenal deal for the price. Draws easy, stays together, burns even. I think I've only had one that was packed a little tight. The rest were great."
1876 Reserve Maduro,4 out of 5,1876 Reserve Madurai Churchhill,"Very mild, good burning cigar, especially the price!"
1876 Reserve Maduro,4 out of 5,Good - Not Great,A good choice for casual smoke or on golf course.
1876 Reserve Maduro,3 out of 5,An Everyday Cigar,"A solid, well made, everyday cigar."
1876 Reserve Maduro,5 out of 5,"Good cigar , Great price","Good cigar , Great price"
1876 Reserve Maduro,4 out of 5,An everyday smoke,"Nice cigar for a fair price, not a good ash but an everyday smoke"
1876 Reserve Maduro,5 out of 5,Love the brand,Have purchased other 1886 in the past and was okeased so i tried these. Live ‘em. Great burn and flavor.
1876 Reserve Maduro,4 out of 5,"Good cigar, good price","A good cigar for that price, it doesn't burn very well but for that price I'm amazed"
1876 Reserve Maduro,4 out of 5,1876 Reserve Maduro a great smoke,"This is a good short smoke that is mellow and smooth. Just right with a cup of coffee, glass of wine or a good scotch."
1876 Reserve Maduro,5 out of 5,Good flavor Cigar,Very good flavor cigar. not strong smokes well.
1876 Reserve Maduro,4 out of 5,Good for the price,Good cigar for the price
1876 Reserve Maduro,5 out of 5,5 star in its price,5 star in its price range.
1876 Reserve Maduro,5 out of 5,good every day smoke!,good every day smoke!
1876 Reserve Maduro,5 out of 5,1876 Reserve Maduro Churchill,Good smoke to relax with Have others but I prefer this one
1876 Reserve Maduro,5 out of 5,A bit spicier than I,A bit spicier than I expected. Nice surprise. Very enjoyable.
1876 Reserve Maduro,5 out of 5,"Best cigar on the planet,","Best cigar on the planet, that’s because CI is the best cigar distributor, thanks for being there CI!"
1876 Reserve Maduro,4 out of 5,Great Smokes for the Money!,Great Smokes for the Money!
1876 Reserve Maduro,3 out of 5,good cigar for its price,Nice cigar that burns evenly and has a mild taste
1876 Reserve Maduro,4 out of 5,chuck's 3,I like these and will probably order more.
1876 Reserve Maduro,5 out of 5,"Very smooth, enjoyable smoke. Not","Very smooth, enjoyable smoke. Not heavy like most Maduros but with an even balance that doesn’t overwhelm. Pleasantly surprised. This will be one of my go to smokes"
1876 Reserve Maduro,5 out of 5,Maduro,"Great cigar, mild with no after taste"
1876 Reserve Maduro,4 out of 5,OK everyday cigar,OK everyday cigar
1876 Reserve Maduro,5 out of 5,Good smoke for the price!,Good smoke for the price!
1876 Reserve Maduro,4 out of 5,Cigars,Good cigar
1876 Reserve Maduro,4 out of 5,Great draw and smooth finish.,Great draw and smooth finish.
1876 Reserve Maduro,4 out of 5,brunch little one//,one word...great
1876 Reserve Maduro,5 out of 5,1876 reserve,excelent every day cigar
1876 Reserve Maduro,4 out of 5,Loose wrap,Nice QUICK smoke due to loose wrap. Flavorful and mild. Worth the coin
1876 Reserve Maduro,4 out of 5,Decent inexpensive cigar.,"Great for a daily smoke. Good draw, mild, very good presentation, overall good cigar for the price."
1876 Reserve Maduro,4 out of 5,I like these cigars!,Really good bang for the buck. Will definitely order again.
3x3 Tubos by Davidoff,4 out of 5,It's a true Cigar,"No.1 is the price point. This cigar is clean, enjoyable, and allows a true tobacco experience. Just can't go wrong here ;)"
3x3 Tubos by Davidoff,4 out of 5,Look cheap but got great taste,Mild flavor and burns steady - very nice. But the cigars don’t come with any label so they look cheap.
3x3 Tubos by Davidoff,5 out of 5,5-Star Budget Smoke,"I’m writing this after smoking about 5 ROTT, and...I like ‘em! A lot. I got them for a steal, and I’m definitely coming back for more. I’ve been looking for a shade wrapper for a morning smoke that edges a little more toward medium, and this one does. Some black pepper, lots of grass and sweet cream, all the good stuff. I’ve heard that these are rolled by Davidoff’s apprentice rollers, and I mostly can’t tell from construction. If I’m being critical, they are a LITTLE bit softer than I’d like, and because of that they smoke kind of quick. There is variation in the wrapper color. That’s about all of the cons, tho."
3x3 Tubos by Davidoff,5 out of 5,Can't beat it...,Davidoff Churchill for $3 a piece; I'll take that every time.
3x3 Tubos by Davidoff,4 out of 5,No disappointments!,Truly clean... pleasant... enjoyable cigar. Price point unmatched for pure tobacco flavor. Great golfing cigar or compliment to a stronger stick. No disappointments.
3x3 Tubos by Davidoff,4 out of 5,Good Buy,Good smoke.
3x3 Tubos by Davidoff,4 out of 5,All good some of the,All good some of the mes it a noche Had a bad draw
3x3 Tubos by Davidoff,5 out of 5,Super Value and Quality,"Love tubos for travel but these impressed my brother-in-law. Front porch laugh session, he comments on the beautiful cylinder of ash and the balance of medium flavor. For once I agreed with him."
3x3 Tubos by Davidoff,5 out of 5,Perfect cheap and mild.,"This is the mild smokers dream. No it does not have complex ANYTHING. It is just mild, end of day, Irish whiskey on a rock, easy draw, kind of stick. It does'nt change flavor. It does'nt bite my tongue half way with BOLDNESS. It's just mild, easy drawing, relaxing. If you need complex boldness with stiff bulldog draw and relighting at odd moments constantly? You won't like this. OH YEA it doesn't cost 10 bucs a stick either. I am writing this one handed with a 3x3 clenched between my teeth and a whiskey right now."
3x3 Tubos by Davidoff,3 out of 5,Not much flavor,Not much flavor
3x3 Tubos by Davidoff,5 out of 5,Marc,Fantastic cigar.
3x3 Tubos by Davidoff,4 out of 5,Nice Cigar,"Tried these for the first time, and was not disappointed, they are a nice mild cigar with enough body to sit back and enjoy. Great for sitting on the deck and doing some grilling!"
3x3 Tubos by Davidoff,5 out of 5,GREAT CIGAR but even GREATER PRICE.,what a great tasting cigar for an even better price. i had always 'wanted' to smoke a DAVIDOFF but could not really afford to buy one. will definitely buy these again. THANK YOU C.I. for making this DAVIDOFF soooooooooooooo affordable.
3x3 Tubos by Davidoff,5 out of 5,This guy is tubo happy.,"Very, very pleased with the tubos. The cigar is better than I expected and worth every penny. Unexpectedly, they stay lit even when put down to make a shot on the golf course. My preference is mild to medium and these are exactly what I like.
I'll buy more."
3x3 Tubos by Davidoff,5 out of 5,Top notch cigar,Top notch cigar
3x3 Tubos by Davidoff,4 out of 5,Good for he price,Good cigar for the price
5 Vegas Big Five,4 out of 5,Good,Good
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,Vegas big five,"I enjoy the smooth flavor of the Vegas big five Robusto it’s sweetness is just one of the many
reason why the big five has become one of my favorite cigars"
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,Big & bold.,Big & bold.
5 Vegas Big Five,4 out of 5,nice purchase,good value for size. easy draw and a quick smoke
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,5 Vegas Big Five,Enjoyed this cigar. Good burn and flavor.
5 Vegas Big Five,4 out of 5,Good smoke for two bucks.,Good smoke for two bucks. Good size ring gauge . Long lasting smoke.
5 Vegas Big Five,3 out of 5,Tight draw,"Tastes good mild/medium, burn slow and even. The draw is extremely tight. I’ve smoked 3 out of five. I put the last 2 up for a little humidor time."
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,5 Vegas Big Five Toro,"Although I've only smoked one of them so far, I found them to be an excellent smoke. The construction was excellent. Had a nice full easy draw and burned evenly throughout the whole cigar. I also thought it had a full earthy, leathery taste which I thought what's good."
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,Good draw on these,Good draw on these
5 Vegas Big Five,4 out of 5,Smokes great,Great stick smokes well taste even better
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,Big 5,My go to favorite now.
5 Vegas Big Five,4 out of 5,Better than expected...,"Got these on a lark off of MMAO. Was pleasantly surprised what a nice tasting stick it was. Have not been a real big fan of 5 Vegas in the past, but these might change my mind.
There was a little bit of a contsruction issue. I pulled a pretty large stem out of the end, but other than that, a nice smooth, even burn."
5 Vegas Big Five,4 out of 5,Big 5 robusto,"I waited for an amazing deal from CI on these. As an avid smoker of 5 Vegas classic I had to try the new blend. Medium body, good cherry notes and consistent during the burn, holds an ash like a pro, burns cool also. The last 2” is where it changes and gets fuller, gets a bit hot at 1.5” but yummy good. 4 stars is a good rating for this one. You won’t be disappointed"
5 Vegas Big Five,4 out of 5,"Good cigar, although a bit","Good cigar, although a bit on the mild side. I do like the Gurkha Governor's 6x60 better."
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,Big 5,Awesome full flavored cigar
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,Amazing Smoke,"Amazing smoke!! Start to finish, just plan to spend some time with it!! Great flavor profile, nice burn, and went great with a couple fingers of your favorite pour."
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,Love them,Becoming a top 10 favorite!
5 Vegas Big Five,4 out of 5,5Vegas Big Five,Best 5 Vegas so far. Also like the large Guage torpedo option. Never had one quite that large
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,Always a good smoke.,Great cigar. CI has the best selection and prices.
5 Vegas Big Five,3 out of 5,Good,"As good as any 5 Vegas, but the tips are unraveling making you having to recut,
At times, but still a good stick"
5 Vegas Big Five,3 out of 5,A bit hard to draw,"The flavor was nice, my first experience with this cigar was good so I bought more. This time, three cigars into the ten pack, they seem a bit hard to draw from."
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,Great prices great cigars,Great price on a darn good cigar
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,Vegas 5 cigars,"Very smooth draw, a little big, wish it came in a smaller ring size. Make some time to smoke this one, but a great smoke like all Vegas 5 cigars."
5 Vegas Big Five,4 out of 5,Five Vegas torpedo,Enjoyed this cigar..good smoke..flavor was ok but not terrible..overall I'd probably get it again..good size
5 Vegas Big Five,4 out of 5,Vegas,Miss being to select from a variety of 5Vegas cigars. When are they coming in?
5 Vegas Big Five,3 out of 5,Doesn’t pull very well.,Doesn’t pull very well.
5 Vegas Big Five,4 out of 5,Strong flavor..,A strong flavor cigar.. not a mild cigar
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,Love the size and taste,Love the size and taste
5 Vegas Big Five,2 out of 5,Better luck next time,"I purchased 2 boxes, both boxes sticks where rolled to tight. Very hard to smoke. Not much depth, very boring. I’ll never buy these again."
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,5 Vegas,Great cigar
5 Vegas Big Five,1 out of 5,Horribly tough draw!,Received this cigar as part of my haul from Cigar Fest. This was the tightest packed cigar I’ve ever smoked. An absolute brick. Gave myself a headache trying to get a decent draw. Gave up halfway. Maybe I just got a bad batch.
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,5 Vegas is the best!,Always a great smoke!!! All of em'!!!!!
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,Awesome,Awesome
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,5 Vegas Big Five - Big Taste,Deep rich flavor at an affordable price.
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,Best stick I've tried from 5 Vegas,Bought this on sale when they were released. I was surprised that these are this good. Better than the box of 5 Vegas gold or classics. More robust and flavorful in a good way.
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,Great cigars,Great cigars everything thing from really good cigars to everyday smokes at great prices
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,the big5 is the big tasty,very good small gigar with great flavors and a decent draw
5 Vegas Big Five,3 out of 5,Okay,Not the best smoke by 5 Vegas.
5 Vegas Big Five,2 out of 5,Excitement to disappointment,"I was very excited to get these cigars. I have now smoked 5 of them and really like the taste. They smoke nice and even. But, 4 of the 5 have came unwrapped while I have been smoking them. I keep my humidor between 71-73. They have all seemed dry and brittle. I am very disappointied, as I am a big fan of Vegas Cigars. Maybe I just got a bad batch. Curious to watch future reviews."
5 Vegas Big Five,2 out of 5,Poor Condition,I bought a box of these which came with another bundle of 10 for an up charge. The bundled cigars are so dried out that as soon as one is lit the wrapper cracks completely down the side and peels. I don't know what the condition of the boxed cigars are as I haven't opened them yet. Ordered these before and really enjoyed them. Not sure I would take a chance again.
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,I have bought over 280,I have bought over 280 different cigars from you. The Big 5 is now on my top 10 !! XXXOOO
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,Big Vega 5 Torpedo,"Great cigar, good burning, flavorful and a gret smoke. Definitely will buy again!"
5 Vegas Big Five,2 out of 5,No good,"Very disappointed with this series. I was like a kid in a candy shop when I saw these and ordered 40 because of the quality I’ve always gotten. Well unfortunately these are horrible. Had them in a humidor for 2 months now and the only way I can get the to burn is to toss them into a fire pit. All were dry, hard and no matter how hard I try no draw. Wrappers fell off as soon as they were taken from the humidor as well."
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,Nice cigar for the price,CI doubled the amount of cigars for $5 making this a super great deal. Even without the deal I will purchase more. One of the best Vegas cigars produced!
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,5 Vegas Big Five,Nice construction and full/medium bodied flavor. I like these fire plugs.
5 Vegas Big Five,2 out of 5,vegas 5 big 5,"slightly disappointed w/ this stick. first im a huge fan of the vegas 5 brand. so when i purchased these i had high expectations. let them sit in humidor for 2 weeks,and first smoke seem really dry. let them sit 1 month. and not so dry but now didnt like the flavor. oh well . probally wouldnt buy these again."
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,"Went through 10, please sir, can I have some more.","I have been a fan of the 5 Vegas line for many years, but it seemed like they were basically getting set in their ways. I will have to say first off that I am normally not a fan of the large ring gauges, however this one was a little different. The construction was very good, no issues with the wrappers, binders, or filler at all. I even cut one way to close to the cap after having a drink or two and had no issues smoking it. The flavors as very good. It is a bold earthy flavor, with notes of cedar, and a black pepper on the finish. Excellent smoke output and burn, which surprised me because I normally do not have luck with the larger ring gauges. I will definitely be purchasing these sticks again."
5 Vegas Big Five,4 out of 5,5 Vegas comes through again,"Flavorful, well constructed cigar as you would expect from makers of Classic, Series A and High Primings. Get them now with the excellent intro offer."
5 Vegas Big Five,5 out of 5,Awesome Smoke,These were so good I ordered more.
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,4 out of 5,Nice,Smooth easy pull
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,Always room in my humidor for these,"I’ve smoked a box of these over the past year and they are fantastic. Every single one... Great construction, burn, with ample smoke output. The flavor profile of spices, pepper, nuts, and cocoa is sublime. A really great balance. I absolutely love the reddish hue of the corojo wrapper. You cannot go wrong with these for the price."
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,4 out of 5,5 Vegas Cask-Strength,Excigarcellent smooth
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,Very good,"These are very good, full flavored cigars."
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,Consistent quality,"For years I’ve smoked these and have yet not had a single badly-rolled example. Full, smooth flavor, even burn."
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,Digger,OUTSTANDING!
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,4 out of 5,5 Vegas,Good good smoke
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,4 out of 5,cigar review,a good cigar to smoke
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,4 out of 5,"Good cigar, full strength. Will","Good cigar, full strength. Will buy again"
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,Classic,One of my all time favorites.
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,good stuff,good stuff
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,Delicious as always,Can never go wrong with Cinco Vegas
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,Cask,This is definitely my favorite Cigar by 5 Vegas. They have a couple in their arsenal but not usually what I'm looking for. This one hits the spot every time. They came fast and fresh! Thanks guys!
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,4 out of 5,Good Quality,I enjoyed the smoke . No issues. Usual quality from Vegas 5!
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,4 out of 5,Good smoke,"Draws nice, easy smoke!"
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,Great cigar for the price,Great cigar for the price & fast delivery. Good job folks
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,5 vegas,Superb cigar. My favorite.
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,Great cigar!!! Each one better,Great cigar!!! Each one better than the last.
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,4 out of 5,Vegas,Good smoke mild medium bodied. Enjoyed it to its end
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,A Great Deal on a Great Cigar,"These treats are very similar to, but MUCH better than, CAO Flatheads. At a nice low price. They are full bodied and well crafted creating a wonderful experience from your first puff to a nub you will not want to put down."
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,it a really cigar,it a really cigar
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,5 Vegas Cast strength,My favorite cigar.
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,3 out of 5,A solid smoke,"Good, not great, but good smoke. I have purchased on special several times and will do so again. 5 Vegas is a consistently good product."
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,Great cigars,Mild. Great taste.
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,Vegas,Great daily smoke
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,4 out of 5,well made cigar,"I got Joe's deal 10 pack and am sad to see they are almost gone. nice thick wrapper, tightly wrapped requiring a pretty good draw, even burn. as the name implies, the flavor is bold, intensifying toward the nub."
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,Cask review,I have had these before and forgot just how good they are. That was a great price to get 10 if them. Thanks CI.
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,smooth and tasty,smooth and tasty
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,5 Vegas,"Smooth & mellow cigar, one of my favorites."
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,4 out of 5,Nice,Strong but not over the top. Slow burner. Rich flavor and nice nicotine amount. A great speacial accasion stick for people who are used to the kick. Not a beginner stick. No relights. Strong Ash. A little uneven on the burn. The last third was magnificent.
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,4 out of 5,Great everyday Stick,A very tasty cigar especially for the price. Quality smoke.
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,Consistently an all around good cigar.,"The 5 Vega Cask cigar goes a consistently good flavor, well constructed, and always has a good draw. It is also one of the few cigars that have not become bored with smoking. All things considered, you can't go wrong with the 5 Vegas Cask Strength cigar!"
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,Very good cigar at a good price,The cigar smokes and burns well and it has a robust flavor that is not overpowering. I will buy this cigar again.
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,4 out of 5,vegas 5,good construction and draw.Full bodied smoke. Price was better than other smokes . Would buy again
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,5vegas,yummy
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,"Full, rich 5 Vegas","This is one of my favorite cigars. Full, rich flavor, always enjoyable."
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,4 out of 5,Worthy,"Nice change in the 5 Vegas lineup. Very well constructed, rolled tightly enough to last a good hour plus but still draw nicely. Flavor in not timid but fairly rich and meaty but not overly complex. Comparable to many cigars costing much more, I think these will be on my watch list for good buying opportunities."
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,5 Vegas,"These stogies are just what you want after all those ""Honey Do"" jobs around the house. They pair well with a glass of your favorite spirit."
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"Great cigar, well made, burns even, easy draw, stays lit."
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,2 out of 5,Only OK.,"Have smoked other stocks from 5 Vegas, and I've never been impressed , this one doesn't either. I don't think I'll need to try anymore"
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,Thumbs up,"The cigar was a pleasant surprise. I have never been a 5 Vegas fan. Always felt they were good cigars but not great. This one truly surprised me. Very smooth, full flavored and long burning."
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,Love 5 Vegas cask strength cigars,5 Vegas cigars in general are a great smoke. I especially enjoy the 5 Vegas Cask Strength with the 5 Vegas Maimi close behind.
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,4 out of 5,Good strong stick.,"This is another good smoke in the 5 Vegas line, my favorite being the Serie A. its a good slow smoke lasts for at least an hour and has a rich flavor that I love to indulge in. it starts out a little rough for some but levels off as you smoke. the only downside to this was the box press, I am not a big fan of square-ish cigars, but sometimes that's all you can get."
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,4 out of 5,Vega,Rick deep flavor
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,High Quality Cigar,"I have smoke two of these cigars, one right off the truck and another after one week of humidor time and both cigars were fantastic.
The draw was perfect with only a slight amount of resistance, the soft box press feels very comfortable, and the smoke output is phenomenal. The body and strenght are medium - medium/full with deep sweet and spicy flavors. These are an incredible value when they are on sale."
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,4 out of 5,Great cigar all the way,Great cigar all the way up to the band smooth and not too strong even burn I would buy it again
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,nice and strong,great taste great draw very satisfing
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,5 out of 5,Absolute Favorite,"I was introduced to 5 Vegas about 20 years ago by a guy that was rolling these cigars at an event at Islamorado, FL. I fell in love with the brand and have bought a great many over the years. But the Cask Strength is a cut above all their other products. A quality smoke at a very affordable price. You can't go wrong!!!"
5 Vegas Cask-Strength,4 out of 5,Vegas at home,I was happy to put one of these on rotation for the evening cigar and found they satisfy. I enjoyed the flavor and the burn rate.
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Great Cigar
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,GREAT CIGARS!!,GREAT CIGARS!!
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,My Reveiws on Vegas Classic Corona Cigar,"The Vegas Classic Corona is a great Cigar for me. It helps me cut down on my Cigar Useage, Very smooth."
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,Go ahead and buy a box.,"My favorite cigar in the Vegas line, and a well rounded smoke and a great value. Really can't go wrong with these, big, layered flavors, nice burn line, good ash hold. Tasty!"
5 Vegas Classic,4 out of 5,"also very good, but not","also very good, but not as consistent as the oliva"
5 Vegas Classic,4 out of 5,customer,Possibly a 91. One of your better stock. Be nice if you had a 60 ring though!
5 Vegas Classic,4 out of 5,Good smokes for a great,Good smokes for a great price
5 Vegas Classic,4 out of 5,Vive la différence!,"A first rate smoke. The only reason I'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5, is because of personal preference (4 and a half would be my actual rating if it were available). It is indeed a medium strength cigar, however, also has a slightly rough edge, especially through the nose. This is not necessarily a unappealing quality. I LIKE it a little ""rough"", but for me the 5 Vegas Classic is a smoke for particular mood. It's first rate, but not always my first choice. No matter--vive la différence!"
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,cigar,da best...
5 Vegas Classic,3 out of 5,Middle of the road ...,"Some are quite good, while others are subpar ... so average as shown!"
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,My besty,These are a great everyday cigar. Always consistent in burn and flavor.
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,excellent!,excellent!
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,Smooth and mild,A good cigar for the money. I normally buy smaller sizes but the 60 ring was just fine.
5 Vegas Classic,4 out of 5,"My daily , affordable pleasure","My daily , affordable pleasure"
5 Vegas Classic,3 out of 5,Inconsistent,Inconsistent
5 Vegas Classic,4 out of 5,Good,Good. No canoeing. Lots of smoke. Smooth draw and good flavor.
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,great smoke,all 5 Vegas cigars I purchased were good... I will keep ordering more....
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,Great Everyday Smoke,"This cigar is just a great cigar, well made, great smoke. Recommend this cigar for any occasion."
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,5 Vegas 5 star torpedo,"My current box did not disappoint. The classic is medium in body and smooth start to finish. I always keep a few in my humidor, great with coffee in the morning. I really enjoy the 5 Vegas torpedo sampler as well. It includes all of my favorites and I can switch it up daily so I don't get bored with one blend. Keep up the great work at C.I. !!"
5 Vegas Classic,4 out of 5,Overall good smoke,Overall good smoke
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,I like the cigar it’s,I like the cigar it’s a good go to for working around the yard and playing a round of golf one draw back it seems to be out of stock alot
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,cigar,the best.
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,"VEGA CLASSIC, OH YES!!","THIS STICK CERTAINLY DESERVING OF ITS (90) CRISP, EXCELLENT AND VERY
SMOOTH SMOKE. WILL CONTINE TO ALWAYS KEEP
A FEW ON THE READY
GOOD JOB. 5.VEGA 💥"
5 Vegas Classic,4 out of 5,Great cigar,Nice aroma
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,cigar,da best....
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,Yes,Great cigar!
5 Vegas Classic,4 out of 5,5 Vegas best size,Smooth yet spicy
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,Nice cigar!,"Great smoke, even burn. Nice daily cigar for the price. I will reorder when on sale."
5 Vegas Classic,3 out of 5,Just OK,Just OK
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,Best value you can find,"These cigars are surprisingly good for the price. Well-made, medium strength, very nice aroma from the Sumatra wrapper. What's not to like?"
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,cigar,very good
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,cigar,v good...
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,5 VEGAS CLASSIC CORONA,"Rich flavor, smooth smoke, and definitely a keeper for our humidor."
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,cigar,a number one.....
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,nice,nice
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,My everyday cigar.,"I smoke 2 to 4 cigars a day and for years now it is extremely hard to find a cigar that matches the quality vs. price of the 5 Vegas brand. I smoke Don Pepins, Romeo's, Padron's, etc. occasionally but the 5 Vegas the most."
5 Vegas Classic,4 out of 5,Big fan of 5 Vegas,Big fan of 5 Vegas classic cigars
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,5 vegas classic churchill,Smooth tasting great burn.
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,One of my favorites. It,One of my favorites. It is my go to cigar.
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,Consistently consistent,I am constantly saying how consistently consistent these smokes are! Best value in a cigar! Medium but very flavorful and satisfying.
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,outstanding,outstanding
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,excellent cigar at any price,excellent cigar at any price
5 Vegas Classic,4 out of 5,"Smooth, a great morning cigar","Smooth, a great morning cigar"
5 Vegas Classic,4 out of 5,I’ve had these before but,I’ve had these before but only after they’re in the humidor for a little while. They get better with age.
5 Vegas Classic,4 out of 5,This is a good Gigar,I tried the 5 Vegas gold when my order came in I was disappointed when I opened the box I had ordered the wrong ring size. Decided to give them a try. I wasn't disappointed anymore. I like the taste of these. I will order the 5 Vegas gold again next time the 50 ring size.
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,5 vegas,always a great cigar
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,nice smoke!!,I'm a fan I have been smoking Vegas line for years now
5 Vegas Classic,4 out of 5,Very Nice,"Nice flavors , but not too harsh. A good cigar for anytime of the day."
5 Vegas Classic,5 out of 5,Perfect flavor,"I usually get my husband the 5 Vegas gold series cigars, but decided to the classic series. He keeps raving about the flavor, and the smell and taste! They must really be great!"
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,Great customer service,Got 10 of the cigars. 5 were damaged. No problem they 2 day shipped me replacements. That’s service!
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,Love These Cigars,"Smooth and mellow. For me, they been crowd pleasers and a great golf course cigar."
5 Vegas Gold,4 out of 5,OK.,OK.
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,This is easily my favorite,This is easily my favorite Vegas
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,Great smoke,If you like Nubs you will love these.
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,5 Vegas never disappoints! Always,5 Vegas never disappoints! Always a good cigar
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,An old friend....,It has been quite awhile since I first fired this stick. The blend and taste is just as I remembered it. The CI profile is spot on. You will not go wrong for the price and quality.
5 Vegas Gold,4 out of 5,5 Vegas,"These cigars are good, with a reasonable price."
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,👍🏻,👍🏻
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,"Very good, top 10 mild/mellow","Very good, top 10 mild/mellow cigar a must for your humidor"
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,5 vegas,"Great deal, on a great cigar"
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,As good as GOLD,Great mellow smoke
5 Vegas Gold,4 out of 5,Good I'll try again,Good I'll try again
5 Vegas Gold,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Enjoy them but not for everyday.
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,Keep In Stock,"Great every day cigar, but always out of stock."
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,5 vegas,These are a bit stronger than I like but I like them.
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,Great price,Great price
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,% Vegas,"Great cigar, very mild and smooth, my choice for an everyday smoke."
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,9 holes of golf cigar,"This slow, even burning cigar lasts for a full 9 holes of golf."
5 Vegas Gold,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Medium cigar but good
5 Vegas Gold,3 out of 5,Mediocre,Not that bad of a cigar
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,5 Vegas Gold Robusto,"I used to 5 Vegas Gold Robusto
when they very first come out and i smoke and very well"
5 Vegas Gold,4 out of 5,Nice taste,Nice taste
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,Better then their price,A better stick then their price is but two sticks where damaged.
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,Mildly smooth with an excellent,Mildly smooth with an excellent draw
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,Great Smoke!,One of my Favorites! A nice mild and mellow smoke while out playing a round of golf
5 Vegas Gold,4 out of 5,This is the only 5 Vegas worth buying,This is a well made good strong tasting stick. I have had all the flavors from the sampler and the gold was the only one worth smoking.
5 Vegas Gold,3 out of 5,ok,its ok
5 Vegas Gold,4 out of 5,nice mellow Cigar,nice mellow cigar even burn pretty good taste
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,Mike,I think its a well made cigar (mild) that won't make your mouth burn half way thru the cigar.
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,perfect starting stick!,Perfect nightcap light cigar before bed. If you are new to cigars this is a great starting stick. ENJOY!
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,Always a good smoke,the 5 Vegas is consistently a smooth cigar with nice ash and a light smoke. Good for any time of the day
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,Nice,Very nice smoke
5 Vegas Gold,3 out of 5,"Not bad, but I'm not a fan",The first third was a good smoke. I didn't enjoy it once it got to the 2/3. It was a little bitter. It did stay lit and it was a nice pull.
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,GREAT CIGAR,great cigar
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,best,best of best how about some deals
5 Vegas Gold,4 out of 5,5 Vegas Gold,5 Vegas Gold
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,Great budget friendly cigar,Just tried one of these tonight. I was impressed. Very tasty and enjoyable; good construction and burn. I’ll keep some of these on hand as a regular go-to smoke. Highly recommended and it won’t break the bank!
5 Vegas Gold,3 out of 5,Not too shabby for a mild.....,"Dry, flaky, had to relight after leaving it for less than 30 seconds. Weird for a 5 Vegas Gold. Great flavor, even burn, draw seemed to take forever at times. Left in humidor at 71 for a month before smoking. Not sure if that had something to do with it? Overall this is a great cigar for the $$. Got these in a sampler so it’s not my every day smoke. I’m a Diamond Crown and A. Fuente smoker but these are great mild cigars!!"
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,My favorite Go To cigar.,"I've been smoking cigars for about 20 years. This is my ""go to"" golf and fishing cigar. Mild, flavorful, smooth draw, consistent burn and never harsh. And I like heavy-bodied maduro cigars also, but this is still my fave! Smoking the 5 Vegas Gold Toro for over 10 years and have never been disappointed. Love 'em! Even my cigarette smoking friends like 'em! Whenever I go on a golf or fishing trip, I make sure to order some before I go. My life would be sad without them. I'm sure there may have been some duds but I've never experienced any. Always good construction and consistent flavor."
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,Great cigar. Firm an,Great cigar. Firm an
5 Vegas Gold,4 out of 5,Smooth,"Smooth, mellow smoke, just like the full size 5 Vegas Gold. My only suggestion would be to put a smaller band on it, as the current band takes up half the cigar."
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,"Taste, burn, ash. All very","Taste, burn, ash. All very good. I like this cigar."
5 Vegas Gold,3 out of 5,"Ok, for the price but better at this price range.","Its a decent mild to medium cigar. Not exciting, no real standout characteristics. A little sour at the start but comes around a bit. Not the best connecticut at this price range. But not terrible either."
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,Awesome cigar.,Awesome cigar.
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,5 vegas gold,I have been buying these for myself and others for years. all of us smoke them on golf course
5 Vegas Gold,4 out of 5,Good cigars,Good cigars
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,Always realiable,These are my go to cigar never a problem with construction or taste.
5 Vegas Gold,4 out of 5,I like them good value,I like them good value
5 Vegas Gold,5 out of 5,"Nice, smooth medium cigar",Husband loves these so I get them! He says they are nice and mellow.
5 Vegas Gold Anniversary,5 out of 5,"Smooth, mild, ideal for relaxing","Smooth, mild, ideal for relaxing from pressures in life."
5 Vegas Gold Anniversary,5 out of 5,perfect for sunday afternoon,"super smooth, perfect draw, even burn, creamy a little bit"
5 Vegas Gold Anniversary,4 out of 5,Great burn and construction,"Smooth even burn. I had one today and enjoyed it. Mostly had notes of hay, pepper and cedar. It tasted slightly young and I believe a few more months in the humidor and those young flavors will disappear."
5 Vegas Limitada 2019,5 out of 5,5 Vegas Limitada 2019 Toro is a great medium bodied cigar,"Excellent construction, medium body, good burn and draw, with a pleasant aroma. It's a great medium bodied cigar that experienced smokers and novices can enjoy. Recommended..!"
5 Vegas Limitada 2019,5 out of 5,Awesome stick!! Will be buying,Awesome stick!! Will be buying more!!
5 Vegas Limitada 2019,5 out of 5,Was really surprised!,"My order arrived very timely considering vovid delays. The cigars were rested for almost 2 weeks and as usual, 5 Vega did not disappoint. Loved h
the flavors, well made cigar."
5 Vegas Limitada 2019,4 out of 5,Good smooth smoke,Good smooth smoke
5 Vegas Limitada 2019,5 out of 5,excellent cigar,"I got these in the "" Coming to America Mega sampler"". A delicious well-constructed , great-burning cigar. As the description says , it's a limited offering ( unfortunately ) , so , get 'em while they're still available !"
5 Vegas Limitada 2020,4 out of 5,5 Vegas unlimited,Good cigar burns very nice!! Last awhile smoked it down to the nub!! Especially good WITH single malt scotch!! And cold beer !!!
5 Vegas Limitada 2020,3 out of 5,first time,cigar was ok too high priced perhaps they could save money on the box.
5 Vegas Limitada 2020,5 out of 5,Another hit from 5 Vegas,"Excellent cigar for the price. Well constructed, easy draw, tons of smoke output with a razor burn. Plus the flavor is all espresso, cocoa, nuts, and some spice. Need to buy a box of these ASAP."
5 Vegas Series A,4 out of 5,"A consistent, enjoyable smoke","A consistently smooth, slow, even burn; flavorful and aromatic. I like to try different brands and blends, but 5 Vegas Series A are my go-to cigars for an enjoyable evening smoke on my porch."
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,Long time favorite,I'm probably shooting myself in the foot here but this cigar has been consistently excellent for several years now. Only 5 plus inches but a nice 45 minute smoke with quality throughout.
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,Can’t be beat for the price.,"Always solid construction, burn, and flavor. I’ve smoked lots of these and everyone has been quality for the price. Each one I can smoke down to the nun without any issues. Occasional touch up, but beyond that they are great everyday. Winner every time."
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,very good cigars,very good cigars
5 Vegas Series A,4 out of 5,The first 5 Vegas I,The first 5 Vegas I have enjoyed
5 Vegas Series A,4 out of 5,Best at half way,I'm not normally a full flavor cigar smoker but I do have a few in my humidors. This cigar I got in a fathers day deal with a free humidor it was strong at first and mellowed out at half way the flavor came through at that time and was great the rest of the way.
5 Vegas Series A,4 out of 5,very good,very good
5 Vegas Series A,3 out of 5,review for single atomic from sampler,"mine burned unevenly. it was a poorly constructed cigar. the gurkha is a way better construction. the flavor was good, however, and after relighting it on the side that needed fire, it burned ok until the end"
5 Vegas Series A,3 out of 5,Have not tried the rest,Have not tried the rest yet.
5 Vegas Series A,3 out of 5,"They are okay, not the","They are okay, not the best"
5 Vegas Series A,4 out of 5,Box pressed 5 Vegas Series A,"I am a huge fan of the Series A. I normally don't purchase box pressed cigars, but the deal was too good to pass up. Have had issues with a couple of the wrappers, but the smoke is still wonderful."
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,One of my favorites,Great burn full of Flavor
5 Vegas Series A,3 out of 5,Thank you CI,Thank you CI
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,Winner,Excellent even burn. Rich In flavor long even ash
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,Love these puppies always!!,ALWAYS enjoy these and to the devil with people who say otherwise!
5 Vegas Series A,4 out of 5,Nice,Good Cigar
5 Vegas Series A,4 out of 5,Nice smoke,"Good cigar ,nice burn and dam flavorful."
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,Great value,Boxed pressed & consistent structure get these on sale and you have my attention again
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,5 Vegas series A,"The 5 Vegas Series A apotheosis has been a go to smoke in my humi for a number of years. Consistently rich, well constructed and easy on the wallet. Can’t remember having one dog in my 100’s of tries."
5 Vegas Series A,3 out of 5,Good stick ample smoke flavor,Good stick ample smoke flavor is well defined. The burn could be better. Give plenty of time to acclimate after shipping
5 Vegas Series A,4 out of 5,"Mild smoke , good draw.","Mild smoke , good draw. Good every day smoke."
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,5 Vegas Series A,If you enjoy a Maduro this is a great deal. I prefer somethin a little less full bodied. But overall a really great smoke.
5 Vegas Series A,4 out of 5,good cigar,good cigar
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,"Smooth, even burn","Smooth, even burn"
5 Vegas Series A,4 out of 5,Great Bomb,"I’d give it 5 stars but it was too short, didn’t want it to get to the end.
Starts spicy, mellows to a chocolate but still gaining strength... culminated to a great finish of cinnamon and black licorice. Loved it🤘🏼"
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,Five star,One of my favorites. Great flavor and nice long burn.
5 Vegas Series A,4 out of 5,Great series,These are great! Nice and smooth.
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,A rich tasting cigar,"I love these cigars. Medium strength evolving into a full rich tasting cigar. I love these cigars! Along with a rich tobacco taste, the aromatic smoke is lovely as well. Always burns even for me!"
5 Vegas Series A,4 out of 5,Nice treat,"This is a nice upgraded over the every day smoke, always look forward to it."
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,My go to,"Dont think about it and just buy ,,guaranty you won't be disappointed"
5 Vegas Series A,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,"Do yourself a favor, grab a few packs!!!!","Finally got around to smoking one of these that’s been hiding in the bottom of my humidor for around 6 years. Draw is tight but still perfectly smokable. Amazing notes of cocoa, nice tight burn lines, hint of leather on the tongue. Plumes of delicious smoke. Wrapper black as night on the ocean. Definitely ordering more of these....except they will certainly get smoked before waiting years!!!!"
5 Vegas Series A,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Old favorites
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,"6 x 58 whopper, Want to sit and relax for 1 & 1/2 to 2 hours, this is a great deal. very solid construction, great flavor, only negative is the draw is a bit stiff. Price was right on MMAO. Thanks"
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,good cigar,"Great smoke, even burn and great taste,"
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,"5 Vegas, 5 Stars...","5 Vegas, 5 Stars. This is an inexpensive, Medium-bodied smoke with characters you would expect in a more expensive cigar. Shows what being around for a long time get's you... I'm seeing this stick in many of the samplers featured here at CI. Says something about this cigars popularity! CI is great for their samplers, and I buy them more than single boxes of smokes. Gives you a chance to try so many different ones, usually at a great price. Try them with no guilt and save yourself a few bucks along the way..."
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,Like all 5 VEGAS A,"Like all 5 VEGAS A cigars , THEY ARE GREAT!"
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,Pleasant sticks great value,"I've had a few different 5 Vegas coasters in the past. These quickly went on my ""go to"" list for a value cigar with high quality. Each stick burned evenly all the way through. Flavor was smooth and wasn't too peppery (I do like bold cigars). I'll be getting them again soon."
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,Favorite Maduro !,"Hadn't smoked one in a while,but jumped at a fantastic price on the daily deal.Quickly remembered why there were some fond memories.A top notch maduro with just the right touch of sweetness.Perfect draw and consistant medium-full strength all the way.Cedar wrap added to the appearance and added to the flavour."
5 Vegas Series A,4 out of 5,5 Vegas Winner,"5Vegas has always been a good, reliable cigar at a great price. Dark, oily wrapper, light tooth and minimal veins. This is definite winner on all levels... Light chocolate notes with a earthy, cedary finish that is sure to please ALL TASTE. You cannot go wrong with this stick! Enjoy each puff. The tight draw is the only set-back for this smoke... Enjoy."
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,Delicious Cigars,"good quality, nice and delicious cigars. thanks."
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,"I love them, but after","I love them, but after I received them, the price when up"
5 Vegas Series A,4 out of 5,Not bad for the price.,Not bad for the price. Great golf cigar.
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,I'm enjoying them,I'm enjoying them
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,Only ones I buy.,My favorite for the price. Only ones better. Punch.
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,5 Vegas A,"Good flavor, tight wrap, very enjoyable cigar. Have shared a few with good reviews from friends, are looking to get some of their own. will definitely purchase again."
5 Vegas Series A,5 out of 5,I like them…,I like them as they represent a good stogie at a good price!
5 Vegas Series A,4 out of 5,Good full bodied smoke,"Good cigar, dark, rich, tasty. Most burned well. A couple needed some tending to burn straight."
5 Vegas Series A,4 out of 5,All the A’s,"Stopped bouncing from cigar to cigar and the A series, all length and rings!"
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,Amazing Cigar,"If you are a fan of 5 Vegas, you have to try this amazing cigar!! Ships fast and always fresh."
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,5 Vegas Tripple A = A+,I received these Tripple A's in a 20 Stick Sampler. They are outstanding! They get very smooth after warming up. These are now on my list of favorite bold Maduros.
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,Always a treat.,I love these. I don’t smoke them often. I try to keep a couple in my humidor
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,Perfect Maduro,"The cigar is so well-made, it has tremendous flavor, yet so smooth, it burns and draws perfectly from the first puff to the last."
5 Vegas Triple-A,3 out of 5,Good smoke,Enjoyed smooth easy on palate
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,5 Vegas Triple A,"I smoke a lot of cigars, many different brands, usually purchase samplers because I like a lot of diversity in my smokes. AAA's are one of the few brands that I actually buy by the box."
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,Very good,"Very good cigar, I do not usually smoke them all the way to the end but these I had no problems with."
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,"Consistent, Tasty, and Reasonably Priced","I have smoked these quite a few years now and have found them to be very consistent. My opinion is that the 5 Vegas AAA is a very flavorful, aromatic, full bodied smoke that reaches the level of much higher priced cigars. If you prefer full bodied cigars, I'm sure you will take to these."
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,nice cigar!,"Very good construction, for a decent price. Had lots of Oak flavors."
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,Flavor stick start to stub,"One of my favorites. Solid tobacco flavor from the first Puff, running throughout the smoke. Good smoke and Ash. I stock up whenever there's opportunity for sale."
5 Vegas Triple-A,4 out of 5,5 Vegas OK,"Limited # sampled
Construction good
Strength it all there!
Even burn"
5 Vegas Triple-A,4 out of 5,Great Flavor,Great Flavor
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,Triple A,"Well made cigar, smooth and flavorful."
5 Vegas Triple-A,4 out of 5,Excellent cigar always around,Excellent cigar always around
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,Vegas 5,Great draw and flavorful
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,A new favorite,One of the best cigars I’ve had. Strongly recommend!
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,5 Vegas Triple A box press,Great deal on them. Real good smoke for sure. Full throttle. Smoked them while at work. Lasts a little more than an hour. I suggest buying a pipe to smoke the whole cigar! Great offer Cigar International!
5 Vegas Triple-A,3 out of 5,Just ok,"I've been smoking the non-box pressed version of this cigar since it's inception and have enjoyed multiple ten-packs and boxes over the years. They have been very consistent. Not sure if the blend is identical with just the box press added. The box-pressed version I won on auction was pretty dry and lifeless. The draw was a bit on the loose side and the burn was just ok. Maybe some more time in the cabinet will help. I'm willing to consider that the issue is one of poor handling prior to me receiving the cigars. That said, I thought I would try these as the price was competitive, but I would not purchase again unless I could be certain they would be in fine condition."
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,Always a great cigar.,Always a great cigar.
5 Vegas Triple-A,3 out of 5,Strong but lacking in complexity of flavor's,"Decently smooth,Nice strong tobacco flavor,but falls short being that it doesn't have any if at all evolution of complexities of flavors as it burns down."
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,Full body flavor with a,Full body flavor with a good draw and even burn - great cigar for the money
5 Vegas Triple-A,4 out of 5,Smoke’m if You Got em’.,I like these after sitting for awhile in the humidor.
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,Delicious,"Simply amazing, nice and smooth!!!"
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,5 Vegas cant beat it,"very good stick for the price... I have enjoyed these for over the past 2 years, and they wont break your budget so sharing them is that much easier too ... lol"
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,Best for the Value Option,"Great value, suprisingly rich and tasty. Good construction."
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,Full body cigar lover,"Great smooth flavor, Adequate even burn and not to strong for even my wife who loves full flavor cigars. This is our second purchase of this cigar our new found friend."
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,5 Vegas AAA,Good flavor all the way to the end
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,Good smke,The AAA from 5 Vegas is a good low to medium priced full flavor cigar. Thick and heavy.
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,"I have always enjoyed five Vegas cigars but this is clearly my favorite varietal of their brand. It has tons of flavor, is very well made, burns very evenly and has a great draw. I will always buy these and enjoy them thoroughly."
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,Good,Good
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,5 Vegas Triple A,Great cigar! Flavorful
5 Vegas Triple-A,4 out of 5,5 Vegas AAA,"They are very good , but like cask strenth better"
5 Vegas Triple-A,1 out of 5,not for me,too hot !
5 Vegas Triple-A,4 out of 5,very good smoke,"A little uneven burn, nice taste and easy draw. Just try to keep it under 70% because over that you'll be relighting too frequently"
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,Great!,Great!
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,Great cigar for the price,Great cigar for the price
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,Beautiful cigar,"I have always been a fan of five Vegas cigars and this one certainly does not disappoint. I’m also a huge fan of box pressed cigars and Madurai’s. The flavor is fantastic, the draw is great and it burns very evenly."
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,Bought for my dad for,Bought for my dad for father's day and took a couple for myself. I'm a novice so not sure my opinion matters. He liked them and so did I.
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,A strong smooth taste,A strong smooth taste
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,AAA,Great smokes!! Love them..
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,Not for those who like mild cigars,"Good taste, average burn. These will will knock you back if you are a novice. Great for the price I paid."
5 Vegas Triple-A,4 out of 5,"Good flavor, even burn, reasonable","Good flavor, even burn, reasonable price"
5 Vegas Triple-A,4 out of 5,Great smoke for price,"The triple A's are very tasty, have lots of notes of oak, espresso and dark chocolate. The tobacco is only 2nd Grade, not high-quality long-fillers you will get for $10+ smokes. But for the price right for a great smoke you can have daily and share with friends."
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,vegas triple aaa,great smoke only get them when on special wish i could make them an everyday item
5 Vegas Triple-A,3 out of 5,Not my favorite,"Overall I have no true complaints about this stick, it just wasn't my favorite. Good enough to smoke the ones that I have, but I probably would not purchase them again. The quality of the cigar was fine, no issues there."
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,5 vegas AAA,1 of my top 5 for intensity and richness. Bold yet not abrasive. Pairs well with a strong IPA. Just my style.
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,Helluva cigar.,Helluva cigar.
5 Vegas Triple-A,4 out of 5,Quality Cigar,This 5 Vegas is powerful. I liked the middle third best as the flavors revealed themselves. finish is strong. Hope you like it.
5 Vegas Triple-A,4 out of 5,great smoke,i really l9iked the draw. it also had a nice full taste to it
5 Vegas Triple-A,5 out of 5,"Series 'A', All the Way","Picked up several 5-packs of this series, various flavors. All excellent. One of my favorites. Showed up fresh. My only complaint is I can't figure out the code for which tip band goes with which version. Is there a key?"
601 Blue Label Maduro,5 out of 5,601 blue maduro prominente,"great cigar. easy draw. great flavors, and full body. all and all a great smoke. I would order them again."
601 Blue Label Maduro,5 out of 5,Razor Burn,Bought a box and let em rest in my humi for a month. I have smoked five so far and have been impressed. The burn is slow and razor sharp with espresso and almonds. First third to me was on the medium side ramping up to medium-full about the half way point. All in all a very pleasant cigar that I would definitely recommend.
601 Blue Label Maduro,5 out of 5,two thumbs up,"One of my favorite cigars, also like the green 601 too!"
601 Blue Label Maduro,5 out of 5,Very good stick,"Extremely good smoke
Very heavy but not harsh
Best to smoke slow
Very rewarding
Burns slow and clean"
601 Blue Label Maduro,5 out of 5,No better value for taste,Wonderful Madura in truest sense.
601 Blue Label Maduro,3 out of 5,Fair choice,Good cigar
601 Blue Label Maduro,5 out of 5,Good smoke,"One if my favorite cigars as of now. There are better cigars out there of coarse, but for the price this is very good every day smoke for those who like nice full body cigar. Its definitely one to try and keep a few in your arsenal.."
601 Blue Label Maduro,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
601 Blue Label Maduro,5 out of 5,Sold on 601,"Very solid blend. Great, rich flavors, even burn, perfect draw, no complaints. I’d love to keep at least a five pack on hand at all times. Got this in the sampler."
601 Blue Label Maduro,5 out of 5,Simply Excellent,Like most people I always have a nice variety of cigars in my humidor and I asure that I never let this one run low!
601 Blue Label Maduro,5 out of 5,601 blue,great cigars!!
601 Blue Label Maduro,4 out of 5,Worth the money,Nice smooth smoke. All around great cigar.
601 Blue Label Maduro,5 out of 5,Hard to beat,Delicious smooth strong smoke. Great draw and Burns well. Construction could be a bit better. But flavors are all you could want from a Maduro.
601 Blue Label Maduro,3 out of 5,601 maduro,Solid smoke strong from beginning to end..
601 Blue Label Maduro,5 out of 5,Very pleasant accident.,Stumbled on these a while back while bidding on anything I could find. Quickly became one of my favorites. Well built and tasty.
601 Blue Label Maduro,5 out of 5,601 Blue Box pressed maduro,Excellent....burned well great taste... very enjoyable.... now I need to try the Oscuro
601 Blue Label Maduro,5 out of 5,Awesome,This is an awesome cigar. My favorite affordable smoke..
601 Blue Label Maduro,5 out of 5,Perfect in every way,"Perfect Smoke.
Nothing else to even say!!!"
601 Blue Label Maduro,5 out of 5,One of the BEST!,"Had these Babies aging over the years and had one every now and then.
They are super top notch. I wonder if the older ones I have are close to those made today?
I sure hope they are. If so, they cannot be Beat!"
601 Blue Label Maduro,4 out of 5,Well Done,"A very smooth Maduro, no harshness whatsoever. Beautiful wrapper with a perfect box press. Not quite as much flavor as some of my favorite maduros, however the flavor is pleasant and smooth, again with no harshness. Chocolatey indeed and well worth the price. I don't keep many in my regular rotation, but this one earns a spot for sure."
601 Blue Label Maduro,5 out of 5,Great,"Great burn, and tons of flavor. In my top 5 ever."
601 Blue Label Maduro,5 out of 5,601 Blue Label box pressed maduro robusto,"This is one of my top 5 favorites.
Every time I have one, I wonder why I still bother to buy other samplers."
601 Blue Label Maduro,5 out of 5,Wow!,Wow! What an amazing smoke. This 601 Blue is top of the line. Will definitely be getting some more.
601 Blue Label Maduro,4 out of 5,"Not bad, not bad at all.","I tried the 601 Blue Box-Pressed Maduro Robusto on a recommendation.
It's a good stick though I am not sure I would buy them again. They lack in flavor from what I am used to smoking -- the Don Pepin Blue."
601 Blue Label Maduro,5 out of 5,One of my favorite sticks,Beautifully constructed and full flavored box pressed maduro. Wonderful spice with notes of creaminess and earth. Highly recommend for smokers who love a quality smoke. Smoke em if you got em...enjoy
601 Blue Label Maduro,5 out of 5,Hershey's!,"Delicious cigar! Can you spell; choc-o-laty""?"
601 Green Oscuro,5 out of 5,Awesome smoke,Awesome smoke
601 Green Oscuro,5 out of 5,"Excellent cigar, rich with flavor","Excellent cigar, rich with flavor and long burning."
601 Green Oscuro,5 out of 5,EXCELLENT CIGAR,Simply a great cigar. Lots of smoke comes from this little gem. Try it with a morning cup of coffee and I am sure you will be pleased. Shot right to my top list of cigars.
601 Green Oscuro,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar. You can't go wrong with this one or the Blue.
601 Green Oscuro,3 out of 5,A well constructed cigar. Feels,A well constructed cigar. Feels great in your hand. Initial pre-cut pepper from the wrapper. As the cigar develops you get some nice balanced flavors of earth and leather and sweetness. It's a full but not overpowering cigar.
601 Green Oscuro,4 out of 5,Might be perfection,"I am hoping these will mellow in my humidor. These are great but a little too strong of flavor for me. Nothing negative to report, love this cigar."
601 Green Oscuro,5 out of 5,Love um,One of the best for the money out there!
601 Green Oscuro,4 out of 5,Great Cigar!,"Had another one last night... Strength, body, earthy espresso... Excellent paired with a good bourbon!"
601 Green Oscuro,4 out of 5,Really nice smoke,Good draw good burn and nice smoke output with nice flavor
601 Green Oscuro,5 out of 5,Try it,Was looking at these for a few weeks and finally gave in and tried them. Nice and smooth with a great flavor
601 Green Oscuro,5 out of 5,Good,This is a great cigar and especially at the price I got them for. Would buy again and I have actually been looking to try some of the other ones within this line. Good medium to full blend that is just the right smoke for a quick break away from the computer or to just sit and enjoy the sun set. Whatever the occasion is this cigar won’t disappoint. Keep them lit everyone.
601 Green Oscuro,5 out of 5,great cigar!,"This is one of the best cigars I think for under $10. Nice Construction with a very firm white ash. A blast of spice up front, that Mellows out into a smooth tasting cigar. Had hints of coffee, spice, salt and faint hints of chocolate"
601 Green Oscuro,5 out of 5,"Yes, so much yes","From the sampler. From the first draw, fantastic flavors. Very impressed with this coffee and dessert stick."
601 Green Oscuro,5 out of 5,It doesn't get much better,"The Espinosa 601 Green Label is probably one of my favorite sticks. It's strong, but very smooth, so be careful. It does bite back !"
601 Green Oscuro,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,This most definitely a quality cigar mild to full body with plenty of complex qualities in flavor.
601 Green Oscuro,4 out of 5,Very Enjoyable,"I really enjoyed this cigar. After a couple of months of humidor time it turned out to be very mellow, but full of flavor."
601 Green Oscuro,5 out of 5,Still good!!,"I remember when these came out and were considered a powerhouse smoke. Maybe my palate has continued to develop, but--though still a tasty and well-made cigar--they don't seem to have as much ""oomph"" as I recall."
601 Green Oscuro,5 out of 5,Sweet & Spice...that's nice,"Solid construction, good draw, and has flavors of white pepper and chocolate. Medium in body with a touch of full results in a consistent cigar anytime of the day."
601 Green Oscuro,5 out of 5,Amazing Smoke!!!,This is an absolutely wonderful stick!!! Great draw and construction with tons of flavor. I just ordered another ten yesterday. One of my new go to smokes.
601 Green Oscuro,5 out of 5,Enjoyed!,First time I tried an Oscuro! I liked that they smoked evenly and not to strong! Good deal from CI!
601 Green Oscuro,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigars in excellent condition
601 Green Oscuro,5 out of 5,Awesome,My favorite smoke. I will always have these in my humidor.
601 Green Oscuro,5 out of 5,601,Awesome smoke! Good even burn throughout. Easy draw with a ton of flavor. Was gunna let em sit in the humidor for a while but couldn't wait to finish them off. Have another 5 pack on its way now .
601 Green Oscuro,5 out of 5,601 green,Great cigar
601 Green Oscuro,5 out of 5,Love me some 601's,"I've been smoking cigars for about 40 years, but the last 4 or 5 have been about discovering and appreciating the full bodied kind. I stumbled onto the 601 blend by accident, but it has now become my favorite, with the Green being my absolute favorite. My first experience with Mr. Green gave me the spins (like I had the first time I inhaled a Lucky). After that, I smoked the rest with patience and respect, and have to say now that the 601 Green is my # 1 stick. I think all of the 601's are worth trying, if you haven't tried them before. The blue, red, silver, and La Bomba are all excellent blends, and one of those might fit your taste better than the Green."
601 Green Oscuro,5 out of 5,601 Green Oscuro Tronco,Excellent full flavor smoke with smooth finish!
601 Green Oscuro,5 out of 5,Perfect in every way,"Unreal Perfect Smoke!!
YES, AGE THEM!!
Holy Cow!!"
601 Green Oscuro,5 out of 5,Aged is Awesome!!,"I have had a Box of these in a Humidor for years. About once a year I'll pull one out and Smoke it!
The taste and other Components are just Perfect!
I can't say if those 10 years ago are like today's but, the ones I have will melt in your Mouth.
Thank you!"
601 Green Oscuro,4 out of 5,Nice stick for rotation,"Got this one originally on my monthly order (what a great deal for expanding horizons) and I really liked it. Ordered another batch and confirmed this as a solid smoke that leaves nothing on the table. Consistent construction, full flavor from stem to stern with enough complexity to keep you interested. Would never be ashamed to offer one to a friend or my boss."
601 La Bomba,4 out of 5,"Good,strong cigar","601 Serie LaBomba Flash Bang,these are tasty cigars when properly aged.Most are tasty,slow burning,and fragrant.A few are ""green""and harsh and barely enjoyable.Make sure to let them rest a while and you'll be rewarded for your patience.Thanks.C.I.For great service."
601 La Bomba,4 out of 5,Very nice cigar,Very nice cigar
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,Flavor Bomba,"Like the entire line of 601 La Bomba, this size keeps the savory, earthy and spice notes coming along with some cocoa and coffee."
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,Smoking,Great cigar!
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,"Great everyday cigar, taste great,","Great everyday cigar, taste great, burn even, I can chew on them half the day while pouring concrete!"
601 La Bomba,4 out of 5,Napalm,"Great cigar, first one was split and exploded when lit, second one unraveled immediately after lighting, the rest will wait in the humidor for a while."
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,It's the bomb,I really enjoy the bold taste and have been buying the past few years
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,Great cigars,"One of my favorite smokes. The 7 gage by 7"" is a bit uncomfortable for me, but 6 by 6 is wonderful. Great if you like ligero."
601 La Bomba,4 out of 5,601,Good flavor but strong core.
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,GREAT PICK,"I really enjoyed this smoke ,Great Pick for the buck !"
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,Suprising,"Pack with a earthy/robust aroma, tightly wrap. Maintain its flavor throughout the smoke. Above average draw....I like it a lot"
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,Really Enjoyed them,Nice 60 R no bite... good even burn...will definitely order more
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,Excellent,"Great tasting medium to full taste, but full of ligero."
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,Not as strong as advertised,Not as strong as advertised but a really good flavor. Best 601 I've had yet
601 La Bomba,4 out of 5,Flash bang,"Repeat buys. Good mechanics, consistency, good draw. Nice bite not too strong, short and to the point. Almost an every dayer."
601 La Bomba,4 out of 5,Puff puff,Solid full body cigar- didn’t share with anyone 😃😆 nice with single malt burben
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,Great Smokes,a really well constructed tasty smoke that won't disappoint and at great price as well.
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,From the first draw to the last what a good Smoke. Powerful but smooth. I’m glad I tried them. I will buy more.
601 La Bomba,4 out of 5,excellent!,"great flavor, wonderful construction, a little to leathery near the finish but otherwise a fantastic full bodied smoke!"
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,Surprised,Smooth and mellow with intriguing toasted flavor
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,Good strong smoke!,"If you like powerful cigars, you’ll love these. Great with a single malt scotch."
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Strong yet smooth lots of flavor
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,Lalalalalalala bomba,"Great cigar. It's a strong one, but has a nice balance of flavors."
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,Pull the trigger,You can't beat this cigar for the price. Everyone I've given this cigar to has loved it. Great taste; low price. Win win!
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,Becoming a favorite,"Make me an offer was very very good to me for this great smoke.
Thanks so much !!!!"
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,Love the service,Love the service
601 La Bomba,4 out of 5,Excellent,Strong and i like strong but smooth as well. My favorite cigar for now. Perfect with a cup of coffee
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,FLASH!ANG! WOW!!!!!,"This La Bomba Beauty packs a punch!!!!! Delicious throughout and as full bodied as Jayne Mansfield. I just ordered 2 more boxes, can't wait for them to arrive. Absolutely one of my all time favorites. Well done 601!"
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,FLASH BANG BABY!!!!,"Great, strong flavorful tobacco at a great price. I'll always have these as a staple in my humidor, I'd recommend this to anyone who wants a good full body smoke Good stick, not for the person who does not appreciate a full bodied cigar. Definitely a palate wrecker in a great way!!!!!"
601 La Bomba,3 out of 5,They are a good Humidor filler,The are an ok stick; I was expecting more
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,601 Series,"This is a great smoke reminds me very much of a shorty diesel, great value and great flavor"
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,Flash Bang!!!,Great cigar!
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great vital at a great price
601 La Bomba,4 out of 5,It's an OK cigar.,I was expecting to be put through the roof with the disclaimer included in the box as an extremely strong cigar. I found it to be a decent smoke but not one I would call extreme. It's a good smoke
601 La Bomba,3 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
601 La Bomba,3 out of 5,Underimpressed,They were ok but I was not blown away like I expected.
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,padron 2000 maduro,excellent
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,A tasty morsel...,"A surprisingly smooth full-bodied smoke. Easy burn. Low maintenance in that when the stick was lit, it remained lit. Once my mouth and taste buds begin smiling, my face was not far behind.Enjoyable experience."
601 La Bomba,4 out of 5,Good Smoke,Nice smoke. Flavorful without being overbearing. Keep it in your rotation. Recommended buy.
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,Real BANG for your buck!!!!,One of my new favorite smokes. Full bodied with good peppery flavor.
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,Best smoke,I recommend this to anyone who wants a good full body smoke
601 La Bomba,4 out of 5,Strong cigar,"Good stick, not for the person who does not appreciate a full bodied cigar. Definitely a palate wrecker."
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,La Bomba Atom,"Great, strong flavorful tobacco at a great price. I'll always have these as a staple in my humidor"
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,As good as it gets!,"I was born in Havana, had the pleasure of smoking Cuban cigars at a very early age. This is as close as it get to home. Espinosa has made a direct replica of our cigars! Great smoke, strong and aromatic as it should be."
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,Spectacular ending!,For me... It was a Great Experience... with a Sweet and Powerful ending! I recommend it 100%
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,Great-One!,Excellent burn & smoke! Great sweet power-punch ending! 100% Recommended.
601 La Bomba,3 out of 5,"Not a bad smoke, it needs a bit more flavor",Powerful but not too much aroma.
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,"Amazing bold, spicey cigar that mellows as you smoke it","Respect this cigar; it will throat punch you if you don't! It's an amazing Habana wrapper cigar. Very bold and flavorful. It produces a lot of textured smoke from the moment you lite it. First puffs out the nostrils burn amazingly, it melows as you smoke it and an ash forms. After ashing it returns to being in your face bold. Nice solid ash. If you understand this, ""This cigar is to your nostrils and taste buds what good spicey Mexican food is to your uran..."" you'll this cigar. This is now my favorite Habana cigar."
601 La Bomba,5 out of 5,Awesome cigars,"Excellent taste, great body and aromatic evolution, perfect burning. Very happy about this discovery, especially at CI's ""Make me an offer"" amazing price."
601 Red Habano,4 out of 5,"Solid, smooth smoke","From the start, a clean even burn to the end. No issues there. Easy on the draw and all around tasty medium cigar. This gave me the opportunity to purchase a Xikar x2 cutter from a local shop, and stray away from the punch cutter I know and love. I have 3 left and will try to let one of two of them age, and enjoy the other real soon."
601 Red Habano,5 out of 5,Great Value!!!,Pleasant surprise. #14 cigar of 2017 and we’ll deserved. A bargain price make this one of the best values out there. Aged mine 2 years and it was terrific.
601 Red Habano,5 out of 5,Great everyday smoke,Great everyday smoke
601 Red Habano,5 out of 5,601,Fantastic smoke I recommend it burns even smoke doesn’t linger while sitting before your next puff doesn’t get hot at the end will but again
601 Red Habano,4 out of 5,601,"These are a very smooth smoke with an even draw and burn rate, Really enjoyed the flavor. Great daily smoke as well"
601 Red Habano,5 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth
601 Red Habano,5 out of 5,5 star good price,Love them 601 red and green
601 Red Habano,5 out of 5,Great line!,Another winner from a growing line of winners
601 Red Habano,4 out of 5,"Long lasting, even burning. Decent","Long lasting, even burning. Decent everyday cigar."
601 Red Habano,1 out of 5,Burned too hot,Got a full box and all of them burned too hot. Never really got to appreciate them. Would not buy again
601 Red Habano,5 out of 5,Enjoyable smoking cigar,Enjoyable smoking cigar
601 Red Habano,5 out of 5,601 Red Habano Toro,Well constructed medium bodied toro. Excellent draw with a somewhat fruity aroma. Will buy again.
601 Red Habano,4 out of 5,601 red,"Good Habano wrapper. Wood and white pepper and yes, tea aftertaste. Not a flavor bomb but satisfying smoke."
601 Red Habano,4 out of 5,Happy,Happy
601 Red Habano,5 out of 5,Wonderful,These are amazing cigars!!!
601 Red Habano,2 out of 5,Cigar disaster,Once you cut the cigar the wrapper exploded so I didn’t get to enjoy it. So I cut the next one and did the same thing. I just thru the rest away.
601 Snakebite,5 out of 5,"Awesome cigar,very smooth and rich.","Awesome cigar,very smooth and rich. Well constructed with a even burn"
601 Snakebite,5 out of 5,Like!,"Smooth, even burn, stays lit, good flavor. A really good EDC!"
601 Snakebite,5 out of 5,Fantastic!,"Medium body, full flavor gem from Espinosa. Would buy a box in a heartbeat!"
601 Snakebite,4 out of 5,Great everyday cigar.,Great everyday cigar.
601 Snakebite,4 out of 5,Good Medium to full body cigar,"Very pleased these were on sale recently. I had purchased them previously and remembered they were a good cigar. And I was not disappointed. With this batch either. It burns evenly, and the Churchhill especially Burns for a long time."
601 Snakebite,5 out of 5,Good cigar,"Really enjoyable robust cigar. Good full flavor. Ring gauge is slightly narrow for my taste, but can't complain about the cigar."
601 Snakebite,5 out of 5,Great Cig,Very nice smooth medium smoke good woody flavor..
601 Snakebite,5 out of 5,My personal favorite.,This has emerged as my go-to of the Espinosas. This is truly one of my favorite cigars and l purchase it often. The fact that it’s reasonably priced is just an extra perk. Awesome cigar.
601 Snakebite,5 out of 5,Very good stick,"Very good
Would buy
I usually buy 601 blue. But got this in my club selection
Just a little different taste than the blue
Very nice tobacco flavor and nice even smoke
Another winner from Espinosa"
601 Snakebite,5 out of 5,Very nice cigar.long lasting and,Very nice cigar.long lasting and good even burn with very little harshness
601 Snakebite,4 out of 5,Enjoyed this one,"Nice size and feel. I tend to up the humidity of my smokes a bit, and this one was outstanding after a couple of days in my humidor."
601 Snakebite,5 out of 5,Top notch stick,"Well balanced stick, great taste and draw, burned evenly from start to finish. You won’t be disappointed!"
601 Snakebite,5 out of 5,Another great 601,"I'm a big fan of Erik espinosa's blends. I've tried just about all of the 601 line. The 601 white conneticut is bar none my favorite cigar. The snakebite is very complex in flavor. It has a good amount of spice and body, and some citrus as well. It is medium-full in strength but not overpowering. Mr espinosa's blends are always perfectly balanced regardless of strength and that's what sets his blends apart from other manufacturers. Try any of the 601 blends and you will see what I'm talking about, highly recommend!"
601 Snakebite,4 out of 5,VERY GOOD CIGAR!,I have never been a huge fan of Sumatra wrapper cigars. However the 601 Snakebite Churchill I smoked directly out of the cello offered something different. The flavor was crisp and spicy and unique. It is near full flavored with a great draw. Simply put it's a very good cigar.
601 Snakebite,5 out of 5,Daryl S.,The new snakebite lives up to its description. The buttery spice and dark espresso taste great in the Churchill size. I like the construction.
601 Snakebite,4 out of 5,I enjoyed it 😎,I enjoyed it 😎
601 Snakebite,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Slightly milder than the 601 Habano Green Label. Great flavor and construction plus a good price point.
601 Snakebite,5 out of 5,Snakebites,Delicious!
601 White Connecticut,5 out of 5,Nice smoke,Nice smoke
601 White Connecticut,5 out of 5,A great conneticut,"Bar none my favorite cigar. A perfect balance of body and spice, very smooth. Burn and construction are spot on, give them a try."
A. Flores Serie Privada,4 out of 5,Good cigar & nice draw,Good cigar & nice draw - another week in the humidor should do it !
A. Flores Serie Privada,5 out of 5,Very fine cigar for end,"Very fine cigar for end of day. Floral notes, spice, cocoa earth and leather all combined in this very complex smoke. Gets better with age in the box."
A. Flores Serie Privada,5 out of 5,Amazingly excellent smoke!!!!!,WOW just had my first one. Excellent smoke!!! A little lighter smoke than my A.B Prensado that I'm accustom to which is not bad. So far neck and neck race for my favorite.
A. Flores Serie Privada,3 out of 5,Medium? Not quite.,A little milder than I'm used to. Good quality roll and suitable for a cigar smoker who wants a light flavored cigar.
A. Flores Serie Privada,5 out of 5,mellow fellow Sinatra,Wonderful experience every pull !
A. Flores Serie Privada,5 out of 5,SP54 MADURO,"NICE CHEWY MADURO. GOOD BURN. AMPLE SMOKE.DRAW MAYBE JUST A TOUCH ON SNUG SIDE,BUT STILL CLOSE TO PERFECT.SLIGHT PEPPER WITH SOME SWEETNESS."
ACID 20 by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,Good,Good
ACID 20 by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,ACID 20,EXCELLENT CIGAR! ONE OF THE BEST CIGARS I HAVE SMOKED! ABSOLUTELY LOVE THEM!!!
ACID 20 by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Acid 20 sweet,"Great price for these cigars. The acid is my favorite thus far. It's a great tasting cigar, just enough sweetness but not overbearing and the aroma is great."
ACID 20 by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Outstanding!,Been an acid fan for many years. These are a favorite!
ACID 20 by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Great smoke,My current favorite. Highly recommend
ACID 20 by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Acid 20,Very sweet cigar and a very refined smoke.
ACID 20 by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Niceeeee,Really good smoke! Smooth draw and nice flavor from the beginning to the end. Great value when buying too.
ACID 20 by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Great flavor!,So Satisfying. I absolutely loved this cigar.
ACID 20 by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,good flavor,good flavor
ACID 20 by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Acid 20,Outstanding in Every Way!
ACID 20 by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,One of the bests,One of my favorites... I’ll keep them in hand!
ACID 20 by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Top 5 cigar in my book!,"Top 5 cigar in my book. The sweet that ACID is known for, along with some great flavors throughout the entire stick. I think making the stick a boxed pressed was a great call as well, just a great overall smile with a smooth, even burn. I would highly recommend the 20 for anyone looking for a great all-around cigar!"
ACID 20 by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Excellent,By far one of my favorites. Great taste good burn definitely would recommend.
ACID 20 by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Delicious,"Received one as a gift, having it now. Delicious. Just had to come here, probably going to order some."
ACID 20 by Drew Estate,3 out of 5,Total let down.,"I have to say i was very excited when these were released and i jumped right on a box. Total let down for me, very harsh on the flavor bitter toward the middle. I havent been able to finish one yet."
ACID 20 by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Hit the mark for me,By far my favorite acid that I have had. Has a lot of good flavor notes that a traditional cigar would have but with a sweetness that acid is known for.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,consistent flavor and clean burn,consistent flavor and clean burn
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Great,Great
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,great flavor cigar. Small but,great flavor cigar. Small but a great smoke.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,kubas,Love my kubas
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Great tasting cigars,Perfect balance of flavor
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,I really like the taste,I really like the taste of the cigar and how it smoke
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Ver happy,"Always a great smoke, quick delivery"
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,You asked!,They’re great cigars what else can I say!!
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Not found a Drew l,Not found a Drew l didn't like.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,"C. McFarland, Deep Dish by Drew Estate","Very mild and mellow smoke, with just the perfect blend of flavor."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,"Nice flavor,great burn. Received in","Nice flavor,great burn. Received in timely manner."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"Great cigar, but slow to ship."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,love them great smoke,my favorite cigar
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Deep Dish,"Good smoke, good draw and nice ash."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Sweet and smooth,Great summertime cigar for at the beach or for sitting in the back yard on a hot day.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,My favorite cigar,"It's always been my favorite cigar. They are flavored but not to the point where you feel like you're chewing on a candy. Licking your lips give you a little sweetness but the cigar itself still lets you know you're smoking a cigar with a slight bite. I would like to try the larger version at some point, sometimes I feel that I would like to keep smoking in the company of others, but my cigar is done. Mostly my fault for not ordering them. Drew estate's has always been great and acid just makes them better, can't wait to try their other varieties. As for now my humidor is filled with blondies."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Excellent,Great cigar smooth sweet will be returning to buy more
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Acid,great cigars
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar.,Excellent cigar.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,most enjoyable smoke. A very,most enjoyable smoke. A very flavor filled smoke that is pleasant to enjoy in all settings.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,Kuba Kuba is the best of the ACID line,"I like all of the Drew Estates offerings, but the ACID Kuba Kuba is by far my favorite. The blend of flavors is delightful. Any time I'm feeling generous enough to share my stash of Kuba Kubas with friends, they are blown away. Highly recommend!"
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Awesome,"I love the Kuba's, and at this price I can afford them. Thanks"
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Old reliable,Old reliable
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Favorite,My new favorite go to cigar. Delicious anytime
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Love this Cigar,Love this Cigar
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,These are my favorite,These are my favorite
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,Nothing better than an after dinner ACID and a nice bourbon on the rocks. HEAVEN!!!
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Favorite,Great cigars. Just what I was looking for
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Drew estates,Excellent cigar. Always a crowd favorite
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Hi,"These cigars are great, taste is really good and even draw."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,very satisfied,Ben smoking Acid cigars for a while. I enjoy them. The cigars in this shipment were excellent . Shipping was quick and the price was reasonable. Will be back. Thank you.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,A Favorite,"Smooth, nice burning cigar with a pleasant flavor. Best Acid hands down. 10"
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Best Infused,Hands down the best infused cigar - consistent throughout cigar and with every stick .
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Smooth and Mild,Smooth and Mild
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Favorite cigar!,Just one of the best. Kuba Kuba never fails to satisfy. A sweet lip and smooth flavor.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Great smoke to the nub,Great smoke to the nub
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Kuba Kuba,"One of my favorite cigars. So smooth, never harsh and a nice finish."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Winner!,Been a fan of Kuba for years. Cannot go wrong with this tasty stick!
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,"As I’ve gotten older, I’ve","As I’ve gotten older, I’ve moved away from the maduros to these mild sweet infused cigars from Drew Estate. Not my outside “working” cigar, but my “relaxing” cigar."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,"Good taste, nice ash. Only","Good taste, nice ash. Only they are expensive. I buy them only when they are on sale. I enjoy them a lot"
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,Acid,Good smoke and good flavor. Enjoy with you favorite evening drink.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Acids,Love the taste of these. I like most of the Acid brand cigars.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Excellent quality at a great,Excellent quality at a great price
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Great everyday cigar,Great everyday cigar
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Kubas can’t go wrong,Showed up just in time for golf. Friend loved them as well. Great burn. Smooth cigar.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,These are my go to,These are my go to cigars. Reasonably priced and a good smoke.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Awesome cigar,"Love these cigars, were highly recommended in the reviews."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Very Good.,"These Grande ACID Cigars’s were incredible. I have just begun my Cigar appreciation, and the Acid by Drew Estates are really on-point.
I would recommend them."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,great flavor cigar. Small but,great flavor cigar. Small but a great smoke.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Great tasting cigars,Perfect balance of flavor
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Not found a Drew l,Not found a Drew l didn't like.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,My favorite cigar,"It's always been my favorite cigar. They are flavored but not to the point where you feel like you're chewing on a candy. Licking your lips give you a little sweetness but the cigar itself still lets you know you're smoking a cigar with a slight bite. I would like to try the larger version at some point, sometimes I feel that I would like to keep smoking in the company of others, but my cigar is done. Mostly my fault for not ordering them. Drew estate's has always been great and acid just makes them better, can't wait to try their other varieties. As for now my humidor is filled with blondies."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke with a slight,Excellent smoke with a slight touch of sweetness. Nice mild smoke.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,good sticks,they were fresh.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Favorite Cigar ever...,Favorite Cigar ever...
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Great tasting cigars. Will get,Great tasting cigars. Will get again.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,My ACID Cigars,I love the Acid cigar. They are sweet at the tip and for women that’s always a good thing. Will be ordering more.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Smooth and light very good,Smooth and light very good smoke
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,4 out of 5,"If you like flavored cigars, these are great.","I bought these for some friends who like flavored cigars. They love them. However, not my cup of tea."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Great sticks,Great sticks
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,👍😉,👍😉
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,4 out of 5,Very good,Very good
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Love them,Love them
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Gloria,Smoked Acid Blondie for years love the flavor and size.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,I had forgotten how pleasant they are to smoke.,I'll back for more.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,My favorite cigars by far.,My favorite cigars by far.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,excellent smoke,excellent smoke
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,These Drew Estate cigars are,"These Drew Estate cigars are the best tasting, as far as I'm concerned, that they have on the market. Smooth draw along with long lasting flavor. A really nice treat to the pallet."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Acid Blondie -Red,Great taste. My wife enjoys these when she spends smoke time with me.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,"Quick, sweet, and easy","The petite coronas are perfect for a quick, casual smoke with friends who don't have a lot of cigar smoking experience. I enjoy the slightly sweet flavor and unique aroma of these Acids. This is the ideal Acid to try in my opinion."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,"these are always smooth ,","these are always smooth , great cigar to enjoy with limited time"
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,"Nice, smooth, sweet cigar","Nice, smooth, sweet cigar"
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,4 out of 5,Great and Smooth,Great and smooth smoking.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Fabulous,Great cigar
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Acid Cigars,These are a smooth and sweet way to relax in the hammock. My wife even loves these.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Top 5,One of the smoothest and sweetest cigars I've had. A bit too sweet but it lasted the whole way through. Very clean sweet flavor and smoke.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Thumbs uo,Very tasty!!
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Blondie,It was a great smoke.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Just as I expected. Great,Just as I expected. Great choice and delivery was timely.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,These are a great tasty,"These are a great tasty cigar, it has a nice smooth draw and is a perfect for cocktails.
Id give it five stars. I am still partial to the blue blonds a half star more."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Great mild taste,My favorite
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Just became one of my favorites,A very tasty and smooth cigar five stars.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Acid,"Acid flavored cigars are fantastic, I’ve tried other flavored cigars they had very little to offer and left me with tobacco in my mouth. I just wished I hadn’t a box of the inferior cigars."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,DREW ESTATE BLONDI BELOCOSO,GREAT TASTING CIGA LOVE THEM
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Blonde Belicoso,Awesome cigars - Drew Estates keep up the good work ork
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,One of the best guys,One of the best guys I’ve ever smoked
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,nice smooth taste,great smoke
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Best Ever,Probably the best smoke ever!
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Cigars,Great tasting
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Blondies,"Great little cigar ,perfect for when you want to have a cigar but don't have a lot of time, burns nice ,tastes good,light good smoke."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Cigar purchase,Happy with purchase.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Gary B's thoughts,"Awesome cigar, that just works for any occasion."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Acid,Great cigar
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Blondies,I love these little things. Best cigar to me. I just started smoking cigars and everybody keep telling me I should try this one or that one. I love the Acid Blondies.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,An excellent choice!,"Great smoke! Easy draw, rapper is slightly sweet. Pairs very well with coffee. These are a great value for the money."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Always a great small cigar,Always a great small cigar with great taste!
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Blondie-Acid,"Always a great burn, flavor and price. Nothing better."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Blondie,5 out of 5,Very Nice!,"The Blondie Belicoso is a very nice Acid cigar. Good burn, smoke, taste. Relaxing, even in MI in March!"
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,ACID Opulence 3 by Drew Estate Toro,GREAT SMOOTH SMOKE WITH A LITTLE HINT ON HEAVEN
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Acid Cigar Opulence 3,"This cigar is hands down my favorite infused smoke. It's smooth, sweet and well balanced throughout the cigar and adds a little spice towards the end. Always well rolled with an even burn. I've enjoyed them for years and have never once been disappointed."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Best of DE Acid line.,Currently one of the best cigars in the Acid line offered by Drew Estates. Mild with lots of chewy smoke. Draw is excellent along with overall construction. Always a good tight ash.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Doesn't get any better,"Love this cigar, the taste, and the aroma. The wife loves the aroma too!"
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,4 out of 5,"A veery nice medium, pleasantly","A veery nice medium, pleasantly infused cigar."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,FIVE STARS,My favorite infused cigar ever.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,The Best,My favorite Drew Estate cigar. The taste and aroma are outstanding.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,If you like mild sweet cigars then give one a try.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Another winner!,"Excellent structure, flavor, burn and feel. Another very nice smoke from Drew Estate."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,3 out of 5,"Love Drew Estates, prefer Acid","Love Drew Estates, prefer Acid"
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,One of my favorite Drew,One of my favorite Drew Estates!
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Smooth,I love them
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Acid opulance,"A great stick and my favorite. It burns nice, smells good, is mild and has a slightly sweet taste. Everyone I share them with loves them."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,these are awesome,these are awesome
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Undercrown,Smooth medium flavor. Thick white smoke. Slight sweet taste. Thanks Drew Estate. Another favorite.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Smooth and Flavorful from Beginning to End,"The best cigar I have tasted (under $7)! No bite, easy to re-light. Friends like them, too. But I'm keeping the rest for myself! And, with the 14 extra cigars in the box deal, you just can't beat it!"
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth One of the Best!
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,King of Cigars,"This is the best cigar I've had after smoking for 36 years. I know everyone has different taste - to me, the Opulence 3 is smooth, had the sweet taste of what Acid cigars are known for. Also, I'm very impressed with the box they come in. Not your normal, everyday box."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,4 out of 5,great,great easy smoke
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,4 out of 5,DE Opulence,"Very good smoke. Nicely rolled, nice aroma. Lived up to the Drew estate reputation"
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Smooth smoking slow burning cigar,Smooth smoking slow burning cigar one of my favorites 👍🏾👍🏾
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Floss it.,best flavor ACID cigar in my opinion! not too much not too strong just right! perfect for social gathering and turned heads asking where is that manly smell coming from?
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,the best,"very tasty, toasty, aroma of manliness?"
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,One of my favorite cigars,One of my favorite cigars
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Deserves the high rating it has.,"I not normally a big fan of flavored cigars and I originally bought these for my wife to try. Turns out that these are a solid smoke with a nice infused flavor that is something different than the norm. I smoke everyday and I'll have one of these for an afternoon stick regularly. It's a nice break from the norm and the flavor, construction and draw are all good. They sometimes get a bit ashy tasting at the very end but that's more likely my fault since I tend to over-puff these because the taste is so enjoyable."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,I reviewed this cigar back in 2016 see below. the only comment I have now is buy the robusto. After smoking boxes upon boxes of this cigar I can tell you the robusto out of the 3 sizes is the best packed and best burning and best tasting. I constantly found the other 2 sizes are packed looser which makes the burn very uneven and must relight a lot. Also it effects the flavor with to much air flow. I normally prefer Toro size cigars but with this one I now only buy the rubusto. Hope this helps.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Great buy,These are delicious smokes at a reasonable price for the quality that you get. Never disappointed
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Awesome Cigar,This has got to one of the best tasting and burning cigars ever. The aroma that this cigar puts off is so amazing you’ll have people wondering. What is that you’re smoking? Great cigar
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,3 out of 5,Good Cigar,"I would buy them again. My 3 star rating is not a dis to the cigar it is just my basic star guide that I use. This cigar has a sweet cap and has a Kuba Kuba type taste, but not as strong nor does it (maybe first 3rd )last as long. I felt the flavor complexity for the cigar was great. I tasted hints of wood, earthy, and a bit of spice at points. It was a good smoke and I enjoyed it."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Loving the Acid brand,"I love the taste and smell of these cigars, as so does my wife!!!"
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Top Notch,This is my favorite cigar! Smooth is an understatement for this one!
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,2 out of 5,Wonderful aroma out of the box and thats where it stops,"I have been wanting to try these cigars ever since they came out. I got a great deal from CI so I took the plunge and bought a box. I was thoroughly disappointed in this cigar. It was supposed to be on the fuller bodied end and was not even close. I could not tell the difference from this stick and a KUBA KUBA. The flavor was bland and unimpressive, a real disappointment.
The only Positive I can tell you is that it was probably one of the best smelling cigars out of the box that I have ever smelt.
Wonderful botanical aromas and tobacco. Will not buy again at any price. For the record I am a full bodied profile smoker."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Acid Opulence 3,My husbands favorite cigars. They are tasty.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Something different,I enjoyed trying the drew estate sampler and opulence 3 box. It was a pleasant change from my usual cigar choices. I would encourage anyone to try these wonderful cigars for a nice change of pace.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Excellent,"These were great, I only wish I could order the same deal again."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,4 out of 5,Nice full bodied Drew,I think it is their best one not too much this or that just a good smoke
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Delicious opulence by Drew estates,"A medium mild delicious treat, a comforting smoke from beginning to end, a tasty draw with a sweet cocoa undertone, a truly pleasurable experience....."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Acid never fails in the quality of their products.,"Nitro Glycerin, ""Tha BOMB""."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Great,Consistently good smoke
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,I love these,I love these
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,They're great,They're great
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,sweet really a sweet smoking cigar,Top of the stack when it comes to infused cigars ... for the special days
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Excellent,They were great and I loved them. Wish there was another sale on them
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Undercrown meets Kuba?,"In my humble opinion, I believe the O3 has a subdued version of the infused flavors of an Acid Kuba Kuba. Same great construction and draw. Worth a shot if you like the Kuba but wouldn’t mind if they toned down the flavor a bit. Or if you love the Undercrown, but like a little infused flavor in the mix."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Wow!,Wow! That's all I can say...... What else do you expect from Drew Estate? I will be ordering more. I can't find them anywhere else. Great smoke. Great taste. Great flavor..... And my order came faster than expected. A must have!
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Opulence 3,This will and forever be my go to cigar. It's deep notes paired with slightly sweet taste and aroma is right for me anytime.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,1 out of 5,Price too good to be true,"Let me start by saying that I have smoked these many times in the past. Recently, I purchased the 20 pack through Cigar FU. They were a major disappointment: no flavor, canoe while burning, the draw was mostly air, they are very soft. Not the traditional quality if Opulence 3 that one would expect. Through Cigar FU I would summarize t he experience as follows: If the price seems too good to be true, it probably is."
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,The right kind of different!,Very different but in true drew estate fashion they infused an interesting flavor of cloves and a sudden sweetness as they always do. I found that it almost tasted different cigar to cigar. I really enjoyed these.
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,Opulence 3,"Wow, the Opulence 3 tastes like you mixed a T52 and a Kuba Kuba. Will keep these stocked in the box from now on!"
ACID Cigars by Drew Estate Opulence 3,5 out of 5,The Best ACID,"I've smoked most of ACID's line and this one; the Opulence 3 is the best of them. The Opulence takes the infusion process just enough but does not dominate the very good tobaccos inside.
If you have been thinking about trying an ACID, start at their best, you will enjoy it."
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,consistent flavor and clean burn,consistent flavor and clean burn
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Great,Great
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,kubas,Love my kubas
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,I really like the taste,I really like the taste of the cigar and how it smoke
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Ver happy,"Always a great smoke, quick delivery"
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,You asked!,They’re great cigars what else can I say!!
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"Great cigar, but slow to ship."
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,love them great smoke,my favorite cigar
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Sweet and smooth,Great summertime cigar for at the beach or for sitting in the back yard on a hot day.
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Excellent,Great cigar smooth sweet will be returning to buy more
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Acid,great cigars
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar.,Excellent cigar.
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,most enjoyable smoke. A very,most enjoyable smoke. A very flavor filled smoke that is pleasant to enjoy in all settings.
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,Kuba Kuba is the best of the ACID line,"I like all of the Drew Estates offerings, but the ACID Kuba Kuba is by far my favorite. The blend of flavors is delightful. Any time I'm feeling generous enough to share my stash of Kuba Kubas with friends, they are blown away. Highly recommend!"
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Awesome,"I love the Kuba's, and at this price I can afford them. Thanks"
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Old reliable,Old reliable
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Favorite,My new favorite go to cigar. Delicious anytime
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Love this Cigar,Love this Cigar
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,These are my favorite,These are my favorite
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,Nothing better than an after dinner ACID and a nice bourbon on the rocks. HEAVEN!!!
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Drew estates,Excellent cigar. Always a crowd favorite
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,very satisfied,Ben smoking Acid cigars for a while. I enjoy them. The cigars in this shipment were excellent . Shipping was quick and the price was reasonable. Will be back. Thank you.
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,A Favorite,"Smooth, nice burning cigar with a pleasant flavor. Best Acid hands down. 10"
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Best Infused,Hands down the best infused cigar - consistent throughout cigar and with every stick .
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Smooth and Mild,Smooth and Mild
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Favorite cigar!,Just one of the best. Kuba Kuba never fails to satisfy. A sweet lip and smooth flavor.
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Great smoke to the nub,Great smoke to the nub
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Kuba Kuba,"One of my favorite cigars. So smooth, never harsh and a nice finish."
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Winner!,Been a fan of Kuba for years. Cannot go wrong with this tasty stick!
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,"As I’ve gotten older, I’ve","As I’ve gotten older, I’ve moved away from the maduros to these mild sweet infused cigars from Drew Estate. Not my outside “working” cigar, but my “relaxing” cigar."
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,"Good taste, nice ash. Only","Good taste, nice ash. Only they are expensive. I buy them only when they are on sale. I enjoy them a lot"
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,4 out of 5,Acid,Good smoke and good flavor. Enjoy with you favorite evening drink.
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Acids,Love the taste of these. I like most of the Acid brand cigars.
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Excellent quality at a great,Excellent quality at a great price
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Kubas can’t go wrong,Showed up just in time for golf. Friend loved them as well. Great burn. Smooth cigar.
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,These are my go to,These are my go to cigars. Reasonably priced and a good smoke.
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Awesome cigar,"Love these cigars, were highly recommended in the reviews."
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Very Good.,"These Grande ACID Cigars’s were incredible. I have just begun my Cigar appreciation, and the Acid by Drew Estates are really on-point.
I would recommend them."
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,The sweet flavor that lasts,The sweet flavor that lasts for the entire cigar is great! Mild with no strong lingering after taste!
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Very nice mild taste,Very nice mild taste
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Outstanding,Can’t ever go wrong with any Drew Estate smoke. Great tasting burns well and satisfying. His time with L T. Was not waisted.
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Ceegars!,These came a bit dry but it never stops me from smoking them anyway. I’ve had many and DE are some of the best.
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar great company,Excellent cigar great company
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Enjoyable,Great tasting cigar.
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Kuba Kuba,"Not a fan of flavored cigars, but these have been a staple in my humidor since they came out. If nothing else strikes me, this is always my fall back stick."
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Great deal,Nice rapper that stays in tact one of the best cigars ever
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Kuba Kuba,Great cigars. Highly recommend.
ACID Kuba Kuba Cigars by Drew Estate,5 out of 5,Good smokes..good for a change.,Good smokes..good for a change.
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,5 out of 5,Great stick!,Great stick!
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,3 out of 5,Not what I was expecting.,Not great but not terrible. I love the double perfecto shape but this cigar tastes rather plain and un-infused. Just not what I was expecting. The ACID line has several choices that are much better than the Def sea.
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,5 out of 5,Drew Estates,Another great buy from CI. The wrappers on the Tabaks are a bit brittle but won't let that keep me from enjoying them.
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,3 out of 5,Not impressed,"The acid line from drew estate never fails to impress me. These however are the exception. It doesnt taste infused at all it just tastes like an unflavored cigar. Which that's not the end of the world but still a bit disappointed. Not to mention they were packed funny. Barely any airflow resulting in almost no smoke. I had to cut it at both ends and light it 3 times. Not a terrible cigar, just not my favorite."
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,5 out of 5,Brittle,"The cigars were dry, not fresh"
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,5 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,5 out of 5,My Go To,"Always the same, a great smoke."
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,5 out of 5,Great cigars.,Great cigars.
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,4 out of 5,Good smoke,"This was my low cost, always good smoke, but the price has gone up over the past few years, still a good smoke, but may need to look for others out there,"
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,5 out of 5,very smooth,very smooth
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,4 out of 5,Great Cigars,I enjoy a good cigar after a hard day at work & this definitely fits the bill!
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,3 out of 5,DEF SEA and Me,"Good cigar,good taste, the fact that a couple of the cigars had hard stems in them causing unbalanced burn is the reason for mediocre rating."
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,3 out of 5,Def sea,Not enough flavor
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,3 out of 5,I ordered wrong cigar,"I like the blue lable acid cigar not what I ordered. This cigar torpedo, dont need, does not have sweet draw. This was me not knowing the full line. These cigars fine. Now I have a full box daaa"
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,5 out of 5,Great stuff!,Just a great flavorful mild smoke.
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,They definitely lived up to my expectations !!!
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,5 out of 5,Acid cigars,You guys provide great service. I'm always too busy to shop at the smoke shops.
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,4 out of 5,Yes please!,"One out of the five i received started to come apart. I have smoked two of these and enjoyed them both, easy draw and even burn. Another Acid cigar i will be adding to the humidor on a regular basis."
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,5 out of 5,A good smoke,A good smoke
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,3 out of 5,Good deal.,Decent cigar. Lighter that adjoins is poor.
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,4 out of 5,Cigarman,They were ok
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,3 out of 5,"Good, but not my favorite Drew","I love most of what Drew does, but this cigar is kinda interesting. It has the smell of what I love and the name on the band leads me to believe it will be good, but when I light it up and smoke it I am less than thrilled. It’s not a bad cigar and I will smoke them, but I will more easily give them away, then I would a Kuba or 3 or Isla del Sol."
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,2 out of 5,Acid cigars are my go to cigar but not these,We pretty much only smoke infused cigars and Acid's are my usual go to cigar so I couldn't pass up getting a whole box of these. We pulled out the first two and to our disappointment we did not get any infused taste. Not a bad cigar but no infused taste at all. Now I have a whole box of cigars that probably will not be smoked.
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,5 out of 5,Another great cigar from Drew Estate,Drew Estate is my go to cigar. Def Sea didn’t disappoint. Great burn and mild. Glad I bought a box.
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,5 out of 5,Great cigars,"Acid cigars of all types are my top pick for a great cigar, whether on the go or enjoying with friends."
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,2 out of 5,There are better options,Lackluster taste and burns too hot. Big disappointment from the Acid line!!! Time to take a break from infused cigars at this price.
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,5 out of 5,"Great cigars, always good!","Great cigars, always good!"
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,5 out of 5,Excellant cigars at and economical,Excellant cigars at and economical price to good to pass up. Thank you CI for your customer loyalty.
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,2 out of 5,Def Sea,Not to impressive to be honest. I would say I should’ve gotten Cuba Cubas.
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,3 out of 5,Def Sea,"I like these Def Sea cigars however I prefer the more infused taste like the Acid one, Blondie and Kuba Kuba."
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,2 out of 5,Acid smokes...,I feel like they use great wraps with subpar tobacco. I really thought they had higher standards
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,3 out of 5,No Infusion,"I did like the way it burned, and the draw was nice. However, there is no detectable Acid infusion in this cigar. No great aroma or taste. It does not live up to the Acid line, but a half decent smoke if you have a bourbon with it."
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,4 out of 5,Good choice,"I’m usually smoking Acid kuba Kubas for my dessert cigar, I thought I’d try these at a great price. Much lighter smoke and taste. I thought that there would more honey or sweetness, but not on this one. I’m keeping them in their box inside my humidor with hopes of a stronger taste next time. The chocolate/coffee infused cigars were quite interesting. Not a bad tasting cigar, and small enough for a quick 45 min smoke. They go great with a nice Cabernet."
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,2 out of 5,Ehhh? No thank you,"Bought 2 boxes by mistake and decided to keep both, came with great Acid sampler, thank goodness, I really enjoy Acid cigars and always have a few in my humidor. These guys were a disappointment, burn was fine, some wrapper issues about every 3 rd one.
But not the best infused Acid out there, actually the worst. So if you want a light infusion maybe it's for you. I won't buy this stick again"
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,5 out of 5,never a bad one,"Whenever I am indecisive on what to get, ACID is the fall back cigar for me. No matter if its the Blondie or Kuba Kuba, never a bad smoke."
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,4 out of 5,Great smoke!!!!Acid DefSea,Great smoke
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,5 out of 5,Service.,I am very impressed with the cigar quality. Thanks Guys. Vaughn Riffe GM Old Line Wine and Spirits! Cheers
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,3 out of 5,There ok thought they would,There ok thought they would of had a better taste and been more mild
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,3 out of 5,Def Sea does not amaze,"The cigar is OK, but I suppose I was looking for something spectacular. The roll is a bit loose, and the sticks run hot and smoke fast. Not my favorite, but a good one to have as a spare for those who know no better."
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,4 out of 5,Another great Acid,"Nice smooth smoke, Good flavo, and very enjoyable."
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,1 out of 5,Def Sea,Did not like the flavore. I love most cigars by Drew estate.
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,5 out of 5,Great cigar,I am no cigar pro and smoke Acid blondies regularly. The Def Sea cigars are incredibly smooth and feel well made.
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,1 out of 5,no flavor,i thought from the description it would have more flavor. very plain
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,3 out of 5,Def Sea,I was expecting a lot more taste from this stick.
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,3 out of 5,wasnt as favorable as I thought I will experience.,It burned well and decent smoke but I was searching for the favor of the cigar. Didn't get much of the taste but enjoyable.
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,3 out of 5,Not too bad but not great,Drew Estate is one of my favorite Cigar makers. The Kuba Kuba is the favorite but this Sea Def Sea was a little bolder and not as enticing. If its not a COHIBA or a ROMEO JULIET the Kuba Kuba will be always be my good to go.
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,5 out of 5,Acid cigars,Love Drew Estate products they never fail to satisfy. From mild to full or flavored their cigars are first rate
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,5 out of 5,Israel'S review,"Very good customer support service, received ok on time, very sactified with all the treatment received"
ACID Ltd. by Drew Estate Def Sea,4 out of 5,Nice smoke,Was very pleased with the blend. Another winner by Drew Estates.
AFR-75 San Andres Claro,5 out of 5,Homerun,"Probably one of the best PDR offering— SMooth , Buttery and satisfying... definitely a premium stick"
Aganorsa Leaf Connecticut,3 out of 5,Good but...,"Wonderful flavors. easy draw and well constructed. However, these are suprisingly strong for being such a mild smoke. But I'm just not into very strong cigars."
Aganorsa Leaf Connecticut,4 out of 5,Connecticut with a kick!,"Great smoke! Fuller bodied than the average Connecticut. Even, consistent burn, nice flavor profile throughout. Flattened out at the end, but overall, I would recommend this stick!"
Aganorsa Leaf Connecticut,5 out of 5,My favorite,"Well, this is the best cigar I've ever had. Got a few variations in a sampler and loved the Conn. Bought a box, had one, bought another box. Puts Fuente to shame in my book. Pricey, but worth it for 2-3 a week. Rich, deep flavor. Like a whole different experience. Maybe just my peculiar taste, but I want one about every 3rd cigar. I also like Don Pepin Garcia, My Father, and 5 Vegas classic if that helps. If a cigar smoker doesn't like these I'm stumped."
Aganorsa Leaf Signature Selection,5 out of 5,GREAT SMOKE,"VERY COMPLEX CIGAR, GREAT MORNING CIGAR WITH COFFEE, ENJOY EVERY STICK"
Aganorsa Leaf Signature Selection,5 out of 5,Amazing Nicaraguan Cigar,"Such a great Cigar! A+ all the way!
Truest expectional blending of tobacco creates an even more exceptionally eventful smoking experience...
Now, I may be biased because I love Nicaraguan grown tobacco to me it’s the best and most flavorful in the world.
For a Nicaraguan Puro it’s about as close to perfection as you can get.
Trust me buy a box and you won’t be unhappy, at least until you run out.
This cigar is so good it can be smoke by a total newbie all the way to the seasoned veteran of cigar smokers. I have smoked probably close to 50 now and each has maintaned its perfection each time. I can only imagine a year or more of aging would do even more wonders to this smoke. However everytime I buy a box I smoke through it in less than a month... it’s that good.
If you like Nicaraguan sticks"
Aganorsa Leaf Signature Selection,5 out of 5,What A Find!!,As soon as I lit this up I knew it was going on my top 5 list for 2018. I'd describe an overall medium-full cigar with what I would best describe as a sweet chocolaty pepper throughout. The pepper is more of a feeling than taste although I definitely get a mellow pepper flavor. Looks great. Smokes even better. Get this.
Aging Room Bin No. 1,5 out of 5,Aging room cigars,A great smoke!!
Aging Room Pura Cepa,5 out of 5,Wow,One of the best cigars ive had thus far this year
Aging Room Pura Cepa,5 out of 5,Good,Great smooth full body
Aging Room Quattro Connecticut,4 out of 5,New smoker,"I am a new cigar smoker. I went with this cigar because it seemed like a safe bet...and it was. It is smooth and mellow, almost to mellow. It is definitely helping me taste the cigar and its notes better, but it’s almost too mellow. It doesn’t have as much flavor as some of the others I’ve tried, but that’s not nessessarily a bad thing either. Overall, i am satisfied but left wanting a little more. Buy the 5 pack to try it out."
Aging Room Quattro F55 Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Cigars!,In a league of its own. Great smoke all around. You will not be dissapointed.
Aging Room Quattro F55 Maduro,4 out of 5,Aging Room F55 Maduro Espressivo,Excellent box-pressed cigar with a full draw that burns uniformly to the end. Always consistent in construction and appearance with tastes of espresso and light leather.
Aging Room Quattro F55 Maduro,5 out of 5,"Fine, delicate flavor and easy","Fine, delicate flavor and easy burn. One of the best cigars I have bought from CI."
Aging Room Quattro F55 Maduro,5 out of 5,What a great stick,What a great stick
Aging Room Quattro F55 Maduro,4 out of 5,Very enjoyable- tasty and not,Very enjoyable- tasty and not overpowering
Aging Room Quattro F55 Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Aging Room Quattro F55 Maduro,5 out of 5,F55 A Winner in the Race,"Actually, the F55 box-pressed is what I just finished down to where my fingers were smarting. Fabulous model. Extremely well made, even burn, medium body, and no bitterness in the last inch or so. My palate was just right for this cigar and perhaps the well-aged rum (straight) I enjoyed with it might have taken away from whaterver ""notes"" others describe. I would buy this again and again, although the same enjoyment and taste varies as one's palate of the moment. Recommended."
Aging Room Quattro F55 Maduro,4 out of 5,One of the best cigars,One of the best cigars for the price
Aging Room Quattro F55 Maduro,5 out of 5,Lives up to the rating,"Loved by all, just a great some, not a long lasting stick, but really good in all other ways."
Aging Room Quattro F55 Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Aging Room Quattro F55 Maduro,5 out of 5,Great value cigar,Good cigar with a great burn and taste.
Aging Room Quattro F55 Maduro,3 out of 5,Not as smooth as expected,Not as smooth as expected
Aging Room Quattro F55 Maduro,4 out of 5,Good draw; stays light; strong;,Good draw; stays light; strong; very good cigar
Aging Room Quattro F55 Maduro,4 out of 5,F 55 Maduro,4 with me ..... easy smoke !!!
Aging Room Quattro F55 Maduro,5 out of 5,Aging Room F55 Maduro,"Caught these on sale and bought two boxes on a whim, never having smoked them before.
Arrived ready to smoke,as always from CI. Beautiful wrapper,perfect construction and razor sharp burn. Smooth and flavorful with an earthy peppery taste that I really like. I can see buying more of these."
Aging Room Quattro F55 Maduro,5 out of 5,"My new favorite cigar, hands down.","Had a chance to experience this cigar while deployed overseas. Instantly fell in love. The flavor and feeling is an unusual blend of a smooth draw followed by a strong follow of flavor you don't typically get without that strong ""punch"" taste."
Aging Room Quattro F55 Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smooth smoke,Great smooth smoke
Aging Room Quattro F55 Maduro,5 out of 5,My 3rd box.,Great smoke.
Aging Room Quattro F55 Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,I am really loving these cigars. I shared them with friends who are also big cigar smokers and they loved them too!!
Aging Room Quattro F55 Maduro,4 out of 5,Solid smoke for the price,Burns evenly and can be smoked to the end without a burn.
Aging Room Quattro F55 Maduro,3 out of 5,Does'nt live up to the hype!,Ordered these because of all of the hoopla. To me these are way over rated.
Aging Room Quattro F55 Maduro,4 out of 5,"Great smoke, and the price","Great smoke, and the price was unbelievable!"
Aging Room Quattro F59,4 out of 5,Solid all around,"Great cigar. As always you can’t go wrong with Aging room. Fantastic construction, burn, and flavor. Definitely more medium in flavor profile but the cedar wood comes through. Never had an AR that was disappointing, and that says a lot for brands these days. Not may favorite among their lineup, but definitely will buy a box again. Solid all around."
Aging Room Quattro F59,4 out of 5,Good Cigar but can be prone to a hot draw,"Nice flavor, love the oily dark brown srapper, burns well but be careful, very easy to over-humidify, then the draw is extremely hot and lose if this happens."
Aging Room Quattro F59,5 out of 5,Treat them like a lady,"I wrote a review (my first) on these sticks a while back. Here is what I learned. They are so oily naturally that your top shelf storage may in fact be hurting them. Keep them as far away from your humidity source as possible. These sticks are moist naturally, adding more hurts them more than most. Keep then cool, and keep them dry (ish) and they will treat you very, very nice"
Aging Room Quattro F59,5 out of 5,Good Cigar,"These are good cigars, but a little pricy"
Aging Room Quattro F59,5 out of 5,Great cigars,They taste as good as they look Great construction and the taste is complex but a joy to smoke
Aging Room Quattro F59,3 out of 5,Decent smoke,Good everyday smoke.
Aging Room Quattro F59,4 out of 5,Upside - Downside,"These taste really good, but they don’t like to stay lit."
Aging Room Quattro F59,4 out of 5,A very nice mild smoke,A very nice mild smoke
Aging Room Quattro F59,5 out of 5,Great medium+ body,"Great draw, smooth, nice flavor. A real winner!"
Aging Room Quattro F59,5 out of 5,As good as it gets,"I am a cigar novice, but even I could tell these are amazing sticks. I may not be able to appreciate these as much as I should just yet, but the one I did smoke was as good as I hoped it would be. Very smooth, and very tasty. My wife loved the aroma this stick put off. The rest of the box will be aging in my humidor for special occasions. I am hoping the next time around I will be able to taste even more. For now, these are the lone sticks in my top shelf."
Aging Room Quattro F59,5 out of 5,good smoked better than others brands not for new smokers,good smoked better than others brands not for new smokers
Aging Room Quattro F59,5 out of 5,GREAT SMOPKE,"AN EXTREMELY GOOD CIGAR START TO FINISH. GREAT/COMPLEX FLAVOR, GREAT DEAL."
Aging Room Quattro F59,4 out of 5,Aging Room,"An ok smoke, but not in the same class as the F55 Concerto."
Aging Room Quattro F59,4 out of 5,Good smoke...especially for the price,Good smoke...especially for the price
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,The Good Life.,The Aging Room Quattro is a true Nicaraguan masterpiece! One of those cigars that make you feel like the King of the World. Expertly constructed with a beautiful even burn throughout the smoke. Yummy chocolate and caramel tones right down to the nub. As always Cigar International made it happen with a great deal on this 5 pack. Thank you C.I.
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great smoke. Burned like a,Great smoke. Burned like a champ and was nice on the palate.
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Very good cigar great construction,Very good cigar great construction and flavors. Personally I wouldn’t say #1 cigar of the year but definitely top 10. I think some age in the humidor would benefit them greatly.
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke - bad glue job on most bands
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Awesome cigar,Awesome cigar
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,This is a cigar that you don't want to end!
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,fantastic,Fantastic !!!
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Aging Room,"Excellent smoke from beginning to end! Smooth, flavorful and a nice mouthful of smoke!"
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Good cigar,"Seems very medium in strength. Very smooth! I don't know from notes of this or that, but just very consistent to me and very enjoyable."
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Aging Room,Fabulous cigar
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Nice taste and smooth
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,The sampler was a nice,The sampler was a nice way to try different ones. But I ready love the Nicaraguan very nice smoke. Glad I got a box
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Their 96 rating is good.,Their 96 rating is good. Shared several sticks with friends and they were delighted as I am.
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,It has a great pull and flavor. Was very impressed with this stick and plan on buying more in the future.
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Very good cigar.,This a very steing cigar with full taste. I love it
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Stellar,One of the top 5 smokes I've ever had. Smooth and easy burn with a punch. I'll be sure to keep a box of these in the humidor moving forward.
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Worth every penny!,A really smooth smoke that was quite enjoyable even towards its end. Definitely one to hold in the humidor for a bit to see how it ages...
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Very nice cigar with flavor,Very nice cigar with flavor
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Fabulous,Fabulous
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,ARQ,Excellent smoke
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,The Best,"What can a guy say? This the best cigar ever. Great construction, nose, burn, flavor and finish. Glad I had a chance to smoke it on America’s Independence Day. This was my fire works, it did not disappoint, and nobody got burnt, including my tongue. Too mellow for that action."
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Bought as a gift,"These cigars are amazing, full bodied, great taste, great smoke. Will buy these again!"
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great flavor! Really enjoy them,Great flavor! Really enjoy them
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Why it is the cigar of the Year,From start to finish a beautiful blend. Smooth draw from start to finish. Right there as one of the top cigars in my collection. I rarely will share these with anyone but closest friends who are in our cult. lol
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Good stuff,Good as everyone says it is
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Must buy,This cigar is excellent. Very smooth and a bountiful of rich notes. A MUST try and regular stocker!
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,"Rich, bold, deeply layered cigar","I picked up a pack of five of these about a month ago - and almost immediately added it to my list for a box order. As I was eyeing the last one in my humidor, I pulled the trigger on a box of 20 which just arrived today. Grown and rolled by AJ Fernandez for Rafael Nodal's Aging Room brand, this is a terrific cigar - no wonder it shot to #1 on Cigar Aficionado's list last year with a hard-to-beat 96 rating. Just incredible - nutty, deep layers of flavor, rich and bold. Caramel and cocoa. The fullest of full profiles, a really epic smoke."
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great Flavor,Great and consistent flavor and quality. Definitely recommend!
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,YES!!!,Amazing stick. It is very clear how it was cigar of the year right after you light it. Bold and balanced. Smooth draw. So good.
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great Smoke!,Great smoke from start to finish. No burn taste whatsoever. I usually don't pick up all of the nuanced flavors in cigars but this one is the gift that keeps on giving. Recently paired with Whistlepig 10....thoroughly enjoyable.
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,great full body smoke,For being a strong smoke the cigar has an easy draw. That is saying something because I could compete with having the longest ash for how tight the tobacco was weaved. I'll buy this again.
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,3 out of 5,"Good, but Cigar of the Year?",3.5 stars. May be I expected a lot from Cigar of the Year award. May had smoked similar in the price point...will probably buy again.
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,"There is a reason why they are #1 on Aficionado! Can't beat it, for the money and satisfaction of a quality cigar, well made.","I am half way through the Maestro, she started out like a kicking mule and settled down after about 10 buffs into it. They arrived from CI nice and spongy and fresh. The smoke is real smooth and deep earthy that tends to calm down around the half way burn. I LOVE these babies and will definitely get them again! Nice and oily on the tongue with flavor to spare!"
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,"I was never a huge fan of Aging Room but these are excellent! Great flavor throughout, never got harsh. Enjoyed to the nub!"
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Very Good - Not Classic,Good enjoyable smoke - definitely not a 94. More like an 88. Bold smooth nutty taste. Certainly would buy again.
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,"I am a huge fan of AJ Fernandez blends, and this medium-full really hits all the spots for me when I smoke it. It’s the one in my Humidor I keep going back to, and I have to try hard to slow down when I’m smoking it because it’s so great."
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,A+,I first I thought it was going to be a little more peppery but it was a smooth tasting stick with a great burn.
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,A pleasant even smoking cigar. I will buy more and my friends who I gave them some will also buy.
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Mestero Master- it’s worth it!,"This Aficionado rated 94 cigar was a very pleasant smoke, I enjoyed every puff of this long lasting slow burning boxed pressed torpedo I could taste the woodsy chocolatey flavor packed in this cigar !"
Aging Room Quattro Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Not 94 points,"CA rated this 94 - it's a good smoke, but not a near classic. I'd say about 89. Still, lots of flavor, good smoke volume, very well made - worth the price."
Aging Room Quattro Original,5 out of 5,"Super Smoke, highly recommended","First time hearing about this brand. Bought these in a five pack sampler and they were better than expected. Great build, I liked the box press and the appearance. They smoke smooth, didn’t have to delight or touch up at all. Great draw and the flavor was exceptional. Highly recommend! Great with a glass of red wine, bought more after I went through the first five!"
Aging Room Quattro Original,5 out of 5,First time with a Rafael Nodal cigar. Very happy.,"I bought a box of Aging Room Quattro Original 7 x 50 at CI. This is the first time I smoked a Rafael Nodal cigar. Thanks Cigar International for having at your inventory such a magnificent cigar. Impecable roll, draw, burn and the box pressed is executed beautifully. Delicious well cured tobacco, full bodied taste with balance blended and pleasing smoothness."
Aging Room Solera Corojo,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Smoked 2 from a 5 pack so far. Enjoyed them.
Aging Room Solera Shade,4 out of 5,Solera Shade,Solid smoke consistent flavour..
Aging Room Solera Shade,4 out of 5,Nice smoke usually,Needs consistency in the wrapping and draw.
Aging Room Solera Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Decent Smoke,"I disagree with the previous 2 negative reviews. These are pretty decent cigars that taste fine and have a razor sharp burn. I am very pleased with them. The Festivo size is perfect for me. Not too long , not to short, but just right. Give them a try and find out how good they are!"
Aging Room Solera Sun Grown,1 out of 5,Not a pleasant smoke,"Hate to give a 1 star but this cigar was harsh, tough draw and no flavor. Didn't even finish it as it was not a pleasant smoke. The only redeeming quality was that it lit easily and and even burn."
Agio Mehari's,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Agio Mehari's,4 out of 5,Good service,Good service
Agio Mehari's,5 out of 5,Best little cigar,Red Orient- best of the brand
Agio Mehari's,5 out of 5,Very nice cigars from Holland,Mild smoke with lots of flavor. Tightly packed tobacco for an excellent quality cigar.
Agio Mehari's,4 out of 5,I like them,A good quick smoke. Easy draw and enjoyable when your time is limited and you want a pleasurable smoke.
Agio Mehari's,5 out of 5,GREAT!!,"Absolutely love these! Too bad they're getting harder to find in stock. Definitely recommend them, along with the Java version."
Agio Mehari's,5 out of 5,Great!,Great!
Agio Mehari's,4 out of 5,"If you don't like my fire, I won't be offended if you don't sit by me.....","Just purchased these for the 1st time and it looks like I'm enjoying my 6th one right now. Nice little smoke and the price is nice. I'm not sure I understand the ""gets too hot"" complaints, unless those people have let the bright orangish-red part make contact with flesh, that probably would be too hot then."
Agio Mehari's,2 out of 5,Disappointed,"I am quite disappointed with these. They smoke hot and fast and are just fairly unpleasant.
I much prefer the Villiger Braniff No. 3 Maduro."
Agio Mehari's,5 out of 5,agio mehari's red orient,my son love's them and so do i.
Agio Mehari's,4 out of 5,They get a bit bitter,"They get a bit bitter at the end, but for a <10 minute smoke they are great. The Red Orientals may be a touch better."
Agio Mehari's,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Great Smoke and Great Value
Agio Mehari's,1 out of 5,Yuck!,"Very bad. Has a short-lived subtle pleasant aroma and taste, but quickly gives way to an overpowering bitter, cheap-tobacco flavor. Had the Ecuador years ago and was hoping this to be the same quality. Huge disappointment."
Agio Mehari's,4 out of 5,Nice short smoke,Lots of flavor. Great if you only have a few minutes. Little bite towards the end. Fairly priced.
Agio Mehari's,5 out of 5,Great service,"Good prices, great service,"
Agio Mehari's,4 out of 5,"Skinnier than expected, but flavorful","I normally get the Alta Gracia, but their coffee flavor was out of stock, so I tried these. I was surprised at their dimensions (skinnier and longer than other cigarillos - close to cigarette size) but the flavor was delightful. Medium coffee presence, and a good duration of smoke time. Burned a little hotter than others, but that wasn't an issue."
Agio Mehari's,4 out of 5,Pretty good,"A decent cigar, paid more, had less...I like them for a small, quick smoke.
Ready to try other flavor"
Agio Mehari's,4 out of 5,Loved the Sweet Orient better,"Apparently the sweet Orient was changed to Red Orient. They claim its same taste just different name. I beg to differ, but it'll do!"
Agio Mehari's,5 out of 5,Excellent,"Delivery and quality exactly what I have come to expect from CI, del'd to my destination address on time and rec'd by my hosts there pending my arrival.
I'll be back!"
Agio Mehari's,5 out of 5,"""Perfecto""","This product is top notch. This was my first time trying these, and I was a little worried about quality and taste. When I got this box of orient sweets in the mail I opened it up rite away, and I was like ""WOW"". I had to try one immediately, and I was not disappointed. These little cigars smoke just like their big brothers, great taste, great quality, and just the right size for a quick smoke. I would definitely buy these again, and again."
Agio Mehari's,5 out of 5,Agio Megan's Java - smooth taste,Nice short smoke with a smooth chocolatey taste. Great for when you only have a short time to smoke.
Agio Mehari's,5 out of 5,Always good,"A great short smoke. Tasty, nicely wrapped. Never a bad one in a box"
Agio Mehari's,5 out of 5,"Mehari Brazil, satisfying.","These are full flavored little smokes, perfect for when hounding have time for a big cigar and very satisfying for their size."
Agio Mehari's,4 out of 5,Nice Quick Smoke,Very smooth. Burns even. Great value
Agio Mehari's,5 out of 5,Finally I found it,"This is the smoke I have been looking for. It's the right size, the right medium strength and the right price. I've tried 5 other brands and I am really happy I found this for a nice convenient aromatic smoke."
AJ Fernandez Bellas Artes,5 out of 5,Bella Bella=Bellas,All 20 cigars were a work of art! So pretty and tasty! I can remember being so excited about a cigar since I first tasted and Opus X. Not really expensive but definitely a luxury taste and draw! My New Fav!!!!
AJ Fernandez Bellas Artes,5 out of 5,New Favorite,I bought a 5 pack of these based on a recommendation directly from AJ Fernandez. Asked for something similar to Man O War Ruination. He suggested Bellas Artes. These are superb cigars. Absolutely my new favorite. Quickly went through the 5 pack and ordered a box of 20. FYI pronounced Bay-as Ar-tess.
AJ Fernandez Bellas Artes,5 out of 5,Smooth,Very good smoke!
AJ Fernandez Bellas Artes,5 out of 5,Amazing smoke!,"Purchased a 5 pack soley based on the reviews and description. Something sounded really tasty about it and boy... I am not disappointed. As I smoked 1 with my neighbor, we both ordered a box. Very good"
AJ Fernandez Bellas Artes,5 out of 5,Excellent cigars.,"I bought a box of Short Churchill (Toro) 6 x 48 at CI. This AJ Fernández Bellas Artes got an A+ in terms of manufacture, roll, draw and burn are excellent in these Short Churchill. The tobacco in these cigars are good, leaning toward the full bodied kind. These taste really good and are well balance smokes."
AJ Fernandez Bellas Artes,5 out of 5,Good Smoke,"Solid, everyday cigar. Smooth, yet bold flavor."
AJ Fernandez Bellas Artes,5 out of 5,Bellas,Very fast delivery of the cigars
AJ Fernandez Bellas Artes,5 out of 5,Fantastic smoke!!!,Great long lasting smoke.
AJ Fernandez Bellas Artes,5 out of 5,fit for the mad maharajah of magador,Starts out gently but is not a light smoke and has a pleasant taste and is worth the price.
AJ Fernandez Bellas Artes,5 out of 5,Humidified it stands,"Simply the best, what with my allowance. No need to look further. Has taste that affords a luxury draw. Ought to be renamed, something like Prey or The Kapler."
AJ Fernandez Bellas Artes,5 out of 5,Excellent!,"Very good cigar. Perfect burn, nice salty wrapper, light spices and good long smoke."
AJ Fernandez Bellas Artes,5 out of 5,Don’t lose that blend!,Fine finish and an even more impressive first puff. We have a Pope.
AJ Fernandez Bellas Artes,5 out of 5,Bellas Artes,As usual AJ Fernandez has hit another one out of the ball park. Great smoke and unique flavor.
AJ Fernandez Bellas Artes,5 out of 5,Stunning smoke,"Absolutely stunning. I am a full bodied cigar smoker, but AJ has a way of satisfying me with medium and medium to full cigars that other blenders cannot! Every time I think he has outdone himself, the next cigar outdoes the rest."
AJ Fernandez Bellas Artes,5 out of 5,Way to go AJ!,"Wow! What a rich full flavored smoke! I've been on a Connecticut jag for a while so I was a little hesitant about this cigar! Believe you me...it was yummy! It's rated almost a full flavored smoke, but it was sooooo smooth that I must confess, it had me fooled...I am buying a box of these mellow masterpieces! Will recommend to all my cigar buddies! Outstanding cigars AJ!"
AJ Fernandez Bellas Artes Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,this is one of my favorite aj cigars. Burns perfect and has a strong flavor which I like.
AJ Fernandez Bellas Artes Maduro,5 out of 5,GREAT DEAL,"GREAT DEAL AND GREAT SMOKE, AJ FERNANDEZ MAKES MY FAVORITES SMOKES"
AJ Fernandez Enclave,4 out of 5,very nice smoke.,Nice good strong smoke. Enjoyed it.
AJ Fernandez Enclave,4 out of 5,One light cigar great smoke,One light cigar great smoke start to finish
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,Excellent.,Excellent.
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,"Very smooth,great tasting","Very smooth,great tasting"
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Always a good choice!
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,ENCLAVE,"NICE SMOKE. HAVE KEPT SOME IN MY HUMIDOR FOR THE LAST 5 YRS. GOOD CONSTRUCTION, GOOD BURN, GOOD TASTE."
AJ Fernandez Enclave,4 out of 5,Enclace,Excellent smoke burns well and carries flavor throughout
AJ Fernandez Enclave,4 out of 5,Habano for a camarroon lover,This really is a winner in all respects. I generally don’t go for rosado wrappers but I figured I’d give them a try for having a camarroon binder. It works!
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,Smother Than Silk,Every time I lite this cigar it seems like my first experience. Wonderful draw and seemless texture.
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,Enclave by A J Fernandez Churchill,"Beautifully constructed , great taste , slow burning cigar"
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke from start to,Excellent smoke from start to finish!
AJ Fernandez Enclave,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,Enclave Churchill,It's rare when a cigar remains consistent from start to finish. I would highly recommend this smoke when you have the time to enjoy the superb quality of this cigar.
AJ Fernandez Enclave,4 out of 5,Good with scotch,A little milder than i like but still very good to the last inch or so. I enjoyed it with a johnnie walker red on the rocks.
AJ Fernandez Enclave,3 out of 5,Blah! From an AJ fan,"I'm on my second Enclave over the past few months. I have to admit, I'm not very impressed. I was expecting a typical AJ medium to full flavor bomb but I'm getting a light, airy smoke. Maybe I got a bad batch but doubtful I will buy these again. I love AJ smokes but these two that I've had are not tasty even though the construction is fantastic."
AJ Fernandez Enclave,4 out of 5,Enclave,A nice cigar!
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,My fav cigar,These have become my favorite cigars. A great smoke.
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,Another fine cigar from AJF,Another fine cigar from AJF
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,Still needs time in the,Still needs time in the humidor but so far it's the best cigar I've ever had
AJ Fernandez Enclave,4 out of 5,R. Dauphinais,Nice mild-medium cigar. Slightly fragile ash.
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,Fantastic,Nicely refined cigar. My favorite AJF by far (and I have tried most of his cigars).
AJ Fernandez Enclave,4 out of 5,Great flavour easy draw,Great flavour easy draw
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,Robusto,Excellent smoke ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,AJ's Enclave,"I finally pulled the trigger on this masterpiece built by AJ and all I can say is Holy Smoke!! Consistent from first light till nub and an extremely flavorful experience. Well balanced and creamy tobacco flavor throughout, never a dull moment or touch up as this beauty burns perfectly. I strongly suggest you save your money and buy these, thanks AJ and CI"
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,Pleasantly supersized,"Got this cigar in a sampler pack and I smoked the cigar till the end
Good smoke out put, good taste, good draw, good construction and probably one of my favorite of this year!"
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,ENCLAVE ROBUSTO,PLEASANT TASTE. THE ENCLAVE HAS A GOOD DRAW AS WELL.
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,2nd best,"New Bellas Artes by AJ Ferandez even better but Enclave rich, with great taste."
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,The best!,From beginning to the end these are best smokes you can buy
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,Delicious,"First time smoking this it definitely needed a little bit of rest. 6 months later, it's legitimately incredible. Trust the aging process. Give it some time and you will not be disappointed. Dollar for dollar, this smoke is one of the best I've had!"
AJ Fernandez Enclave,3 out of 5,Ho Hum,The best of the three expressions of this brand is the Connecticut wrapper. This one starts to lose its flavor after about one quarter of the stogie is smoked.
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,It's An AJ,"Always enjoy AJ Fernandez cigars. No exception here. Nice burn, nice draw and flavor."
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,Nicely done...,May be AJ’s finest!
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,Enclave,"I have had one, because I wanted to try one as soon as I got them, the balance are resting for another month or so. For the value these were well worth the money. They had a smooth even burn, good flavor, and overall an enjoyable smoke."
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,Enclave AJ Fernandez,Great taste full flavor makes it one of my favorite
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,Medium body,This cigar has a nice wrapper and very good construction. A medium body with a toasty earthy flavor. The robusto is a relatively quick but enjoyable smoke
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,Best new cigar,This review is based solely on one Toro that I picked up at my local B&M....this is the best cigar I have tried in a very long time. Loved everything about it! I just ordered a box and can't wait for them to arrive....hope they are as good as the first!
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,AJ does it again!,A quality smoke good from start to finish.
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,Great taste and burn!!,Must have in humidor
AJ Fernandez Enclave,4 out of 5,Gene LaPorte,"Very good cigar, well made easy draw with pleasent after taste"
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,A J ENCLAVE ROBUSTO,"NICE TASTE, GOOD DRAW, A PLEASURE TO SMOKE"
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,Great Cigar!,"I have to admit I was a bit skeptical when I picked up these. I have been disappointed with other cigars from ""AJ"". I've smoked 3 of these so far in the last week. This stick is very good! Very good roll, very easy draw, tons of smoke, even burn and great tobacco flavor. They have a winner with this one. I will include these for some of my fellow ""Lovers of the Leaf"" at my Daughters wedding this fall. Please give these a try, they are very enjoyable."
AJ Fernandez Enclave,4 out of 5,not bad...,"good cigar, best fernandez cigar effort to date: doesn't have that cheap taste most of his other cigars have. it still isn't quite at the highest level of cigar, though, but getting closer. it ain't easy, baby."
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,Good stick,"Very smooth for full strength, will be buying more."
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,well worth it,"Another gem to aj's already huge library, try a five pack and you'll agree will the rest of these review, a amazing cigar to add to you rotation"
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,A winner,Just came back from Cigarfest and grabbed my first new cigar today. It's very smooth and at the same time flavorful. I'll definitely buy these.
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,AJ Fernandez Enclave; Homerun,"The Enclave is a great stick at the pricepoint. Plenty of flavor, consistent construction, and easily was added to my go to list."
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,Enclave,This cigar has become one of my favorites. Lots of smoke and good flavor.
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,Another Aj Classic is born,Love everything about this cigar from its label to the construction !!A+
AJ Fernandez Enclave,5 out of 5,Enclave is a stand alone amongst many others,"The dictionary describes Enclave as an area with people who are different in some way from the people in the areas around it. This is a cigar that lives up to its meaning. I see this cigar as a stand-out over and above the crowded cigars of our industry. Bellows of smoke from first light, then a little spicy, and then to a smooth finish. Definitely my go to cigar."
AJ Fernandez Enclave,3 out of 5,"Not a big Churchill fan,","Not a big Churchill fan, but enclave flavor and aroma among the best"
AJ Fernandez Enclave Broadleaf,5 out of 5,Good stick,I was surprised that the Enclave was offered with a darker wrapper! One of my favorites.
AJ Fernandez Enclave Broadleaf,5 out of 5,Awesome cigar. Worth the money.,Awesome cigar. Worth the money.
AJ Fernandez Enclave Broadleaf,5 out of 5,Anything AJ!,I can't really tell or taste CI's description of any cigar. I just know I get consistency out of any AJ blend...I always get some pepper/spice with hints of cream....and always good with a tequila resposado! AJ always wins
AJ Fernandez Enclave Broadleaf,5 out of 5,Excellent quality cigar,This is one of my favorite new cigars I have tried. It’s excellent and I revommend you try it too.
AJ Fernandez Enclave Broadleaf,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,I truly enjoy this cigar. Great taste and not too spicy.
AJ Fernandez Enclave Broadleaf,5 out of 5,Great,I think this is a great tasting cigar. It is full of flavor throughout the whole stick.
AJ Fernandez Enclave Broadleaf,5 out of 5,romantic aromatic,One of my favorites:strong and mild both at the same time. And with taste.
AJ Fernandez Enclave Broadleaf,5 out of 5,I think Aj has done it again!!!,This Delicious Dark Rich and Spicy stick will forever remain in my humidor. I absolutely recommend anyone who love full body full flavored cigars than this is a must try!!!
AJ Fernandez La Gran Llave Connecticut,5 out of 5,Top Notch,"I have been smoking for years and I love to try different blends. I have tried to many to count. I came across these a few months ago and I have to say that if I had to pick one, this would be it. Perfect draw, construction and so smooth. I highly recommend these and I find myself going back for more. Great stick!!!"
AJ Fernandez La Gran Llave Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,This is one of the best Connecticuts I've had in awhile. A solid medium to medium full profile with lots of spice and flavor. Burn and construction was perfect. Will definitely buy more.
AJ Fernandez La Gran Llave Maduro,4 out of 5,Nice smoke,a little strong in the beginning but mellowed right out. Very nice .
AJ Fernandez La Gran Llave Maduro,5 out of 5,First time I ordered them,First time I ordered them I think they’re good smoke
AJ Fernandez La Gran Llave Maduro,4 out of 5,Not bad.,Not bad.
AJ Fernandez La Gran Llave Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
AJ Fernandez La Gran Llave Maduro,5 out of 5,A pleasure. Burn may be,A pleasure. Burn may be fair.
AJ Fernandez La Gran Llave Maduro,4 out of 5,Solid smoke,"This is a longer stick any I usually smoke, but I enjoyed it all the same. I have smoked the robusto before, and enjoyed it. This one by the end was a little too strong for me."
AJ Fernandez La Gran Llave Maduro,5 out of 5,A great smoke from beginning,A great smoke from beginning to end. Wonderful flavor
AJ Fernandez La Gran Llave Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,This may be one of my new favorite cigars! Nice full body burns excellent all the way through!
AJ Fernandez La Gran Llave Maduro,4 out of 5,Very solid dark cigar,Very nice complex dark Maduro. These burned well and tasted great for me.
AJ Fernandez La Gran Llave Maduro,5 out of 5,What a wonderful surprise,This smoke went directly into my top 5 of all time
AJ Fernandez La Gran Llave Maduro,4 out of 5,Perfect drag,I’d give this Cigars 5 Stars if the flavor was better.
AJ Fernandez La Gran Llave Maduro,4 out of 5,"I enjoyed them, little spice","I enjoyed them, little spice and smooth smoke 👍"
AJ Fernandez La Gran Llave Maduro,5 out of 5,Hooked by the 2nd or 3rd draw,"Very impressed... the 2nd or 3rd draw I looked down to double check what i was smoking because the flavor was so wonderful. Will definitely be buying this one again, give it a shot, you won't be disappointed."
AJ Fernandez La Gran Llave Maduro,5 out of 5,nospacebar,beststickyet
AJ Fernandez La Gran Llave Maduro,5 out of 5,Can't say enough good things! (Don't read this if you set the prices for this cigar!),"Some of my favorite cigars are under the direction of A.J. Fernandez. The extra corona is the perfect sized smoke for walks around the neighborhood or driving across town. I have sampled all the sizes. My second favorite is the double corona. If you are at a BBQ or out for a long hike you have plenty of time with the double. an hour pulse! you get some clear transitions with the larger sizes but all are well constructed with great complex flavors. You don't have to baby these cigars they burn straight, cool, and long no matter what you are doing. I would almost go as far to say that, at there current price, they are undervalued. (cover your ears CI pricing department!)"
AJ Fernandez La Gran Llave Maduro,4 out of 5,Pretty good,I was expecting it to be a bit stronger but it was still an enjoyable smoke. The retrohale was very smooth and easy on the sinuses. There was no variation between the thirds but it didn't take away from the enjoyment.
AJ Fernandez Last Call,5 out of 5,New Favorite,"This cigar by AJ Fernandez is delicious from the first pull to the last. Excellent price, Thanks C&I!"
AJ Fernandez Last Call,4 out of 5,Great quick smoke,AJ Fernandez never disappoints
AJ Fernandez Last Call,5 out of 5,One of the better cigars,"The ""last call cigars""are a BIG SURPRISE, IT HAS A TOOTHY FLAVOR THAT WAS EXTREMELY PLEASENT. START TO FINISH WILL PLEASE THE MOST DESCERING SMOKER. A PLUS IS MY WIFE TELLS ME THEY ""DO NOT SMELL BAD"" .THET DRAW WELL, BURN IS EVEN, JUST A MUST TO HAVE IN YOUR COLLECTION. MAX OF TEAS"
AJ Fernandez Last Call Maduro,4 out of 5,"Great smoke! Good flavor, and","Great smoke! Good flavor, and for the price you can’t beat them"
AJ Fernandez Last Call Maduro,5 out of 5,Little Smoke Big Flavor!!!,These little smokes never disappoint. AJ knocked it out of the park. Throw some in the humidor for a quick smoke. The Pennsylvania Broadleaf is amazing!!!
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,great cigar,"AJ never disappoints, always a great smoke"
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,AJ New World Box Worthy,"Great Smoke, one of my go to cigar in my humidors."
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,My go to,My go to
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,Best cigars at the right price,Excellent service. Easy ordering. Delivery as fast as you want it
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,just the right flavor and,just the right flavor and strength for a bold stick.
AJ Fernandez New World,4 out of 5,"First time, did not dissapoint.","A little peppery/spicey for my taste, but the cigar is still grand, high quality."
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,We have a winner here,"Rich and spicy with a nice long finish. High points for draw, burn and construction. A no-brainer at this price."
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,Amazing Cigars,This is top 3 cigar for me. Just a superbly balanced smoke that has everything I’m looking for. These sticks are by far the most value you can get in a hand-rolled cigar.
AJ Fernandez New World,4 out of 5,A Fine Smoke,"This is a very good medium to full body cigar, I had an issue with the burn on one of the sticks. Other sticks have been fine though. The wrapper gives a strong aroma and delivers a good flavor throughout."
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,Excellent service,Thank you so much. You have a new customer
AJ Fernandez New World,4 out of 5,New World,"this is an outstanding cigar, the only reason for the 4 rating i had to make a minor touch up to the burn. no doubt the cap on this stick is the best i've ever smoked, moderately thick and crisp to the punch, stayed in place to the nub. personal rating 4.9!! thanx AJ"
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,"Tasty, well balanced. But I","Tasty, well balanced. But I believe that they could be cheaper if they didn't spend the money on putting the ribbons on the cigs"
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,Best cigar I have ever smoked,The blend is perfect the strength just right the taste very good worth every penny.
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,New World,Another fantastic blend by AJ Fernandez
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,Amazing Cigar,This is absolutely one of my favorite cigars. I am a daily smoker and this nails it for me. Great draw and very tasty.
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,God cigar,God cigar
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,AJ,This is a great cigar at and unbelievable price point! Full bodied yet smooth with great construction! Perfect draw and razor sharp burn line.
AJ Fernandez New World,4 out of 5,Perfect for a daily smoke.,"One of THE BEST cigars at this price. Consistently good burn, construction and flavor. Beautiful dark wrapperand always very smooth. Have not had a bad one yet!👍👍"
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,Great cigar and a great price,If you are looking for a med-full bodied cigar this is your ticket. Great smoke through and through. Awesome price point. Cant go wrong with an AJ
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,Excellent Smoke!,Bought 2 boxes. Very consistent. Even burn. Good flavor for the price point.
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,e,good
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,new world,very nice cigar smooth all the way through no let down wish I had bought two boxes will buy again
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,Quality smoke,Although I just started getting serious into cigars 3 years ago. This is my go to cigar for quality and reliability. Never have I ever had a new world cigar of poor quality. Very good medium to full smoke and well presented.
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,New World is a winner!,"I put these babies to rest for 4 months before smoking my first one. This is a wonderfully constructed, even burning, medium/full flavored cigar. This is now one of my top 3 cigars. Hard to go wrong with AJ Fernandez New World."
AJ Fernandez New World,4 out of 5,AJ awesome,It's a good smoke but I wish it was a 60.
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,My favorite AJ Fernández cigar,"I bought a box of Toro 6.5 x 55 at CI. I been smoking the following AJ Fernández cigars; H.Upmann AJ Fernández, San Lotano Réquiem, New World Puro Especial, Ramón Allones and Bellas Artes. This New World Toro is my favorite AJ Fernández cigar. Ramón Allones is consider the best of AJ Fernández by many people In the cigar business and of course is a wonderful cigar that I love. But these New World Toro are in the same Superb Podium of Arturo Fuente
Añejo and Don Carlos, Padrón 1964 Anniversary, Ernesto Pérez Carrillo La Historia and Encore, All the line of Ashton cigars brand. These New World cigars are just that great."
AJ Fernandez New World,4 out of 5,Decent smoke,"Nice smoke, nothing special, good for its price I guess."
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,Great tasting.,Great tasting cigar. Would buy it again.
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,The Best!!!,"Smooth from beginning to end. Every time I smoke this beautiful stick, I never want it to end. A complete cigar!!!!"
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,A favorite,"Both of my sons consider this a favorite smoke, as do I."
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,Great cigar. Can’t wait to get more.,Top Five on my List.
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,"AJ Fernandez, the most consistent blender","Any of the premium blends by AJ Fernandez, like New World, are all smokes that I would always rate 5 stars because they are always so consistently well made and suit my palate to a T. New World compares favorably to San Lotano, La Herencia, Man o War and my favorite Diesel, Rage. I’ve never had a bad AJF blended cigar."
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,Amazing,This is one incredible cigar!
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,My favorite everyday,No cigar better at this price point. I always pick up at least one when I’m at the cigar shop.
AJ Fernandez New World,4 out of 5,Good Cigar!,Really good cigar with an open draw and little spice. Very well made.
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,You can never go wrong!,You can never go wrong!
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,Great smoke at a great price,This is one of my go to sticks. Well balanced and flavorful a masterpiece by AJ.
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,Great cigar one of the best out there.,"One of the best cigars out there, it has great draw and burns evenly. Great blend of flavors and for the price can't beat it. I Smoke a lot of cigars and tried many different ones but always come back to this one hands down one of the best out there and always have these in the humidor."
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,New world,Very tasty
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,Good hearty smoke love the,Good hearty smoke love the Chunk
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,Great Full Bodied Cigar,"Great Cigar, full bodied. Really smooth relaxing. Wonderful flavor great for everyday or weekend smoke. I'm really impressed. This was not my first time purchasing this brand. I must say it will not be the last time purchasing!! I would recommend this cigar to those that want a full bodied cigar."
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,This is my top 3 cigars if not number one. AJ is right on with this one as usual. Perfect blend of flavors. Not into the nuances of each flavors but I know the flavor of great and it has it.
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,NEW SURPRISE,I recently purchased....these DANDIES! Wow..... never had had them before---- they were way beyond expectations! I will be reordering.......for sure!
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,Tasty Cigar.,"One of top three of all time. I only started in February and have many more to try, but this cigar is extremely tadty."
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,AJ Fernandez New World Virrey (gordo),"Absolutely, unequivocally my favorite cigar right now; I bought 3 boxes in one week earlier this month! This cigar checks off all the boxes in what I look for in a smoke. Lots of spice, a long finish, and that rich Nicaraguan flavor profile that AJ has simply mastered. Oh yeah, and at somewhere around 5 or 6 bucks a stick I can burn one as often as I want and still pay the mortgage. If you haven't tried this one yet and you enjoy a rich, flavorful cigar that won't break the bank you really owe it to yourself to try it.
As a side note, this blend really shines for me in the Virrey (gordo) size. The Toro is good, but I get more out of this vitola."
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,"A,J. Fernandes New World Robusto live up to the hype. It's a gem!","This is now my favorite cigar! Impeccable construction, excellent draw and even burn. The A.J. Fernandez New World has a medium full flavor profile that is rich from beginning to end."
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,Tops for Me.,"So far, my top fav. cigar. I still have a lot to learn and many sticks to try, but so far it was the most flavorful I’ve Enjoyed. 😎"
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar!,"I Prefer a round cigar as opposed to a square boxed pressed. That said, This stick was pure Joy from beginning to the end. Flavor, Burn, Texture. Pure Joy!"
AJ Fernandez New World,5 out of 5,A Big Fan.,Thus is another of my fav. Cigars. Luv’em.
AJ Fernandez New World Cameroon,5 out of 5,They are excellent cigars,They are excellent cigars
AJ Fernandez New World Cameroon,5 out of 5,Very good smoke,Very good smoke
AJ Fernandez New World Cameroon,5 out of 5,great cigar,i love AJ's cigars usually on the darker side but this one is nice and smooth and is the right strength .i will definitely buy again
AJ Fernandez New World Cameroon,5 out of 5,One of my favorites,I always know from the cold draw that I am about to enjoy effortless pleasure with the AJ new world. A relaxing full bodied experience at a reasonable price. Big fan of boxed pressed.
AJ Fernandez New World Cameroon,5 out of 5,One of my favorites,I always know from the cold draw that I am about to enjoy effortless pleasure with the AJ new world. A relaxing full bodied experience at a reasonable price. Big fan of boxed pressed.
AJ Fernandez New World Cameroon,4 out of 5,Another AJ hit,"I’ve yet to try a bad AJ cigar. This is no exception. Dittos on the flavors by the other guys. Well constructed with a nice draw.
Works well with the Courvoisier VS cognac I’m sipping. Try one, I think you’ll like it !"
AJ Fernandez New World Cameroon,4 out of 5,Love this cigar,Terrific cigar! Love the fullness and flavor. Has a great burn all of he way to get through!
AJ Fernandez New World Cameroon,5 out of 5,AJ's finest,"Beautiful Cameroon cigar well worth the
price, must-try!"
AJ Fernandez New World Cameroon,5 out of 5,Great cigar for the price!!,"It was comparing it with Montecristo white, I might rate it little lower but not much. But for this price, I can’t find a fault. It’s smooth with a hint of pepper. The best part is the draw on this cigar. It’s so easy!!"
AJ Fernandez New World Cameroon,4 out of 5,Fine Cigar,"Enjoyed the cigar very much, even though i'm not a fan of boxed pressed cigars"
AJ Fernandez New World Cameroon,5 out of 5,My new go to cameroon.,"Cedar, caramel and cinnamon sweetness. Towards the end, the pepper kicks in quite a bit, but not so overpowering, that it's a problem and the caramel cedar balances it out.
And the price is very reasonable.
For me, this one hits everything for a cameroon fan.
#CIMonteGiveaway"
AJ Fernandez New World Cameroon,5 out of 5,Outstanding,I have to take my hat off to my man AJ Fernandez. What a great cigar. Medium bodied with sweet carmel like flavors and a touch of spice. Simply delicious!!! Will definitely keep filling my humidor with these.
AJ Fernandez New World Cameroon,5 out of 5,A Wonderful Cameroon,Over the years I've found that I have a strong preference for Nicaraguan tobacco in cigars with Cameroon wrappers. This new offering from AJ Fernandez is an outstanding example of that combination. Highly recommended.
AJ Fernandez New World Cameroon,3 out of 5,Try at least once...,"Just “ok”- decent smoke but ash was everywhere, hon of glue on cap and crackssss in the wrapper- so construction issues."
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,4 out of 5,Solud smoke,These are very creamy and easy to smoke. Highly recommend. Good work AJ
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,Smooth,"This is a perfect smoke. It is smooth, fresh and ready to smoke. A great cigar!"
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,Very happy,Very happy
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,new world connecticut,one word excellent
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good mid range flavor stick,Good mid range flavor stick.
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,Another great stick from AJ!!,"After having 4 of the New World robusto sticks, I have to say that I am pleasantly surprised and more than satisfied with my purchase. Perfect burn and nice construction. I'm usually more of a full bodied smoker, but this was very satisfying for a ""lighter"" smoke. Flavor profile has some pepper on the first and last third, creamy smoke with cedar, hay and honey alternating throughout. I paired it with 3 fingers of Buffalo Trace with a few drops of Wild Turkey Honey bourbon. Perfect Christmas Day nightcap!"
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,Possibly my fav smoke right now,"Smoked many new world originals...after smoking 15 or so Conn I have come to love the Conn more than the original...
It has great subtle flavors and is not one dimensional like one might expect.... possibly my fav cigar right now"
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,4 out of 5,Likes them. But doesn’t love,Likes them. But doesn’t love them. Thanks!!
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,4 out of 5,Mr. BMW,This is a very good slow burner. Mild to medium cigar. Will purchase again
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,4 out of 5,Nice cigar,Like the robustos better
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,Best Connecticut there is.,"My favorite go to stick, medium bodied with a heavy flavorful smoke. If you like Connecticuts this is a must have."
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,New World Connecticut,Great smoke. Good with a morning cup of coffee.
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,Amazing smoke to the end...,Great and smooth cigar for a Connecticut with a medium feel. Definitely recommend it. Even draw and great quality control on every cigar.
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,4 out of 5,Tryed New World,Very nice stick. I will be buying more
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,2 out of 5,Will not be buying more...,"Bad construction to say the least. A.J. showed spank is son for making this cigar. Taste was okay, pretty bland though, and I just wanted to throw it out."
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,Good cigar - good price,Excellent service
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,AJ New World Connecticut,This is my favorite cigar. I don’t get tired of smoking them. I haven’t smoked one that I would rate below 5 stars.
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,Easy smoke,"Easy anytime cigar , relax , and enjoy"
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,My New World ‘Go To’!,I’m a casual cigar smoker and The New World Connecticut by A. J. Fernandez is my ‘Go To’ cigar. It’s smooooth smoky caramels blends well while sipping any bourbons. The aroma attracts other smokers to wondering what I’m smoking. Wonderful smoke for mild flavored stogie enthusiasts.
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,Smooth cigar,"I’m new to the cigar world and sampled a New World Connecticut with my son. I found the smoke to be smooth and mild with. Wet little after taste. That was enough for me to delve into the cigar world, ordering a box of AJF new world Connecticut Robusto along with a humidor and accesessories. Very good smoke!"
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great smoke,I'm not a cigar aficionado but I really enjoy the New World Connecticut Robusto. It stayed lit to the very end and was an easy draw and no after taste.
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great cigar,This is an excellent cigar to relax with. Pairs well with a cup of coffee or a light drink. Great taste.
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,My new favorite,Pretty new to cigars - mainly into mild-medium stuff. I had recently enjoyed the rocky patel connecticut '99 and asked my B&M for a recommendation that was just a hair stronger. They suggested the New World Connecticut; it's my new go to. It's the first cigar that I actually enjoyed the final 1/3 the most - Didn't want it to in. Will be buying a box soon!
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,3 out of 5,Not my Favorite,This cigar was a disappointment for me.
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,from the Land of something or other Habits,Satisfied. Who knew the land of steady habits could produce a decent cigar? Sweet but not indigestive.
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,A PERFECT SMOKE!,"A beautifully constructed cigar masterpiece. A.J. has done it again. It's smooth, flavorful, and extrudes abundant plumes of aromatic smoke. starts out mild, builds up to a healthy medium in strength. I gotta say, this cigar looks so good, I almost hated to smoke it. But, it would be stupid not to. I saw that someone had a problem with theirs. So, I dry-boxed them for 3 day. Then let them rest in the humidor for 4 weeks. Every single one was just as good as the others. Guys, cigars have to be nurtured, taken care of properly. Stored properly, etc. I've been smoking them for 46 years now. I know what I'm talking about."
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,Jeff,New World is one of those cigars that I always have on hand. They are an enjoyable smoke and I would recommend to everyone
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,2 out of 5,a little dissapointing,"I am a fan of mild to medium cigars and I had high expectations for the New World Connecticut because I am familiar with the AJ Fernandez brand and their reputation for quality. This cigar starts off well... it is handsome and well constructed. I like the silk wrapping at the foot and it even delivers a nice cold draw. That quality continues in that the cigar burns even and has a nice draw. The problem comes down to taste. It starts out a little flat and by the time you are half way in, its all ammonia'ed up. I've smoked three of these guys, all with the same experience. CI has some much better offerings in this category."
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,Good cigar for cheap,The best light cigar I have smoked. Is my favorite and has good taste throughout the entire cigar
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,4 out of 5,Very Nice,"Well rounded light smoke, with lots of flavor and texture"
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,Amazing,New cigar smoker here. I just finished this wonderful cigar with a glass of Johnny Walker Black after a long work week. One of the most interesting cigars I've had the opportunity to enjoy. Very smooth and creamy. Will be ordering a box very soon.
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,4 out of 5,Enjoyable,Good cigar
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,New World Connecticut,Awesome smoke that is full of flavor.
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,Really Good!,Very tasty and great price! Will order more of these!
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,Exceeded expectations,"Great smoke. This is coming from someone new to the cigar world. I purchased a box of 20 rubustos on a whim and I am so glad I did. Excellent flavor, even with it being a milder cigar. Life just seems better when you've got a piece of artwork like this in your hand."
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,Awesome stogies,Cigars are top notch came in with enough time and in great shape
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,New World Connecticut A Big Winner,"Regardless of the varied people gathered at a cigar club like ours, it seems to be a consensus that New World Connecticuts are an all around winner. Smooth and full of flavor, I have yet to meet a single person that didn't like this stick. In fact we have been giving them to our new members as a welcome aboard gift, enjoy your smoke Sir!"
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,Outstanding From Start to Finish!,Outstanding from start to finish. Make no mistake - this stick is mild but packs a nice mixture of creamy and peppery flavors. Tasty with a nice finish. Well done AJ!
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,4 out of 5,New world Conn,Arrived in good condition and in good time.
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,WOW,Excellent smoke!!!! AJ Fernandez always amazes me.
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,4 out of 5,Tony Delveccio,"I loved the New World when it won 2014 cigar of the year, so I had to try the Connecticut. The Connecticut is, as expected, a much milder stick. But it's performance was spot on. Perfect draw, razor sharp burn, with tons of smoke output. Smooth, creamy, nutty flavor stayed consistent right down to the nub. A great smoke if you're looking for something light."
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,a very good smoke,from the first one I tried I enjoyed every puff.
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,New World,"An exquisite smoke. Well balanced between rich,smooth and mild. Wonderful aroma"
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,Jim from olimpia,Great smoke.
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,This cigar is smooth and has good flavors and burns good.
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,4 out of 5,Always a good smoke,"The New World's are quite simply a very good, reasonably priced cigar."
AJ Fernandez New World Connecticut,4 out of 5,Incredible- and I usually don't even like connecticuts.,"I'm going to preface this by stating that I have never been a fan of Connecticuts. I try everything, and I jumped at the chance to smoke this one, as I am a ridonkulousky huuuge fan of AJ's smokes.
This is the most enjoyable Connecticut I've ever smoked, and I did enjoy it... very nice flavor, excellent razor sharp burn, no touch ups or relights... an excellent cigar all around. If you are into this type of cigar, you will absolutely love it.
With that being said, Im going to stick with the original New World... but I can't find any fault with this one."
AJ Fernandez New World Puro Especial,5 out of 5,Heavenly,"Just tried my first after 4 weeks in the humi, and its got Wow factor. Beautiful craftsmanship, burns and draws well, has a light chocolate and licorice profile, and totally smooth throughout. While rated as a medium strength, the smoothness cloaks the power of this beauty. Just heavenly, glad I got them, and will again."
AJ Fernandez New World Puro Especial,5 out of 5,New World Puro Especial Delivers!,"An absolutely wonderful cigar
The AJ Fernandez New World Puro Especial is an absolute gem! Excellent construction, burn and draw. It has a medium to medium/full flavor profile with notes of caramel, chocolate with a slightly sweet finish. Every manufacturer hypes their cigars; AJ Fernandes delivers!"
AJ Fernandez New World Puro Especial,4 out of 5,"New World, good world.","These taste good, really good tobacco. First class roll, draw and burn. Definitely AJ Fernández cigars are a serious thing in the tobacco business."
AJ Fernandez New World Puro Especial,5 out of 5,"FDC, WAIALUA, HI","Great medium body, nice burn. Took a chance and found a WINNER! Many AJs are more bold, not this one."
AJ Fernandez New World Puro Especial,5 out of 5,Let Them Sleep,"Tried these a little fresh and thought, “meh”. Then i let them sleep some months. Wow! What a great cigar now! The sleep did some wonders with this cigar. Didn’t want it to end as I smoked down to the nub."
AJ Fernandez New World Puro Especial,5 out of 5,Very good,Very good
AJ Fernandez New World Puro Especial,4 out of 5,Not the great flavor of,Not the great flavor of the New World but another fine blend from a master blender
AJ Fernandez New World Puro Especial,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,This is a delicious medium body cigar that is perfect in draw and burn. Smooth tasting and worth enjoying.
AJ Fernandez New World Puro Especial,5 out of 5,Awesome cigar,This is a great stick and one of my favorites from AJ Fernandez.
AJ Fernandez New World Puro Especial,4 out of 5,Good Puro,Good Puro
AJ Fernandez New World Puro Especial,5 out of 5,New World Puro Especial by AJ Fernandez Robusto,Great smoke and full of flavors. would recommend to anyone.
AJ Fernandez New World Puro Especial,5 out of 5,Old school,I had been searching for a cigar that had an aroma that was buried somewhere in my memory. I can only describe it as THE smell of a cigar. Finally found it. Construction is top notch. Flavors are excellent.
AJ Fernandez New World Puro Especial,4 out of 5,Four out of 5,"Smoked five, four had great draw and perfect burn. Great smoke and flavor. The other one, not so much hence the 4 star rating! Already ordered more"
AJ Fernandez New World Puro Especial,5 out of 5,How to write about a good cigar,"Good beginning, good finish, has taste which you can recognize if you smoked lesser quality cigars. Won’t say it’s nutty or woody like a wine “connoisseur, but leaves you with the satisfaction and fulfillment it creates."
AJ Fernandez New World Puro Especial,5 out of 5,Great,This is a great smoke
AJ Fernandez Ramon Allones,5 out of 5,Jackson 4.75,"Great cigar, but I needed to give it a full cut as my 9mm punch wasn't giving me the draw I prefer. I have a question about the 'Habano Corojo' terms used in its description. Doesn't Habano mean all the tobacco of the cigar comes from Cuba? Corojo is no longer grown, right? It doesn't matter, just curious...it's great cigar and I'll remember this one as one to keep a stock of!"
AJ Fernandez Ramon Allones,5 out of 5,Best AJ ever,"How does AJ do it? Don't really know, but he does, and with Ramon Allones he's created his best blend ever. As a huge fan I've rated his Romeo y Julieta, New World, Diesel Heart of Darkness, San Lotano and Monte all 5 stars; this one tops them all. And yes it's even better than his new Dias de Gloria which is REALLY good too! Aroma, draw, great taste throughout. A cigar smoker should ALWAYS have some of AJ's Ramon Allones in his/her humidor."
AJ Fernandez Ramon Allones,5 out of 5,Extremely good smokes.,"I bought a box of Churchill 7 x 50 at CI. Years ago I used to smoke Ramón Allones cigars when they were made at the Dominican Republic by General Cigar; Cameroon wrapper, Mexican binder, Dominican, Mexican and Jamaica filler(I checked out with two of my cigars books; The world encyclopedia of cigars by Julian Holland and The cigar companion by Anwer Bati and Simon Chase). This AJ Fernández Ramón Allones is a different kind of cigar, this is a super premium cigar. A mesmerizing intimate experience follow when you light up one of these AJ Ramón Allones Churchill."
AJ Fernandez Ramon Allones,5 out of 5,Best AJ yet,"Nothing else to say other than the fact that if you love anything AJ, you will love this smoke. this is on top of the list."
AJ Fernandez Ramon Allones,5 out of 5,A.J. Fernández,Top of the Line smoke best collaboration by AJ Fernandez hands down
AJ Fernandez Ramon Allones,5 out of 5,Perfecto!,"This stick has everything right. Perfect burn down to the last third, stong and flavorful, and a slow burner. Probably his best release to date. I didn't care for some of this other collaborations, but this is spot on! I'll definitely add these into the rotation!"
AJ Fernandez Ramon Allones,5 out of 5,Ramon allones,Amazing cigar full of flavor
AJ Fernandez Ramon Allones,5 out of 5,Fabulous Cigar!,"This is a fabulous stick. Starts out peppery, but then seems to mellow out a little on the back half. Well constructed with an almost perfect draw. One of the best AJ’s that I have smoked."
AJ Fernandez Rosa de Guadalupe,5 out of 5,outstanding,outstanding
AJ Fernandez Rosa de Guadalupe,4 out of 5,Will be buying more!,Will be buying more!
AJ Fernandez Rosa de Guadalupe,5 out of 5,Another great one from AJ,Tasty taste
AJ Fernandez Rosa de Guadalupe,4 out of 5,A friend,"Forget what you know about judgment. About ratings. About flavor profiles. This cigar is an old friend. I lit mine with both beer and and straight bourbon and found a good conversation within all 3. From it's light airy greetings to its fuller in depth richness, this smoke earned my respect.
It's a cigar made exceptionally well from all the right leaves. Its smokes like one. Tobacco in all its sweetness. Straight forward. Unpresumptiuous. The gordo held true. Holding court and occasionally holding back to accompany others. This is a good cigar. I would welcome it back around my fire anytime."
AJ Fernandez Rosa de Guadalupe,5 out of 5,Another Hit by AJ,"What a wonderful cigar, nothing crazy, not a Sunday cigar, just another hit from AJ, smoked a bunch now really consistent, nice spice , loads of smoke, if you’re out fishing, mowing the lawn, or just hanging it’s a great easy smoke. Try it you won’t be disappointed."
AJ Fernandez Rosa de Guadalupe,4 out of 5,Better with time,"bought these because most of AJ""s blends are fantastic,tried one after about four days of rest and almost regretted buying them,let them sit for another three or four weeks and tried again and man what a difference that made,easy draw strait burn line, medium bodied with flavors of earth and charred leather and i'm sure there""s more to come with a little extra time,it""s worth the wait"
AJ Fernandez Rosa de Guadalupe,4 out of 5,Another winner from AJ,"Another smooth and tasty line from A.J.
You never can go wrong...enjoyed 2 of them and this weekend will have another.....great smoke output and flavor."
AJ Fernandez Rosa de Guadalupe,4 out of 5,Nice cigar,"Ajs latest is very good, burns nice, tastes good. would buy again."
AJ Fernandez Rosa de Guadalupe,4 out of 5,Pleasantly Surprised!,Another winner from AJ... This guy makes the best blends ever.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,San Lotano Madura,"My first San Lotano came in a CI Sampler of AJ Fernandez labels. It was an outstanding cigar then and now.
If they ever tell me I have 60 days to live, I plan to order 60 San Lotanos to enjoy on my way out."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,One of the greats!,I fell in love with this 10 years ago when I first started smoking cigars. I still have yet to find another one to replace this one as my favorite!
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,Smoking good deal!!,"Out t of the 10-12 different cigars I regularly smoke.
These are my favorite !!!"
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,3 out of 5,San Lotano Oval,I had high expectations of this cigar as I saw a Youtube review of a San Lotano and had never smoked one. The presentation and construction of the cigar itself is perfect the issue I have is the cigar smokes very dry with an earth somewhat herbal taste. Very strong cigar without any complex flavors. For the price I think there are more enjoyable cigars to chose from. This cigar is for the experienced smoker as I occasionally had to lay down a little while to recover and I smoke a cigar daily.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,Celebrating a special evening with friends!,"Anything from the AJ factory is spectacular but for me the San Lotano stick is special. Oval in design , it is a good, even smoke , great feel in your hand , and always smooth to the finish. They are a real value compared to the more expensive brands out of Estelle. A special treat, not your every day smoke for sure."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,Best smoke I've ever had!,"There are many cigars I like, but only one I love. The San Lotano Oval Gordo would be my choice if I had to only smoke one cigar for the rest of my life. It's as close to perfection as I can imagine. Perfect Burn and draw, outstanding in every respect. Kudos AJ."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,San Lotano Oval Gordo,"Many reviewers have a cigar pallet that allows them to discern flavors and textures in various cigars. I do not have that talent. I do, however, know when a cigar is acceptable, better than normal or outstanding based purely on the stick I am enjoying at the moment. San Lotano Oval Gordo fits the ""outstanding"" category. Best way to describe this smoke is delicious. Full bodied flavor that hits all the right notes for one of my favorite cigars. Besides, A.J. Fernandez is my hero - I've never had a bad cigar from that shop."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,San lotano oval by AJ Fernandez,Beautifully constructed delicious smoke
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,good cigar,very good cigar
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,4 out of 5,Good smoke,I would recommend
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,very well made,very well made
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,4 out of 5,Oval,Friend gave me one a month ago and had to get a box. After first cigar I realized that I needed to let them age a bit
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,My favorite premium cigar!,"My favorite premium cigar! Love the oval, box-pressed shape. Good burn, Good taste."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,4 out of 5,Could become a regular,I took a bit of a gamble buying a box of these because the price was so good and I was really glad I did. This is a smooth medium cigar that produces good smoke and has a reasonable draw. If only I had a bigger humidor to take advantage of the great pricing.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,4 out of 5,Good smoke; little pricey!,Good smoke; little pricey!
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,4 out of 5,Really good smoke,Perfect size and a great burn.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,Armada salomons,Really special cigar!
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,Always a great cigar. AJ,Always a great cigar. AJ takes pride in every cigar he produces.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,Top of the non-food chain,"First-rate, perfect finish down to the nub."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,My new favorite,very pleasing cigar a little nutty a little spicy but with just the right taste for the perfect smoke these are a must have for everyone’s humidor
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,One of the Best,One of the best cigars on the planet earth. It is awesome and in my top 3 go to favorite cigars.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,3 out of 5,"Full, harsh, dry.","First off, I love AJ Fernandez' cigars. I recently replenished my humidors with several hundred dollars worth of cigars, including 2 boxes of San Lotano Oval Robusto. I loved these cigars when I smoked them around 2010-2012, so I was excited to try the new batch. I lit one upon receipt and it was a harsh, dry smoke, full somewhat bitter leathery flavor. I let them rest for 3 humidor days and fired up another one. Still harsh, leathery, a little bitter and dry, and I wondered where the spices went. I wait a week, same result. I am sad because I do not recall these cigars to be much better years ago. Maybe my taste buds have changed. But now I have a lot of golf cigars to share."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,San lotano oval.,As smooth as it gets with a ton of flavor. I only wish they were cheaper. Absolutely one of my favorites.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"Never had a bad aj fernandez cigar,wish all cigars were made to the standard of his"
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,Wonderful Smoke!!,"This cigar is a beauty. The construction is flawless, the flavors are intense, and I can't put it down. One of the top cigars I've smoked all year. Highly recommended... DR"
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,4 out of 5,San Lotano,"Pleasantly surprised by this cigar, nice burn, easy draw, and very flavorful all the way through."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Nice draw great smoke with single malt scotch
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,4 out of 5,Coastal musings,"As with all AJ upper offerings the San Lotano has high end construction and perfect draw. The flavor profile is smooth and strength is sophisticated in that it is not st all harsh or rough.
Worth the money which is difficult to say for a large number of sticks in the market!"
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,"A.J.Fernandez, premium cigar blends","The San Lotano ovals are smooth, flavorful and the oval shape makes them easy to handle.
Great cigar to relax with."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,Great sticks,"Great sticks, smoke billows, taste is well above par, construction flawless. What else is there to say?"
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,San Lotano - One of the Best Cigars,"The first San Lotanos I tried came as a part of an A.J.Fernandez sampler pack. They were outstanding smokes, but expensive. On sale this month I couldn't resist."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,San Lantano Oval,Delightful from start to finish. This has been one of my favorites for years and never fails to please. Highly recommended!
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,San Latano Oval,"I've smoked these cigars for years, one of my favorite go to puffs. Med/ Full with plenty flavor."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,"Good smoke and burn. Nice shape, for the money one of my faves. Just ordered more"
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,4 out of 5,Yum,"Hearty, Earthy, smooth and full bodied satisfying smoke."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,San Latano Smokes,Really enjoyed every puff of this fine cigar.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,I'm not very good at,I'm not very good at describing the taste of cigars. I do know that I love this cigar. A.J. makes some really great smokes!
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,Wonderful,Wonderful
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,Fantastic smoke!,"I normally prefer full body cigars, but purchased a box of these toros after reading the reviews. Excellent smoke; beautifully constructed, perfect burn, and much more flavor than I expected. Delicious."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,Tasty smoke,"A very enjoyable cigar.
Cigar has a nice burn and flavor.
A nice hour smoke."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval,5 out of 5,San Latono Oval,"I am already a big fan of AJ Fernandez. And this cigar did not disappoint in any way. The cigar is very smooth and balanced, I have never had an oval-shaped cigar, but I truly enjoyed this shape, the draw was perfect. The flavor does not blow you away with complexity, but that is not a problem, it is very smooth and delicious, and a true joy to smoke! I will definitely be keeping an eye open for more great deals on this one!"
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great Short Smoke,Great Cigar - Highly recommend for a mild cigar
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Connecticut,4 out of 5,smooth,Nice smoke
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Connecticut,5 out of 5,Smooth tast even burn and,Smooth tast even burn and just the right size for 9 holes of golf.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Connecticut,5 out of 5,Wonderful smoke,Love this one. I compare any Connecticut smoke I get to this one. Smooth and flavorful. This is my top Connecticut cigar to have.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Connecticut,5 out of 5,Smooth good smelling,Smooth good smelling
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Connecticut,5 out of 5,San Lotano Connecticut 6.5 Toro,Nice long smoke. It has an easy draw and fine ash. Medium spicy smoke that grows a little stronger towards the end. I will be buying more of these.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Connecticut,5 out of 5,Squarepress? Oval's are New Kid on Block,"San Lotano oval shape are a really good smoke!
They draw super easy, I usually just punch the cap and I'm good to go. Nice and even burn throughout. Mild cigar to really kick back and enjoy. This is my first box I bought but it won't be my last! Thanks CI"
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Connecticut,4 out of 5,Pretty decent smoke,Gave it 4 stars because a couple burned uneven. Maybe box press cigars are common for that. Other than that the taste is great.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,Great smoke!
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Connecticut,4 out of 5,It’s a very mild cigar,It’s a very mild cigar with Wood mixed coffe flavor very sastifying everyday smoking. I recommending this cigar
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good smoke--a little pricey!,Good smoke--a little pricey!
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Connecticut,5 out of 5,A very well made and,A very well made and flavorful cagar
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Connecticut,3 out of 5,Ok,Ok
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Connecticut,4 out of 5,Go to cigar,"A great go to cigar for a relaxing evening on the patio with a drink in hand. Smooth with a great draw, stays lit without constant relighting."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Connecticut,4 out of 5,Smooth and light,nice burning cigar. smooth and consistent burn. lighter flavor for summer gin and tonics.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,5 out of 5,Great stick! Just buy!!!,"Amazing stick! I’m new to smoking only smoked about a 100 sticks but I can say this is my favorite. I’ve smoked Padron, dunbarton, drew estates, caldwells, etc.. and these still stand out. Bought a 5 pack on a whim and then bought a box. Some spice, chocolate, and coffee. I’m down to about 12 or so and will be sad when they are gone. Jump on these...especially if they are on sale!"
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,5 out of 5,Very nice cigar,Very nice cigar
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,5 out of 5,San lotano oval,"Very nice smoke, well constructed good taste"
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,5 out of 5,San Lotano,Great cigar
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,5 out of 5,San lot another oval,Great!!! Nothing to say but great
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,5 out of 5,Starts slow then blossoms.,"Really good cigar. Get an Oliva V feel out of it....which is great. Upon lighting I get sort of a plain jane tobacco aroma and taste on the palate. Nothing bad but nothing special. About half to 3/4 inch in, this cigar blossoms with toastiness, some nuts and a good bit of cocoa powder. Remains that way down to the nub. Delicious!"
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,5 out of 5,Not Your Mom’s Maduro,Another great cigar from AJ. It’s a little different from the normal Maduro. If you’re looking for the normal sweetness this offers a little different flavors. Definitely recommend.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,5 out of 5,Love this one,Wonderful flavor with a nice draw. Don’t have any complaints and will reorder.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,5 out of 5,AJ’s Great Again!,What a great cigar! I usually try to let them sit for awhile but had to try this ROTT as I’ve not had before. AJ again nailed it! Sweet but yet some spice. Can’t wait to smoke after some time in the humidor. Give them a try!
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,5 out of 5,Hope for the continuance of the original.,This is excellent. What is excellent is a sweet start and finish and an unbelievable taste.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,4 out of 5,Like a Fine Wine,It’s meant to be sipped & savoured
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,4 out of 5,"An okay cigar, but a","An okay cigar, but a lot better brands available"
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,5 out of 5,san lotano maduro,This is a great cigar .long burning. Easy draw full of spice and a good balance of strength and flavor.I would definitely buy it again. Roger G
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,5 out of 5,Maduro smoker,This cigar burns nice and slow with gobs of smoke! No relight necessary and flavors are just what I want. I am starting to realize AJ Fernandez is a cigar genius!
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,3 out of 5,Jackpot,With this deal l feel l hit the jackpot and laugh all the way to the bank.....
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,5 out of 5,"Silky, mellow and full of flavor","Some cigars are full of flavor but have a harsh back of the nose or throat smoke. These have none of that. First draw was all fresh cut wood; cedar, cherry and oak. Second was leather and oak. Third had coffee and pepper. Halfway through, a grapefruit citrus flavor was on the lips. Hints of chocolate and black pepper throughout. After a month in the tupperdore, it had a perfect easy draw and a relatively even burn. This is one of four or five out of about fifty cigars that I've tried that I'm excited to enjoy again. Thanks CI!"
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,5 out of 5,Good,Good
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,3 out of 5,Too Loose,Smoked to fast
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,4 out of 5,Fresh and tasty.,Fresh and tasty.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,5 out of 5,Nice cigar,"Well constructed, even burning smooth smoke with various hints of earth, leather, oak and coffee. Will buy again."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,5 out of 5,San Lotano Oval gordo,"AHh.... one of my favorites from their inception!
Never a Bad light/draw/taste . Great flavor with some strength building throughout the smoke and always well worth the enjoyment value"
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,5 out of 5,San Lotano Oval Maduro,"Excellent smoke! Full of flavor great draw, all of that an a excellent price! AJ Fernandez has done it again!"
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,5 out of 5,Outstandin,Outstandin
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,5 out of 5,San Lotano Oval Maduro,An outstanding smoke. Excellent flavor and a nice even burn. A must try.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent San Lotano,Have enjoyed these previously and this recent purchase makes me wonder why I don’t more often!
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,5 out of 5,San Lotano oval maduro,A Great every day smoke
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,5 out of 5,Awesome,Awesome
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,5 out of 5,San Lotano Oval Maduro,Very full bodied cigar! I prefer a cigar not quite with that much body.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,5 out of 5,San Latino oval maduro,This has become one of my top ten on my list of favorite cigars.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Oval Maduro,4 out of 5,A smoke generator,"This is a great cigar. From the shape, silky smooth wrapper and torrential stream of smoke, a real winner. Smooth and strong I love the maduro and the slightly milder natural as well."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem,5 out of 5,Great Smoke!,Great smoke! Will buy again. Really enjoyed this cigar.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem,5 out of 5,ANOTHER MASTERPIECE FROM AJ FERNANDEZ,"Don't doubt anything AJ Fernandez has his hands in. The box-pressed robust requiem Maduro has become one of my favorite sticks & I've only smoked 2 of them. Smooth, huge plumes of thick smoke & a consistent even burn right down to the nub. And the flavor is so smooth I didn't realize it was on the strong end of the cigar spectrum. When these are on sale-stock up. You won't be disappointed."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem,5 out of 5,"One of the best cigars I have in my humidors, if not the best. I took a trip to Cuba last year and purchased some Cubans when it was legal to bring them back and quite honestly, San Lotano stands up to the best of the Cubans, my favorite Cuban is Montecristo No. 2 and San Lotano is right up there with it.","It's a medium to full smoke but not overpowering with a lot of flavor. I really cannot identify the flavors but its a ""physical"" pleasure to smoke a San Lotano. It's smooth, sort of almost creamy, I purchase it every time I get low."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem,5 out of 5,The best time of the year,I look forward every time I smoke one of these. Smooth taste down to the nub.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem,5 out of 5,Very pleased,This is my go to cigar. If seems to pair perfectly with so many liquids...including water...lol
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem,5 out of 5,Smiles,Very pleased
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem,5 out of 5,San Lotano Habano,I bought these for my son and he was very happy. He has a hard time finding these locally. This is his favorite cigar and couldn't stop talking about how good they were.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem,5 out of 5,Excellent!,Can't go wrong with AJF Habano.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem,5 out of 5,San Latano,Smoked well little bit tight on the draw first third after lighting. Good smoke!!
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem,5 out of 5,AJF San Lotano Habano in Robusto,"This is an outstanding cigar. Everything you've come to expect from AJF. Construction is flawless, burn line razor sharp, flavors are great and get even better on the retrohale. My wife (not a cigar smoker) even commented that she was not ""bothered"" by the after-smell when I came back into the house. Winner winner chicken dinner! Guess I'll be getting quite a few more of them."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem,5 out of 5,My favorite cigar thus far.,"I am relatively new to the world of premium cigars. My father introduced me to this wonderful world by giving me a Cuban to celebrate the purchase of our new house. This was back in June 2015. As I write this review in December 2015, I have jumped head first into the ""hobby"" of procuring & enjoying these wonderful little works of art.
As I've now been smoking cigars for 6 months, I rate the San Lotano Habano as my hands down favorite cigar. It's combination of perfect construction on incredible flavors make it #1 in my cigar inventory spreadsheet. I am particularly fond of the cocoa/chocolate flavors.
Take this for what it's worth, but these beaut's are my favorite."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem,5 out of 5,By far my favorite non,By far my favorite non Cuban cigar!
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem,5 out of 5,Joe Golf,"Great cigar, always very consistent."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem,4 out of 5,Christopher Wise,"Very smooth flavorful smoke.
This cigar has a nice even burn.
This is a cigar you want to smoke while
BBQing or after dinner."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Connecticut,5 out of 5,Like this cigar very much.,Nice mild/medium smooth smoke. Hard to find them though.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Connecticut,5 out of 5,Will buy again,"Good draw, even burn, and liked the mild flavor. Would recommend these!"
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Connecticut,3 out of 5,Not the best by AJF,"Not the best by AJF, moderate draw, cigars are kind of soft and I got a full box of 20, there are some nice flavors in it but the construction of this cigar is not the best. Won't be getting anymore of this, I was expecting so much more from a San Lotano."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Connecticut,5 out of 5,Life in Connecticut,"I lived in CT for 33 yrs. We still had a good kosher deli and a movie about CT’s tobacco fields with that actor who reminded us of Tab Hunter co-starred with Sandra Dee. I never had a CT wrapper before this, however, because of my prejudices, but I would buy this item again and again. And always a minute too soon."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Connecticut,5 out of 5,San Lotano Conneticut Churchill,"Great Cigar-wonderful taste,even burning-one of my favorites!"
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Connecticut,5 out of 5,"Great cigar: great wrapper, great","Great cigar: great wrapper, great taste, burns evenly. A real quality cigar. My neighbors are envious!"
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Connecticut,4 out of 5,Solid Smoke,"This falls into the ""not your grandfather's connecticut."" If you like a solid medium Ct with alot of flavor, this wont disappoint. Check out MMAO, and you cant go wrong."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Connecticut,5 out of 5,"Fast shipping, great cigars at great prices",Wonderful deal and very fast shipping!
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Connecticut,4 out of 5,Go to Cigar,"San Lotano are my go to cigars. No matter the occasion, may it be the golf course, or on the patio with a glass of port they are great. They have a great draw and hold their flavor from start to finish."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Connecticut,5 out of 5,Holy Smoke!!!,"Holy Smoke! Best Connecticut I've ever had. So many times I am left disappointed by the underwhelming experience of a Connecticut but not this time. The San Lotano Connecticut Robusto shattered all of my preconceived notions of what a Connecticut could be. This stick oozes flavor and creamy smoke that, in my opinion is closer to a medium bodied cigar. I enjoy it late morning/early afternoon with a cup of espresso and it is pure bliss. I bought a 5 pack to try yet this will be my next box purchase. Give them a try and you'll be a believer too."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great Every Day Cigar,"Well rolled, smooth, holds the ash very well, and overall very enjoyable. One of my favorites."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great,Great
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great Cigar-burns slow and even,Great Cigar-burns slow and even and tastes fantastic!
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Maduro,4 out of 5,Good Cigar.,"Good Cigar. Not my preferred flavor profile, but still a good cigar."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Maduro,5 out of 5,maduro toro,even burn good flavor good quality throughout
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Maduro,5 out of 5,Da best,Love em
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Very nice draw with a medium Maduro. San Andres wrapper makes the cigar.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Maduro,5 out of 5,Wonderful Flavor,"This is a full bodied, flavor packed, AJ Fernandez treat!!! Flavors of leather and oak in a well constructed easy smoking cigar."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Maduro,5 out of 5,Backordered,I will await their arrival patiently. The free whiskey shot glasses did arrive. Also the 2 extras I inadvertently put in the order unwittingly. And I don’t drink. Thanks a lot.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Maduro Taste,A very enjoyable maduro tasting cigar. Not too heavy. A cigar for someone wanted to try a maduro smoke. This one will not disappoint.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Maduro,5 out of 5,"Excellent cigar,smooth flavor,great taste 8⭐️👍",Toro gordo
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Maduro,5 out of 5,Smooth enjoyable cigar.,"Provides a number of enjoyable flavors, with a small amount of pepper at the end. Excellent go to, frequent cigar."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Maduro,5 out of 5,Best cigars,"Always keep a few in the humidor. Love this smoke, what a great purchase year after year. Always a go to and must have!"
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Maduro,4 out of 5,They were very good,A fairly strong spoke but very good
AJ Fernandez San Lotano Requiem Maduro,5 out of 5,Hits the spot,"I don't claim to be an aficianado on flavors eminating from my cigars, in fact I often doubt whether reviwers actually taste what they say they taste. If they do, I am envious. With that said, if a cigar hits the spot and doesn't offend my taste buds then it was a good cigar. San Latano does this for me."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano The Bull,5 out of 5,Not for the noviest smoker,Solid box pressed cigar. The Nicaraguan filler is spicy and bold. Good construction. The performance is great. Solid medium to full body stick. Excellent price point.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano The Bull,5 out of 5,no bull,Great start but a bit used up by the finish.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano The Bull,5 out of 5,dependable,Good finish. You know you will not be let down.
AJ Fernandez San Lotano The Bull,4 out of 5,The Bull,"Very solid taste, never had a bad one."
AJ Fernandez San Lotano The Bull,5 out of 5,Great!,"I've always been an AJ Fernandez fan. This toro is just great overall, the taste is excellent, the draw is pretty good, and it's pretty spicy. I'm always going to buy more of these bad boys"
AJ Fernandez San Lotano The Bull,4 out of 5,my accountant recommended San Lotano The Bull Toro,I was doing my taxes and speaking with my accountant he recommended this smoke. I loved it. it was a great smoke from start to finish. I will be reordering it again.
Al Capone,4 out of 5,Good quick smoke,Really nice when you just have time for a quick smoke. Flavor is very good also.
Al Capone,5 out of 5,love them,love them
Al Capone,5 out of 5,Best small smoke,I’ve enjoyed these for years. Good price point and small enough to enjoy during those ever so fleeting mental-recovery moments in life.
Al Capone,5 out of 5,I love these cigars!,I love these cigars!
Al Capone,5 out of 5,I love the taste and,I love the taste and aroma.
Al Capone,4 out of 5,not bad,good for a fast break
Al Capone,5 out of 5,The product arrives on time,The product arrives on time and not damaged.Easy ordering on line. Very convenient.
Al Capone,5 out of 5,Al Capone's,I like these little things. Convenient when I don't have time for a full cigar.
Al Capone,5 out of 5,Al Capone Cigarillos,Great little smoke! Never disappoints! Always satisfies that craving for high quality enjoyment.
Al Capone,5 out of 5,Good flavor,Got these for my husband as he's smoked them before & like the smell of these as I dont smoke & dont like the cigarette smell
Al Capone,5 out of 5,"Great cigarillos and fast service,","Great cigarillos and fast service, thanks"
Al Capone,4 out of 5,Quick and tasty,"Nice little flavored end, quick smoke, in a crush resistant plastic pack. Bought the box of 100, with 10 ten packs, split them with my sons. Wife even enjoys these little smokes. I will say, you need to keep puffin, or you'll need to keep relighting. LOL They go out quick."
Al Capone,4 out of 5,Decent little smokers,While I think the quality may have diminished over the years I continue to regularly purchase these. Decent smoke that's just a bit harsh but still quite enjoyable. Hats off to CI for offering a veteran's discount. Why I'll keep coming back!
Al Capone,4 out of 5,Al Capone’s,Good and quick but harsh
Al Capone,4 out of 5,Al Capone’s,Peppery but not bad quick smoke
Al Capone,4 out of 5,Good,Good
Al Capone,5 out of 5,Love these cigarillos!,"Smooth, sweet, and very mild. Love these cigarillos!"
Al Capone,5 out of 5,Al capones,Great cigars. Awesome deall. Looking forward to future promos.
Al Capone,5 out of 5,Very good,Very good
Al Capone,5 out of 5,Al Cape Cognac Filtered Cigarillos,"Only brand/type I will smoke. Smoooth, cool flavor."
Al Capone,5 out of 5,Al Capone Sweets cigar turbo,Nice smoke definitely will order more in future
Al Capone,4 out of 5,Al capone Jamaican blaze,A very smooth taste pleasantly surprised
Al Capone,4 out of 5,Nice cigar,"Nice taste, and love the size."
Al Capone,5 out of 5,Consistent,Consistent
Al Capone,5 out of 5,NUMBER ONE,Al Capone cognac- dipped cigarillos are by far the best smoke on the market today. I'll smoke nothing else.
Al Capone,5 out of 5,These are great for on the go!,I used to smoke the regular cognac dipped until I discovered the tubo now these are all I smoke when I'm on the go or want something that I won't need as much time to enjoy like an Ashton Vsg Wizard.
Al Capone,5 out of 5,I like these little guys,I like these little guys when I only have 5 or 10 minutes to smoke. Very handy.
Al Capone,5 out of 5,A very smove smoke,A very smove smoke
Al Capone,5 out of 5,Good substitute,Worked in a pinch until the non filtered came back into stock.
Al Capone,5 out of 5,Awesome cigar!,👍👍
Al Capone,5 out of 5,Al Capone Sweet Cigar Tubo,were nice smokes will buy again 5 stars
Al Capone,5 out of 5,Sweet!,"Sweet and smooth for when your on the move! Got them for gift for a friend and smoked them all before Christmas, lol gift card time to replace gidt."
Al Capone,5 out of 5,Great product and price!,Great product and price!
Al Capone,5 out of 5,Am Capone,Great value..unbelievable sweet taste
Al Capone,5 out of 5,Deliuhhb,Therr good
Al Capone,5 out of 5,Good,I like
Al Capone,3 out of 5,Service from CI is always,Service from CI is always great but over the years the quality of Capones has been dropping. Lots of stems included and they now roll them too tightly. Not consistent from pack to pack.
Al Capone,4 out of 5,Best prices and excellent service,I love buying my cigars from cigar international but it's a little over priced over other online cigar stores
Al Capone,5 out of 5,Grreat product,Great customer service amd products I recommend you highly.
Al Capone,5 out of 5,Cigar review,Ordered for my husband - he likes them.
Al Capone,5 out of 5,Very nice,"Very nice cigar, perfect with a highball, love the tube, keeps them safe in the golf bag"
Al Capone,2 out of 5,Sandy,Not sweet at all and burns very fast. Not too thrilled with these
Al Capone,5 out of 5,Al Capone Sweet Cigar Tubo,It's about time they made them bigger! I hope they roll a full size.
Alec & Bradley Blind Faith,5 out of 5,"Really nice, smooth cigar.",Got lots of good feedback from customers who received one at a recent event.
Alec & Bradley Blind Faith,5 out of 5,Just plain enjoyable,"Wonderful smoke. I have long enjoyed Alec Bradley Black Market, and my normal go to is Oliva V. I was looking for something different on this order ad I remembered that the Blind Faith had received a best of 2019 rating. I was not disappointed. I enjoyed the first one with my morning coffee and I found it paired beautifully. The 2nd one I had with a few glasses of bourbon and was incredibly satisfied. Highly recommend."
Alec & Bradley Blind Faith,5 out of 5,Will be a regular addition to my stash!,"Truth be told, I didn’t get this from CI. Left my house without grabbing a stick first and was stranded on Staten Island without a smoke for the ride home! Found a small shop and picked up one of these beauties. Great smoke. Not quite full bodied, but a little more depth than a medium. Consistent quality all the way down to the burnt fingers!"
Alec & Bradley Gatekeeper,4 out of 5,Gatekeeper Solid,Fantastic medium body cigar! I love the sweetness off the Ecuador Habano wrapper. It’s very well made with a great even burn... By far my favorite Alec & Bradley cigar. As a collector of cigar labels this artwork is sweet too... Well done
Alec & Bradley Gatekeeper,5 out of 5,The Brother of the Leaf,"Brilliant cigar, well done brothers"
Alec & Bradley Gatekeeper,5 out of 5,Bradley’s Do It Again,"Fantastic medium body smoke!! Perfect construction, one of the best burn temperatures of any Robusto I’ve had. If I had to pick a favorite cigar family it would be the Bradley’s, and this stick just further solidifies why."
Alec & Bradley Gatekeeper,5 out of 5,Gatekeeper,very very nice
Alec & Bradley Gatekeeper,5 out of 5,A fantastic cigar!,"Got my hands on a box of these at my local cigar lounge at an event and had the pleasure of meeting Bradley himself. I was expecting it to be like their Black Market Esteli (great cigar) and I was thrown off by how different it is. Great flavor, has some sweetness with a hint of pepper. Nice even burn and the flavor only improves as you smoke it. I smoked it all the way to the head and it doesn’t get bitter. This is my new go-to cigar and I highly recommend it!"
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,4 out of 5,Excellent price point for an,Excellent price point for an excellent cigar!
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,5 out of 5,These have been great. At,These have been great. At a price you can’t beat
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,4 out of 5,Great Smoke for the Money,Smooth burning and great flavor. I will definitely order these again.
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,5 out of 5,ALEC BRADLEY 2NDS,Smooth easy draw good tasteing
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,5 out of 5,Good,Nice cigar good garage smoke
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,5 out of 5,Great cigar for a factory second,Excellent smoke for the money
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,5 out of 5,2nds are a great buy.,Cannot tell any difference in these seconds compared to the real thing. I do have to say they came dry but its an easy fix. They smoke great and taste great. Will buy again for sure.
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,4 out of 5,Good,Nice robust smoke-
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,5 out of 5,Really enjoy the smoke.,Really enjoy the smoke.
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,4 out of 5,Enjoy,Enjoy
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,5 out of 5,Nice cigar,"Very nice cigar, service no so much."
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,5 out of 5,Don't buy,"Save more for me! A solid smoke for a great price, buy them all the time."
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,4 out of 5,These are okay,Some issues but they are seconds after all. They smoke a little fast compared to others but tasty.
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,4 out of 5,Good value,Good value
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,4 out of 5,Terrific Bang for the Buck!,"Perfect for every day, these are excellent cigars at below bargain basement prices."
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,5 out of 5,You won't beleive it's a 2nd!,Great cigars! I was too busy enjoying them to think why they aren't 1st's...
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,3 out of 5,very good cigar for the,very good cigar for the price
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,5 out of 5,Good cigar.,I love the 2nds. Quality cigar for a cheaper price. I haven’t found a flaw that effects how the cigar smokes in any way.
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,5 out of 5,Nice,For it being small it had a good punch to it i liked them. I took some to work and smoked one while at work. I do security so walking and puffing was good.
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,3 out of 5,Don't expect quality taste,"May be just my expectations but its just bad tasting as in a very cheap cigar. I don't even know if it has taste, tones. Its just like smoking a cheap cigar and you know how those taste."
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,4 out of 5,Great value,Good cigar at great price!
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,5 out of 5,Excellent For The Price!,These never disappoint. I order these all the time as my everyday smokes. Almost didn’t want to say anything because I don’t want them to run out!
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,5 out of 5,My favorite daily!!,Never disappoints.
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,4 out of 5,No regrets,"These are truly top end smokes at a bargain basement price. The construction, the way they burn (evenly, slowly), the ash (durable), and most importantly, the flavor (refined). I also enjoy a decent ring size on a cigar that's not so long that I have to commit to a full hour (though these would probably last that long if I weren't such a Bogart!).
Mine could have used a little more time in my humidifier, as they only improve with age. It is without hesitation or regret that I recommend these unique, high end smokes!"
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,5 out of 5,Good cigars,Good cigars
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,5 out of 5,Screamin' Deal!!,"This was more than a screamin' deal! Out of 10, all but one smoked like a 90+ cigar should. I had to use an awl on one that was rolled a little tight. But, all burned (and smoked!!) terrific"
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,4 out of 5,AB 2nds,Really good smoke for the price. Would definitely buy again.
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,5 out of 5,5/2020 OUT OF THE PARK GOOD!,"This is only for the 5/2020 release.
If I hadn't blown my budget on other sticks this month, I would be coming back to buy several more packs of these guys RIGHT NOW! I've nubbed the two I've smoked. Probably the best AB2nd smoke I've had in a year."
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,4 out of 5,5/2020 PCs need age,"This is just for the 5/2020 Petite Coronas. They are most oscuro, and just need a bit of rest. I've had two so far and they are giving off pretty acrid flavors.
Would I buy them again... Only if I knew I was going to sit on them for a while."
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,4 out of 5,👍,👍
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,3 out of 5,Inconsistent burn but good flavor.,Inconsistent burn but good flavor.
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,4 out of 5,2nds,"Really good, great price not a bad one in the bunch"
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,4 out of 5,Been looking for a reasonable,Been looking for a reasonable everyday smoke and this has fit the bill. Mild to medium even burn stick.
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,5 out of 5,The real deal,The real deal
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,5 out of 5,Great smoke.,Great smoke.
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,5 out of 5,What a deal!,Best cigar at this price level I've had yet!!
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,5 out of 5,Perfect for a short break!,"Perfect for an in between smoke - nice draw, really nice aroma."
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,5 out of 5,A must have in your humi,"Great for everyday smokes that don't break the bank. I'm not going to say it's the best cigar I've had, but the price to performance is what is really amazing here. Really good cigar at a very affordable price."
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,4 out of 5,Pretty good,I’d never had an Alec Bradley before and decided to give it a shot since It was the deal of the day. They burnt good and tasted good. I’d do it again
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,4 out of 5,Great everyday Cigar,"As the label states theses are 2nds some have a uneven burn however for the most part, still a very good cigar with a bold flavor."
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,4 out of 5,They were very good cigars.,They were very good cigars. They came packaged well and fresh. I like them so much that they didn't last very long. I smoked one every day.
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,4 out of 5,Nice cigar,"I've never bought seconds before, so I wasn't sure what I was going to get. It's a nice cigar for the price. These were more on the full bodied strength. Nice flavor and good draw. They last about an hour if you stay on it. It's more of an every day smoke. Not a ""Saturday cigar"" , but a good smoke. I'd get them again."
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,4 out of 5,Better Than Expected,"Very pleased. Well constructed. A few veins here and there. Nice, deep flavor. Good burn. Good enjoyable smoke."
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,5 out of 5,Good selection,The cigars were good quality. Enjoy them.
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,4 out of 5,Great,I was very surprised how good these were.
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,5 out of 5,Just As Good as the 1sts,"You would never know that these are 2nds...same taste, full body and even burn as the 1sts. I will stock up on these when they come around again."
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,3 out of 5,Alec bradley 90+ rated 2nds,"I thought it was a good value. Definitely a flavorful smoke. It burned fine. Would have been nice for the draw to have been a little tighter. I'm glad I bought them for an everyday smoke. I can't say I would buy them again, cause I'm always looking for something different."
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,5 out of 5,Great smoke and an unheard,"Great smoke and an unheard of price. Never tried a “second “ before, boy was I surprised."
Alec Bradley 90+ Rated 2nds,4 out of 5,good sticks,good sticks
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,Awesome choice,"Definitely a winner. Great taste, smooth and even burn. What’s not to like? Good price point which doesn’t break the bank. Cigars were constructed well. Makes a real nice gift. Don’t hesitate to purchase!"
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,Nothing but enjoyment from beginning,Nothing but enjoyment from beginning to end
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,4 out of 5,Alec Bradley American Classic,Very robust and smooth! Would definitely buy again.
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,As expected!,Another excellent product from AB.
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,A banging medium stick!,"Fantastic medium cigar. It's everything I look for in a medium stick. The cedar and the smoothness combined with the creamy and ample smoke is perfect. Great construction, sharp burn, super ash."
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,4 out of 5,Not a bad cigar but not great,"I’d say the Cigar is more of a 3.5/5 but I’ll give it 4 since it’s an American. It’s not a bad medium body cigar but definitely not as high quality as some of their other blends. I do enjoy this cigar personally, but it’s more one that sits in the Humi and given to company when I’m smoking. I’d agree with all posts that say it needs some time to rest before smoking. Not bad but not great."
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,Relax enjoy,"Mild, easy draw, nice aroma. Relax with sip of American Honey rest on your tongue and then do the same after a easy draw of the cigar is enjoying to the ultimate . The aroma is so great even the flies hover in the smoke."
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,4 out of 5,GREAT,GOOD CIGAR.
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,5 star FoSho!!👊🏾,"5 star FoSho! Terrific aroma and structure out of the package. Burns evenly, with light cream/nutty flavor. Smooth draws and maintains a 1 inch ash. Mild/med, not overly intense. You will not be disappointed. 👏🏾👏🏾"
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,Great stick,"I'm a big Rocky Patel & Arturo Fuentes fan. Alex Brady now run a close second. These sticks taste great, burn very evenly & smooth till the very end. I would purchase this cigar again."
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,Good burn good flavor,Good burn good flavor
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar,"The Robusto's I bought are a fine, mellow smoke and are just big enough. I'll buy more of these."
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley American,First time for this smoke. Great smoke with nice flavor. Will purchase these again. Recommend this fine cigar.
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,3 out of 5,AB American Classic Blend Toro,"While it was an easy smoke, it was milder than expected. It was a bit harsh as well, not as smooth as other Alec Bradley's I enjoy.."
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,4 out of 5,Yes Please,Nice burn great flavor
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,4 out of 5,reasonable smoke for the price,"Good quality, good draw, taste of a Connecticut wrapper with a little more flavor."
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,CI rocks!,Another great cigar in my love affair with CI! I have never been steered wrong by the folks at my favorite cigar depot!
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,4 out of 5,Solid,Nothing special but a decent smoke for the money!
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,Smooth,"Great draw, burns evenly. It is milder than advertised but still has great flavor and finish. I will purchase again!"
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley American Classic,The perfect 'Medium' bodied smoke for our wedding! Great flavor for enthusiasts and mellow enough for the curious at the wedding reception!
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,This is a great smoke.,This is a great smoke. Draws well and burns evenly. A tasty smoke.
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,4 out of 5,Alec Bradley,"Great cigars, and always good deals out there as well. Construction is usually flawless. My every day go to cigar"
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,great smoke,One of my favorite cigars from one of my favorite makers alec brabley
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley classic blend toro,"Great burn, smooth. Will definitely keep a few of these in my humidor at all times!!!"
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley- American,Really enjoyed how smooth the draw was and great burn. Very nice cigar
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,Nice smoke,Very nice cigar with long ash. Would purchase again.
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,Excellent cigars,These Sun-Grown Alec Bradley’s are very smooth and taste superb. They are some of my favorites.
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,great smoke!,this is one of the best cigars i have ever had.
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,excellent cigar enjoyed it. I,excellent cigar enjoyed it. I am always trying all brands
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,3 out of 5,Alec Bradley,"The wrap fell apart as I cut it, acted like it was either dry or old even though it has been my humidor at 70 per cent. Smoke was good with it a hit of pepper at the start and smooth after that. Will see what the others do when I get around to smoke them."
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,Great smoke.,Great smoke.
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley Classic Blend,"Love this cigar!!! If you like a spicey cigar, this is the one for you."
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,4 out of 5,Decent cigar,Good burn but draw a little tight. Flavor was medium. Will buy again at a good price.
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,4 out of 5,Alec Bradley American blend,It was a good cigar all around I'm not the biggest fan of the wrapper but still Alec Bradley quality and awesome for it's class
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,3 out of 5,Not to good not to,Not to good not to bad
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,4 out of 5,Very GOOD SMOKE,Very GOOD SMOKE
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,3 out of 5,Its an ok Cigar. I'm,Its an ok Cigar. I'm a big AB fan but I probably wont buy these again.
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,Very smooth.,Very smooth.
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,Good,Good
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,4 out of 5,Good every day cigar,Good every day cigar
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,Very smooth,Very smooth
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,4 out of 5,Good mild cigar,Good mild cigar
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,Great product !!!,Great smoke! Would buy again!
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,A great cigar!,A superb smoke as expected from AB. My 3rd time buying - and will keep doing so.
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,5 out of 5,Very smooth cigar,Very smooth cigar
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,2 out of 5,Most unfavorable,"Not a bad smoke but I normally get a lot better cigar from AB
Will smoke them all but will not be buying more of this cigar, will buy more AB ..."
Alec Bradley American Classic Blend,4 out of 5,Happy father day,Bought for my son. He loved them. I did a lot of reading reviews and discrimination of blends.
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Alex Bradley Sun Grown,Can not go wrong with Alec Bradley cigars
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Thanks,Good cigar
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Good chewy,Tasty nice may chew it and not light it
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,4 out of 5,I always enjoy Alec Bradley,These cigars have a nice medium body flavor Good texture and flavor. My only criticism would be they did not all burn evenly.
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,An outstanding value!,An outstanding value!
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,4 out of 5,John,"Pleasantly surprised, got these at a cheap price but they're not cheap cigars. Good flavor, a little strong for me but not bad. Only downgrade is draw, they're rolled tight and draw hard. Other than that, a great value."
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,4 out of 5,ABASG,"Easy draw, great cap, burns well. Love the taste. I really enjoy an Allen Bradley relaxin in the recliner. Keep it up AB. Good price!"
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Nice,Good smoke for sure!
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,A must try,Great smoke. Nice even burn. Smooth draw. Complex notes. Full bodied delight! Pleasantly surprised by this stick!
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Wright cigars,Just want to thank you guy's in getting my cigars. You make it easy for me getting my wright cigars
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Excellent 👍,Excellent 👍
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,4 out of 5,"Good small cigar. Drew well,","Good small cigar. Drew well, stayed lit, burned evenly."
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Ab sungrown,Great cigar
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Good golfing cigar!,Great for nine holes. Draw was fine. Burned a little hot on one rolled a bit loose.
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,3 out of 5,Not well built.,"I have had these before and really liked them for the flavor, but these had an uneven burn. Flavor was still good."
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Solid,"I know, I probably should have aged these a bit more, but I couldn't wait! Picked up a 10 pack on sale this week. Really nice! Lots of earth but also sweet with an espresso finish. Looking forward to the rest. A nice end to the Easter break!"
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Smooth and Tasty,The robusto is very nice. Has a dark wrapper that looks like a maduro with some veins. Burn and draw good. Started out good and got exceptionally smooth at the sweet spot all the way down to a nub. Woodsy toasty earthy tasty. I enjoy them.
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,underrated,"I really love this cigar. Always get it in a Torpedo, and use a v-cutter. It definitely is peppery, but it also has has some of sweetness/nuttiness some oily earth (if that makes sense to you) characters. I know it's not a high end cigar, but it certainly does not lack quality, extremely pleasant smoke, and I like to take my time with it."
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley American Sun Grown Robusto,Very good! I like the more flavorful cigars and this one didn't disappoint!
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,3 out of 5,6 on a scale of 10.,"This is an "" OK "" cigar that I thought would be more outstanding. Nothing horrible about them, but nothing Special either !! Straight forward -- middle of the road cigar taste -- burn line was quite good, but I've honestly had Factory Throwouts with more pleasing taste. Truly let down by this Bradley 5 X 50 guy."
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Jh Waco,Enjoyed while they lasted.
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good Smoke
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,3 out of 5,Alec Bradley sun grown robusto,Good overall flavor but burned hot and unevenly
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Good stick!! Smooth and easy,Good stick!! Smooth and easy pull from spark to nub. Enjoy the peppery flavor and even burn. Love them!!
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Good flavor and burn well,Good flavor and burn well
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Best,Amazing
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Full Body Smoke For After Dinner,This sungrown robusto kicked my butt from the start. Well rolled and good draw. Full body with a flavor mix of cedar and spice with a healthy dose of pepper. I prefer a mild cigar but these go great after a hearty meal.
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Tasty,Delicious. Even burn
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,4 out of 5,"Good, not great, but good.","Construction is ok, a little loose on several and although I don't recall if these are long filler or not, they tend to shred a little as though short filler.
Tasted is there and would buy again."
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,3 out of 5,Good but not great,"I won’t tell you that this cigar will be your favorite cigar you ever have. But it is a solid AB offering at a good price. I would put it more in the medium to mild-medium category. It’s not very complex but it has a good traditional cigar flavor and a former draw. If you’re a beginner or intermediate cigar smoker, this is a great cigar to try. It won’t blow you away with flavor but it’s not boring either. AB has better cigars but this is a solid offering that won’t disappoint."
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Smooth,Nice flavor.
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Cigar Lover,Still my number one favorite
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,4 out of 5,"Great smoke, Great size, Great price!","Right now I’m at a 4.5. But once I smoke a few more, who knows ... I might rate it even higher."
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Nice full bodied stick..,"This stick is nice & smooth, fresh, great pull & full bodied but a little peppery for my taste.. still warrants 5⭐s in my opinion!!"
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Wonderful cigar from AB,"Smoked this cigar at work lounge with our new client. Lasted 1 hour... needless to say, won me a bid! Good taste, perfect burn rate, awesome draw, will definitely buy again."
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Great,It’s a great smoke.
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Great sticks!,Great smokes fun of flavor! Can’t beat the price either!
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley Sun Grown,"Lot of flavor, burns evenly. I will purchase them again"
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Alec the Great Again,"What a great smoke, another great AB cigar. Recommended for an everyday smoke."
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Sun grown,Sun grown have become some of my favorite sticks and this one is at the top of that list. I first found them on the fire start special and have ordered them every since.
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Alec Bradley,Great smoke!!
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,smooth,A very good cigar with a smooth draw. great for the price
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Pretty good,"Yep, they're pretty good"
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Great cigar...,Just a bit skinny though... I bought the toros and they really have a fuller flavor
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Good even smoke and great,Good even smoke and great taste
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Alec Baadley American Sun Grown Robusto,Smoke one cigar a day while I walk my dog in the evening. Really like this cigar. Has a moist freshness and taste is to my liking. And the right size.
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,AB Sungrown,"Nice, rich flavor. Perfect end of the day smoke"
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Alec Bradley Sungrown Coronas,Received the Alec Bradley Sungrown Coronas in Five days. Cigars were a bit dry and needed to spend some time in humidor. The few that I have smoked so far have been too harsh and dry. I have ordered AB Sungrowns before from CI and have really enjoyed them.
Alec Bradley American Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley Robusto,"I love the cigar, however, I think I prefer the corona size."
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Robusto,My go to smoke if you can find them
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Alec Bradley Black Market,4 out of 5,Black Market by Alec Bradley,I have enjoyed this cigar for years great taste
Alec Bradley Black Market,4 out of 5,Very good cigar,Medium to mild very tasty.
Alec Bradley Black Market,4 out of 5,Very good long lasting smoke.,Very good long lasting smoke. Not your everyday cigar. I would definitely purchase them again.
Alec Bradley Black Market,4 out of 5,Fantastic Cigar!,"This may be the best cigar I've smoked in a long time. Very rich, full of flavor, perfect draw, just a delight to enjoy."
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Perfect draw... medium to bold...,Perfect draw... medium to bold... never fails
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Great for 9 holes on the golf course
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Delicious Cigars,"good quality, nice and delicious cigars. thanks."
Alec Bradley Black Market,4 out of 5,Good cigar,"Alec Bradley has upped their over the yrs and any of the Black Market line is great. This cigar had a good taste and great texture, I did have some canoeing but don't know who's to blame. I would recommend this smoke."
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Black market,Very flavorful medium bodied gar
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Smooth taste,Go exellent with scotch
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Good After a Steak Dinner,"Bought a stick from a smoke shop just outside of my area. Even though its pricey. I now see why this cigar means business. Good draw, lots of smoke and really spicey. I enjoyed it."
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Love this,All cigars in great condition. Fast shipment.
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Superior Smoke,"Black Market is great starting with the wrap. Easy draw, even burn and great taste. Lives up to 90+ rating. Great CI price and freebies."
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley - Black Market a great smoke,Alec Bradley - Black Market is one of my everyday cigars. It is a great cigar with a consistant smooth smoke everytime I pull one out of it's wrapper.
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Great smoke,This is my go to cigar. Great smoke on the golf course!
Alec Bradley Black Market,4 out of 5,A good smoke! Not my,"A good smoke!
Not my favorite Alec, but definitely worth the time.
Very enjoyable."
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,AB Black Market,"Great smoke, easy draw, very smooth. Great complexity and aroma."
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Black Market is up,First time gamble on it produced personaal gain because this was a remarkable stock option. Quite surprising but now will get more invested.
Alec Bradley Black Market,4 out of 5,Label for marketing could be,"Label for marketing could be more catching
Maybe black with yellow print
But the smoke was smooth right up to the last inch"
Alec Bradley Black Market,3 out of 5,"Great cigar, wont stay lit...","I love, love, love this cigar but it will not stay lit .....i clipand also poke it and it will not stay lit, and for that my disappointment is 2 stars removed."
Alec Bradley Black Market,4 out of 5,Black Market,A good puff fine taste a true Medium body
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,great smokin cigar,very enjoyable smoke
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Consistently awesome,"One of my go to’s for the summer from Alec Bradley, great smoke, flavor and burns great"
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,First Time,Recommended by a cigar buddy. Great smoke. Will definitely buy again.
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Great quick smoke,"Has a lot of flavor, burns well. Maybe not the best of Black Market sizes, but when you just want a quick smoke these will not disappoint."
Alec Bradley Black Market,4 out of 5,Black Market,Black Market delivers a consistently good smoke. It is an everyday cigar for me and is definitely box worthy!!
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Ok,Good cigars
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley NEVER disappoints,"Alec Bradley NEVER disappoints, Black Market Torpedo hits the mark in the Alec Bradley Family."
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Best smoke for the money,Best smoke for the money
Alec Bradley Black Market,4 out of 5,A great cigar is a great cigar,Not my favorite Bradley but will never turn it down.
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,AB Black Market,"I bought the Churchills this time. I have to say that the Robustos are smoother and have less ""pepper"" at the end. I would think that the tobacco quality would be the same."
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,A new favorite!,This is a new favorite and a must have.
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Love these cigars,Great any time smoke and the most interesting box ever. I give the boxes to kids and they treat them like treasure chests. Terrific cigar and great packaging.
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley Black Market,"I was introduce to this cigar by a good friend of mine, and have been hooked ever since. It is a very smooth Murdoro and surprisingly very taste full for a full body cigar."
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,One of the best,"Normally, I'm into medium-full to full flavored kind of guy. As a medium...this really surprised me. I mean, its an Alec Bradley, I wasn't surprised that it was a great smoke, just surprised how much flavor is packed into these things. Ever get a stick that you don't want to end? Ready to get the roach clip at the nub, kinda stick? Black Market is one of those."
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Love Alec Bradleys!,The Black Market Robusto's were much smoother than I anticipated - a great smoke!
Alec Bradley Black Market,4 out of 5,My first AB Black Market Robusto,"This cigar was very good. Great draw, full body, spicy but not overpowering with a nice finish. I look forward to my next Black Market!"
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley Black Market,Great flavor. Even burn. I would buy these again. Another great Alec Bradley buy!
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,One of my Favorites,"Anytime I can get my hands on these, I do it! Great smoke all the way through. I do cigar exchanges with all my friends and they ALL love this one!"
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Nice sticks,"Burned great, really enjoyed these cigars."
Alec Bradley Black Market,1 out of 5,Good Riddance!!!!,One of if not the worst purchase I have made in quite sometime. Very one dimensional boring stick. A touch of earth was all I could pick up and wrapper just cracked apart in multiple places even after resting in my humidor for over 2 months. Construction was terrible and so was the burn line. There was absolutely nothing positive to say about this stick except that after suffers through 4 of them I gave the fifth one to my neighbor. Good riddance!!! Will never give this stick a 2nd thought!
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,fantastic!,a great cigar. a year ago this one was first cigar and to this day is my favorite go to I have tried about 60+ others since (I have 5-8 cigars a week). this is by far my favorite very rarly are they rolled poorly and the burn smooth and last about an hour for a churchill
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley Black Market Gordo,"I ordered A/B Black Market Gordo they came in three days of ordering them, they were all in great shape. i have smoked three of them and they are a very good smoke alot of flavor burn clean alot of smoke too. thanks CI i will be buying more of these."
Alec Bradley Black Market,3 out of 5,Not happy,Little punch I like mild this not mild
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Great job,"I got a coupon in my email, decided to order a box, they came prompt and packaged perfectly.. I am beyond pleased with my experience !"
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,Exceeded all expectations,After sitting in the humidor for about 2 months I decided to light this up tonight. Absolutely phenomenal!! So creamy and paired so well with this brandy in my hand. Enjoying it so much this is my first review. I will make sure I have some handy at all times. Great stick!
Alec Bradley Black Market,5 out of 5,My favorite till my last smoke ever. Thank you Alec bradley for this one.,By far my daily smoke i try start most days with this one and always go back to it. Last cigar i want before I die i tell every one and i swear by that statement. never an issue and will buy every time im in a parlor or online. MUST have....!!!!!
Alec Bradley Black Market,4 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar. My go to stick
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Taste,Very smooth and excellent wood flavor
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Outstanding,My absolute favorite cigar. Great taste and long burn make this an absolutely enjoyable cigar - preferably after dinner.
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,4 out of 5,gets the job done :),gets the job done :)
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Great everyday cigar!,Great everyday cigar!
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Esteli Robusto,Lots of flavor and the strength isn't overbearing.
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Excellent all around cigar. Rich,"Excellent all around cigar. Rich in flavor, smoke, and great aroma. One of the best cigars I've ever had. You can't go wrong with this stick. Great for any time. If you're uncertain on which cigar you want to try next, this is the one! You can thank me later while you smoke this beauty."
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Great,Great cigar
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,4 out of 5,Tasty,yummy ....licorice !!!!
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,ONE OF MY FAVORITES,"I bought a box of the Churchill size because it was the #9 cigar of 2018 (actually, the torpedo won the honors, but I like Churchill size more). CI had an incredible deal on these cigars that included a discount and 12 free Alec Bradley cigars. The cigars start off very peppery, but soon turn medium bodied and the pepper fades, and a pleasing taste of cocoa flavor with a touch of sweetness takes over. I've smoked 12 of the box, and each one burns perfectly and slowly. I've been smoking cigars for 30 years, and consider the Black Market Esteli one of the best I've smoked."
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,I believe these were a,I believe these were a substitution in a AB sampler. I was not disappointed! Would definitely order these again.
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar,"Great smoke. Burns flawlessly, full flavor and keeps lit. What more could you want? Excellent...one of my favorites!"
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,worth the price,worth the price
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Great Smooth Smoke,"Great taste, slow even burn and fantastic draw!"
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke with a shot whiskey. One of Alex Bradley best cigars.
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Flavorful yet maturely subtle,Love these. The Black Market Vandal has been a long-time favorite. The Esteli gives me the same amount of satisfaction with a more developed taste & finish.
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Good slow burning cigar,Good slow burning cigar
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Delicious and perfectly constructed.,Delicious and perfectly constructed.
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,4 out of 5,Very nice,Would recommend you try this one
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,4 out of 5,Good smoke,"Good med, to full. A couple had a less than perfect draw, but one, I'd buy again..."
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,black marker estelli,"Great smoke....tasty,nice construction....I'll buy again."
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Black Market Estelli,"My husband loves these cigars, almost any cigar that comes out of Nicaragua."
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,4 out of 5,One of Alec Bradley's better smokes,"Easy draw, fairly even burn,more medium body than full, smooth and flavorful."
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Would purchase this package again.,Good flavor and a very good smoke.
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,great smoke,great smoke
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley November Purchase,Great tasting cigar! Great with a glass of Angel's Envy wiskey!
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Great smoke for the money!,Rich taste. Great price!
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Great smoke.,Smokin deal too
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,4 out of 5,AB Esteli,"Good stick, great deal from CI!"
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,4 out of 5,Versus original black market,Prefer the original for both smoother flavor and construction
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Loved the cigars,JR cigars ships promptly. This is a great robust cigar but nothing harsh about it.
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,A good cigar.,I like to sample blends before I commit and after smoking a black market Estelí I will purchase more..
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,4 out of 5,Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli is a very nice cigar with good flavor that burns well.
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Nice Cigar,"This cigar has a smooth, slightly spicy taste. Good even burn, and an easy draw."
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley,Awesome!
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,4 out of 5,Good smoke I will get,Good smoke I will get them again
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Estella,Absolutely a great smoke. Smototh
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Great gar,Great gar
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Great bang for buck.,Great bang for buck.
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,4 out of 5,Decent smoke,Decent smoke
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,4 out of 5,Slow burning. Tasty to the,Slow burning. Tasty to the end
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,4 out of 5,Excellence,A good cigar
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,B e a utiful,"Delicious from beginning to end. Puts out tons of smoke, spices keep it interesting but not overpowering."
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,4 out of 5,Excellent smoke,One of my favorite cigars. Smooth from beginning to the end.
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Alex Bradley Black Market Esteli,"Excellent cigar, nice draw, nice burn!"
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,4 out of 5,Pretty Good,Pretty Good
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,4 out of 5,Alec Bradley black market,Awesome cigar all around. I believe one of the top affordable cigars that I know of. Will enjoy them again when I run out
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,5 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,4 out of 5,Nice cigar,Nice cigar
Alec Bradley Black Market Esteli,4 out of 5,Solid cigar and a great price,"Fairly new smoker and haven’t tried many cigars north of $10 a stick, these are worth spending a few extra bucks."
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,4 out of 5,Great cigar but the PVandal,Great cigar but the PVandal Perfecto is much better
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Do It!,Buy these. In my opinion they are in the top 10 of all the cigars that I have smoked. Great aged tobaccos and really well rolled. They burn like a champ.
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Great Smoke
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,4 out of 5,I think one of Bradley,"I think one of Bradley best, if you like a stronger smoke."
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Great Smoke!,The best of the Black Market Series by far. An excellent deal for the box of 10 including the 12 pack sampler!
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Top 5,This smoke just made my top 5 smoke list.
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,A great smoke,My favourite AB by far. made even better by some time in the humidor
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Great,Great cigar
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,4 out of 5,Would purchase this package again.,Always a darn good smoke.
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Enjoyable Smoke,Very enjoyable smoke.
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar!,"Great tasting cigar! Had to try one as soon as they arrived and was not disappointed, lots of thick smoke to enjoy. Will let the rest age a bit in the humidor to see how they develop."
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,4 out of 5,Great cigars,The cigars are great but one of them came damaged. It looked like someone accidently cut it with a razor blade and it is unsmokable due to the cut being so close to the cap of the cigar.
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Great smoke. My go to!,Great smoke. My go to!
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Rich smoke,"The black market vandal is smooth, Rich and the delicious cigar. I have begun hoarding the ones I have left."
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Highly recommend
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Very well made and consistent,Very well made and consistent flavor profile and burn throughout. Slow burning so allow yourself time to fully enjoy this cigar. AB has a winner here.
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"I originally got one of these in a sampler, the taste, burn everything was perfecto!!! So I bought 20 Cigars 👍"
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,A very enjoyable rich smoke,"Had these before and really enjoyed them. Fuller body with a smooth, even flavor."
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,2 out of 5,Alec Bradley black market review,I Thought I was getting a round tip and got a torpedo tip cigar. It was very difficult to keep going as well and wanted to split open a bit. I believe it is how it is humidified
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Great body smoke,Great body smoke
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Bold flavor.,Bold flavor.
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,Great smoke!
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,4 out of 5,Close but no cigar,"Very good cigar, I rated it with a 4 simply because 5 is reserved for Cubans with their soft, earthy unique flavor."
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,4 out of 5,Good Cigar,"Good smoke, good strength good draw, but a little bitter at the end."
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Absolutely fabulous!!!!,My favorite cigar...good bold flavor....burns evenly.
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Black market vandel,Great strong smoke. One of my favorites. Try it you'll like it.
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,AB Black Market Vandal,"A great cigar that is well balanced and satisfying. Provides just enough flavor without being overpowering. I enjoy this cigar in the morning, during the day, or after a good meal!"
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Great Cigar!,Great Cigar!
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Get out of jail free!!,This is a great stick very consistent smoke. Roll on!
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,4 out of 5,Good Smoke,Good Smoke
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,3 out of 5,Its a good cigar... Some,Its a good cigar... Some spice in the 1st 3rd.. Not my favorite AB
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,4 out of 5,Nice flavor,Nice flavor
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley Vandel,"Great cigar, will have it in my regular rotation"
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,4 out of 5,Decent smoke,It’s a good smoke nice to sit down and relax with
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,1 out of 5,POINTS for everything but what truest counts.,"SAD....
This cigars looks beautiful and burns great. And maybe I just got duds but I must say what flavor profile?? Thisstick was bland to say the least good amount of smoke very nice draw. There was a few moments of flavor but they were gone in a puff or two. I’m just sad that with a cigar this good looking and well made left me with a bland bored feeling about it.
I got two from a flight sampler and both were the same way."
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Alex Bradley,"The flavor is awesome. It burns evenly all the way to the end and the draw perfect. The draw isn't to hard or to easy, it is just right so the cigar last longer."
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,By far my favorite cigar!!!,By far my favorite cigar!!!
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,4 out of 5,Excellent cigar. Smooth with opal,Excellent cigar. Smooth with opal smoke and nutty
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,No surprise to me that these are excellent.,"No surprise to me that these are excellent. I smoke Alec Bradley cigars more than any other brand, The Black Market Vandal Belicoso are fantastic and Great Cigars"
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Black Market Vandal,"Excellent cigar from AB. Burned for over two hours. Medium to full bodied,smooth and cool burning. Very flavorful. Will buy again"
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,MY GO TO CIGAR!!!!,"Thank you Cigars International once again!!!! I give this Cigar 5 Stars. One of the best I ever had. Slow pull with great immense flavor. I have been purchasing Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal for about 6 months now and it continues to impress me. As a women who loves a good cigar I have passed on my findings of this cigar to many and it has become the GO TO Cigar for many men so don't let that deter you from trying this Cigar!! I would like to see them in box of 20 since 10 is what they come in now. Price is a little steeper than what I would like, but I will pay it with the quality this Cigar gives.
Kudos to Alec Bradley AGAIN."
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,1 out of 5,Won't make that mistake again,"Sharp bitterness in the back of the mouth. Couldn't finish it. Burn and smoke volume OK, but nowhere as good as other cigars in their stable"
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Crazy about Vandal,Best smoke I've had in years!
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Black Market Vandal,"hmmm,.. one of my favorites!"
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,4 out of 5,"Good, but...","These were great smokes, but the wrappers, in spite of proper humidifcation, partially unwrapped on a couple."
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Amazing. One of the best,Amazing. One of the best cigars I’ve ever had
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,4 out of 5,A good smoke,Good strong smoke -- Great construction
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,excellent cigar,If you can get these on sale they are a great deal
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal,5 out of 5,Black Market is a good cigar,Nice cigar good size when I don't have much time to smoke lots of flavor
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley,My husband enjoyed the mild taste and easy smoke of this cigar and said I could order them for him again.
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,3 out of 5,Ehh,"Wasn't impressed. Good flavor and decent craftsmanship but it lacked depth. A one note stick. If its a bargain grab it, otherwise its a pass"
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,3 out of 5,Mild,Gets better second half.
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,5 out of 5,Nice burn and great taste.,Nice burn and great taste.
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,4 out of 5,A nice smoke,Very smooth smoke. Nice flavor and burned nicely all the way down.
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,5 out of 5,"Very good cigar. Burned evenly,","Very good cigar. Burned evenly, good flavor with a strong finish. I will keep a couple in my humidor for a rainy day."
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,4 out of 5,Ehhhhhh,"Good smoke, could use s’more flavor as it’s a basic tobacco type with not much else happening. Reminds me of a Macanudo but this has a much better draw"
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,3 out of 5,I little mild for my,I little mild for my liking but a good burn
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,5 out of 5,"Great smoke, mild to med!","Great smoke, mild to med!"
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,5 out of 5,Love This Stick,I'm normally a medium to full smoker. I got this 5 pack in a CI sampler and couldn't be happier. Wow...what a great smoke! Mellow but great taste (not bland). I thoroughly enjoyed this stick. Great smoke. Another WIN from AB.
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,4 out of 5,Black Market Connecticut wrap,I like that it is a smooth and mild smoke. It does not smell bad either. My only complaint if I were being critical is that it starts peeling as you get close to the label.
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,5 out of 5,Great tase!,Great tase!
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,5 out of 5,Love it!,Love it!
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,5 out of 5,AB,"Great smoke, very enjoyable. Nice cedar flavor with a smooth cream like finish. Great smoke output as well."
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,5 out of 5,Good smoke,They were a good smoke for the deal. I am bargain shopper and like to find those hidden gems in the deals. This was one and would buy again for sure.
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,4 out of 5,Good one,"Nice, mild taste"
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,4 out of 5,Very mild smoke. Enjoyed very,Very mild smoke. Enjoyed very much
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,5 out of 5,They are really good cigars,They are really good cigars
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,4 out of 5,Review,Nice smoke
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,4 out of 5,A.c. bradley,Very good cigar
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,5 out of 5,Vandal,Nice smoke. All these brands are good
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,5 out of 5,Great stick,Smooth excellent smoke
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,4 out of 5,Good smoke. Will tell a,Good smoke. Will tell a friend..
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,5 out of 5,Great Stick,Love the flavour profile from this connecticut stick. Great twist on the original blend.
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,4 out of 5,Smooth good burn,Smooth good burn
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,5 out of 5,I had never tried these,I had never tried these cigars before. I was pleasantly surprised. And plan on buying more on my next order.
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,4 out of 5,Great morning espresso stick!,The blend is very similar to the American Classic Blend which I adore! A great smoke poolside with a Lavazza espresso!
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,5 out of 5,The con,Great smooth smoke. Really enjoyable
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,3 out of 5,Rhinos review,"The con Toro is an ok cigar, but I wanted to try it because it is AN A.J.F. stick and I love his vandal puro and his black market vandel. I am more of a maduro medium to full smoker for the past 35 years. AJ has some superb smokes. Respectfully submitted."
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,4 out of 5,New Cigar Is Good!,"Really a nice smooth Connecticut blend. The only issue is that bit seems to get harsh and tar flavor, otherwise its winner!"
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,4 out of 5,The Con,"Good Cigar for the Golf Course , a couple had a funny burn pattern and required a relight though. I would probably buy again ."
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,5 out of 5,Great golf cigar,I bought this pack as a joe deal and it was a great purchase. I prefer connecticut’s when I golf and this is a really good full connecticut. Highly recommend trying this stick out!
Alec Bradley Black Market Vandal The Con,2 out of 5,This one wasn't for me....,"Tried it because I LOVE Black Market Vandal. Not really a Connecticut kinda guy, but I do like some. This one wasn't for me. My friend who really likes CTs liked it, but she thought the beginning was a lil rough & bitter."
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,4 out of 5,One of my favorites,"Pretty new to the cigar hobby and bought a box for our gender reveal. This is my first Alec Bradley product and I was really happy with it. Great flavor, good stick, amazing price when on discount. Would buy again."
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,5 out of 5,It’s a girl.,Nice cigar for the price.
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,4 out of 5,its a boy,Good quality. The box is worth the price as a keepsake.
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,5 out of 5,Perfect for the occasion,I bought these to give out for my sons birth. I have had Alec Bradley cigars before so I figured they would be decent cigars. I was pleasantly surprised when I got them in the humidor for a week and decided to try one. They are good cigars not super strong but a good mellow smoke. I think it is perfect for people who dont have cigars regularly and I enjoyed it myself so I am very happy with this purchase. The box is a perfect keepsake as well.
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,4 out of 5,Great It's a boy/girl option,"Finally found some real sticks to celebrate a new child. Most cigars like this are terrible knockoffs, this actually smoked well. I know this is rated as a light bodied cigar, but it is exceptionally light - most likely to broaden it's appeal. Could have used a bit more substance. Ordering and delivery from CigInt was, as usual, flawless and quick with everything arriving in great condition."
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,4 out of 5,Nice box.,Nice box.
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,5 out of 5,Cigars - It’s a Girl & It’s a Boy,"Perfect as keepsake for each of the grand children. I save 4 cigars each in my humidor (still have the ones preserved from our 14 year old) and fill the boxes with milestone items for my grand children as a surprize when they reach age 10 and then we look through the memories together. A tradition I started 40 years ago for our children who treasurevthem to this day. This product is the Best Presentation I found online anywhere, Great service. Thank you Cigars International."
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,5 out of 5,The cigars were very good,The cigars were very good and the box will remain a keepsake.
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,4 out of 5,Its a Girl,Grandpa Joe says nice cigar.
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,5 out of 5,Good excuse to stay away from a baby shower,"Nice little cigar, I even like the box with a picture holder on top. They are inexpensive enough that i dont mind giving most of them away to announce my newborn."
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,4 out of 5,Its A Boy,Great Cigar good price!
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,5 out of 5,Great cigar.,Great cigar.
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,5 out of 5,Great!!,I handed these out when my fighter was born. They make for great gifts and they’re actually decent medium bodied cigars.
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,5 out of 5,Great starter cigar,I purchased for my son in law to hand out. It is a good starter cigar for those who don't usually smoke. I'd put a five pack in my humidor to smoke at different times. Alec Bradley...you can't go wrong.
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,5 out of 5,GREAT BUY,THIS IS A GRAET CIGAR WITH A NICE BOX TO HOUSE A PIC IN.
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,4 out of 5,"Better then most "" it's","Better then most "" it's a girl/boy "" cigar"
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,5 out of 5,Right on time,Delivered the product perfectly. I bought them as a gift for my nephew for his first child. I do not know how they tasted or smoked. But it was cool to do it for him.
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,4 out of 5,Excellent,Love the selection and fast delivery
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,5 out of 5,Niiiiceee,Enjoyed them
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,5 out of 5,It's a boy X2,Great cigar for Grandpa to pass out to his cigar smoking friends. Cigars were fresh and Excellent choice.
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,5 out of 5,Excellent!!,"Bought these for my son's birth. Awesome box with picture frame attached and place inside to write baby's stats. Great smokes, good for handing out to amateurs and enjoyable for professionals too!"
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,5 out of 5,Awesome,Buy it
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,4 out of 5,It's a Boy! Angelo,I bought 2 boxes of these cigars. One for myself and the other for my son. My first choice was a cheaper cigar but was out of stock. I ended up choosing the Alec Bradley in no small part because of the box which had a spot for my grandsons photo and stats. I suspect that 85 percent of the people I gave them to are not cigar smokers. I did get a connect yesterday from a cigar smoker who went out of her way to let me know she enjoyed it. I'm typically a Ghurka smoker and haven't had a chance to sit and enjoy one of the Alec Bradley yet. In my opinion It's A ... cigars are usually for non cigar smokers who are not so adept. I would however order them again for my next grandchild simply because of the box.
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,5 out of 5,The best!,"I'm a huge Alec Bradley fan. When I saw these I couldn't pass it up. Cute frame and beautiful band. This is not your run-of-the-mill ""it's a baby"". I would recommend these, worth the extra dough to hand people something they actually want to smoke. Reminds me of ""black market""."
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,4 out of 5,Good gift,The It's a Boy cigars is a good gift. We haven't smoked them yet but the box is nice and the cigars smell good.
Alec Bradley Boy/Girl,2 out of 5,It's A Boy Cigars!,Great box and setup for novice smokers. The cigars were nothing special. I expected a lot better from Alec Bradley. I gave these away to the casual smokers and non-cigar smokers I know and bought my friends at the cigar shop a box of Rocky Patel A-10's.
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,5 out of 5,What a great cigar for,What a great cigar for summer time.
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,5 out of 5,These were smooth and tasty,These were smooth and tasty this is going to be one of my summer favorite
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,3 out of 5,Alec Bradley,Really enjoyed the smooth taste and aromas that went along with this cigar. The only thing was the burn was a little uneven through out the cigar
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,5 out of 5,Sweet and Tasty,"This cigar starts with a sweet sensation, flows into a smooth and tasty til the finish."
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,4 out of 5,I was not impressed with,I was not impressed with the sweet tip. Otherwise a very good stick!
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,4 out of 5,Good smoke for the price,Good smoke for the price
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,4 out of 5,Good smoke,A definite chocolate tone. Good draw. Still like the Black Market as my favorite smoke.
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,4 out of 5,Great value,"Smooth, light, flavorful sticks....a great buy"
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask Toro,A satisfying smoke with a surprisingly sweet taste to the lips and mouth when you first light it up! You can’t rush smoking them. A great cigar to savor and enjoy!
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,2 out of 5,Alec Bradley Caribbean Csk Toro,Taste is too sweet.
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,4 out of 5,A Taste of Summer!,"Definitely a smooth smoke. The first third of the cigar or so, you can taste a subtle almost pineapple/coconut on your lips after exhaling. After you get towards the last third of the cigar, those flavors fade and it is not al that impressive anymore. I usually go for more bold flavor profiles when smoking, but overall definitely enjoyed the nice change this one brought about. It did make me think of summertime."
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,"I really like this cigar with a nice medium dry cab, light or no breeze, not in the direct hot sun ( my comfort). It has a nice ash, good draw, plenty of smoke and a nicely flavored tip. Definitely a favorite..."
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley Caribbean Cigars,"Excellent cigar , great taste and very mild"
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,5 out of 5,Pleasant surprise,Pleasantly surprised when I lit this up.
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,5 out of 5,I loved the sweet taste,I loved the sweet taste of the wrapper. It was like eating dessert.
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,4 out of 5,GREAT SUMMER CIAGR,PERFECT FOR A SUMMER SMOKE AND AT AN AWESOME PRICE!!!
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,5 out of 5,Caribbean Cask Toro,"Great taste burns solid
Valued priced"
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,5 out of 5,ab cask,thourthly enjoyable hour long smoke
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,5 out of 5,Mild and swwet,I like a mild cigar which this Is. The -peasant surprise was the sweetness. I will buy more in future.
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,5 out of 5,Great Light Smoke,Perfect stick to help you relax with your favorite rum and drift off to a Caribbean island. Highly recommend giving it a try.
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,5 out of 5,Smooth tasty smoke,"A nice mellow smoke with no bite. A little sweet, but not too much so. Burns evenly to the very end. A very enjoyable 45 minute smoke."
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,5 out of 5,Surprise of the Year,A nicely wrapped and uniquely flavored stick. Mild yet bold in flavor.
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,4 out of 5,Good inexpensive smoke with a,Good inexpensive smoke with a sweet tip.
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,5 out of 5,I did not know that,I did not know that they were sweet. I smoke while playing Golf and they worked out well.
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,3 out of 5,Wanted To Love Them.....,"Purchased 10 of these and I must say the first one was perfect. Perfect draw, burn, taste, aroma, held a nice ash, etc.... Thought I found a new favorite......but the 2nd, and several others were the total opposite. They started out fine as stated above but about a third of the way into the smoke they started to burn awkward, had to keep re-lighting them and the taste went to the harsh side. For me they are way to inconsistent, BUT a couple were vey delightful. Wished they all smoked like the first one because I would totally be on board with them. Maybe I just had a so so batch but my first impression of this smoke is just that.... so so. Don't get me wrong, they are a great smoke when you get a good one. I can deal with MAYBE one bad smoke in a pack of 10, but not as many as I came across in this 10 pack. Smoke on my fellow Brothers and Sisters."
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,5 out of 5,I was a bit surprised,"I was a bit surprised with the taste at first. It has the ""Cask"" taste which I found nice as the cigar smoked. It has a good burn and a very pleasant taste."
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,4 out of 5,Mellow smoke,Love the Connecticut wrapper. A very good mellow/medium smoke. Little pricey compared to other cigars that I like. Well constructed.
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,4 out of 5,a nice flavored cigar for,a nice flavored cigar for when you want a change
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,4 out of 5,Smooth from start to finsh,Smooth from start to finsh
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,3 out of 5,Ok summer smoke,"Tasty treat, not great but good for chillin by the fire pit"
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,4 out of 5,good,it was okay
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,5 out of 5,Liked the artwork!,"I rate it just a notch under Baccarat. I'd buy it on sale but not at $160+. Excellent smoke, consistent in all regards, , no flaky wrapper, easy draw, great flavor. Everything good but the price. I'll buy Baccarat."
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,5 out of 5,Very pleasant,"smooth,, nice flavor,,my wife likes them"
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,3 out of 5,Very sweet,"These are seen okay cigar at this price point, but they ate much sweeter than I expected them to be. Almost reminds me of those old time Swisher Sweets. They are great for those friends we'r all have that say they like cigars, but really mean they want the mildest smoke possible."
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,5 out of 5,Awesome cigars...and got 'em on,Awesome cigars...and got 'em on a great deal!
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,5 out of 5,Love the Label,Love the label. The smoke I would rate just a tad under a Baccarat with the price being steep for that comparison. Still an excellent cigar slightly sweet.
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,5 out of 5,A spectacular smoke and great,A spectacular smoke and great taste
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,5 out of 5,easy smoke great flavor,awesome easy smoke cigar great flavor
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,5 out of 5,Very good.,"Really good, some sweetness from the rum and really smooth flavor, I find it similiar to the Ghurka Abuelo Cigars."
Alec Bradley Caribbean Cask,4 out of 5,Interestingly different,Interesting. Not a daily but definitely a beach cigar.
Alec Bradley Connecticut,5 out of 5,Lil cigar great flavor,"Have bought these a couple of times and are really a great smoke. Even after a re=light there is no bite,as they say good to the last puff! Will be buying again but not until the promotion of 12 extra cigars goes away just weren't to my liking."
Alec Bradley Connecticut,5 out of 5,Nice and mild,Smooth and mild which I prefer
Alec Bradley Connecticut,5 out of 5,Nano,"Pack of 20 so far so good.Excellent draw,even if I don't finish one and come back to it later still has the same taste and draw.No bad taste in the mouth.Looks like I found a new smoke!"
Alec Bradley Connecticut,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,"The AC Connecticut provides a smooth, medium smoke with even burn..."
Alec Bradley Connecticut,3 out of 5,Fair. Heavier than expected from,Fair. Heavier than expected from a Connecticut wrapper.
Alec Bradley Connecticut,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley,Fantastic cigar.
Alec Bradley Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great cigars,Nice and smooth
Alec Bradley Connecticut,4 out of 5,smokinjoe,"Mild, even burniing cigar. Dad loves them!"
Alec Bradley Connecticut,5 out of 5,Excellent and enjoyable.,"Received in a CT sampler. I thoroughly enjoyed this blend. On the fuller side of a CT blend. Supremely enjoyable. Nice rich creamy smoke. Still a mild smoke, but not ""weak"". It's a full flavored mild... if that makes sense.
Construction was impeccable. Due to my style of smoking (Always on the move) I tend to be hard on sticks, and generally I wind up chewing too hard on the end to be able to finish the nub. The construction on this withstood me and I only put it down when I found my fingers burning, there was nothing left.
Flavor profiles are everything you'd expect in a CT, only more pronounced and refined. Cedar, spice, cream, nutty and a nice rich ever slightly sweet natural tobacco flavor.
I usually smoke CT's early in the day, this is bold enough to satisfy at anytime. Not to be confused with a power house - that this is not, but the flavors are ever present and forward.
Lastly - I generally find CT's get a bit harsh near the end - this did not. The flavor profile was consistent from start to finish. The only change I detected was the natural sweetness increased enjoyably towards the last 1/2 to 1/3.
As a pipe smoker as well, this reminded me throughout of a very nice VA flake. Consistent, subtle flavors with tobacco taking the lead remaining consistent in flavor, only gaining in sweetness and natural tobacco flavors."
Alec Bradley Connecticut,3 out of 5,Body,The cigars have good body
Alec Bradley Connecticut,5 out of 5,#1 CT wrapper!,Alec Bradley Connecticut Toro with a great CT wrapper making me proud to sit back here in CT and enjoy a nice mild to medium cigar!!
Alec Bradley Connecticut,5 out of 5,Awesome,Fresh cigars fast shipping great prices
Alec Bradley Connecticut,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley Connecticut Churchill a great cigar,"Was smooth from start to finish, never harsh, and burned evenly never had to do a re-light. Would definitely purchase again."
Alec Bradley Connecticut,2 out of 5,Freshness,Some of cigars rec'd lately have been stale
Alec Bradley Connecticut,4 out of 5,Great evening smoke.,"This is a mild smoke that breathes well and builds as you smoke it. I enjoy one in the evening, before the sun goes down."
Alec Bradley Connecticut Fumas,4 out of 5,Has a full taste and,Has a full taste and a good slow burn
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Good Burn and Draw,Good Burn and Draw
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Another AB standout,First time smoking Coyol and very pleased. Another AB winner.
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Coyol,I tried this cigar years ago. I knew after I lit it up it was going to be a great smoke!! I have had these cigars in my humidor ever since! One of my favorites of Alec Bradley’s great lineup of cigars!!
Alec Bradley Coyol,4 out of 5,Very good anytime smoke with,Very good anytime smoke with a friendly price
Alec Bradley Coyol,4 out of 5,Bold and flavorful but with a somewhat annoying after taste.,"One of my favorite cigars. Bold and ""meaty."" Very good flavor while smoking them. That said, the only reason I didn't give them 5 stars is the after taste will stay with you for days. Really need to wash out your mouth to get rid of it. However, it's worth having to deal with the strong after taste since they taste soooo good while smoking."
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Everybody makes mistakes ...,But CI makes things rights. Shipped me the wrong 5 pack and immediately made things right when I called. I’ve been a customer for more than 10 years. That is one reason why.
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Coyols are awesome,"CI had a great price on a 5 pack, quick shipping. And of course Coyols are awesome."
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,smooth mellow cigar,"These are one of my favorite cigars. I don't prefer harsh flavors, at most something spicy, however these have a great smooth and nutty flavor."
Alec Bradley Coyol,4 out of 5,good smoke,decent Robusto for the money
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Spicy,A good spicy taste from start to finish
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"Taste was excellent, great draw.
Cigar was moist not dry.
Alec Bradley makes top cigars at the right price"
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Top notch,My favorite cigar. Burns well with a great flavor.
Alec Bradley Coyol,4 out of 5,Alec Bradley Coyol,"Great smoke, smooth taste with a good draw"
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley Coyol Toro,Enjoyed a Robusto last year very good Cigar. ..have not tried the Toro yet
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar,Been waiting for a deal on these. Got a couple in my COMC package. Wasn't disappointed - burn is good - nice medium cigar with a pleasant flavor profile right down to the nub. Good job CI. Unfortunately now I'll have to wait until the sale on these babies. I am enjoying and savoring them while I can however.
Alec Bradley Coyol,2 out of 5,Needs some aging.,Needs some aging.
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"It has a nice draw, with a great amount of taste, very smooth! Highly recommend this one."
Alec Bradley Coyol,4 out of 5,A pleasant suprise,"I bought these because they were on Joes Daily Deal and I wanted to get free shipping on a bunch of other cigars I was buying, so I took a chance. I smoked one this weekend after they set for a few weeks. My first thought was ""Winner!!"". On first lighting it up I tasted that oily nutty flavor I associate with a quality Cameroon wrapper, which I love. As I got farther down it became a little peppery which I am not a fan of, but not so much that I didn't enjoy the cigar. Overall a pretty good smoke. Well constructed, good draw."
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Top Shelf!,"These cigars, had a smooth draw & burned evenly."
Alec Bradley Coyol,4 out of 5,Excellent,"Received this in a sampler after purchasing a box of Prensado. I'm a fan of anything made by AB, this is definatley a different animal, very unique. Will be purchasing a box."
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Solid smoke!,"Nice, medium, smooth stick. Consistent quality with everything I’ve smoked from Alec Bradley.
Great value for the price! Will always keep these in my humi :)"
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Alec Bradley Coyol,4 out of 5,Great cigar for the price.,Great cigar for the price.
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Hands down my favorite cigar,I wish these were a little more affordable. I would only buy these. Best cigar in my opinion. Its the perfect strength and taste for me. I hide them at the bottom of my humidor so no one asks me for one.
Alec Bradley Coyol,4 out of 5,AB Coyol - Robusto!,"I love this cigar! It originally came in a sampler that I bought, and it was hands-down the best of the bunch, so I bought some more. These smokes are spicy, with a nice earth base, with a hint of cocoa. They burn superbly, and the draw is proper. I would buy them again if they go on sale."
Alec Bradley Coyol,3 out of 5,Sub par,These are tasty treats. My only issue is that they dont burn evenly.
Alec Bradley Coyol,4 out of 5,Coyol Toro,"Great flavor, excellent pull and consistent burn. I highly recommend it."
Alec Bradley Coyol,4 out of 5,Really Good,"Awesome smoke nice touches of cedar and earthy smooth draw well made nice burn , AB are top notch never had a bad one ."
Alec Bradley Coyol,4 out of 5,Lovely Smoke,"Very lovely smoke, just not as flavorful as others. Certainly not a bad smoke."
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"Great taste, very smooth"
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Tasty & Well Balanced,"As with all other Alec Bradley cigars, Coyol is a superior smoke. It is complex, tasty, full bodied and very well balanced. I enjoyed this cigar very much."
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Recommend,Good smoke and consistent
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Awesome smoke!,Awesome smoke!
Alec Bradley Coyol,1 out of 5,Not so Good.,The cigars unraveled on the 2nd third. Happened on the first three I tried.
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Unique flavor profile throughout. A new favorite for the first top shelf list. Give me more Alec!
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Awesome sticks,Awesome sticks
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,GOOD FLAVOR,I LIKED THEM
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,great,Perfect
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,What an incredible opportunity to enjoy some of the finest cigars in the world. There is a difference in quality that can’t be explained only experienced.,I am not a connoisseur or one to describe subtle differences. Thanks to all the fine people at Alec Bradley for a enjoyable part of my day with a fine cigar.
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"I've been a cigar smoker for over 25 yrs.
I've smoked some of the best and some of the worst. My favorite these days are Alec Bradley's. The coyol robusto is just awesome. Great cigar. .."
Alec Bradley Coyol,4 out of 5,Great selection of cigars,Great selection of cigars
Alec Bradley Coyol,4 out of 5,Tried something new,My husband enjoyed it. He likes the cigars that burn longer.
Alec Bradley Coyol,3 out of 5,Too dry.,I usually love Alec Bradley cigars but these were especially dry with very little draw.
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Great deal!! Great cigar!!,Great deal!! Great cigar!!
Alec Bradley Coyol,4 out of 5,Alec Bradley Robusto,"Smoke is OK, but wrapper tends to become unraveled once the cigar is half finished. Needless to say that is not good."
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,One of the best cigars,"Great flavor, draw & burn"
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,"Great evening cigar... Smoking one now sitting by my fire pit, listening to Pandora. Beautiful evening!"
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley,Very good cigar with deep flavor
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,My new favorite!!,My new favorite!!
Alec Bradley Coyol,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley,"Nice cigars, smooth with great taste!"
Alec Bradley Magic Toast,5 out of 5,David Copperfield's smokes...? Tryem their,David Copperfield's smokes...? Tryem their dam good...
Alec Bradley Magic Toast,5 out of 5,This is money!,Very nice and smooth... not too harsh - long burn and overall exceptional
Alec Bradley Magic Toast,5 out of 5,GREAT CIGAR,"great taste, nice long smooth burn, will be buying in the future"
Alec Bradley Magic Toast,4 out of 5,TOAST,Perfect name can see why it got that name very good after big meal and with a pilsner or light ale. Next time I'd try a longer stick to get more burn time.
Alec Bradley Magic Toast,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley has done it again!,"I just received these dark skinned beauties and had to have one right out of the box. I must confess I tried one down in Myrtle Beach S.C. and just fell in love with the flavor. It has strong notes of leather and hint of spice, it was great all the way thru the burn. it wasn't a bit harse or overbearing. This is now one of my favorite cigars right up there in the top five. If you're a fan of Alec Bradley you'll love this cigar."
Alec Bradley Magic Toast,5 out of 5,Great smokes,Great smokes
Alec Bradley Magic Toast,5 out of 5,Strong peppery smoke!,Holy peppery tones. Full bodied strong smoke. Fantastic.
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,Best Cigar!!! Tried over 100,"Best Cigar!!! Tried over 100 cigars and when I found this one, will never need or want another. Alex Bradley makes a good smoke but this is their best yet. If you haven't tried it, do it. You will never go back to anything else!! Keep these coming!!!!"
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,Another Winner,"Me and my Best friend share our cigars. So when we bought these we never had one. He loved it and so did I. This cigar is a great slow burn and good to the last puff, but have the time to smoke it, this is 2 hour cigar. Great try one"
Alec Bradley MAXX,4 out of 5,Pleased,Second box of the MAXX. Highly recommend. Give them a try!
Alec Bradley MAXX,4 out of 5,Good cigar for the price!,Decent cigar for the price. You wont be disappointed on this budget cigar from Alec Bradley.
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,Getting The Fix.,"I have been smoking cigars for 17 years. I have gone crazy with it and tried everything the world has to offer 7 times over. The Fix is a stick that stands out as one that is very eventful/noteworthy, especially for the price. This cigar is an experience, it's full of changes and it excites the palate. I have tried other sizes in this line but they don't compare to The Fix in flavor... Completely different cigars. The Fix is a stick I'm always going back to. Sure, I have gotten a tight one here and there. But I don't love them any less for it."
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,Delicious!!!!!,"Evenly rolled, burns evenly, smooth and flavorful to the last draw. Nice and cool; no aftertaste."
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,a n alec bradley favorite,I ve tried many of alec Bradley cigars and maxx is one of my favorites.it s a good tasting slow burning cigar thatthat is good from start to finish.
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,Great cigars with fantastic pricing,"These Alec Bradley Maxx are great, high quality, long lasting well made cigars. I've been smoking these for years and always consistently high quality."
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,Delicious Cigars,"good quality, nice and delicious cigars. thanks."
Alec Bradley MAXX,3 out of 5,Where's the beef,"Have you ever gone to a steakhouse and drooled over a prime cut? The plate is set before you. Its beautiful. Presented well. You cut into it and it's the perfect temp. You're mouth has an urgency for satisfaction, so you dive in. Wait...somethings missing. Maybe you ate too quickly. You cut again. Same. And again the same. Before you know it you've eaten the entire steak and only a small portion of you feels satisfied. Where was the flavor? Seasonings? Fancy butter flavoring?
Yeah....that's AB Maxx. I love AB smokes but for all the flex and heft, I expected a little more party on the palate. For the gerth I'll stick with CAO 660."
Alec Bradley MAXX,4 out of 5,Good but tight draw,"As with most AB cigars, they are fine cigars although this one was a bit tight in the draw. I don't like to work hard to get the smoke. Some of that may have been form not sitting in the humidor long enough after getting them. The burn was good, it looked good, smelled good, just drew hard."
Alec Bradley MAXX,4 out of 5,Under the Radar,This cigar doesn't get much press in the Alec Bradley line but it is a great smoke. As well made as all their cigars with a nice smooth taste.
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,5 stars,Spectacular. One of my favorite cigars.
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Dependable full body cigar. Worth the money.
Alec Bradley MAXX,4 out of 5,Vaca55,"A good smoke
Not my #1
But a nice change from time to time
Good favor and even burn"
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,ALEC BRADLEY THE MAXX,"I'VE HAD MANY FAVORITE CIGAR'S . FOR ME, THE BEST IS THE MAXX. IS THE BEST. I CAN'T AFFORD IT ALL THE TIME. SO I TRY DIFFERENT ONE'S I'M GOING TO FL. WERE THEY HAVE SMOKING ROOM'S. SO I .CAN ENJOY THEM MORE OFTEN."
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,One of the best,Really good cigars for the money
Alec Bradley MAXX,4 out of 5,Maxx,I have smoked them for years and find them most enjoyable .
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,Nice Smoke,"The Maxx is a full bodied cigar, easy draw and the perfect size for being social."
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley Maxx,Big ring the way I like it nicely constructed cigar and smooth as silk
Alec Bradley MAXX,3 out of 5,Big but Tight,The right combination of tobacco but the draw was difficult. They need to be loosened up
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,Tasty,Great cigar!
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,Love it!!!,Love it!!!
Alec Bradley MAXX,4 out of 5,Good buy,This cigar was the ever lasting gobbstopper. Nice taste that went on forever. Burned even and cool.
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,Very Nice cigar,"Alec Bradley is one of my go to brands, always a good cigar, burns well. This one is another hit. I might call it a little bit lighter than the official designation, but that's just nit-picking. Very flavorful and would recommend to anyone."
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,Maxx Fixx,One of my favorites... Great everyday cigar.
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,Big bold flavor,Excellent aroma and lasting draw with big bold flavor. Cigar burns evenly and has tons of smoke. Lasts an entire football game.
Alec Bradley MAXX,3 out of 5,Exquisite,Smooth and relaxing with wine burns slow evenly
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,Good cigar for the money,Good cigar for the money
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,Great Cigar!,MAXX the Fix is an awesome cigar!
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,MAXX Review,Excellent “daily” smoke. Smooth and flavorful from start to finish.
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,Great cigar would buy again,Great cigar would buy again
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,Brilliant Smoke,"One word: “Brilliant”
Well made. Start to finish enjoyment. Nice oily wrapper. Easy on the pallet. Perfect mellow fragrance."
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,Love the Maxx,"Great cigar, love the smooth draw!!!!"
Alec Bradley MAXX,3 out of 5,Yard stick,Lots of stems and junk under the cap. But smokes ok for yard work.
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,Second Chances.,"I recently ordered an Alec Bradley sampler and in it was a MAXX - The Culture (6x54). Was kinda disappointed with this cigar, not much life to it, but after reading the reviews for it I figured I’d try again with a different size. I ordered The Fix(5x58) and wow what a difference, I couldn’t have been any happier, cigar had awesome flavor and draw, smoked well. I am so happy I tried again with this. Told a bunch of friends about it and ordered more."
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,good to the last puff,great smoke would compare it as an equal to other top notch cigar brands
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,Quick and delicious smoke,These are perfect of you don't have alot of time and u wanna enjoy a great cigar
Alec Bradley MAXX,3 out of 5,Nice cigar,Good tasting cigar. But most were hard to draw from. Which makes it discouraging to buy it again
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,Great burner,"Love these cigars, clean burn and great taste. Not harsh but plenty of flavor. Will buy them again and again...oh wait...I already do!"
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,I need a Fix !,"WOW ! My current fave maduro. I've had a Fix and need another now ! Is CI a pusher ? I hope so, cause these are the bomb.
Even the wife loves it. Not overly strong, but favors ? You bet .....yum ! Try it you'll like it."
Alec Bradley MAXX,4 out of 5,Promotional goodies,I personally would love to see more free promotions on some of the larger orders that get put in.
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,YOU GOTTA TRY THIS CIGAR!,"Thank you Cigars International -Again!!! I give this Cigar 5 Stars. One of the best I ever had. Slow pull BIG FLAVOR, I have been purchased Alec Bradley MAXX Superfreak originally for the man in my world who is a huge Cigar man- until I tried and now, I'm hooked!!! ..IMPRESSIVE Cigar. As a women who loves a good cigar I have passed on my findings of this cigar to many and it has become everyone's GO TO Cigar -A MUST HAVE IN MY HUMIDOR!!!!! Price is very reasonable, especially with the box of 20.
Kudos to Alec Bradley AGAIN."
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,Very well made,Excellent cigar.
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,It’s super freaky… de ne ne net….super freak super freak : ),that is one long enjoyable cigar from start to finish!!! Excellent!!
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,AB Maxx The Fix,"I really like them. Great taste with notes of leather, wood, and maybe some spice. The Fix size is great for me as I usually prefer larger ring gauge and this length."
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,Rilist63,"This is a stick one needs to make a date with. From its silky, dark oily, maduro, wrapper; through its solid packed construction; to its succulent complex rich medium body; A. Bradley's ""Maxx The Freak"" is a feast. Wonderfully balanced complex flavors develop and evolve in the velvety smoke providing an experience that keeps your attention. Whit ""The Freak"" that is a long glorious time."
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,One of maxx n am good 4theday,It's strong one is enough for the night I enjoy smoking this cigar I try just about all of brand and I enjoy smoking them
Alec Bradley MAXX,5 out of 5,What great smokes.,Always top notch. Never a disappointment
Alec Bradley Medalist,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,Great breakfast cigar
Alec Bradley Medalist,5 out of 5,Nice little smoke,"Smooth, even smoking cigar...will probably purchase again."
Alec Bradley Medalist,5 out of 5,Mellow with tons of flavor,Mellow with tons of flavor
Alec Bradley Medalist,5 out of 5,Nice stick,Nice stick
Alec Bradley Medalist,5 out of 5,Delicious Cigars,"good quality, nice and delicious cigars. thanks."
Alec Bradley Medalist,4 out of 5,great every day cigar,"Smooth, flavorful without being overpowering or weak. Medium bodied."
Alec Bradley Medalist,5 out of 5,Medalist Gordo,"Great smooth, creamy flavor. Also holds it's flavor well throughout the entire smoke"
Alec Bradley Medalist,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley cigars are smooth,Alec Bradley cigars are smooth and enjoyable
Alec Bradley Medalist,5 out of 5,Excellent cigsr,Excellent cigsr
Alec Bradley Medalist,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Alec Bradley Medalist,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley,Great smooth smoke...already gone through a couple boxes!
Alec Bradley Medalist,4 out of 5,Alec bradley,Great smoke! Simply said!
Alec Bradley Medalist,5 out of 5,Awesome cigar,"Great cigar... flavor is excellent, burns perfectly!"
Alec Bradley Medalist,4 out of 5,4+,nice smoke!
Alec Bradley Medalist,5 out of 5,great cigar,great cigar
Alec Bradley Medalist,4 out of 5,"Nice cigar, good burn.","Nice cigar, good burn."
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,mundial,One of my favorites! Great quality & taste!
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,You won't be disappointed,"Do not miss out on this. Throw money at it, whatever you have to do but at least pick up a 5 pack. An amazing full flavor stick."
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,A Bradley,Entire line are great smokes...
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,Good smoke,NICE MED-FULL CIGAR WITH GOOD CONSTRUCTION. I HAVEN'T HAD A BAD ALEC BRADLEY CIGAR YET..
Alec Bradley Mundial,4 out of 5,"It is delicious and delightful,","It is delicious and delightful, maybe it's my humidor, at 68* but they split a little when I punch the top to start"
Alec Bradley Mundial,4 out of 5,Great smokes,Great smokes
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,Another typical Alec Bradley cigar. Excellent construction with long steady burn.
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,Great cigars for a great,Great cigars for a great price
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley,Yummy
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,C'mon It's an Alec Bradley,"This little cigar is packed with flavor, burns consistently evenly and packs a punch."
Alec Bradley Mundial,4 out of 5,I enjoyed this cigar. Flavor,I enjoyed this cigar. Flavor changed as it burned through. The only drawback is the initial draw on the stick due to the design but after you get through that quarter its wonderful
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,Mundail,Great short stick
Alec Bradley Mundial,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,One of my favorite cigars.,"One of my favorite cigars. Great flavor, even burn and long ash. I have ordered them three times so far."
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,Great smoke!
Alec Bradley Mundial,4 out of 5,Ordered Twice,"They’re good. Sometimes very good. I reordered this cigar because I liked it. Lit one the other day that just didn’t taste as good, hence 4 stars rather than 5. I expect the next one will be fine. Give them a try. Really"
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,Excellent cigars,Excellent cigars
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,AB Mundial,"I was pleasantly surprised by the complexity of the flavors and robust taste. The Mundial works equally well with a double espresso or a double single malt, and that oily wrapper makes a this stick particularly enjoyable."
Alec Bradley Mundial,3 out of 5,Decent,"Not a bad smoke. If they were on a HUGE sale, i might would buy again, but would not pay regular price for them."
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,Excellent cigar
Alec Bradley Mundial,3 out of 5,Customer,On the search for something with a little more zing. Not my ideal size but bought them on auction. Ordered again so I could mix them in and see how they go is a full alternative.
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,Delicious,Full-bodied cigar great flavor burn and construction is perfect one of my favorites will continue to keep a box in the humi
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,Mundial,A great smoke from a master blender. If yiu'be never tried these or other AB sticks you're in for a treat. I like these for the great draw and spicy flavor.
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,Leathery and creamy,"AB has many blends that I enjoy but these are in the top five. Leathery,creamy with a touch of spice in an old world style stick."
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,Rocky Patel sampler,This RP Mundial is without a doubt the finest smoke I have had in a long time. Flavorful from beginning to end. Can't think of a single knock against it. Just pure enjoyment.
Alec Bradley Mundial,3 out of 5,Excellent smoke,"great draw, flavor and burn, would recommend"
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,Great after dinner cigar,"Draws well, long ash, pairs well with a good single barrel bourbon"
Alec Bradley Mundial,2 out of 5,Rough,"These are a little harsh for my taste, my go to cigar is CAO Gold maduro torpedo so I am used to the stronger cigars, I just prefer smoother."
Alec Bradley Mundial,4 out of 5,Lucky guess,I took a guess that these would be good ...got lucky way better than I hoped for ...
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,Oh Yeah!,"Definitely one of the top Hondurans I have smoked. Very lovely pepper yet smooth combinations of flavor. Good draw, even burn, and thick smoke."
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,Very smooth good flavor,Very smooth good flavor
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,On My Top 5 List!,"This cigar is great! Definitely on my list of my top 5 favorite cigars. The Alec Bradley brand in general has impressed me. Great construction, Great taste, Great Draw. Overall Great stick!"
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,Alec bradley,Excellent cigars. I like the Tempus the best. Good cigar for a short smoke
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,Awesome value,Awesome value
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,Great Cigars!,Great Cigars!
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,Mundial,Great smoke awesome finish
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley,Enjoyed
Alec Bradley Mundial,3 out of 5,Not ABs best,Still a nice smoke. But they make better.
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Smooth smoke😎
Alec Bradley Mundial,2 out of 5,Too harsh on the throat.,Too harsh on the throat. Will noy purchase it again!
Alec Bradley Mundial,3 out of 5,A little too strong for,A little too strong for my taste.
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,alec bradley,fair deal
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley Mundial Comments,"As with all things Alec Bradley this is a very good cigar. It's well built, smooth and falls into the medium strength range. I'd buy it again."
Alec Bradley Mundial,3 out of 5,PL5,Mild taste
Alec Bradley Mundial,4 out of 5,Good smoke full bodied,Good smoke full bodied
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,smooth & Flavorful!,"They may be small, but they are long-lasting with a smooth, tasty draw. I recommend them to anyone who is budget conscious, but still wants quality!"
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,AB Mundial,"Very good smoke, easy draw and light taste, worth the money"
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,Good gar,"A little more intense than AB post embargo, yet still smooth to the end"
Alec Bradley Mundial,3 out of 5,Nice Little Cigar,I bought a 5 pack to try them out. Nice blend but I'm not a fan of the Perfecto shape. It was hard to light & draw. Once I got past the tip & into the meat of the cigar it burned & smoked ok. I had to relight it several times. A great cigar burns evenly & stays lit. This one just doesn't stack up for me.
Alec Bradley Mundial,5 out of 5,The five star rating is,The five star rating is apropos! Mr. Bradley's creations are always a pleasure.
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,Worth All the High Ratings,"Sometimes you read rave reviews either in CI or in Cigar Aficionado and you can be a little suspicious/skeptical. This AB Nica Puro is legit. What a great smoke in all respects. Worth the price. Nice even, slow burn; great flavor that keeps changing throughout the smoke. Love this stick. Simply fantastic."
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,4 out of 5,Pleasant smoke. Worth your time and money,Pretty good smoke. Nice flavor and temperament. Hints of leather and spices. I only knocked a star because of the uneven burn.
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,4 out of 5,Good smoke worth tour,Pretty good stick. It smokes nice with a good draw and great flavor of leather and spices. I only knocked a star during to the uneven burn.
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley nico puro gordo,"One of THE BEST SMOKES IVE EVER SMOKED! Great taste, great burn , great construction, great everything! I've smoked cigars for 46yrs & this is just an awesome stick!! Thank you alec bradley & CI !"
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,3 out of 5,Good for a short 20,Good for a short 20 minute break.
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,Very nice as expected,Very nice as expected
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,Awesome Smoke!,Awesome smoke!
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,Very pleased,"Good value, great draw and great flavor!"
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,Suprisingly tasty,"A very flavorful and smooth smoke, it has my recommendation."
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,Excellent flavor,The Alec Bradley Nica Puro has excellent flavor and burns smooth and even. One of my favorite morning cigars.
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,My personal choice!!,Love the flavor
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,Good cigars,Good cigars
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,4 out of 5,AB Nicaraguan Puro,"A powerful and strong blend, very solidly constructed."
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,Awesome Cigars,Wow. Excellent taste and gray even burn. This are excellent cigars in every sense of the word!!
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,4 out of 5,Great Buy!,This smoke was even smooth at a great price.
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,4 out of 5,Nice Puro Robusto,Great cigar - terrific balanced Nicaraguan flavor and nice burn and ash. Boomed out smoke. Good value as well.
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,4 out of 5,Alec Bradley,"Decent flavor, smaller in length and ring size than I like but I thought they had a good draw and were good."
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,"Nica Puro. Yum, yum, yum!",These cigars start off just right for a med/full flavored stick. They get better and better as you smoke it down. There are all kinds of flavors hidden in this Puro and it's Nicaraguan long fillers and binder. The taste just keeps giving pleasure from start to finish. I love the last 1/3 and I tend to smoke them right to the nub. Try these Alex Bradley Nico's and you'll become a lover of 90 rated beauties like I have.
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,I love these..will order again
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,3 out of 5,Cigars where rolled to tight.,Cigars where rolled to tight. I want purchase again.
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,Very good,Very good
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,4 out of 5,One of my favorites,Solid mild-medium cigar. Great flavor. Enjoyable smoke.
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,Nica Perfecto,"One of my favorite smokes, smooth draw with even burn and plenty of taste"
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,4 out of 5,A.B. nico Pura Robusto,"Nice draw, medium bodied, smooth finish, not hot. Very good stick"
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,4 out of 5,Good smokes,Good smokes
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,4 out of 5,Awesome,I love this cigar. Bold smoke and great burn. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is I haven't received them yet. Free shipping takes over a week.
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,Good smoke,"Came up as an offer, as I already placed my order. Thought how could I go wrong? Very pleasing smoke."
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,Great deal!,These cigars are the best great draw great taste. For the price you can't go wrong. I will order again!
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,love doing business with you,love doing business with you
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,Mmm good!,"Nicaraguan puros seem to be my favorites. I love those silky habano wrappers and flavorful dark long fillers. The Nica Puro is a fine example. Its medium for sure, but not too far from full. Its got that nice, simple, creamy puro charm."
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,Great Cigar!,Thia is one of best cigars I've tasted! I will buy again!
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,A great cigar for the price,A stouter version of nice libre. Good flavor.even burn. Good cigar
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,2 out of 5,Meh,"Not imressive in the least, no clue why this is getting all the 5 stars"
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,4 out of 5,Time out a day,Creamy break from life. Totally enjoyed something new. Worth a reorder
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,Nico Puro Coyote,Very good stick
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,Excellent draw and flavor. Never,Excellent draw and flavor. Never disappoints
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,Very smooth. Easy draw. Will,Very smooth. Easy draw. Will buy again
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,2 out of 5,did Not enjoy,Not very good not impressed. would not reorder
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,4 out of 5,Nice even smoke slightl kick,Nice even smoke slightl kick will be a go to smoke for a while
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,A must have in your humidor !!!,"This is one of the best cigars I have ever tried. Good flavor, good burn, excel not and enjoyable smoke. I record this to everyone."
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,Enjoyable,Very satisfying cigar with good flavors and even burn
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,4 out of 5,"Good cigar,",Please bring back the samplers for 39 or 49 dollars. Love Alec Bradley cigars.
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"I'm on my second box of Nica Puro's, I can't stay away from them. More AB Nica Puros are in my future."
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,4 out of 5,Great draw smooth flavor,Great draw smooth flavor
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,I can only say this...,Yes Please... MORE MORE MORE!
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,4 out of 5,"Gr at smoke, good value","Robust, good flavored, well wrapped cigar."
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,smooth operator,"This was an extreamly pleasurable smoke, smooth yet full bodies with a cool and easy draw."
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,4 out of 5,Great Smoke,Very pleasurable indeed.
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,5 out of 5,Very enjoyable full bodied smoke,Great cigar
Alec Bradley Nica Puro,4 out of 5,Cigar time,Love these. Well constructed and nice flavor.
Alec Bradley Nica Puro Rosado,4 out of 5,nice cigar,nice cigar
Alec Bradley Nica Puro Rosado,5 out of 5,M in McCordsville,Excellent mild to medium cigar. Especially if you like a little red.
Alec Bradley Nica Puro Rosado,5 out of 5,Excellent puro!,Great shape and look. Burns evenly and draws well especially close to the nub without getting bitter. A true Nicaraguan puro with all the flavors that goes along with it!
Alec Bradley Nica Puro Rosado,5 out of 5,"Great tasting, easy smoke.",I look forward to one of these at the end of a long day. Great tasting cigar. Never bitter or harsh. Easy to enjoy
Alec Bradley Nica Puro Rosado,4 out of 5,Good smoke,"I found this Cigar to be flavorful, and an average burn rate, I would buy them again."
Alec Bradley Nica Puro Rosado,4 out of 5,Good Quality,Consistent. Well made. Flavorful. Good value.
Alec Bradley Nica Puro Rosado,4 out of 5,"Good smoke, nice draw, solid roll",Al in all a good value and enjoyable smoke.
Alec Bradley Nica Puro Rosado,5 out of 5,Great Puro!,The cigar was great from start to finish. Very good construction. The flavor profile remains consistent throughout the smoke. I didn't put it down until the ash was burning my fingers. I definitely recommend for an every day smoke.
Alec Bradley Nica Puro Rosado,4 out of 5,Good cigar!,"Actually
The 6x60 is too big
Nice taste with the rosado."
Alec Bradley Nica Puro Rosado,5 out of 5,Pretty good cigars for the,Pretty good cigars for the price
Alec Bradley Nica Puro Rosado,4 out of 5,👍,👍
Alec Bradley Nica Puro Rosado,3 out of 5,"Not great like I expected, just average","disappointing , expected this to be 5 star but it was very average. had to relite a couple times, slightly harsh and burned slightly hot."
Alec Bradley Nica Puro Rosado,5 out of 5,Smooth evening smoke,Very nice in evening with vino
Alec Bradley Nica Puro Rosado,5 out of 5,You will be mine!,Have not tried yet but I am very excited to try this... Alec Bradley Nica Puro's have been my #1 go to smoke. Now add this beautiful Rosado... Amazing!
Alec Bradley Nica Puro Rosado,5 out of 5,"Nica Puro Robusto, my go to morning smoke","The AB Nica Puro Rosado Robusto has become one of my favorite cigars and the most frequent choice to accompany my morning coffee. It wasn’t the first AB cigar that I tried, but once I did became a constant presence in my humidor. I tend to like a medium bodied cigar for the first smoke of the day and this cigar is remarkably complex and satisfying without being overly strong, or bitter. It burns well, has been remarkably consistent in construction and taste and holds its own with even much more expensive cigars. I’ve tried several sizes, but seem to come back to the Robusto as my favorite."
Alec Bradley Nica Puro Rosado,4 out of 5,Need to wait for it,"The cigar is beautiful to look at, but the first third is not really interesting, dry, lifeless and weak. BUT, from that point it becomes medium-full with a nice flavor and balance of spice/wood/leather and a little burned nut flavor come thru. Needed a couple of touch-ups, but the wrapper was solid and the Gordo was perfect with a glass of whiskey. Gene C, Xiamen China"
Alec Bradley Nica Puro Rosado,5 out of 5,The Puro continues,WOW! A masterfully made salute to the art of the handmade Nicaraguan! Allen has done it again. Spices run free as you enter the 2nd third. Going to order the toro as I just don't want the robusto to end!!!
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,5 out of 5,"Wonderful, relaxing smoke! Would highly","Wonderful, relaxing smoke! Would highly recommend."
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke delicious flavors well worth a try highly recommend it
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,5 out of 5,Tasty and Smooth,CI has good bargains. I received the 6 cigar Alec Bradley sampler free with my order. The post embargo robusto is terrific. Every aspect is excellent. Roll ... draw ... burn ... flavor. It is full body but smooth and creamy. Delicious flavors. Cedar and coffee with dark chocolate and spice with a hint of pepper on the finish. Leaves a nice after taste. All the Alec Bradley I have tried are good. Pick up a sampler ... you won't be disappointed.
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,5 out of 5,Great cigars,Great cigars
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,5 out of 5,Solid.,These are solid smokes.
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,5 out of 5,Good cigar,Alec Bradley use one of my favorites and Post Embargo is one of my Favorites nice and smooth and burns well five stars for you
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,5 out of 5,Great,Flavor was excellent. Perfect draw as well. For the price they are a can’t misss
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,5 out of 5,Complex thru and thru,"One of the best from Alex Bradley. Full of flavor, start to finish."
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,5 out of 5,AB POST EMBARGO BELICOSO,REALLY SMOOTH SMOKE. NICE FLAVOR. GOOD BURN. I KEEP THESE IN MY HUMIDOR
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,4 out of 5,Review,I have not tried them yet. I’m sure that they will be worth waiting for. As some of the cigars I have bought in the past are a little dry out. So I am waiting before I try these
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,4 out of 5,NICE,NICE
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,5 out of 5,Amazing cigar,I bought these two weeks ago and they are amazing!
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,5 out of 5,Post Embargo...Yes!,"Settled in right away with nice notes, clean flavor and easy draw. Great construction and color. I usually enjoy more of the med-fulls but on this one I was trying to find an excuse to smoke 2 in a row. Saved the label from my first one months ago and right price came along and voila! I think you will not be disappointed if you try a 5 pack. This one is knocking to get into my top 10 and I am considering letting Alec in."
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,5 out of 5,Post embargo AB,"Nice smooth smoke, more full than medium, wanna go gordo next time."
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,5 out of 5,Post Embargo Heaven,"Nice flavors, clean and tasty."
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,4 out of 5,Solid Smoke,another winner from AB. This cigar will not disappoint.
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,5 out of 5,Post Embargo,I liked it... was mild... great with coffee in the morning
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,3 out of 5,Just alright...,Decent draw and burned well but very mellow. Definitely a medium body smoke. This one seemed to be a 'one note' experience. I prefer a smoke with more complexity.
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,3 out of 5,Not bad!,I typicaly like a darker stronger cigars but this was a surprise. Good but not amazing flavor. If you like light to medium body it's pretty good.
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,5 out of 5,Post Emabargo Best Cigar yet,It was by far the best cigar I have smoked this year! Even my friends who I shared with agreed it is a rich flavorful smooth smoke!
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,5 out of 5,Best cigars at the right price,Nowhere else can you taste the whole buffet for such a reasonable deal.
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,5 out of 5,One of the best smokes in a long time.,"My daily smoke, prior to finding the AB Post Embargo, has been the Herrera Esteli Pyramide. An excellent stick by all accounts. However, more and more my daily rotation has begun to include the AB PE - in other words, for those that are already familiar with the Herrera Esteli, it's that good. Walks a fine line between a gourmet dinner and dessert at a fine restaurant. This just seems to have it all, above all, complexity and loads of flavor. The texture is creamy, but not at the expense of something gratuitous, rather this is very finely knit. Excellent build, very good burn/draw, stunning flavors. I'm about to order my third box; I'll miss this, a lot, when it's all gone. Highly Recommended."
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,5 out of 5,Best on the market!!!!!!,Perfect to enjoy with a cool bourbon in hand:)
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,5 out of 5,Best dam stogie,I was introduced to this at CIGARfest 2016. And I've bought three boxes since. They're a great everyday smoke.
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,5 out of 5,Awesome,"This one is a winner,hit all my prerequisites"
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,5 out of 5,One of the Best Cigars I Have Ever Smoked,Well I normally smoke mold to medium cigars but this Amazing Stick has Open My Eyes. Trust Me on this It's Simply Freaking Awesome!
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,5 out of 5,Perfecto!,Saw a Video Review on this smoke and I just had to try it! I can't wait to smoke another one! Very nice spicy and smooth flavor!
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,5 out of 5,Consistent and smooth,Consistent and smooth
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,5 out of 5,Really good. Nice draw. Very,Really good. Nice draw. Very smooth
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,5 out of 5,New Favorite Lancero!,"This is a great Lancero! I love Themis cigar from start to finish. It has a great draw and the taste is spectacular. The cigar has some spice but is not overpowering. The burn is even all the way down to the end. Try this one out, you will not be disappointed."
Alec Bradley Post Embargo,4 out of 5,Unusually Delicious,"Very happy with my purchase...was watching a cigar review show on a local public access tv channel and one of the reviewers said this was his favorite cigar of 2015...I quickly checked CI's website and they had them at a reasonable price so I took a chance and bought a box. I'm by no means a connoisseur but I know what I like and what I like normally turns out to be highly rated... This cigar started out with a real punch; almost too much so, where I got concerned I just bought a box I couldn't smoke but, god, did that change quick... All I can say is that I'm at a loss of adjectives to describe the following taste but it was smooth and good. I'd give five stars if it was smoother from jump street. Just don't draw too hard those first few puffs and you should be in great shape"
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar. Introduced it to,"Excellent cigar. Introduced it to all my friends, they were overwhelmed."
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,How it smoked,Burn and draw were consistent. Ash stayed firm for a long way thru. They came to me fresh and I smoked it right from the package. These are my favorite AB cigars. Definitely will purchase more. They were a good deal.
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Fantastic smoke,Fantastic smoke
Alec Bradley Prensado,4 out of 5,Great bite with no bite back,This is a good hang out with your buddies knock back a few and torch one off kinda cigar. This one comes from a company that never really disappoints so there really are no surprises and something everyone wouldn’t mind smoking. The cigar actually has a really good bite so you can grip it with your teeth while dealing cards but it’s mild tempered so if you get a little retro-hale it won’t choke you out.
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Good cigars. Good burn.,Good cigars. Good burn.
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Smooth drawing good Taste. One of my favorite.
Alec Bradley Prensado,4 out of 5,AB Prensado,"Good solid, well constructed smoke. I'll be buying again."
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Great smoke always a go,Great smoke always a go too for me.
Alec Bradley Prensado,4 out of 5,Great Full Flavor,"Nice box of cigars for a special occasion.
My Father rated them as a 91 or 92."
Alec Bradley Prensado,4 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,What a great cigar!,"I am, traditionally, a light to medium cigar smoker. CI recently put these Robutos on sale and I wanted to try them. They were exceptional. The size and quality of this Prensado was just stunning. Normally, outside my paygrade, I found these cigars worth every penny."
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Recommended!,"AB makes some of my favorite sticks. This one is at the top of the list of AB's for me. I've never had a bad Prensado. Quality sticks, good draw, consistent burn. Very enjoyable smoke!"
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Prensado is awesome,This is one of my favorite smokes!
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,New favorite,A full body smoke without any unwanted bite. This is my new favorite. Rich smooth and delectable.
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"Great flavor, burn, and draw. I got a 5 pack of these in robusto size. I found myself wishing I had bought the gordos, so they would last longer."
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Fantastic cigars,Fantastic cigars
Alec Bradley Prensado,4 out of 5,4 stars,Great smoke but it is the only cigar in my humidor that I consistently get cracked wrappers on. Not sure if it’s supposed to be kept at a different humidity or maybe something like that.
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Awesome cigar,"I purchased these to give out as gifts, but after smoking one, I immediately changed my mind and kept them for myself. These are really well made and great tasting cigars."
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Great combo,I order these together and I am enjoying them both.
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,"Full flavor, great taste!","Full flavor, great taste!"
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Easy smoke,Easy smoke
Alec Bradley Prensado,4 out of 5,A little strong at first,"A little strong at first but milds out very
nicely and is a enjoyable smoke"
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Truly excellent cigar.,Truly excellent cigar.
Alec Bradley Prensado,3 out of 5,Worth a shot,"Smoked my first Prensado ...did it look nice prelight? Yes, burn good? Started to go off a tad but corrected itself, no problem there,the taste was pretty consistent if you like that,to the last third,which had a heavier than I like woody taste.All in all,was it a good cigar? Yes....are there better out there for the money?Yes."
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Great cigar,My favorite for the $$
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Consistent Beast,"Really solid and consistent stick. If you like the notes on this one, it might be a boxer for sure."
Alec Bradley Prensado,4 out of 5,Love the cigars,Love the cigars
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Outstanding,My favorite- taste- smell - burn🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥👍
Alec Bradley Prensado,4 out of 5,healthy,healthy
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth
Alec Bradley Prensado,4 out of 5,Top Fiver Here!!! SIZE MATTERS!!,"Presently smoking the 'Churchill' snd this is only my 3rd Prensado. In my opinion, with THIS cigar: SIZE DOES MATTER!!! The 1st one was a ROBUSTO, the 2nd a TORO and now im JUST starting this Churchill. THAT being said, only after smoking the TORO did I see/ believe/ taste what the hype was about; the TORO was AMAAAAAAZZZING!!
It was living up to all those GREAT reviews!
And, so far, this Churchill is holding its own.
Mt suggestion for this one (along with almost EVERY CIGAR is PATIENCE! Let em ready a month or so and toy will NOT be disappointed👍🙏🤞😉"
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Alan Rubin...The Genius!,"Been wanting to purchase a box of these for quite sometime. At the Alec Bradley event at Cigarfest, they had 40% off any box. Didn't pull the trigger and kicked myself for it. A week or so later, CI had 40% and I jumped on it for this box. Alan Rubin is a genius. As others have said, it starts out with a nice buttery smooth taste with a tad bit of spice and coffee and then has a woodsy taste. Absolutely loving this cigar. Easily my favorite Alec Bradley to date. I will let the other 19 sit in the humidor until a special occasion. Up next will be the Magic Toast and I'll get them for Fathers Day."
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley Presidento 6X60,This cigar is excellent it has a great deal going on for a heavy cigar it is so enjoyable to smoke. I found it started out leathery buttery smooth yet with hints of spice and coffee. It transitioned to wood and Earth yet still retaining the light leathery and coffee tastes so interesting and so enjoyable.
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley Presidento 6X60,This cigar is excellent it has a great deal going on for a heavy cigar it is so enjoyable to smoke. I found it started out leathery buttery smooth yet with hints of spice and coffee. It transitioned to wood and Earth yet still retaining the light leathery and coffee tastes so interesting and so enjoyable.
Alec Bradley Prensado,4 out of 5,Presnado,Great tasting cigar. Occasional burn run on side of cigar during the smoke.
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,"Sneak attack strength, fine complex smoke.","Rarely does any cigar knock me on my can, but This Alec Bradley Churchill did just That. OK, probly not a smart choice for a Breakfast stick. 30 minutes in, Im like man I'm feeling woosey. 5 minutes later, I'm eating a box of tick tacs. Still had a good half of the cigar left. Light spice and leather, thought only medium body, don't usually get big strength from medium. After the light headed rush, the deep leather and pepper come in it just blew me away with what a flavor bomb this was. A sneak attack, but one of the best cigars I have had. Also had coffee and cocoa notes on the finish."
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Outstanding,By far one of my favorite two or three non Cubans.
Alec Bradley Prensado,4 out of 5,They’re good.,"Great flavor, easy draw, and doesn’t burn hot. The only reason I give it 4 instead of 5 is because it doesn’t burn even and I have to touch it up quite a bit. This could change if I leave them in the humidor for a month or so. Overall I would recommend this cigar."
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,I like it,I really really like it! I may buy more but only if you do not bother me with any more of these review requests. Just sayin!
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Dressed to impress,"This is a 5 star rating due to the Prensado being a great cigar, absolutely affordable, and it's rated 96! The experts at C.I. know better than I; however, anyone who knows cigars will know you have good taste."
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,My favourite smoke.,I allways have these in my humidor. These are my all time favorite. Smooth and tasty from start to finish.
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Settled in well,Good cigar. It was a little dry when shipped but after a few weeks in the humidor they were very good.
Alec Bradley Prensado,4 out of 5,Oneof my best.,Very smooth smoke.
Alec Bradley Prensado,3 out of 5,A bit harsh for my taste,"Alec Bradley is my go to smoke. However, this one is stronger than others I've had,such as the American Classic. I intend on sticking with AB just not this one."
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Always a favorite,Always a favorite
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,alec bradley prensado robusto,one of my favorite cigars a great everyday smoke.This cigar has a nice smooth draw and a rich flavor that burns evenly from start to finish a must have for every humidor.
Alec Bradley Prensado,3 out of 5,My cigar,These are one of my top 5 go to cigars.
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Prensado,"Awesome stick, if only the cigar gods could bring the prices down full time."
Alec Bradley Prensado,5 out of 5,Reliably good smoke!,"Love the consistency of AB's Prensado, and if I only have an hour to burn a robusto is the perfect smoke."
Alec Bradley Prensado Fumas,5 out of 5,"Pretty good smoke, Great price","Better than I expected for a Cuban sandwich. I love the Prensado, and I really like this Fumas. Get a slightly weaker taste of Prensado for just a couple bucks a stick. Perfect for the golf course, boat, or everyday smoke. I will buy more."
Alec Bradley Prensado Fumas,4 out of 5,"Nice cigars: good flavor, slow","Nice cigars: good flavor, slow burn, well made. For an inexpensive cigar, these are great."
Alec Bradley Prensado Fumas,5 out of 5,Alec Greatly,"Very flavorful, but than It's from Alec Bradley"
Alec Bradley Prensado Fumas,3 out of 5,Very bad burn,"These Alec Bradley cigars do not taste the same as the true Alec Bradley, taste is pretty good, construction is not great and the burn is the worst I have ever had."
Alec Bradley Prensado Fumas,5 out of 5,Best deal I've got in a while.,This might be the best deal on the site. Tasty Prensados for 2 bucks a pop??? Yes please. The full Prensado flavor is there. So is the great slow burn. And the ones I've smoked haven't had any blemish that bothered me. Will buy again for sure
Alec Bradley Prensado Fumas,4 out of 5,Worth every penny,For the money yes it's a great stick. I have had many lose the cap. Most are great. I have had several packs of these. This is a daily stick for me.
Alec Bradley Prensado Fumas,5 out of 5,Do it good price,Glad I got these. Great smokes. Minor blemishes. Burns well and tastes as good as perfect ones.
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Fantastic cigar,"One of the best, if not the best cigar Alec Bradley produces. You will not be disappointed in this cigar."
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,They're excellent,They're excellent
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,4 out of 5,Smoked well,The draw is smooth and it’s burns well. This cigar has a strong tobacco taste that’s ok.
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Cant beat a Prensado,"One of my favorite cigars, i alway jeep a few in my box"
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Love them
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,New favorite,"I normally choose a mild-moderate stick, but this one is full of flavor and not over powering. Definately in my top three, possibly top two."
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,4 out of 5,There fine,There fine
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,4 out of 5,No monkey business,"It doesn’t waste any time doing it’s job in satisfying my cigar craving. Subtle but yet stern on the flavor, no heavy smoke smell. The only Alec Bradley stick I buy."
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Another AB hit,"Excellent burn, tasty body, fulfilling character. Always a treat at CI deals!"
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,"Got this with sampler I made and I loved it!
I’ve not had many cigars from him but this has not been a bad smoke at al! ROLL TIDE!
YEE YEE"
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,This is an excellent cigar but out of all of the AB cigars I rate this sightly behind the Mundial which I think is their best.
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Lost Art Found,"The art is definitely not lost on this cigar. One of the best - great aroma, taste, burn - the whole package. I definitely recommend."
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,4 out of 5,Nice Smoke,I thought it was a good cigar.
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,4 out of 5,Disappointed,"I was a little disappointed, but compared to the actual Prensado, it wasn’t fair. Still a solid stick."
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,AB lost art double T,"Very good, best I have found."
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,4 out of 5,Love the cigar BUT.......my last,"Love the cigar BUT.......my last few orders have come in a very dry condition. As in you can not smoke them for a few weeks because the tobacco is crunchy.
Thank you
BILL"
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Smoked and tasted perfectly. All in box were perfect quality.
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,4 out of 5,Alec Bradley Lost Art,Good flavor. Med Strong. I keep reordering
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Perfection,The title says it all
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Lost Art,Great cigar! Love them!
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,4 out of 5,Lost Art,"Similar to the standard Prensado but a little more complex. Full flavored with a hint of wood, leather and earth; somewhat disappointed with the uneven burn."
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Art lost flavour found,Excellent cigar. Strong flavour easy draw. Burned consistent
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley,Great Love this
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,"I have not found an Alec Bradley I did not like, some a bit more than others. This one is in the really like catagory. Very good cigar start to finish."
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Great cigar,I am a fan of the original presnado. This is a very worthy successor.
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Lost Art,Great cigar completely satisfied start to finish!
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,4 out of 5,It’s good,A very good stick
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke. It lives up to the prior Prensado
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,GOOD Cigar,I love to buy Alac Bradley Cigars. I have not had a bad one yet. Not sure what the rating is yet but it should be in the high 80's to low 90's
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,They were very goood worth,They were very goood worth the money
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Good flavor and constructed well
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Prensado Lost Art,"What ever they did to improve the Prensado, to make Lost Art. Keep up the fantastic work!! Best cigar I have had in a while! I am a devout follower of Alec Bradley. Love all their cigars."
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Prensado,My go to cigar! Never disappoints!
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,ALEC Bradley lost art,Amazing!
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,3 out of 5,Good cigar if you like box pressed.,"I bought a five pack of these because I'm a big fan of Alec Bradley cigars in general but I absolutely hate box pressed sticks and the Prensado is not listed as a pressed cigar so I thought I'd try it due to all the great ratings.
I've just never understood putting a square peg in a round hole.
Anyway maybe that's just me. Just beware if you don't like pressed cigars."
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,WOW,"Great cigar, great taste,burns well. I will definitely be buying more of these"
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Great Smoke's,"Rocky Petal decade - robusto, Man of War - Ruination, Alec Bradley - Rensado lost art toro, La Perla Habana - Black Pearl Morado Belicoso. All fantastic smokes, smooth, just enough bite, I'll be back."
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,great cigar,great cigar
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,2 out of 5,not what I expected from a 95 rating,"If I'm not mistaken, these were touted as earning a 95 rating...they didn't live up to it. Box pressed and fairly well made, the flavor just didn't do anything for me...just a bunch of hot smoke."
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Very good I shared with,Very good I shared with friend though very good also
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Liked them very much,Liked them very much
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Can't go wrong with a Lost Art,"Nice full flavored cigar. Excellent construction, excellent burn, very good smoke output, nice draw. Will always have a few on standby in the humidor!"
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,4 out of 5,Good smke,"Well made, good smoke but not my favorite...."
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,4 out of 5,I like this smoke better,I like this smoke better then the original
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Not disappointed! Amazing smoke!,"I had ordered a series of five packs thinking I was getting the Alec Bradley Prensado, one of my favorite smokes. To my surprise the Prensado Lost Art arrived instead. Hadn’t heard of it, knew nothing about it, but was I glad for my mistake. Fantastic smoke, this box-press cigar is amazing past the band. You will not want to put it down. Give it a go, you will not be disappointed."
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,4 out of 5,Tried 1st time...,"1st time purchase,pleasant surprise ... Full body, full of flavor,well constructed.Worth a light!"
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Frictionless,Frictionless
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,Nice selection,Nice selection
Alec Bradley Prensado Lost Art,5 out of 5,CIGAR ORDER NEVER LETS ME DOWN,I waited later than normal to order cigars but to no surprise they arrived quicker than expected and ready to smoke. My cigars were humidified and didn't need to spend in my humidor prior to smoking.
Alec Bradley Project 40,5 out of 5,This at one time was a great secret,"Now the secret is out. These smokes are perfect Great tasting, great burn, great draw. Another fine Alec Bradley cigar!!"
Alec Bradley Project 40,5 out of 5,Evening Cigar,"even burn, good daily smoke"
Alec Bradley Project 40,5 out of 5,excellent,Split the Joe's DD amongst my 3 smoker buying club. EVERYONE loved them! Now waiting on 2 $60 boxes of Churchill's from another site! Thanks CI for another great Joe's cigar. WINNING!
Alec Bradley Project 40,5 out of 5,AB Project 40,"Excellent, good-to-great value."
Alec Bradley Project 40,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Alec Bradley Project 40,5 out of 5,Surprisingly smooth and balanced,Surprisingly smooth and balanced
Alec Bradley Project 40,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Medium body cigar with a nice even burn. Good after dinner smoke.
Alec Bradley Project 40,5 out of 5,Great everyday smoke,This is a great cigar for the price. One of my favorite everyday smoked.
Alec Bradley Project 40,5 out of 5,Love the cigars. Actually a,"Love the cigars. Actually a friend of my had given me one to smoke and I really liked it , so I ordered a box .👍"
Alec Bradley Project 40,4 out of 5,Very smooth,Very smooth
Alec Bradley Project 40,5 out of 5,Project 40,Nice smooth smoke. Just the right size!
Alec Bradley Project 40,5 out of 5,Very good cigar,"Was a very tasty cigar. Not too heavy, not light. Very satisfying down to the nub."
Alec Bradley Project 40,4 out of 5,"Phenomenal, but...","I ordered a box of these boys and a few sticks had horrible draws, but the ones that I could get a good smoke from were phenomenal! I’ll definitely be purchasing more in the future."
Alec Bradley Project 40,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"Enjoyed from beginning to end. No real intense flavor development through out but, very nice medium nutty flavor with some creamy notes. Burns straight and construction is top notch. Smoked 5 from the box so far. Definitely on the buy list"
Alec Bradley Project 40,5 out of 5,Heavenly Smoke,"I loooved this stick from the 1st few puffs. Sure it requires some deep drags but it's a 60"" after all! Delicious & highly satisfying. Another gem from Mr. Bradley. A+"
Alec Bradley Project 40,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Great stick at a great price.
Alec Bradley Project 40,4 out of 5,Project 40,"1/19
Remember reviews are subjective, everybody's pallets are different. I got a grass and sweet tobacco flavor with a slightly bitter coffee dryness in the mouth. Amazing construction burned well with good ash. The draw sucks really tight near head. I picked up some mouth spice and more earthy taste further in. Flavors stayed consitant through entire smoke. Good stick except for draw."
Alec Bradley Project 40,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,Excellent smoke
Alec Bradley Project 40,3 out of 5,Hard to draw from,"Tried one tonight. It is so tight I can not get a draw. I've tried a draw pull, cutting under the cap and nothing."
Alec Bradley Project 40,4 out of 5,Another winner from Alec Bradley,I thought I'd try a new blend; the Project 40 in toro. It was a good medium stick. The smoke was plentiful and the burn was good. The flavor was good. Another good Alec Bradley blend.
Alec Bradley Project 40,3 out of 5,Nice everyday smoke,"Nice middle of the road stick. Perfect draw, good construction, but had some veining.
Bright white ash and perfect burn. I’m not good at flavor descriptions, suffice to say I agree with the CI description.
Nothing fantastic here, but a nice everyday smoke. Recommended."
Alec Bradley Sanctum,5 out of 5,Hard To Find,Tried it once from a local cigar shop. Excellent cigar! Discontinued at the store but available at CI.
Alec Bradley Sanctum,5 out of 5,Great cigar,My go to cigar. Absolutely delicious!
Alec Bradley Sanctum,5 out of 5,Great!,No complaints. Another winner by AB.
Alec Bradley Sanctum,4 out of 5,AB,Nice evening 'gar.
Alec Bradley Sanctum,3 out of 5,okay stick,"Not a bad cigar. Sometimes a little tight, but a good cigar for the price. I get a lot of cedar in the flavor, and fairly straight forward. #CIMonteGiveaway"
Alec Bradley Sanctum,5 out of 5,Good smoke.,"This is another fine cigar from A.J. Fernandez. It tastes good, and is smooth."
Alec Bradley Sanctum,5 out of 5,Good,Good
Alec Bradley Sanctum,5 out of 5,Nice Cigar,"Another great cigar, easy draw, even burn, and nice aroma"
Alec Bradley Sanctum,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley,Nice corojo cigar. In the humidor for some age. Looking forward to smoking in the spring
Alec Bradley Sanctum,5 out of 5,Excellent Smoke!,Will recommend every time! Really enjoyed this one.
Alec Bradley Sanctum,4 out of 5,"Good, not great.","Not quite as flavorful as other AB's. However, that's saying alot...still gets 4 stars."
Alec Bradley Sanctum,5 out of 5,I like this cigar,"I bought a AB sampler with one Sanctum in it, and decided that I wanted to try more of them. I like the complexity that kicks in at the end of the first third and might buy more. Medium body, good smoke production, and excellent construction. Good smoke."
Alec Bradley Sanctum,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"I really like this cigar. My friend gave me one to try, and after I smoked it, I put in
an order. Great Cigar !!!"
Alec Bradley Sanctum,4 out of 5,verry good cigar,very good cigar. They have a bit of a pepper taste to them that I like very much. I was very happy with the ten pack deal!!!
Alec Bradley Sanctum,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,"Very nice draw,, burns even, taste good. Overall very good cigar."
Alec Bradley Sanctum,5 out of 5,One of my new favorites,Great cigar! Burns nice and not too strong! I loved it and look forward to my next one!
Alec Bradley Sanctum,5 out of 5,WANT SOME GET SOME!,"Good smoke with a robust flavor, hints of leather coffee and a tad of pepper. Will be buying a box."
Alec Bradley Sanctum,5 out of 5,Great smokes!,These are some of my new favorite cigars
Alec Bradley Sanctum,4 out of 5,Unexpected great experience!!!!,"Enjoying cigars for over 20 years! This cigars has without a doubt top 5 best draw ever , lots of white peppery smoke. Very satisfied."
Alec Bradley Sanctum,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley Sanctum Robusto,Very good cigar
Alec Bradley Sanctum,5 out of 5,Great smoke.,Great smoke.
Alec Bradley Sanctum,3 out of 5,Not My Fave,"Just smoked my 3rd stick. I had been wanting to try this one due to its high rating. Good, even burn; just the right amount of smoke, great on the draw but there are a hundred cigars out there that can do that. The first 3rd was not impressive. I'm normally a full-body smoker but this one was harsh. Not complex in taste. Mediocre at best. 2nd, 3rd the cigar got better but didn't really ring the bell for me. Final third lost ground again. I got a good buy on a 10-pack and I'll smoke the rest of them. But, as far as buying them again, I won't."
Alec Bradley Sanctum,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,"My ability to taste subtle flavors in cigars, coffee, etc., is limited. However, this cigar has overcome this limitation. Great flavor throughout!!"
Alec Bradley Sanctum,5 out of 5,Good deal,Good deal
Alec Bradley Sanctum,4 out of 5,Great smoke!,"This cigar certainly did not disappoint as it was smooth from the first few puffs. Bit milder than expected but robust in flavor, burns cool and taste very even throughout."
Alec Bradley Sanctum,4 out of 5,Good,Good smoke but a little strong for my taste
Alec Bradley Sanctum,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Alec Bradley Sanctum,4 out of 5,Great quick little cigar.,Great quick little cigar.
Alec Bradley Sanctum,4 out of 5,Relaxing,Relaxing smoke
Alec Bradley Sanctum,5 out of 5,Quality sticks from AB,They have a more mellow profile than many others from AB and of course there are times when that is exactly what is needed. Great construction and burn and overall quality you would expect from this brand.
Alec Bradley Sanctum,5 out of 5,I... LOVE... THIS... CIGAR!!!,"This delicious stick is probably my fav robusto smoke! It does no wrong in my book! Great flavor... well-built... great ash... perfect size for an fun outdoor activity, or, just chillin' at the local shop... great smoke!"
Alec Bradley Sanctum,5 out of 5,Unexpected pleasure,On my last order these were in the daily Joe section so I figured why not try them. What an unexpected surprise they are. Hopefully I can let the rest take a little longer rest in my humi and get an even more pleasing smoke. They burn even and have a strong white ash the first few draws were slightly harsh but that faded quickly and the stick maintained a great and balanced flavor the rest of the way. I will order more soon. Thanks again CI for a great quality smoke.
Alec Bradley Sanctum,3 out of 5,Alec Bradley sanctum,"Quick shipping as usual, never had a bad experience with CI, great place to shop."
Alec Bradley Sanctum,4 out of 5,A new favorite,Exceptional smoke. Highly recommend. Even draw and smooth all the way thru.
Alec Bradley Sanctum,5 out of 5,Personal Fav... delivered quick and they're well-made!,"The first ""full"" stick I ever really liked was a Sanctum Toro... But, since I have ""shallow pockets"", I don't order them all that often. I will say that it's a well-made stick. I wish that CI had a deal for more than 5, though. I would surely jump on that bandwagon."
Alec Bradley Sanctum,4 out of 5,VERY NICE,"Very good cigar, smooth and quite tasty."
Alec Bradley Sanctum,4 out of 5,"A nice, refined smoke","I thought this was a milder cigar than the medium-full rating. It may be that the tastes are more subtle. That is not to say it is boring. It is well balanced, has a nice aroma, and produces a good amount of smoke. I plan on getting more of these. I liked it a lot more than the Prensado."
Alec Bradley Select Corojo,5 out of 5,"Stellar medium smoke, with grassy","Stellar medium smoke, with grassy notes and leather. Great draw and even burn."
Alec Bradley Select Corojo,4 out of 5,Smooth and tasty,"Good burn, great flavor. Always a good brand"
Alec Bradley Select Corojo,5 out of 5,Review,Happy with the quality and taste
Alec Bradley Select Corojo,4 out of 5,good smoke for the price,good smoke for the price
Alec Bradley Select Corojo,4 out of 5,Good everyday smoke,This budget Alec Bradley is a great go to for your everyday smoke. Good flavor for a medium bodied smoke.
Alec Bradley Select Corojo,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Great quality cigar at a good price.
Alec Bradley Select Corojo,4 out of 5,Very good taste. Wrapped well.,Very good taste. Wrapped well. I would definitely order again
Alec Bradley Select Corojo,5 out of 5,lecBradley Corojo,"Good construction, great flavor."
Alec Bradley Select Corojo,5 out of 5,nice cigar,nice cigar
Alec Bradley Select Corojo,3 out of 5,They were ok,They were ok
Alec Bradley Select Corojo,4 out of 5,Perfect time,I was looking for a medium to full smoke that lasts about 45-1h. This one fits this bill. Spicy at the end and good value.
Alec Bradley Select Corojo,4 out of 5,Great price okay smoke,"At the price point these cigars are, they provide a good everyday smoker. Nothing special, but certainly good."
Alec Bradley Select Corojo,5 out of 5,Nice budget friendly smoke,Nice budget friendly smoke
Alec Bradley Select Corojo,4 out of 5,ac,good cigar
Alec Bradley Select Corojo,4 out of 5,"Good cigar, burns well","Good cigar, burns well"
Alec Bradley Select Corojo,3 out of 5,A great smoke for a cheap price.,Smooth with hins of sandal wood
Alec Bradley Select Corojo,4 out of 5,AB Select Toro Corojo Bundle,"Excellent long filler cigars. Well constructed, burns well. Very smooth, medium bodied, but great tasting. Love Corojo wrapper, slight box press. Should be on discount sale more often!!"
Alec Bradley Select Corojo,4 out of 5,Very good smoke,Very good smoke
Alec Bradley Select Corojo,5 out of 5,Great sticks at a great price,Very happy with this purchase.
Alec Bradley Select Corojo,4 out of 5,But bad for the price,But bad for the price
Alec Bradley Select Corojo,5 out of 5,Great stick,This is an awesome cigar for that everyday smoke. The price allows you to share them with your buddies. Will definitely buy again.
Alec Bradley Select Corojo,4 out of 5,50/50,"These are a good teasting smoke but one problem 1/2 of them are quiet hard to draw and the other 1/2 are fine and draw properly.
A draw poker doesn't work very well either"
Alec Bradley Select Corojo,4 out of 5,Another Alec Bradley Treat,"Thoroughly enjoyable flavor and aroma. Construction was less than perfect, though. Good, even burn, but a bit tight on the draw until cured with a 1.5mm knitting needle I use to open up a tight cigar when it's needed."
Alec Bradley Superstition,4 out of 5,Nice smoke,Nice smoke
Alec Bradley Superstition,4 out of 5,Better than average - new to me,I hadn’t smoked many Alec Bradley cigars if any in the past. This was well made with nice spice and it burned well. Just a bit oily for my taste.
Alec Bradley Superstition,4 out of 5,Medium body that seems to,Medium body that seems to be a good every day cigars. I’ll buy more in the future.
Alec Bradley Superstition,5 out of 5,Super-yummy,Well made. Good draw. Nice burn. Lots of chewy smoke. You'll know your just had a fine cigar even if you're not superstitious.
Alec Bradley Superstition,5 out of 5,Akec Bradley Superstition,One of my husband's favorite cigars.
Alec Bradley Superstition,4 out of 5,Superstition no 13,Very good cigar with nice price.Great for a quick smoke.
Alec Bradley Superstition,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar,"For me, this particular cigar offers good multi-dimensional flavor and excellent draw without sacrificing construction quality."
Alec Bradley Superstition,5 out of 5,AB Superstition,"Very enjoyable cigar, Got the blend just right for me"
Alec Bradley Superstition,4 out of 5,Not too shabby,4 stars for the price. Out of the 5 pack 1 burned a little wonky and needed some touch ups start to finish BUT it didn’t really affect the taste. I’d buy again if on sale.
Alec Bradley Superstition,4 out of 5,Another Alec Bradley Great Cigar.,Great construction as always. Nice even burn. A Winner!
Alec Bradley Superstition,4 out of 5,Can't go wrong with AB,Can't go wrong with AB
Alec Bradley Superstition,4 out of 5,Good cigar,"Alec Bradley released this one just around the time of the Toast and I think it got lost in translation but it is a nice cigar with a good, long burn and good taste."
Alec Bradley Superstition,4 out of 5,AB Torpedo,Good stick
Alec Bradley Superstition,4 out of 5,Very smooth,Very smooth
Alec Bradley Superstition,5 out of 5,Strong,"If you like a full body cigar, don't pass this one up. Good construction, & draw' I've ordered them twice."
Alec Bradley Superstition,5 out of 5,HIGHLY RECOMMENDED,Great medium taste from start to finish...nice even burn to the end. I introduced this cigar to a few of my friends who have smoked for years and they raved about it. Nice inexpensive cigar with an expensive taste...
Alec Bradley Superstition,4 out of 5,Taste qualities,Nice flavor and sits on the tongue well.
Alec Bradley Superstition,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,"I bought a 5 pack a week ago and like them so much I ordered a box. Good draw, flavor, razor sharp burn. Smoke them down to the nub."
Alec Bradley Superstition,3 out of 5,Lacks consistency.,"I smoked 5 of this cigar and thought they were up my ally. They had elements of darks fruits and medium body. The next 5 had less of a desirable draw, and, hence, the flavors were washed away."
Alec Bradley Superstition,4 out of 5,Alec Bradley Superstitions,Not a bad cigar
Alec Bradley Superstition,5 out of 5,Nice smokes!,"This cigar starts out this 46 flavor States from the beginning chewy flavors that endure throughout the smoke. Not for the faint of heart, this is more of a full-bodied smoke as are most of the AB line. Recommended for the seasoned smoker."
Alec Bradley Superstition,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley Superstition No. 13,An amazing cigar with great flavor and smoke. The wrapper burns evenly and does not come apart. Highly recommend.
Alec Bradley Superstition,2 out of 5,Strong and peppery,Strong and peppery
Alec Bradley Superstition,5 out of 5,Great blend,Nice smoke great hints of Earth leather and spice turns a little bitter at the end if you HotBox it
Alec Bradley Superstition,4 out of 5,Alec Bradley Superstition Torpedo,"First impression is, this is a well made cigar, consistent from beginning to the end, nicely blended tobaccos filler, binder and wrapper. Outer wrapper is smith and without annoying veins in the leaf, smokes medium to full and the taste and flavor is consistent till the end, good job and well made as expected from an Alec Bradley smoke."
Alec Bradley Superstition,5 out of 5,Run and purchase these ASAP,"Wow, was I surprised by this little cigar. Wonderful burn and taste. I've smoke four of them already so they are consistent. The Habano wrapper is one of the best I seen. Can't say enough about this amazing little cigar that burns like a much larger size."
Alec Bradley Superstition,4 out of 5,AB- Superstitution,"Easy draw, steady burn and surprising good taste."
Alec Bradley Superstition,5 out of 5,Great smoke.,I simply can't believe how good it is for the price.
Alec Bradley Superstition,5 out of 5,AB Superstition,Great cigar-very surprised how good for such a low price. Going to buy more.
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Fairly mild compared to some,"Fairly mild compared to some of my other favorite Alex Bradley cigars. I like to smoke the Prensado Lost Art most of the time, but when I am looking for a little change in flavor, I go to the Tempus"
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Loved the new Alec Bradley,Loved the new Alec Bradley Tempus Natural. very smooth and flavorful. It burned slowly and evenly and was very enjoyable.
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Go to!,Huge AB fan!
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,One of my favorites,Always smooth and good burn. One of my favorite go to humidor picks.
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"Love them, steady burn, great flavor"
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Recommended!,"AB makes some of my favorite sticks. This one is 2nd only to the Prensado for me from AB. I've never had a bad Tempus. Quality sticks, good draw, consistent burn. Very enjoyable smoke!"
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,C'mon It's an Alec Bradley,"The box pressed Tempus Quadrum is the best cigar I have ever smoked and that includes the Maduro. This cigar rivals any Cuban cigar, including the Montecristo Cuban, that I have smoked when I was in Canada."
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Delicious Cigars,"good quality, nice and delicious cigars. thanks."
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Tempus Natural,The best
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Perfection,Is Alex Bradley capable of making a bad or even not great cigar? One of my favorite makers.
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Cigarjoe says,I am normally a Gurkha smoker I purchased these because my father has a hard time smoking gurkhas there a little too powerful I love Alec Bradley Tempest they are wonderful I wish there were a little bit thinner I do prefer a 50 gauge unfortunately I'm a little short for it I'm 5 foot 8 and 140 lb so a big ring cigar was kind of funny looking on me everyone that we recommended Tempest anybody easy draw spicy smooth powerful flavor
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Best all around smoke.,This is my go to cigar. Consistently sets the standard for which all cigars should be rated.
Alec Bradley Tempus,4 out of 5,Nice cigar,Starts out as a nice cigar.
Alec Bradley Tempus,4 out of 5,good smoke,"these smoke good easy draw , even burn very enjoyable"
Alec Bradley Tempus,4 out of 5,NICE EASY DRAW GREAT TASTE,NICE EASY DRAW GREAT TASTE
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar,This is one of my favorites.
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Awesome smoke,Awesome smoke
Alec Bradley Tempus,4 out of 5,Not one of my favorite,Not one of my favorite cigars but nevertheless a good cigar
Alec Bradley Tempus,4 out of 5,First Alec Bradley,They were decent. I would purchase again. Decent flavor. Good smoke.
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley Tempus Quadrum,Excellant Cigar! Good flavour and is long lasting.
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Vry enjoyable,"Mild, good wrap and very enjoyable. Woud order these a good part of my orders."
Alec Bradley Tempus,4 out of 5,Very flavorful mid range smoke.,Very flavorful mid range smoke. Would definitely order this cigar again
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Excellent,Highly recommend this cigar!
Alec Bradley Tempus,4 out of 5,Great cigar.,Great cigar.
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Simply awesomeness,Simply awesomeness
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Good product,Nice smoke
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Awesome,Great smoke from Alec Bradley!
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Great smoke.,One of my all time favorite cigars. Great smoke with multiple flavor changes.
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Alec Bradley Tempus,4 out of 5,Great,Great
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,One of My Top 3,Alec Bradley Tempus is one of my top 3 favorite cigars of all time.
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Always need a box for,Always need a box for vacation!
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,ALEC BRADLEY TEMPUS QUADRUM,The Tempus Quadrum sits high on my list of fine cigars. The flavor begins bold and strong and remains consistent to the end. The Tempus Quadrum lasts considerably longer than other cigars. A must try for any lover of cigars.
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Tempus,"Great smoke
Smoke’m if you got’em if you don’t got’em get’em."
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Terrific,"This may be my favorite cigar right now. Full-bodied, excellent construction, excellent burn, and a rich, creamy flavor, the Tempus is well deserving of its CA #5 ranking for 2017. If not for my adoration of the Serie V, there would be no question. I've got a Serie V and a Serie V Melanio marinating in my humidor right now, waiting for a trip to Mexico in a few weeks. I'll be sure to compare the Tempus against those to see which is my favorite."
Alec Bradley Tempus,3 out of 5,"Full flavored, a bit harsh","Full flavored, a bit harsh at the end."
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Top End Cigar!,"Well constructed, excellent draw, burns evenly to the end. Not too heavy, but lots of flavor. One of my favorites from Alec!!"
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley Tempus,Full bodied beauty. Sophisticated blend with a nice burn and easy draw. Use a straight clean cut so the head doesn't break up when you finish.
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Just need to let them,Just need to let them percolate in humidor a while. Very nice.
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,"Beautifully built, beautiful even burn,","Beautifully built, beautiful even burn, excellent flavor"
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Is a really great smoke.
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,GREAT STICK,Not an expert but VERY MUCH enjoy this rich smoke
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley Tempus,"Fantastic cigar, full bodied but doesn’t overpower you. Consistent from beginning to end. You can’t go wrong with the Tempus Quadrum"
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
Alec Bradley Tempus,5 out of 5,Very good!,Can't go wrong with these. Good draw. Good taste.
Alec Bradley Tempus,4 out of 5,Great stick..,This is one I keep in my rotation 😁
Alec Bradley Tempus,4 out of 5,Close to 5 stars,"This cigar has smooth aged smoke, good flavors and great construction. If the draw were just a little looser, it would be absolutely perfect."
Alec Bradley Tempus Fumas,4 out of 5,"Good smoke, Great price","5 stars for the price, 3.5 stars for the cigar. The Fumas is,... good, but by no means great. It’s what I expected from a Cuban sandwich: pay just a little bit of money and get a (weaker) taste of a really good smoke, the AB Tempus Natural. If you really like the Tempus Natural, you should like this less expensive watered down version for the golf course, or an everyday smoke."
Alec Bradley Tempus Fumas,5 out of 5,Very good,Very good
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Weekend,Enjoy on the weekend
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Dynamite Cigar,"These cigars are my favorite on the planet. Whenever CI has a sale on them, I stock up. This cigar is explosive in terms of flavor and body...they remind me of the Cubans I have smoked over the course of my cigar smoking life. In fact they may be better than any Cuban I have smoked. I LOVE THEM!"
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar. burns evenly and,Excellent cigar. burns evenly and slowly with great taste
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Typical Alec Bradley Quality,The meaning of Tempus - “Time Flies” What? This cigar slows down your pace. I find the Maduro having a smooth full body taste. The burn brings a quality ash without cigar self destructing. ALWAYS have the Alec Bradley Tempus family in my humidor. Quality!
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,4 out of 5,One of my favorites!,Love the intensity of a fine Maduro!
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Great FULL Body,"Although shorter burning than what I prefer, these cigars are great tasting and with an amazing smell that is my after-dinner dessert."
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,"great smoke, did not realize","great smoke, did not realize it's kind of a boxpress but a grat cigar"
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,4 out of 5,"Nice, but...","Very enjoyable smoke, but difficult to keep lit for some reason - the cigar, not me."
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Don't pass this one up,One of the nicest cigars I've enjoyed.The burn is smooth and long lasting with deep flavors Going to indulge in one now
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Another great deal!,"Great smoke, everything you want in a maduro. Definitely will buy these again!"
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,3 out of 5,Okay,"Huge Alec Bradley fan - but found these to be okay at best. Hard to stay lit, lack of long leaf filler and a non-distinctive taste."
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent short stick,"Great smoke by Alec super burn and drawl with
Really good taste all the way through"
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Love these cigars will order,Love these cigars will order again soon
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,very good,love these cigars
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar,One of alec Bradley's best
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,wonderful stick. Love it.,wonderful stick. Love it.
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,3 out of 5,Good cigars. No great but,Good cigars. No great but good
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Great stick,The flavor and construction of this stick is fantastic. I definitely recommend this one.
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,"great flavor, solid ash, long","great flavor, solid ash, long burn."
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Great deal,Great deal
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,A+ Cigar!,"I'm new to cigars, but I've gotta say these are awesome. My first cigar purchase was the Gurkha Churchill sampler just to get my feet wet. So far I've smoked the Beast, Grand Age, and the Status, none of those were bad but the Tempus Maduro blows them away in my opinion. This is only my fourth cigar and it's the first one where I'm noticing different flavors. Mainly dark chocolate and coffee, it's also a very smooth cigar. At first I thought I might be going overboard buying a whole box of premium cigars I hadn't previously tried, but in the end I'm very happy with my purchase."
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,4 out of 5,Good stogie,It was an all round enjoyable time.
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Enjoyable cigar,A great smoke for everyone. I had these for a Vegas trip with some friends and everyone complimented how good they are.
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Affordable High quality,"Great draw, burn, flavor and finish. Easily a cigar for special occasions."
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Tempus,Intimidating looking cigar but it was very smooth for a Maduro wrapped cigar from beginning to end
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,"Great cigar, well constructed with","Great cigar, well constructed with good draw. Highly recommend."
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,4 out of 5,Good cigar for the price,Good cigar for the price if you enjoy a bold cigar!
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Loving Maduros,I haven't been smoking long and started out with mild cigars. That got boring real quick. Had a Maduro in sampler and liked it. Decided to try these and I am very glad I did. So much flavour!
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,4 out of 5,Really a 4 1/2,"This cigar bears all of the qualities of a regular Tempus except it has the rich characteristics of a Maduro. I rate it as one of the best maduros I have ever smoked. If you like Maduro cigars, you will love this one."
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Better Than Expected,"When I order samplers I find they are ok, but I smoked the Tempus and immediately ordered a box of ten. Very smooth throughout."
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,4 out of 5,Solid +,"Nice cigar. Well constructed, good taste, nothing to rave about."
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar on my favorite,Great cigar on my favorite list
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,3 out of 5,Average Cigar,"It’s a good cigar, but wouldn’t buy it again."
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,3 out of 5,Unimpressed,Heavily dyed wrapping... Uneven burn... Decent flavor... First Alec Bradley ever I was disappointed with
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Yummy Exquisite cigars,The Alec Bradley tempus Maduro is very delicious and full body cigar and I would recommend it to anyone who knows anything about a good tasting cigar
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Very good cigar
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,3 out of 5,Not bad for the cost,These were ok for the price point but I would not seek these cigars out to buy them again. Good for something to burn while golfing or cutting the lawn.
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Top notch cigars,These are Great!
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Fabulous smoke. Glad I bought 2 packs of 5 rather than only one. I have now tried all of the Alec Bradley Tempus cigars and I have only good things to say about all of them
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,"A rich, full-flavored blend that's","A rich, full-flavored blend that's smooth and balanced from start to finish. Divinities notes of coffee, cocoa, and a hint of pepper. Slightly sweet finish."
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley for the win,"Got these in Make Me an Offer a while back. Pat yourself on the back and treat yourself to a real experience of a stick with this one. This was my first AB of many, and the brand is now my go to stick. You really are getting yourself a true, fantastic smoking experience when you go with Alec Bradley. Get some!"
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke!...... my new favorite go to cigar for a full bodied cigar!!,Wish I had tried Alec Bradley line sooner!
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,1 out of 5,Bad choice,"First bad experience from CI, flavor is good, but these cigars don’t draw well at all, they burn very uneven (runners). First 6 cigars in the box all have the same problem and I have not smoked the rest. Pretty much unsmokeable"
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,A/B Tempus Mad,Excellent taste. Good size. Superb quality. Great price
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,great cigars,Love these cigars!!
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,4 out of 5,Pretty Good,"Notice I didn't say ""great."" The CAO camshaft beats this one in price and flavor IMO. I've always liked the AB brand, liked the FIXX, etc., but I think CAO has ruined me! Maybe a bit more aging will help these gars."
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,3 out of 5,cigar were fresh,"i like the cigars but not as much as i like the regular Tempus, is a good cigar but not my thing."
Alec Bradley Tempus Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,One of the best cigars I’ve ever smoked 👍
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Actually a 4.5,"If Tempus Quadrum is a 5, the Nicaragua Quadrum is definitely a 4.5. Where it lacks in body compared with the Tempus Quadrum, it makes up for it in taste. The Nicaragua has many spicy elements and, by the way, it too is full bodied. It is a really nice smoke!"
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great cigar. Seemed a little,Great cigar. Seemed a little lighter than the Maduro which suits my taste. Burned slowly and evenly with great flavors
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Another favorite!,"Nice all around smoke , as expected from AB!"
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Good flavor stick and consistent,"Good flavor stick and consistent throughout, not too bold. Will definitely keep these in my humidor"
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great Smooth Smoke,"I happened upon these. Got them with a 5 pack bundle, get five of one kind, and five of another. I got the bundle for the Predomo's in it, but also knew Alec Bradley was no slouch. When I tried these I was really surprised. I really liked the flavor, the smooth smoke and great burn. Taste developed well over the whole cigar, which is what I really look for. At the end I found I didn't want to give it up! I just kept the nub!! That's when I realized I gotta get some more of these!!"
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Smooth and excellent all the,Smooth and excellent all the way through
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Tempus Nicaragua,Great cigar. Good draw great taste start to finish. Highly recommend!
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Super cigar,Great smoke
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,3 out of 5,Good smokes,Good smokes
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,My Go To Cigar,"When I want good rich flavor, satisfying smoke, this is my favorite."
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Tempus Nicaragua,"The best cigar I’ve ever tasted. Great balance of flavors, the right draw. Ufff, this one is special"
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Tempus Nicaragua quantum,Really good smoke leather coffee chocolate notes will smoke again soon
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,saisfying smoke,This is one of my favorites. It is long on flavor.
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Very good cigar!,"I've enjoyed every Alec Bradley cigar I've smoked. Excellent construction, great taste right down to the end. Can't go wrong with these. Will buy again."
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Awsome love them,Awsome love them
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,3 out of 5,They are fair not the,They are fair not the bezt of the lot
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,First time smoke,"Bought these in a sampler deal, great smoke!"
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Great cigar,"Nice medium cigar, great taste,great burn and draw. Just have to get used to a box press is all. Will buy more."
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,One of my favorite cigars...,And I really like the 5X55 box press. Great flavor and burns well...
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Nice surprise,"Bought these on a deal, figured worth a try, well I’m sorry I didn’t get more. Was very happy with the smoke, smooth great flavor, smoked it down til I burnt my fingers. I will definitely be keeping these stocked in my humidor from now on. Thanks CI for the deal that got me to try these."
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Nutty pleasure,"Very well made, fruity-nutty taste, easy draw... pure pleasure."
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great Stick!,"I don’t think Alec Bradley can makes a bad cigar!! This one is full of dark cocoa, toast and a great even burn."
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Tempus Nicaragua,"Very smooth, with just a hint of black pepper on the back of the tongue. Alec does it again!"
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great taste,An awesome cigar. Got the deal and I could not be more pleased. It's a coin flip between these and Olivia V. You won't be disappointed.
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Tempus,I like this one better than the other blends with the Tempus name. This is a great smoke
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Quedrum,Decent smoke good draw as most box pressed are
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Nice,Smooth good burning flavorful amoke that i wpuld buy again..The i amoke alec bradlys the better i like em
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great,Loves these cigars !!
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Another stunner,"Gray cigar. Earthy, nuttiness abound."
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,My favorite Quadrum,My favorite of the Quadrum series. Great cigar
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great smoke and always consistent,"Great smoke and always consistent burn with wonderful flavor.Would but
Again
PatGummerson
Crystal Lake,Il"
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke.,"I like to keep these in my humidor, an excellent stogie I enjoy them very much, cudos to CI for having them in stock at such an affordable price."
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Melllow,"For a Nicaraguan cigar, it's very smooth without a lot of pepper kick. Definitely different."
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Cigars always fresh!,"I am glad I moved over to Cigars International a few years back, every order I make is always fresh. The quality never disappoints"
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Not in my price budget,A lil expensive for me but good flavors
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,How do you make great to Awesome?,"When I take a deep look in my heart I know I am a Nicaraguan Cigar man, that being said Alec Bradley created a beast with this version of the classic Tempus line."
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Greatest,Smooth i just aint got the words
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great flavor nice draw
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,great,This was a great cigar. I buy it when I get a deal otherwise out of my price range. Buy um if you can.
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Johnny Vegas,Alec Bradley is one of my fave brands. My fave cigar is the Tempus Nicaragua Quadrum size. It is true quality smoke all the way.
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,3 out of 5,Tempus Nicaragua,"Tightly wrapped cigar that draws hard, burns even but is hard to keep lit. Smooth tasting cigar."
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Amazing cigar,I will buy again
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Thank You,My order came in a timely manner and the cigars were fresh.
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,2 out of 5,Disappointing,This batch burned unevenly.
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Quality cigar for your money,"I first purchased 10 of these with some other package deals that was offered. After smoking a couple, I must say was very impressed! If your looking for a med to full that delivers a long refreshing smoke. I would highly recommend. I have since ordered another 60 for my humidor. Nicely constructed cigars!"
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Good golf cigar,"A nice mild smoke, but a little weird in that the cigar is rectangular in shape."
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua Quadrum,"AB makes great cigars and this one will not disappoint you!! Great wrapper, smoke and flavors!!"
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,There is none better than,"There is none better than an Alex Bradley, especially at a great price."
Alec Bradley Tempus Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Product and service,"I'm satisfied with my choice, quality of the product, and next day delivery was a surprise."
Alec Bradley Texas Lancero,5 out of 5,Thee TEXAS BOSS,Very good giant cigar!!! And i love the price!!! I nicknamed this baby the BOSS OF ALL BOSSES... TASTE GREAT!!
Alec Bradley Texas Lancero,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great taste
Alec Bradley Texas Lancero,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Great choice for a premium cigar at a modest price.
Alec Bradley Texas Lancero,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley,Real smooth smoke and long lasting.
Alec Bradley Texas Lancero,5 out of 5,AB Lancero,Excellent cigar like all Alec Bradley Cigars
Alec Bradley Texas Lancero,5 out of 5,Love it!,One of my favs!!! Big cigar for a big alpha male!!!
Alec Bradley Texas Lancero,5 out of 5,Absolutely Love this Cigar,Complex and subtle flavors are arainged in this cigar. Force yourself to step off the rat wheel and enjoy this Cigar with a rye adult beverage. Flavor will burst on your palet. Hope this helps.
Alec Bradley Texas Lancero,5 out of 5,Big Stick with Great Taste!,"I'm smoking a Texas Lancero now as I write this review. Keep in mind I just got my five back in and this first stick has only been in my humidor for a day. I'll let the other sit for a while. I am very impressed. I did not expect the depth of flavor that I'm getting from the cigar. The draw is perfect and the burn is slow. I love the natural sweetness of the tobacco as well as the hint of pepper without being overwhelming. If you want to run with the big dogs and can handle a big stick, then I highly recommend the a AB Texas Lancero!"
Alec Bradley Texas Lancero,5 out of 5,All about the CI magazine,Great selection and service. I had to order the Texas Lancero just to have it in my collection. Can't wait for the CI magazine to come every month so I can plan my next order.
Alec Bradley Texas Lancero,5 out of 5,Big Cigar,"Very good smoke, right size for visit to casino, not to strong or to mild. Would purchase again."
Alec Bradley Texas Lancero,4 out of 5,Football Game,Light it a kickoff and smoke it until the game is over.
Alec Bradley Texas Lancero,2 out of 5,Texan Like A Pumpjack,"As a Texan, Alec Bradley fan and owner of several big trucks I can only say this cigar tastes like diesel. In the best possible way, but after several tastes with different lighting methods and full smokes; I am overwhelmed by the taste of fuel."
Alec Bradley Texas Lancero,5 out of 5,An awesome smoke!,"this is a great cigar from beginning to end, also it doesn't loose it's smooth taste all the way or how it burns. It took me almost 2 hours to kick back, relax and enjoy a awesome smoke"
Alec Bradley Texas Lancero,5 out of 5,every thing is big inTexas!,"There are better smokes inAB line of smokes,but this is a good smoke.Be ready too spend an evening when lighting this one up."
Alec Bradley Texas Lancero,3 out of 5,taste was fair. like the,taste was fair. like the ring size. a bit of a harsh finish. but overall a good cigar
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,"very good medium cigar, very","very good medium cigar, very consistent"
Alec Bradley The Lineage,4 out of 5,"Great smoke, easy flavor, great","Great smoke, easy flavor, great with coffee and good friends."
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,My ideal golf smoke!,"Nice size, ideal for a round of golf. Excellent taste and burn. Paper gets a little dry at times."
Alec Bradley The Lineage,4 out of 5,Smooth and well flavored.,Smooth and well flavored.
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley Gordp,Again...a really nice smooth smoke
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,Great 'gar. Great flavor. Great draw.,This is a cigar to savor. It matches smooth and mellow with great flavor.
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Loved every minute of this smoke
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,Delicious Cigars,"good quality, nice and delicious cigars. thanks."
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,A true cigar...,"This guy is one of the better cigars I've had in a while! It has a medium to full bodied flavor from beginning to end. I enjoy it so much, I've added it to me list of regular smokes."
Alec Bradley The Lineage,4 out of 5,Another hit from AB,"AB is one of my fav brands, and the Lineage is another hit. Great construction, perfect draw, even burn.
This a really good medium strength stick. Smooth, with gobs of creamy smoke and a nice taste, not to much pepper. It’s a 90 degree afternoon in S.E. Pa. and this cigar works well with a nice cold Troegs Sunshine Pilsner. Get one and enjoy ! ( get a bottle of Sunshine too if you can ) Prost !"
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,Fav,Fav
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,Nice Smoke,"Bought these as a sampler. They are really nice. Good flavor, easy draw right down to the fingers. Alec Bradley's are a little pricey for me, but any time I can get them in a promo or sampler, I jump right on them!"
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley Lineage,Great smoke! I'm never disappointed when I buy this stick!
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth Cigar. Great smoke.
Alec Bradley The Lineage,4 out of 5,They are very good,They are very good
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,Lineage,"For me, I find this to be a very good blend. Medium grade, very smooth."
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,great smoke,great smoke
Alec Bradley The Lineage,4 out of 5,Alec Bradley,Very good smoke
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,They were very good and,They were very good and long lasting
Alec Bradley The Lineage,4 out of 5,Ok little strong for me,Ok little strong for me
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,Good Smoke,"The pack I received was well cared for and offered an enjoyable, pleasant smoke."
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,great for special occasions,great smoke
Alec Bradley The Lineage,4 out of 5,Quality Smoke,It’s a great cigar for the price with a good draw
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley The Lineage Gordo,Great cigars
Alec Bradley The Lineage,4 out of 5,Gordo a go-go,"Salmagundi, ordered on Monday, Shipped on Tuesday, Arrived on Wednesday, Enjoyed on Thursday, Again on Friday, Reviewed on Saturday, Relaxed on Sunday and that is end of Salmagundi."
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,I enjoyed these cigars. Good,I enjoyed these cigars. Good flavor and well constructed. One of the five seemed to have a tight draw but over all a good cigar. Will buy again
Alec Bradley The Lineage,4 out of 5,Burn,must relite often.
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,Fantastic Smoke,Smooth and enjoyable from light up to the last toke.
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,nice and smooth,nice and smooth
Alec Bradley The Lineage,3 out of 5,alec Bradley lineage,"A little to strong for me , I like a milder cigar"
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,I took a chance on the offered special. I must admit I was beyond surprised with the quality and the enjoyment these cigars afforded me. They are definitely contenders and I will order a bundle next time.
Alec Bradley The Lineage,4 out of 5,cigars were good. nice draw!,cigars were good. nice draw! very fresh
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,"Quality cigar, quality service..","Quality cigar, quality service.."
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,A Must purchase,"Slow even burn
Robust
Smooth taste"
Alec Bradley The Lineage,4 out of 5,"One flaw, one time - then Excellent!","I got a five pack of these when I decided to try out several cigars I had never tried. I had the Prensada before and was impressed, so I decided to try the Legend. Unfortunately the first one was slightly plugged and was a disappointing smoke through the first half of the cigar. But the next two were wonderful, and I don't mean just he draw. I am thinking I just got unlucky as these are wonderfully flavored cigars. A nice full mouth feeling, as should be expected from a good large rind gauge. Flavor was quite consistent and I smoked it all the way to the nub since it was so good."
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Alec Bradley The Lineage,4 out of 5,Good Cigar,Good flavor
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,Love this stick,Love this stick
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,Great for the price.,"Good draw and build. Long lasting, lots of smoke and taste. Great value, would buy again."
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,Alec bradley,"Very smooth on initial light, draw easy throughout, easy to keep lite, one of the best,"
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,The Lineage,Great cigar-great flavor all the way to the end. Very consistent.
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,Great Cigar!,Excellent flavor. Nicely wrapped with a good draw. Great smoke. Definitely in the 90+ for a reason.
Alec Bradley The Lineage,3 out of 5,Tough draw,Disappointed with this. cigar. Tough draw and a little too harsh for my expectations.
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,One of my favorites,"I’ve bought a few boxes of different Alec Bradley’s over the past few years. (And btw CI consistently has one of the best prices). AB has better cigars by ratings, but this is one of the smoothest, most enjoyable, consistent choices of their excellent line."
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,Enjoyed it. Slow burning,Enjoyed it. Slow burning
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,The Linage,Excellent taste and smooth!
Alec Bradley The Lineage,4 out of 5,an excellent smoke,an excellent smoke
Alec Bradley The Lineage,4 out of 5,"Nice,smooth, leathery taste","Nice,smooth, leathery taste"
Alec Bradley The Lineage,3 out of 5,Ok,flavor profile is sort of bland to me. But i dont think that this cigar was bad by any means. Just wouldn’t be jumping to smoke one again.
Alec Bradley The Lineage,5 out of 5,A little disapointed. I got,A little disapointed. I got them in a sampler pack and didnt pay attention to the ring size. They were no more than brown cigarettes. I had purchased boxes of them before but bigger ring size. My bag.
Alec Bradley V2L Black,4 out of 5,Great smoke,"Always draws well, consistent burn and flavor."
Alec Bradley V2L Black,4 out of 5,Good cigar,The entire Alec Bradley line is full of surprises. This cigar also had great workmanship and was full of flavor.
Alec Bradley V2L Black,5 out of 5,V2L Black - Alec Bradley,it's a great smoke! I've ordered them before and will again!
Alec Bradley V2L Black,5 out of 5,V2L Black Gordo,Great smoking cigar...my go to stick.
Alec Bradley V2L Black,3 out of 5,In A Pinch,Not bad. Draw not consistent
Alec Bradley V2L Black,3 out of 5,Not bad,Not his best. Have to re touch a few times. Overall ok for the price
Alec Bradley V2L Black,5 out of 5,Fabulous,Best cigar in my humidor. Tight. Nice smoke line. Flavor is great
Alec Bradley V2L Black,4 out of 5,Awesome buy,If there was a separate rating for “value” cigars this would be a 6 star cigar. Awesome smoke for the price
Alec Bradley V2L Black,4 out of 5,V2L black robusto,"Great smoke....good,even burn ...not a bad stick in the bundle."
Alec Bradley V2L Black,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,Perfect draw incredible flavor
Alec Bradley V2L Black,4 out of 5,A-Bradley V2L,"Alec Bradley V2L is a magnificent smoke from start to finish. It starts out spicy and carries it throughout for a very satisfying strong - medium smoke. The 6.5×60 smoked slow and even throughout, very enjoyable!"
Alec Bradley V2L Black,5 out of 5,very good smoke,Very well made. I would recommend this Alec Bradley.
Alec Bradley V2L Black,5 out of 5,Must have more!!!,These are a permanent fixture in the humidor!!!
Alec Bradley V2L Black,4 out of 5,great desert cigar,Fairly mild. Smooth draw and relaxing smoke
Alec Bradley V2L Black,4 out of 5,Not bad at all!,"Nice cigar with a flavor that’s more robust than I usually enjoy, but something about these makes them quite a good little smoke for those times I don’t have a lot of time."
Alec Bradley V2L Black,5 out of 5,Very nice...,"Surprisingly good, deep flavor. A very nice smoke medium body very nice finish. I'm buying more of these!"
Alec Bradley V2L Black,5 out of 5,Try them,"Thanks c.i for the fast delivery. Got my sticks on time . And couldn't wait to lite it up. Great flyover from start to finish,even burn. Ash didn't stay on as long as I like.,not over powerful ,but consistent flavor all the way down to nub. Didn't even get hot.. so go try them for the price. Thanks C.I"
Alec Bradley V2L Black,5 out of 5,A GREAT Cigar!,"I have ordered these before, and again, did not disappoint! I thoroughly enjoy having one of these after coming home from work. And the price is awesome!"
Alec Bradley V2L Black,4 out of 5,Keeps Promise,Consistent burn. Full of flavor. Will not disappoint
Alec Bradley V2L Black,5 out of 5,vg,Very good smoke
Alec Bradley V2L Black,5 out of 5,Really like these!,"These are a nice long smoke, maybe two hours just puffing on them. They have a nice consistant flavor throughout, not bitter or harsh. These will be a regular in my humidor!"
Alec Bradley V2L Black,4 out of 5,Nice Relaxing Smoke,Is full of Favor
Alec Bradley V2L Black,5 out of 5,V2L experience,"I’m not big on writing reviews, so the short and sweet of it is, essentially the V2L delivers as promised. A full flavored bundle of deliciousness will tantalize your tastebuds from light to finish. Buy it. Smoke it. Claim the day."
Alec Bradley V2L Black,4 out of 5,Can't go wrong with Alec Bradley,"Medium to full cigar, great taste, long even burn. For the price can't ask for better."
Alec Bradley V2L Black,4 out of 5,Ok for price,Ok for price
Alec Bradley V2L Black,4 out of 5,V2l,Good everyday cigar and a good price
Alec Bradley V2L Black,5 out of 5,Great Cigar!,"I received these yesterday, so naturally I had to try one out right away. Let me tell you, I was not disappointed.Great taste to go with an even burn! Can't wait to see how they are after they've been in my humidor for a while! I would most definitely buy these again."
Alec Bradley V2L Black,5 out of 5,Liked the Bradley line thought,Liked the Bradley line thought I would give them a try. I was not disappointed
Alec Bradley White Gold,5 out of 5,Never smoked any,"I have a friend that loves these cigars so i buy a 2 boxes a year for him for his birthday and Christmas. I Am not a cheapskate. I bought him 20 edges once and he didn’t like them he wanted these. So my pal is about what he actually likes, not what a cigar costs."
Alec Bradley White Gold,4 out of 5,"Just a good, mild cigar.","I like a mild cigar and I like the flavor of the Alec Bradley White Gold ones. The burn well and don't get ""hot"" toward the end. So, I get to enjoy them all the way to the end."
Alec Bradley White Gold,4 out of 5,Nice mild smoke,Nice mild smoke
Alec Bradley White Gold,5 out of 5,Great mellow cigar,Great mellow cigar
Alec Bradley White Gold,4 out of 5,Pretty good stick.,"Pretty good cigar. Burns well, even and stays lit. Good taste, i will be buying these again. The would make a good everyday stick."
Alec Bradley White Gold,5 out of 5,Mild and tasty,I started with a 5!pack and liked them so decided to grab a box. Nice everyday Affordable smoke from a great product line.
Alec Bradley White Gold,3 out of 5,"Alec, Alec, Alec you eventually won me over on this one!","I know Alec, like Alec's Black Market, Prensado, American Sun Grown, and Tempus (but not lets focus on Tempus), these are all amazing cigars. Prensado has a permanent spot in my humidor. But Alec you kind threw me curve ball with White Gold, with your track record i bought a whole box of these, and upon my first cigar, immediately regretted my purchase. But a solid 7 or so in these grew on me, and now i quite like them. It is a great warm up cigar, light on flavour, but very well constructed. If you can get these a good price then i would recommend."
Alec Bradley White Gold,5 out of 5,Good daily smoke,"Awesome mild smoke for the price. Hand them out when golfing every week due to the cost.
Usually a consistent burn."
Alec Bradley White Gold,5 out of 5,White gold,Great little cigar for the price put it down in the ashtray it will stay lit quite some time great Ash
Alec Bradley White Gold,4 out of 5,Not too bad,Good knock-about smoke. The Puck is good too. Only complaint- you were out of General Grants!
Alec Bradley White Gold,4 out of 5,White Gold,were at a great price...
Alec Bradley White Gold,3 out of 5,"Over all a good ""everyday"" smoke","Over all a mild flavored cigar, but was a little drier than I like."
Alec Bradley White Gold,4 out of 5,Pleasant mild cigar with a,Pleasant mild cigar with a good draw and taste.
Alec Bradley White Gold,4 out of 5,Everyday stick,"Solid stick with an agreeable taste. Burns for about 45 minutes. Smells of hay and grass, also subtlety sweet. The wrap attractive and is nicely done, comparable to the wrap on some $6-$10 sticks. The taste starts off bland and just tastes like a cheap mild cigar. It must be noted that the construction under the wrapper is about what you would expect for this price range. You will get canoeing and runs, After smoking quite a few I have noticed evenly lighting these cigars are more important than usual. As you hit the .5"" mark you start to get the mild creamy notes. These slightly sweet creamy notes are lost in the last two inches. Replaced by earthy leathery notes. Things can get bitter if puffed too quickly. In conclusion, the mixed filler comprised of nice aged tobaccos paired with an visually appealing wrapper make for an great value everyday smoke. I really enjoy these cigars and recommend them."
Alec Bradley White Gold,4 out of 5,Good,"I bought the box of 20. A few were loose, some didn’t hold an ash well , some burned somewhat even. But I have to say they are an all around good stick for the price."
Alec Bradley White Gold,4 out of 5,Its a mild smoke and,Its a mild smoke and the price is great
Alec Bradley White Gold,5 out of 5,White Gold,"Excellent price, perfect size with a nice mellow body. Definitely purchase again."
Alec Bradley White Gold,5 out of 5,Perfect budget/daily stick!,"This cigar is fantastic for the price! At around $2-$2.50 a stick you can’t beat it. If you like smooth, creamy, and inexpensive, buy a box now! I’ve shared these with friends and family and everyone loves them! They burn a little faster than a more expensive stick but are still Alec Bradley quality. I can’t understand any review less than 5 stars considering the price... delicious a new go to for me!"
Alec Bradley White Gold,5 out of 5,Great deal. Great smoke,Great deal. Great smoke
Alec Bradley White Gold,4 out of 5,Great smoke,a great everyday smoke
Alec Bradley White Gold,3 out of 5,"Morning smoke, a little inconsistent","Morning smoke, a little inconsistent burn. But not that bad."
Alec Bradley White Gold,5 out of 5,Alec Bradley White gold cigars,I love the cigar it’s awesome and has smooth and mellow nuances of cream toast and gentle spices it burns very well and a very enjoyable cigar
Alec Bradley White Gold,5 out of 5,Mellow to the end,Just received these near perfect roll golden brown silky smooth wrapper great looking box and bands punched it and got a near perfect drae probably the mellowest and smoothest cigar I've smoked so far not very complex but tasty and leaves a wonderfull white pepper tast great for a newbie or or if you just want a mellow smoke. Thanks CI.
Alec Bradley White Gold,5 out of 5,Yummy,Yummy
Alec Bradley White Gold,5 out of 5,a box of cigars,This was for my brother in law for his birthday. I love the deals on Joe Cigar and so did he!!
Alec Bradley White Gold,5 out of 5,some burn uneven but like,some burn uneven but like the flavor
Alec Bradley White Gold,4 out of 5,Smooth burn and smoke,Second time I have ordered these. Nice smooth enjoyable smoke.
Alec Bradley White Gold,3 out of 5,Mild Gold!,Nice mild cigar!
Alec Bradley White Gold,3 out of 5,"Ok, not too bad",Better than expected to be honest. Not a bad everyday stick. Good value.
Alec Bradley White Gold,3 out of 5,Not packed real tight. A,Not packed real tight. A little to chewy . Hard to keep lit. Great taste
Alec Bradley White Gold,3 out of 5,average,average
Alec Bradley White Gold,3 out of 5,Alex Bradley White Gold Toro,"These cigars rolled to lose, hard to kept lit."
Alec Bradley White Gold,5 out of 5,My friend loves them,My friend loves them
Alec Bradley White Gold,3 out of 5,Alec Bradley White Golf Churchill,"Alec Bradley is my personal choice for a mild ,good cigar. Normally the White
Gold is a perfect fit for my taste but for some reason the outer wrapper leaf
on the last two orders of this cigar start to peel off as soon as you unwrap
them making for a not so nice cigar that doesn't taste that great and doesn't
want to stay lit."
Alec Bradley White Gold,4 out of 5,Inexpensive mild smoke with an,"Inexpensive mild smoke with an easy draw, burns evenly and stays lit during your smoke."
Alec Bradley White Gold,5 out of 5,Great.,Worth every penny!!
Alec Bradley White Gold,4 out of 5,Good cigar!,Surprisingly good cigar for the price. Would purchase again.
Alec Bradley White Gold,5 out of 5,Great smoke for the price,Great smoke for the price
Alec Bradley White Gold,5 out of 5,Best cigar,Best cigarUnfortunately I cannot get the mistakes cigar these are more expensive but just as good
Alec Bradley White Gold,4 out of 5,Great everyday smoke,"A sleeper hit. Get some now before everyone figures out how good these are. Good,even draw, and a nice, smooth taste. A really good every day smoke, or something to fire up with mowing the lawn and doing chores. Not overly aggressive in it's presence, but a nice cigar to get you through the day."
Alec Bradley White Gold,3 out of 5,Good medium smoke a little,Good medium smoke a little too spicy on the back end.
Alec Bradley White Gold,3 out of 5,Not bad,bit of an after taste. Nice and mellow
Alec Bradley White Gold,4 out of 5,"Light flavor, even pull. Sometimes","Light flavor, even pull. Sometimes one of the edges will burn slower than the rest of the cigar. When I got them they seemed as though I was drawing a lot of air. After a few day in a humidor they began to draw better."
Alec Bradley White Gold,5 out of 5,Henry,These cigars are one of the smoothest cigars and nice even draw you will get for the price! Great taste with a scotch or Irish Whiskey.
Alec Bradley White Gold,5 out of 5,Creamellow!,"Great smoke!
I bought these just because they were on special for what amounted to about 1.22 a cigar even after shipping.
In my mind I was thinking even if they are terrible I’ve spent 25 bucks on worse.
For a mild cigar these cigars pack a nice creamy mellow flavor. Perfect for a morning stick or hot afternoon when a full body (at least to me) is not very enjoyable.
I will buy these again!"
Alec Bradley White Gold,5 out of 5,Nice!!!!,"Great cigar for the money! For a cigar smoker who averages 1 per week, it’s perfect. This cigar does not apply to the phrase, “You get what you paid for”."
Alec Bradley White Gold,5 out of 5,Nice!!!!,"Great cigar for the money! For a cigar smoker who averages 1 per week, it’s perfect. This cigar does not apply to the phrase, “You get what you paid for”."
Alec Bradley White Gold,5 out of 5,Alec White Gold,I only smoke on the golf course & I really like a mild cigar with a smooth taste & arromma.
Alec Bradley White Gold,5 out of 5,Very good cigar,Very good cigar
Alec Bradley White Gold,4 out of 5,Great smoke,The only thing negative about them is that they don't always burn evenly. Otherwise a perfect smooth cigar for a great price
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Good aroma/ and price,Good aroma/ and price
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Very good for a quick,"Very good for a quick smoke, very mild"
Alta Gracia,3 out of 5,My husband like irish cream,My husband like irish cream but not his favorite only time he gets irish creme when his favorites or sold out
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,great service will always buy,great service will always buy from here
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Great every day smokes,"I purchased these as everyday smokers and they did not disappoint. One with your morning coffee to start your day right, or a quickie with a glass of your favorite whiskey after work. Great price as well"
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Good taste. Great value.,Good taste. Great value.
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Nice Little Cigar,"I like these cigarillos. They burn well, have a good taste and are economical. Only drawback is they can burn a little bit hot towards the end."
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Alta Gracia,"Not a bad tasting smoke, just way to thin and your lucky if it last five minutes."
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Best cigarrilos ever,"I keep mine in a humidor, with a shot of blade and bow whiskey to add flavor. Leave in for 48 hrs good times ahead. These are usually good up to 55 mph with no windshield."
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Love em,"Nice size, great taste. Nice 10 min cigar."
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Irish Whiskey Maduros and Cigarillos 👍🏼👍🏼,"I really like the Irish Whiskey Maduros and Cigarillos. They taste good, burn well, are not bound too tightly and priced well. However, the tip does get a little bit hot towards the end. Overall, these are one of my favorite."
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Smooth and mild. Burns clean,Smooth and mild. Burns clean and draws easily.
Alta Gracia,4 out of 5,I LIKE EM,JUST THE RIGHT SIZE FOR A MORNING CIGAR WITH MY COFFEE
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Buy more!,"Perfect blend of smoothies. Good taste.
Trust me you’ll not regret will buy more!"
Alta Gracia,4 out of 5,ok,ok
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Great,Great. Loved the flavor
Alta Gracia,4 out of 5,Great for the price,"A little strong at first but smooth, and good with a drink."
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Great Buy,"Very smooth, and high quality."
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Back for more!!!,I love these!!!!... I keep coming back for more. Great flavor and great price!!
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Awesome little smokes!!!,Yes!!!!!! These are perfect little bundles of joy when I don't have the time to smoke bigger cigars. Love them!!!
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,quality,Very good!
Alta Gracia,4 out of 5,Alta Gracia Natural,A nice quick cigar for the money. I'll buy them again.
Alta Gracia,4 out of 5,nice little cigars,For a quick 10 minute smoke you can't go wrong with these. They do tend to unravel towards the end.
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Tasty high quality satisfaction,Tasty high quality satisfaction
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Great quick smoke,An excellent flavorful quick smoke !
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Maduro whiskey,"Cant wait to try the rest, if they ever get back in stock. I'll definitely be watching out for them"
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Great,Great ordered more
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Great lil smoke,This is a great little smoke if your in your chair or step out of work for a smoke. Thumbs up.
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Got 10 Minutes,"For a quick smoke that gives a ""kick"" try these."
Alta Gracia,4 out of 5,alta gracia cigars,Great quick smoke during winter months when you cant be outside in the cold enjoying a 50 ring
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Cigarrelos,Great tasting no bite small cigar.
Alta Gracia,4 out of 5,Good,Good
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Muy bien,Muy bien
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Great smooth smoke,"Light, smooth taste. No complaints about heavy cigar smoke, can smoke this in the car without car smelling like an ashtray afterwards."
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke low price
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Short Smoke,"Looking for a cigar for the evening but dont have the time, or maybe dont want to get too tipsy? Good, short smoke."
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Good for price,A lot better than I expected for the price it’s a good buy
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Short smokes,These are nice short smokes.
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Wow that was a surprise.,These are really quite the surprise. I was not expecting the quality of these. Each one is just as good as the first one. They are a great daily smoke. I will be buying more of these. I want to try each one.
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Great flavor for a 10 minute smoke,This was my first purchase of this cigarillo and I've enjoyed the flavor it provides. Not as sweet as the Irish Whiskey cigarillo also offered by Alta Gracia. A good smoke for the price.
Alta Gracia,4 out of 5,"Boom, Pow, Bam!!!",Great smoke for a quick Cigar fix. Smooth & rich in flavor. Doesn't take u away from the feel of smoking a traditional stick but dam well worth the money. I'm buying again & I'm telling my friends...
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Great with my morning coffee,"I like these little guys. Yes, they get warmer in the 2nd third. Burn is even with an easy draw. Goes great with my morning coffee."
Alta Gracia,4 out of 5,Satisfying,Good flavor and use for a quick cigar smoke before or during work. Taste is good and the shipping in the wood box is unique.
Alta Gracia,4 out of 5,smoke have a good price,smoke have a good price
Alta Gracia,4 out of 5,Good tasting should be cheaper,Good tasting should be cheaper
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Wedding cigarellos,Perfect idea for a wedding; the last thing anyone wants is to start a 40 minute cigar and miss the festivities !
Alta Gracia,4 out of 5,Good small cigar,"Not the best cigar in the world, but that shouldnt be the expectation. A good small cigar, good short smoke at a good price"
Alta Gracia,5 out of 5,Exactly what I expected. Great,Exactly what I expected. Great when you don’t have a lot of time.
Alta Gracia,3 out of 5,Cute and mellow,Very mellow need to be a bit stronger
Amati,4 out of 5,amati tor,easy draw smooth good buy for the price liked it so much ordered the churchill size
Amati,3 out of 5,Good buy,"Nice smoke, Even burn, long ash"
Amati,3 out of 5,"Not bad, pretty good for","Not bad, pretty good for the price , mild, a little sweet for me"
Amati,4 out of 5,Worth it.,Inexpensive but quality. Went thru 2 boxes in a month. Mild and mellow.
Amati,5 out of 5,A surprise hit,"I took a chance on this one, originally purchased for the price to be a cigar to smoke when I was busy. From the very first draw I was hooked. A sweet tip and a flavorful smoke, smooth, enjoyable, worth every penny."
Amati,5 out of 5,An easy smoke at a great price,A mild smoke. One of my favorites
Amati,5 out of 5,rek,not bad not bad at all
Amati,3 out of 5,Good burn,Good burn
Amati,5 out of 5,Smooth and Mellow,This cigar is one of the best at a very reasonable price. It's smooth and even burning with a great taste comparing to the more expensive cigars. Don't miss out you wont be sorry!!!
Amati,5 out of 5,Don’t know what this means,Very good cigar
Amati,4 out of 5,Martin P,Good cigar
Amati,4 out of 5,Check this out,This is a very good cigar
Amati,5 out of 5,Amata,Very good
Amati,5 out of 5,A very good cigar. Good,A very good cigar. Good tasting cigar.
Amati,5 out of 5,These cigars are terrific! They,These cigars are terrific! They are wrapped great and the ash stays on for a minimum two inches! There is not a harsh bite but are a smooth draw.For a $2.00 cigar you can't ask for anything more.
Amati,3 out of 5,Good inexpensive smoke,"I like the slow burn with this cigar. Makes the enjoyment last longer, although the finish can warm up a bit."
Amati,5 out of 5,Ama to Churchill,"I bought several bricks recently. Great cigar for the price. Good burning, great taste, I highly recommend this cigar."
Amati,3 out of 5,Mild to medium has smooth draw,Has a good draw and burns as good as some of the higher priced cigars
Amati,3 out of 5,An average cigar,Just an average cigar. But priced right.
Amati,5 out of 5,Fine affordable cigar,"Doesn't cost an arm & a leg and delivers smooth smoke all the way down to the end. Plan on buying more. Oh, any my friends love 'em, too!"
Amati,3 out of 5,Amati,Seemed a bit dry and a bit difficult to draw in
Amati,5 out of 5,Nice and mild,Nice and mild
Amati,4 out of 5,Well made,Nice morning smoke with coffee
Amati,5 out of 5,Excellent,Best kept secret!
Amati,5 out of 5,Great smoke for a great price,"I've smoked cigars that cost over five times as much yet weren't half as good. These are great in all ways, they burn even, draw easy, and taste wonderful. I'll be back for more"
Amati,4 out of 5,Smooth,smooth
Amati,4 out of 5,"packed nicely, long filler, holds","packed nicely, long filler, holds the ash well, even burning"
Amati,5 out of 5,great smoke for the money,great smoke for the money
Amati,4 out of 5,Smooth with a slow burn,Smooth with a slow burn goes well with a glass of Evan Williams
Amati,3 out of 5,Amati,"Nice everyday cigar. Good price, average smoke."
Amati,4 out of 5,Amati Toro,"For me it is a very good cigar. I normally smoke Quorum, but tried your offer on this brand. I would change if they are continued in your selections."
Amati,4 out of 5,"cost increase is too much,","cost increase is too much, otherwise a good smoke"
Amati,5 out of 5,Great every day stick,Best Robusto Connectitcut on the market. Always a consisten draw.
Amati,5 out of 5,What a deal,A very good everyday stick. Very pleasant smoke. So pleased with this choice.
Amati,3 out of 5,Amati Toro,"Average smoke, but good for the price"
Amati,5 out of 5,great smoke,can't beat it for the money
Amati,5 out of 5,Great deal!,Good deal on cigars and very quick delivery.
Amati,4 out of 5,Good everyday stick,Enjoying these everyday cigars. Good flavour.
Amati,5 out of 5,Great Value,"Bought this on an auction. Only regret, I didn't get two boxes. Great cigar."
Amati,5 out of 5,Great anytime cigar,One of the best inexpensive cigars ive had. Great for hanging out in the garage or working in the yard and sharing with friends. Discovered these in a sampler i got and decided to try a box. So far i havnt had a problem with any of them.
Amati,3 out of 5,Amati,Quality lacking. Seams to be the norm the last few years.
Amati,4 out of 5,my review;,just a cigar..not much to say about this one
Amati,4 out of 5,Very good,Very good
Amati,3 out of 5,Fair to midland,Well.....they do burn....So that's good
Amati,5 out of 5,Very Nice Affordable Churchill,This is a favorite of mine... I've only just bought for the first time the churchill style of this cigar. It is very enjoyable and a great time to smoke.
Amati,3 out of 5,Amati Churchills,Were good for the money.
Amati,4 out of 5,Very good quality for the,"Very good quality for the price. I am looking for a Macanudo Cafe alternative that is mild, has a real Connecticut shade wrapper, and is at an affordable price. Amati Churchill gives me all three."
Amati,4 out of 5,Pretty Decent,"I was surprised by this budget-friendly cigar. It’s a pretty decent smoke. I did have to correct a couple times, but that happens with even some more expensive cigars as well. It definitely has a great, rich taste that lasts throughout the entire stick. I am glad I purchased these and won’t hesitate to get them in the future."
Amati,3 out of 5,Not a bad stick,Not my favorite. Wish my C'est La Vie favs weren't always on back order the last several times I have ordered.
Amati,4 out of 5,Amati,Consistent smooth draw. Great backyard smoke. Cannot beat this Gar for inexpensive and mild combination!
Archetype Dreamstate,5 out of 5,Great!,"Very nice well rounded smooth smoke. Draw was nice and easy, great smoke for a relaxing evening with your boys."
Archetype Sage Advice,3 out of 5,"So, So","So,So. Not impressed for the price. Easy draw, smooth and mild but not full or bold as I would have expected. Would be a good cigar to pass to a newbie."
Arganese Connecticut,4 out of 5,Its a nice light favor,Its a nice light favor cigar
Arganese Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Great Cigar
Arganese Connecticut,4 out of 5,Nice Connecticut,"I recieved a Connecticut Churchill in a sampler. It is the perfect summer cigar. Smooth,creamy, easy draw and great retrohale. To me I would call it a medium body with a mild building black pepper undertone. Nice."
Arganese Connecticut,4 out of 5,A nice cigar,A nice cigar
Arganese Connecticut,5 out of 5,Arganese,very good smoke for the price.
Arganese Connecticut,4 out of 5,Have enjoyed the cigars- as,Have enjoyed the cigars- as a beginner I think I may have chosen a inferior cutter due to more smashing than a good cut - although it is a good learning experience and how important a good cut means- all together the cigar has fulfilled my expectations with flavors- even with my bad draws!!
Arganese Connecticut,4 out of 5,Very smooth,Very smooth
Arganese Connecticut,5 out of 5,Good Cigar for the Money,"Good, everyday cigar that's not too mild"
Arganese Connecticut,3 out of 5,Joe L,Best deal ci! Stocked up enjoy these very much
Arganese Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good cigar at a fair,Good cigar at a fair price.
Arganese Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good mild cigar,Good mild cigar
Arganese Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great everyday,This is a great everyday cigar
Arganese Connecticut,4 out of 5,They were quite nice. A,"They were quite nice. A couple burned a little uneven for a short time, but a very nice smoke!"
Arganese Connecticut,4 out of 5,Mr.Piety,Find me a better cigar at this price and I'll buy it
Arganese Connecticut,4 out of 5,Argonese,Very good inexpensive cigar.
Arganese Connecticut,4 out of 5,Best Buy,Consistently good for an everyday smoke and can’t beat the price.
Arganese Connecticut,3 out of 5,OK Cigars,These typically burn well. Fairly consistent flavor. Occasional unsavory stems to deal with inside.
Arganese Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Nice setting my porch in the evening with a glass of crown
Arganese Connecticut,4 out of 5,Mild to medium good smoke,Well made and a buy for the money
Arganese Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"mellow and mild, great burning smoke and fantastic taste"
Arganese Connecticut,3 out of 5,For the money there a,For the money there a good cigar not bad
Arganese Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great cigars,Have bought these in the past and will continue to do so. They are mild and great body at a ridiculous price.
Arganese Connecticut,3 out of 5,Good for the price,"Decent smoke not a lot of flavor, but good as the second cigar. Good price."
Arganese Connecticut,4 out of 5,Arganese Connecticut -,Smooth mild smoke. Good flavor at a great price.
Arganese Connecticut,4 out of 5,Great cigar for the price,Great cigar for the price
Arganese Connecticut,3 out of 5,good stogy,"for the price these cigars have a mild to medium intensity, volumes of smoke, easy draw, even burn, taste is good will buy again. I smokem down to the label."
Arganese Connecticut,5 out of 5,Argenese any size,Best value cigar around
Arganese Connecticut,5 out of 5,Phenomenal.,Phenomenal.
Arganese Connecticut,3 out of 5,Smooth Cigars,"This is the best everyday cigar I have found. They light even, smoke smooth with a good taste. One of the better cigars in their price range."
Arganese Connecticut,4 out of 5,The rapper would split on,The rapper would split on a couple of them
Arganese Connecticut,5 out of 5,Argenese Ct. Churchill,Absolutely perfect golf course cigar. Great construction and flavor but more importantly you can leave it in cart and when you get back it is still burning.
Arganese Connecticut,4 out of 5,Smooth & Mild,This easy smoking stick is even more impressive when you consider the price. Nice burn.
Arganese Connecticut,5 out of 5,Arganese,Very good smoke. Well built and burns great.
Arganese Connecticut,4 out of 5,Great every day cigar.,Smooth even draw. Plenty of smoke. A pleasure to the end.
Arganese Connecticut,5 out of 5,"Smooth, well built, creamy Favorite of mine","One of my favorite mild cigars. but rich, very smoky, super smooth, consistent good draw and construction. If you like the Drew Estate Undercrown Shade sticks,(my top Ecuador/Connect wrapped blondie) this is close and much more affordable. I ALWAYS keep these in my Thermador !"
Arganese Connecticut,5 out of 5,argonne review,A very good inexpensive cigar. Mild and reasonably even burning. Worth a try.
Arganese Connecticut,4 out of 5,Very good for the price.,Very good for the price.
Arganese Connecticut,5 out of 5,Excellent!!,Excellent!!
Arganese Connecticut,5 out of 5,Arganese,"Easy draw, even burn, smooth taste. Good value."
Arganese Connecticut,3 out of 5,Not that empressd,Not that empressd
Arganese Connecticut,5 out of 5,Best every afternoon cigar!!!,Best every afternoon cigar!!!
Arganese Connecticut,4 out of 5,Arganese,Overall good smoke. Decent flavor. Occasionally a little burn problem. Not a deal breaker. I like them. Have smoked them before. Will do it again. These and Brocatus are my go-to.
Arganese Connecticut,5 out of 5,Argeese churchill,Good basic smoke. Well made and tasty
Arganese Connecticut,3 out of 5,Yep,Not too shabby!
Arganese Connecticut,4 out of 5,Tasty,Nice smoke for the money.
Arganese Connecticut,4 out of 5,Decent stick for the money,Burns well and even throughout. Worth the money
Arganese Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good mellow and long burning,Good mellow and long burning
Arganese Connecticut,2 out of 5,Had to throw couple out,Had to throw couple out wouldn't burn. Tobacco loose would not buy again.
Arganese Connecticut,5 out of 5,Very Good Cigar,This is a very enjoyable cigar that burns well. I will order them again
Arganese Connecticut,4 out of 5,"Very good, smooth, well constructed, smoky, mild daily at a great price. I always keep some around","Good daily smoker for the price. Well constructed, 9/10 burned consistently, mellow and mild as a connect/wrapper should be. Good draw on every stick and I smoked 15 of them. Lots of full smoke every draw. Good creamy, smooth, toasty flavor. Not spicy or full bodied but that's not the intention of it. I'm buying another bundle today. One of my favorite inexpensive, mild sticks. Try it...you'll like it ! ! LOL. Or don't, less backorders for ME !"
Arganese Habano,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"Good smoke, not for the average smokers. I’m enjoying it and I will definitely buy it again!"
Arganese Habano,5 out of 5,Best cigar for the pricr,"Been smoking these for about 5 years. My number 1 go to cigar. Consistent perfect burn every time. Will take them over cohiba or most high price brands any day,"
Arganese Habano,4 out of 5,Not bad.,"Is it the best cigar ever? No.
Is it a tasty and satisfying stick for the money? Yes."
Arganese Habano,3 out of 5,good cigar for the price,good cigar for the price
Arganese Habano,4 out of 5,This is a good everyday,"This is a good everyday cigar, not top shelf, but with CI's special price and free shipping it is a great value."
Arganese Habano,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Great quick smoke... Full of flavor.
Arganese Habano,5 out of 5,Excellent!,Good deal! For good field and it is good feel and excellent Smoke.
Arganese Habano,3 out of 5,Not a bad every day,Not a bad every day cigar for the price
Arganese Habano,5 out of 5,Nice cigar,"I was looking for an inexpensive cigar for more of a daily every now and then smoker and this one fits the build. Nice draw, decent smoke and flavor."
Arganese Habano,4 out of 5,Arganese flavor,"This was a great inexpensive daily smoke..great burn, nice flavor."
Arganese Habano,5 out of 5,Good cigar,"Kinda surprised by this one, good even burn, nice cigar while fishing and drinking a beer, would definitely buy again. Nice medium body with no bitterness almost down to the nub. Better then some more expensive sticks I’ve had."
Arganese Habano,5 out of 5,Good Smoke,Good Smoke
Arganese Habano,4 out of 5,good smoke,good smoke
Arganese Habano,4 out of 5,Great smoke,"Great burn,"
Arganese Habano,4 out of 5,A good smooth smoke with,A good smooth smoke with an easy draw and satisfying billows of smoke.
Arganese Habano,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke for the price
Arganese Habano,5 out of 5,Delicious Cigars,"good quality, nice and delicious cigars. thanks."
Arganese Habano,5 out of 5,Great Budget Habano,This is my 2nd Arganese Habano Robusto both of which I got in CI samplers and I have to say both were surprisingly excellent! Great burn & draw and the flavor was outstanding! A fantastic cigar at 3x the price but for $2.50 each they're a steal!
Arganese Habano,4 out of 5,Arganese the well kept secret.,"The Arganese Habano Toro is a great cigar. It matches well with Negra Modelo beer. The cigar is very smooth, with a taste of leather and chocolate, it's a great experience."
Arganese Habano,5 out of 5,Smokie Treats,Very nice flavor combinations. Thanks for recommending these.
Arganese Habano,4 out of 5,A got to have cigar,"I bought them to give to friends and to save my good cigars. I smoked one and in the beginning it was hard to described the harsh taste, after a few minutes it was one of the best tasting cigars in my humidor. I've ordered them 3 times and will continue."
Arganese Habano,5 out of 5,Good medium-bodied daily treat,Nice daily smoke with medium body and medium intensity. Notes of nuts some dried fruit mix with a light pepper and wood flavors. Relatively easy 40 minute daily smoke.
Arganese Habano,4 out of 5,Smooth burn,Nice cigar med. strength not to strong good every day smoke
Arganese Habano,3 out of 5,Arganese cigars,"For the $ , this was worth the money , not a Cigar to give a friend . Perfect for a quiet smoke with a morning cup of coffee ."
Arganese Habano,3 out of 5,Good smoke,Everyday cigar. Affordable
Arganese Habano,5 out of 5,highly recommend it,highly recommend it
Arganese Habano,4 out of 5,Suprised,"I've smoked this Arganese before and took a chance with this one, only because the discription said Long Fillers. Not Blended."
Arganese Habano,4 out of 5,Good everyday stick,"Pretty smooth for the daily stick man at a good price, tasted good with an easy finish, only issue was a few of them the leaves started coming unwrapped"
Arganese Habano,4 out of 5,Good cheap smoke. I will,Good cheap smoke. I will buy these Everytime they are on sale.
Arganese Habano,5 out of 5,Nice,Great value
Arganese Habano,4 out of 5,better than average daily smoke,most were well built and smoked fine. no weird taste.
Arganese Habano,4 out of 5,cgars,good cigars for the prce.
Arganese Habano,5 out of 5,Good value,"Nice, tight wrap, even burning, easy and consistent draw. Good taste."
Arganese Habano,4 out of 5,Arganese Habano,"Can’t beat these cigars for an everyday cigars ,good volume of smoke and no bitter aftertaste. This was not my first time buying Arganese cigars and it won’t be the last."
Arganese Habano,4 out of 5,Nice cigar,"Good burn, flavor, quite a nice value for the money!"
Arganese Habano,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,"Pleased with the taste and burn for an inexpensive cigar
Would recommend"
Arganese Habano,5 out of 5,They were great. Thanks Alex,"They were great. Thanks
Alex"
Arganese Habano,4 out of 5,Well worth the money great,Well worth the money great for the golf course
Arganese Habano,4 out of 5,Argonese Habano,"Very tasty stick, always a good burn, nice medium to full flavor. Great for the price!!"
Arganese Habano,3 out of 5,Good for a work smoke,Good for a work smoke will buy it again.
Arganese Habano,5 out of 5,keep these on hand,"I have got these a few times now and they are good and smooth, they burn clean every time and have a medium flavor."
Arganese Habano,5 out of 5,Great taste and burns even.,Great taste and burns even. An enjoyable smoke.
Arganese Habano,5 out of 5,Great smoke,These are really great
Arganese Habano,4 out of 5,Arganese toro and Churchill,It’s on the stronger side. Well made and nice draw. Toro is the better size as the Churchill gets bitter towards the end
Arganese Habano,4 out of 5,Arganese,"A fine smoke , and excellellt VFM ."
Arganese Habano,5 out of 5,They was a gift.. he,They was a gift.. he absolutely loved them
Arganese Habano,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Arganese Habano,5 out of 5,Arganese stays in the win box,My idea of a great cigar delivering taste from long filler choice leaves.
Arganese Habano,4 out of 5,Nice,Nice
Arganese Habano,5 out of 5,Daily Smoke,"perfect daily cigar. price is right. smoke fine, decent ash. nice taste"
Arganese Il Mezzo,4 out of 5,Good quick smoke,Good flavor in a small package.
Arganese Il Mezzo,5 out of 5,Candy!,Scored 60 of these on the sister site. They are absolutely candy! Perfect 15 min cigar.
Arganese Il Mezzo,5 out of 5,Great cigars,"Great little cigars, I would buy them again."
Arganese Il Mezzo,5 out of 5,GREAT!,Just as a thought! Awesome and Fiesty smoke!
Arganese Maduro,4 out of 5,Good flavor,Good flavor
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,Arganese Maduro Churchill,"Quite nice flavor, a little peppery but pleasing. Nice even burn."
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,Nice short smoke. Punches well,Nice short smoke. Punches well above it's price!
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,Good flavor,Very satisfying smoke
Arganese Maduro,4 out of 5,Smokem if you gottem,"I enjoyed smoking this cigar, good flavor from start to finish."
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,Good every day smoke,Good every day smoke
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,Love these,My husband absolutely love the taste of these cigars. I also like the smell of them
Arganese Maduro,3 out of 5,Good every day cigars,Good every day cigars
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar. Burns well and puts off a decent amount of smoke. Will buy again.
Arganese Maduro,4 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,Arganese,Good cigar. Well made
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,Arganese,Really like the Arganese especially the mildness and the taste. Great but for the price!
Arganese Maduro,4 out of 5,Not bad after all!,"When I first received my bundle of these, they looked a little rough in construct, and the first 2 or 3 I smoked were disappointing. But, I had a fourth and then a fifth and I realized that these were decent cigars! They burn well, at least 30 mins. or more, put out a nice volume of tasty smoke, and have a decent chocolaty and spicy, peppery taste! I guess I would buy more, as I thought they'd sit in my humi forever and now I'm going thru them!"
Arganese Maduro,4 out of 5,Strong Pepper Flavor,"This is a strong black pepper, bitter tasting cigar and no other flavors could I find it.. It burns and draws well. If you like pepper you will like this cigar for the price."
Arganese Maduro,4 out of 5,Nice and affordable,"Earthy and leathery, good smoke, nice price"
Arganese Maduro,4 out of 5,Good cigars at a good price. Must try!!,Good burn and nice taste through out. Definitely a must try especially for a beginner like myself.
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,Great flavor& construction. 😉😎,Got one of these in a sampler. I'm very impressed with the flavor and construction of this cigar. This one of the best low cost maduro smokes I've had. It just nice to light a smoke up and not have to fight with it. Perfect smoke to enjoy a cup of coffee with. Will definitely find a place in one of my humidors for this little darling. Thanks again CI!!
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,A reliable everyday cigar.,"This is my go to smoke. I have found them to be relatively consistent in construction, flavor profile and burn rate. First time buying the Churchills. I'm slightly more of a fan of the Toros, but would recommend either."
Arganese Maduro,4 out of 5,Tremendous Nicaraguan Maduro medium to full,"Reminds me of the Jaime Garcia reserve especial for
Half the price . Consistent all the way through"
Arganese Maduro,4 out of 5,A good cigar for the money,"These are good cigars. This last order, however, came with a bunch of very dry cigars and the wrapper was unraveling. That has never happened before. As a rule, I have found Arganese cigars to be very good."
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"Burns great, right flavor. Good length of burn"
Arganese Maduro,4 out of 5,Great smoke for a decent,Great smoke for a decent price
Arganese Maduro,3 out of 5,Good for the money,"While a good buy, they sure do burn fast.
Pleasant tasting and a worthwhile purchase but because of the burn rate I can’t tell my friends to buy them."
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,Great,"Surprisingly great, I've had 2 so far and they have a perfect burn and draw. I will be buying more. Truly a must try."
Arganese Maduro,4 out of 5,Good Smoke,A pretty fair every day smoke.
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,Arganese Maduro,"Dark, mild, decent burn and a good price. Just buy some and give them a try."
Arganese Maduro,4 out of 5,Best bundle cigar for the money period,This is without a doubt one of the best bundled cigars out there. I bought drew e states factory smoke garbage . Arganese is king of bundled smokes. Been smoking them for years don't no why I left them. Going to order some bundled for sure
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,Great value for a great sick,Stout cigar with a full flavor. Excellent value
Arganese Maduro,3 out of 5,My daily,This is a good everyday stick.
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,great bang for the buck,"Love these for sharing on the golf course or relaxing around the fire pit in the evening. Great burn and the flavor lasts right through to the end. I don't, however, recommend taking them to the desert. I spent a week in the SoCal desert and the dry air sucked the moisture right out of the wrapper and binder leaving me to constantly pulling bits of dried leaves off my smoke. At first I thought I had a bad pack, but once I got back home to Long Island the cigars I left home smoked just as well as always. Lesson learned. Thanks CI for always keeping these in stock."
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,"Consistently good smoke. More importantly,","Consistently good smoke. More importantly, a great value"
Arganese Maduro,4 out of 5,Solid everyday smoke performer,"Good flavor, properly humidified they stay together well. Only 1 in the last bundle that I had to throw away because my eyeballs popped out of my head when I tried to draw in. I've been buying these for a couple years now."
Arganese Maduro,3 out of 5,Great everyday cigar at a,Great everyday cigar at a very reasonable price.
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,Awesome,Awesome
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,Arganese,"Good taste, great value."
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,Since I switched to the,Since I switched to the torpedo with a 52 ring size I enjoy them even more
Arganese Maduro,4 out of 5,Arganese Maduro,"This cigar really rocks. The long filler makes for a nice draw. The Maduro wrapper makes for a good smoke. Keep these babies in stock, good every day cigar. THANK YOU"
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,Awesome,Awesome
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,A+,"I got the Maduro in a sampler, I smoked it last because it was the cheapest smoke in the sampler, but it was by far my favorite. Great taste, great construction, tasty enough for dinner, but mild enough for breakfast. Loved it."
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,Arganese Maduro,This is by far one of my favorite daily's. So don't know body buy any!
Arganese Maduro,4 out of 5,Good everyday cigar with full,Good everyday cigar with full body and great flavor.
Arganese Maduro,4 out of 5,Good every day smoke,This is pretty much my everyday smoke cheap good what's not to love about him
Arganese Maduro,4 out of 5,Arganese,"These have become a favorite daily smoke of mine. Always well constructed, tasty, and a great price!"
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,The Mann,"Easy draw, nice even burn, sweet chocolate maduro. Love it"
Arganese Maduro,4 out of 5,Arganese maduro churchhill,"All the main qualities score good- even burn, cuts without ""dry-shatter"", drawing end stays together without spitting out pieces of tobacco (I call the bad ones ""spitters""), doesn't get ""raunchy"" at the finish. Good for the price."
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,Argonese cigars,"Very good cigar , smooth
Brad"
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Cigar For The Price,"Can’t beat the price for these cigars!
Great taste, not to strong just right!"
Arganese Maduro,5 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth
Arganese Maduro,4 out of 5,nice and mild,nice and mild
Arganese Maduro,3 out of 5,Good value,Nice everyday cigar at a bargain.
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,Chateau,My go to cigar for early in the day!
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,My new favorite cigar,"This cigar is so well constructed that it holds the ash better than any cigar I've had. If you try to flick the ash before it's ready, it doesn't want to break off, so you have to let it burn long. Nice..."
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,Royal Salute a no brainer,No worries with these. Grab one and light it up. One of the best rolled cigars out there. Consistent construction from stick to stick. Light it once and enjoy. I’ve been smoking these for decades and they never disappoint.
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,4 out of 5,arturo fuente double chateau,mildly disappointed. the cigars do not burn evenly.
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,4 out of 5,Its a Fuente....that means its,Its a Fuente....that means its good
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,Nice size in the length and ring. It had a good draw. One of my favs! It is about a 2 hour smoke.
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,tip of cap,no confusion one same goodness as next on and on till i have to re-order
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,4 out of 5,"Great cigar for the money, short enough for a quick cigar","Perfect size, burns even , nice mild cigar. Quality cigar and a good price."
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,Arturo Fuente Chateau Maduro,Cigars were fresh and properly packaged for shipping. Very smooth cigar about a 1 hour burn time. I enjoy these in the evenings after dinner sipping bourbon.
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,Arturo Fuentes,Great smoke good service
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Love these cigars
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,4 out of 5,Very nice even blend with,Very nice even blend with awesome burn time
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,A fine smooth even burning cigar,"Like the madero best, burns even with a long ash"
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,Arturo Fuente - Robusto,"A fantastic smoke, great aroma and taste. I can’t stop!!!"
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,4 out of 5,A good cigar for around $6.00 ea.,I try to smoke Dominican tobacco. These cigars fit the bill.
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,They were exactly what my,They were exactly what my husband wanted. Great price too.
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,One of my favorites!,"The AF Maduro is one of the mildest, yet full of flavor Maduros I've had. If you enjoy rich flavor without being overwhelmed by strength, this is the smoke for you."
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,Best cigar ever!,"Perfect size, outstanding flavor and value!"
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,Perfecto!,"An excellent go-to maduro choice, would buy again!"
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,Chateau Bow-Wow,"Great cigar overall. The draw, burn, and consistent flavor from start to finish put this mild to medium cigar in my ""Top 10"" list (a combination of taste, price, quality, and brand name awareness). Just a great smoke that never gets old."
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,outstanding,another winner from Fuente
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,great cigar good price,great cigar good price
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,SJN,"My favorite cigar, I enjoy seeding boxes to friends as gifts."
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,Arturo Fuente Royal Salute Maduro,Never disappointed with this cigar. Great smoke for the price. Keep these in my humidor at all times. Recommend to every Maduro lover!
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,great value,"I buy one box of cigars a month, so it is important they are good quality and a consistent smoke. This is what I get with Arturo Fuente every time. Never a bad smoke. The flavor profile is great and right on every time. Can you ask for more?"
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,4 out of 5,To the nub,Ran through a box of 858 and found myself wishing it wasn't over when I was down to the nub. Went for the longer version here and am enjoying immensely. Very creamy smoke with good construction. Will purchase again.
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,Great cigat,Outstanding cigar for the $$$
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,Dbl Chateau,As usual this cigar doesn't disappoint!
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,great cigar,great cigar
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,4 out of 5,"Good cigar, but expected more.....","This cigar is consistent with the quality expected from Fuente. However, wasn't as much ""flavor"" as I expected. Still a top-of-the line smoke."
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,Fuente,Very smooth. Enjoyed the 5 pack. Well worth the cost and will buy again.👍
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,Double Chateau Cigars-Arturo Fuente,These are mild to medium cigars that smoke evenly and give you a good sense of flavor with a constant burn. They are perfect for a round of golf or sitting around a camp fire!
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,Tried and True,AF is always a good smooth and delicious smoke!
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,Arturo Fuente Double Chateau,"I loved it. It smoked well, and stayed lit the entire time. Most of them I smoked down to the nub. Great cigar."
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,Smooth but full bodied; consistent.,Smooth but full bodied; consistent. Great cigar.
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,It was a gift for,It was a gift for someone
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,Love it all summer,Great summer smoke with beer or red wine
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,Very good cigars,I like the Arturo Fuente cigars; very good cigars
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,My most favorite to date!,I've become a little bit of a snob and this is my favorite cigar to date.
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,Great smooth smoke,I had one last night and it was great. Always a smooth smoke and great construction.
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,4 out of 5,Good light cigar,Been buying these for years. Some burn better than others.
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,"WELL, THEY WHERE A PARTY GIFT.",EVERYONE LOVED THEM!!!
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Bought these for my daughters wedding reception. Always a crowd pleaser and great smoke !
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"taste was flawless from start to finish, draw was fine it just seemed for a big cigar that it would have burned for more than 70 minutes."
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,A good cigar to keep on hand when several friends stop by,Nice. The price is really good.
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,4 out of 5,My new go to cigar,"Enjoy this cigar, from the start. Haven't been smoking too long, 18 months. Tried several types, this one is my new friend."
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,Raymond White - Project Manager,great
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,A fuente Chateau maduro robusto,Great cigar at a great price ....medium flavour with a slight nutty taste ...My everyday go to cigar
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series,5 out of 5,nice,nice
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,"Great smoke. Love the flavor and aroma. You can never go wrong with a Fuente cigar. Great value when buying from CI, too."
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Good Smoke,Good Smoke
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,enjoyable smoke,Nice tasting and enjoyable smoke of quality construction. Very nice after dinner.
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Very good cigar. Smooth and,Very good cigar. Smooth and great flavor
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Love at first puff!,I first purchased these at Sosa cigar shop while on vacation in Orlando. It was my first time trying a Fuente cigar and I’ve never fell in love with a cigar as fast I did with this one. I finished a box of these in a month and have never had a bad experience. The draw is always nice and the burn is just right. I always keep a box of these Fuentes stocked in my humidor.
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,"A true ""KICK BACK CIGAR!""",Great flavored and even burning. One of my top five cigars for the price!
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,"Top shelf,top quality in all areas!",I just bought a couple of the Sungrown Cuban Belicosos from a local B&M and I'm blown away by the quality of these.My firsts since I started smoking cigars in 1983-better late than never.I'm ordering a box of two from C.I.very soon!!!
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Reliable,Arturo Fuente has never let me down. The robustos are small but they burn slow. My first box
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Arturo Fuente Sun Grown Chateau,"My favorite cigar. Always even burn, even if you light it wrong. Good cigar for a long walk. can go wrong with this one."
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Consistent good quality,These are my go-to smokes for the last couple of years. Aroma is good and thr draw consistent.
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Arturo Fuente Sun Grown Queen B,"Long time fan of the Sun Grown line (Cuban Beli). This is everything one expects from Fuente: rich,flavorful cigars, great construction, a perfect draw. This should be a mainstay in everyone’s humidor."
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Arturo Fuente Sun Grown,"I really enjoy this cigar. Full flavor without being strong, quality tobacco wrapper leaf and well made. It is one of my favorites now. And the service from Cigars Int'l is great; 5 stars also."
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,wonderful flavor notes,One of my all time favorite smoking pleasures.
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Arturo. Fuente,I like all the Arturo Fuente I prefer DOUBLE CHATUE SUN GROWN .they must be liked by a lot they are BACKORDERED alot
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Great Value,This cigar is a “must try” and has good flavor with a consistent smoothness. They burn evenly and last the entire back nine on the golf course. A great value for the money.
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Arturo Fuente,Great smoke! Good flavor and excellent draw. A favorite!
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,🎉,🎉
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,great cigar,great cigar
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Good first box,"My first box. Some of them didn't age quite right and had a funny aftertaste, but over all quite excellent. Tightly wrapped; slow burning; easy, cool pull; rich"
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,well done,well done
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,2 out of 5,Poor burn resulting in bad taste,"I have had this box in my humidor for several months, smoking maybe 2 or 3 cigars a week. They feel right, look terrific, but burn horribly. They want to “tunnel” which leaves the wrapper and binder untouched and alters the taste which isn’t that good when it is just the meat. At the same time if you wish to keep it lit you have to draw on it constantly. Yet this is one of Fuentes highest rated cigars. Didn’t think smoking cigars was that complicated but I must be doing something wrong."
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,3 out of 5,I was disappointed with the,I was disappointed with the wrappers on these cigars. Smoke was fine but the wrappers where veiny and looked like seconds?!!
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Solid cigar,"Nice mellow creamy cigar. It's got a little of everything, chocolate, caramel, leather, nuts, etc. Burn great too."
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Sun Grown,Double Chateau Sun Grown Fuentes are always a smooth draw and good flavor to me. Wrapper doesn't flake and we are dry here in the desert. Fuentes are my cigar of choice with a nice glass of scotch.
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,SUn grown Cuban Belacoa,Excellant smoke fuente product high quality
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,FABULOUS,"Tried these for the first time, exactly what I expected, what a perfect cigar, in every way ! Mark M. from Vermont"
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,OMG!,"What a great smoke! Consistent throughout. Nice ash, burns fairly evenly. Nice flavor all the way down. I'll be buying more!"
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,The BEST CIGAR I have ever tasted. Not the most expensive but the BEST!,"I have been smoking cigars for a number of years now since I stopped smoking cigarettes. My new boss at work turned me on to the Arturo Fuentes and I discovered the sun growns. This is HEAD AND SHOULDERS the best cigar I have ever tasted. I can afford to buy more expensive cigars however THIS is the best cigar I have ever tasted. Buy one and enjoy the sweetness and cedar of this amazing stick. Honest, you will be thanking me once you have tried one. AMAZING!"
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,4 out of 5,i love it,great smoke!!!!!!
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,nice,very smooth
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Perfect after dinner smoke
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke smooth flavorful and even burn
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,When you have the time for a novel not just a short story,I bought a box on a whim. I love the short stories for those moments that you only have 30 minutes or less to finish up. I thought that these would be great for a more laid back and less rushed experience. Man was I right. The sweetness on the finish is phenomenal and the spice in the retrohale is magnificent. I found myself neglecting my bourbon for a long draw from this jewel of a cigar. The construction was flawless on every stick in the box. There is nothing to report but satisfaction from start to finish. I highly recommend this cigar!
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Cigars always fresh and delivered,Cigars always fresh and delivered within 2-3days
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Nice long smoke,"The Royal Salute is not my first choice of the Arturo Fuente Sungrown, so I was quite surprised with the cigar. They are smooth and complex. The box were consistent which is what I'm always looking for in a brand I enjoy. I intend to buy more and will always recommend to anyone that enjoy quality cigars."
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Royale Salute,It's one of my favorite cigars.
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Perfect little smoke,Love these cigars.
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Always great,"My cigars we received fresh, in a timely manner and ready to smoke."
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Great,A Fuentes are my favorite cigars. Never had a bad one.
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,3 out of 5,They were a tad bit,They were a tad bit dried out.
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Amazing!!,"Great selection, Great service. I love it!!"
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,A very good consistent smoke,"Over the years I have tried many cigars. I always go back to Fuente because of their consistent quality. Easy draw, lots of flavor, and never disappoints."
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,3 out of 5,Uneven burning,A very nice smoke but have had several burn just down one side. Nasty result.
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Never lets me down,"Honestly, I've never had a bad phone today. And the price of cigars international makes them affordable three or four times a week"
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,1 out of 5,A rare AF slip,"I opened my box to take that first whiff of tobacco and cedar. Instead, I got a terrible plastic chemical smell that was coming from the plastic tray under the sticks. The cello wrappers smelled so bad I wouldn't put them in the humi, nevermind smoking one. CI gladly took them back at no cost to me, so kudos there. I trust this was a rare slip on AF's part."
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Full bodied,Full bodied
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Arturo Fuente Sun Grown Cuban Belicoso,"I typically smoke full cigars but every now and then a break is nice. The AF Sun Grown is a medium smoke (almost too mild for me) that needs a little humidor time in order to really shine. That brings out a nice, flavorful smoke. I'm not good at describing flavors and such so all I can say is I really enjoy this cigar."
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Fresh,"First, as usual, your service and delivery were terrific.
Second, I usually have to pre-humidify cigars before putting them in my humidor. This time, everything was nice and fresh (despite the fact that they were delivered by parcel carrier on a 102-deg day, and his truck was clearly like an oven!). When I tired to pre-humidify, hygrometer didn't budge a percent; I was able to place them right into my humidor and it remained stable.
Niiiiiiiice, Y'all!"
Arturo Fuente Chateau Fuente Series Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Great Cigar!,These are really nice full bodied cigars at a good price.
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,love it,love it
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Quick and Accurate,Received my box of cigars quickly and in great condition.
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,3 out of 5,Expected much better!,Not what I expected. When I pay for a premium cigar I expect exceptional flavor. Not the case here. The first draw was sharp and bitter. It took over half the off the smoke for it to mellow out. The construction itself was poor. With an uneven burn that needed constant attention. I’m hoping it was a fluke and the next one will be better.
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,What a Great Cigar !!,This cigar has to rank in anyone's top 3 ! Only Padron 1926 ranks better and is every bit equal to what the Garcia's roll. Don Carlos #4 will always be in my Rotation !
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Good Smoke,Quality from beginning to end. Worthy of a try if it is your first smoke or if it is your millionth.
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,"This cigar was extremely smooth with tasty notes of brown sugar, nutmeg, and a little cinnamon. I think this will be great in the fall time because the resemblance of pumpkin pie! The aroma is also very pleasant! Although pretty pricey, I would definitely recommend the 5 pack."
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,4 out of 5,Maybe the best AF,"This is my go to, nice body and great pull."
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Always sold out for a reason.,"Simply excellent. Enjoying one right now, and it doesn't disappoint."
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,my absolute favorite don carlos,my absolute favorite don carlos
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Alberto Fuente don carlos,"Bsd. Excellent medium bodied cigar. Perfect in every way.
Todd Meister"
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,A. Fuente Don Carlos,Best Cigar there is
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Flavorful but not overpowering,Great cigar. Not a powerhouse but firmly in the middle of the road which is where you have to be to win cigar of the year. A consistent flavorful smoke which you will want to smoke until you burn your fingers. And well priced considering its pedigree.
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,1 out of 5,Pure Junk,"Pure Junk
Second Don Carlos fired up. Unbelievably horrible. How could this cigar ever get out of the factory. I am an experienced cigar smoker that stores them correctly, lights them correctly and knows more about cigars than the average trendy dude that thinks lighting up a cigar is cool. Always been a fan of Fuente since meeting the family at a Big Smoke in Beverly Hills many years ago. Their quality sucks and obviously they have lost a sense of pride and accomplishment. Please pass on my thoughts to the Fuente team. They have been passed up by newer generations of makers (Drew Estate for one). I would love to send photos of the trash they are producing, but as a pretty decent customer, please let them know that at least one cigar connoisseur will tell all how they now produce junk - pure junk."
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Top of the line,The best of the best what can I say.
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,One of the best,Awesome cigar. Cant afford for every day smoke. Love these I give a 10 out of 10 rating
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,GRAND SLAM,Outstanding. A treat anytime of day
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Excellant right out of the box,"You get what you pay for with these sticks , Im glad to have a box of these in my stash! Great Smoke, Even Burn, and flavor from one end to the other, the only bad part is when your fingers are on fire (because there’s nothing left to smoke) and you have to put it out ! LOVE EM” !!"
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Arturo Fuente Don Carlos Presidente,Purchased for a friend who sgared with our aficionado group. Beautiful smoke from beginning to end. Well deserved top rating.
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,1 out of 5,Going to be returning :-),Harsh. I was really looking forward to them.
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar elegantly packaged,"Well worth the cost, Arturo Fuentes don Carlos are one of the best on the market"
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Fuente Don Carlos #3,I can always count on the Arturo Fuente brand to deliver a quality product and the Don Carlos #3 is no exception. A great smoke any and every time.
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,"Their great, no stems a","Their great, no stems a real good 😊 smoke.🤐⚓️"
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,4 out of 5,Ok,These smokes were ok. They didn't produce enough smoke for me and the draw was very tight. Those two characteristics are important to me.
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,AF Don Carlos,Excellent cigar....
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent fresh cigars and great service as usual
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Best ever!,The Don Carlos will nearly smoke itself until your fingerprints are burned off! Nothing less than wonderful.
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Smoke with a soul,The AF DC is a joy to smoke as a change of pace and when you are in a deep thoughtful mood or just need to destress in a big way.
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Wow,Perfect enjoyment.
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Arturo Fuente Don Carlos #3,"Great smoke, smooth right to the end."
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,One of my favorite cigars. Great taste and even burn. Plus you don't need an hour to enjoy this finely crafted cigar. Highly recommended.
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Great Cigars,"Always, well rapped, great taste, just a fine cigar"
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,2 out of 5,Arturo Fuente's Don Carlos Presidente - ALMOST Always Rules,"Typically one of my favorite cigars. it is fabulous but I am writing a review of the last box that I bought. Totally wrapped like a third grader was wrapping them. there were multiple breaches in the leaf and literally had smoke coming out the side of the cigar as I smoked it. I want to be clear, I WILL order these again, but I was very disappointed with this box."
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Consistently fine smoke,"I have never been disappointed with the Arturo Fuente Don Carlos Robusto, It is a main stay in my humidor."
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,3 out of 5,Decent Smoke,"This is an enjoyable number with good consistency, and quality. I guess the reason I don't give this a 4 star is I am too used to smoking Cuban Gran Reserva, and Limited Editions. In my opinion I think these Cigars are severely over priced, but they are a decent smoke."
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Top notch quality!,Superb flavor and strength from a very well constructed premium cigar!
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,1 out of 5,Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,Very pedestrian and not worth the high price tag. Construction and burn were great but I was expecting more flavor and aroma. Their standard line is a better value.
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,As I expected,A great cigar
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Excellent,This is now my favorite AF. Excellent!
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Disappointed,Cigars were dry. Called your customer service center and they did NOTHING about it. Very disappointed.
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Great with a spirit.,In my humble opinion this is a great cigar after dinner when you are kicked back at the end of the day with a spirit from Moonrise Distillery.
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,2 out of 5,Not worth the price,Only half of the box was any good. Only a few lived up to expectation.
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Was given one from a,Was given one from a friend at a golf outing dinner. My first Fuente. After that sitting I ordered them on line I like it so much.
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,1 out of 5,did not like,did not like
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Special smoke,I received the #2 Belicoso as a gift on Father's Day. What gift! Quality is as expected. Strong robust flavor yet mild in strength. I save these for weekends with a fine whiskey
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,"Great cigar, great even burn,","Great cigar, great even burn, enjoyed immensely! Wish cigars came with humi-pak."
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,This is great cigar,couple weeks back and I got to tell you this is probably one of the best cigars I've ever smoked. the cigar had a great taste and a great flavor throughout the entire cigar. I recommend you keep a couple of these in the humidor if you are one to enjoy a good cigar now and then.
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,great smoke,great smoke
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Great smoke!!,I really enjoyed this cigar. One of my favorites
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,4 out of 5,good smokes,Really consistent.
Arturo Fuente Don Carlos,3 out of 5,stale cigars,"Disappointed with the cigars, they were stale and the wrapper was peeling off. I bought these before and like them but these must have been thrown in the back of the warehouse"
Arturo Fuente God of Fire by Carlito,4 out of 5,Very nice cigar,Very nice cigar
Arturo Fuente God of Fire by Carlito,5 out of 5,God of fire @cigar,Best of the best Dominicans ever. Never smoked anything but Nicaraguan until I tried these....smooth and tremendous flavor..
Arturo Fuente God of Fire by Carlito,5 out of 5,Great cigars,Worth the extra money
Arturo Fuente God of Fire by Carlito,4 out of 5,Great cigar,Really a great cigar however I do feel it's a big overpriced. I'm always tempted to buy another box but when I see the price I end up backing down. Almost worth the price but not quite IMO. I'm sure I'll get more someday.
Arturo Fuente God of Fire by Carlito,4 out of 5,Great smokes,"Saved these for a treat to share with some friends. We broke them out this weekend. They are great cigars. Very flavorful, beautiful burn. I think the aging, and the additional age (these are 2011s), has mellowed them the way a good wine mellows with age. So they weren't as full-bodied as I expected them to be."
Arturo Fuente God of Fire by Carlito,5 out of 5,The best,The best cigars in The world
Arturo Fuente God of Fire by Carlito,5 out of 5,God of Fire B Series,This my go to smoke. It hit all of my favorite notes.
Arturo Fuente God of Fire by Carlito,5 out of 5,An amazing smoke,I actually prefer the series b God of Fire's but sometimes you have to go for the original. Better than 99.99% of the cigars out there.
Arturo Fuente God of Fire by Carlito,5 out of 5,Great Cigars!!,"Great service, quick delivery, and great cigars! I will be ordering them again soon."
Arturo Fuente God of Fire by Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Best product I've bought in a long time,I been smoking cigars for 16 years and I must say this cigar was the best I ever had I mean the best
Arturo Fuente God of Fire by Don Carlos,5 out of 5,sticks,Great sticks with lots of flavor!!!
Arturo Fuente God of Fire by Don Carlos,5 out of 5,The real deal,Like no other Fuente...full of flavor. The best Dominican ever.
Arturo Fuente God of Fire by Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Heavenly smoke,God of fire cigars are the real deal. Much better than opus etc. smooth and FULL of flavor. Can’t miss with this or the Carlito
Arturo Fuente God of Fire by Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Everything you expect in a God,"The Fuentes family does nothing that isn't excellent, these Robustos are in that category. Flavorful and rich throughout the length, well wrapped and clean burning all the way down. A premium cigar."
Arturo Fuente God of Fire by Don Carlos,5 out of 5,don carlos double robusto,a wonderful top of the line a good hour of joy
Arturo Fuente God of Fire by Don Carlos,5 out of 5,Best I've had.,"Bought these after a buddy gave me one. Hands down the best cigar I have tried. Had to get some for myself. These were as good, if not better."
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,A longtime favorite.,"A bit on the homely side construction wise, but dependably good at a great price. I always smoke them down to the nub."
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Very nice cigar.!,"I love these cigars particularly because they come with three of my favorite wrappers, Maduro, Cameroon and Sun grown. This review is for the Corona Imperial Maduro. Well constructed, even burn, a grayish-white and lots of flavor. Black pepper the most prevalent. I'd highly recommend this cigar."
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,4 out of 5,Great smokes,Great smokes
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Great little smoke,Love these!!
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Great little treats,Enjoy these Cubanitos while cooking. Great short smoke with tons of flavor. Recommend!
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Arturo Fuentes Candela,"Excellent cigar, extremely smooth, great with coffee in the morning."
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Arturo in the Desert,Smooth and tasty!
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Perfect one,"Very good cigar, smooth and tasty"
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Summer Evening Cigar,Summer Evening Cigar
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Arturo Fuente Canones,Love these Cigars 👍
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Meet your need,This is by far my favorite. Hard to come by but this will not disappoint.
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Enjoying,Not too heavy and not too light. Right for me.
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,4 out of 5,The smoke is great but,The smoke is great but the wrapper comes loose and flakes during the last third of the cigar.
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Perfect for me.,"Even burn, nice draw, great taste!"
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar. Very smooth,Excellent cigar. Very smooth
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Great Cigars!,The Arturo Fuente Churchill’s were fabulous!
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,4 out of 5,A great choice for a medium taste,"A nice tasting cigar, ease draw and stays lit nicely. I would highly recommend."
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"Best after dinner cigar I've had
Well built and consistent taste"
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Impressed!,"Very nice draw, fantastic flavor! Not the prettiest cigar I've ever seen, but for the price! Can't beat it! Will buy again! First smoke after less than a day in my humidor, I'm very impressed! I know they will get better with seasoning and rest in my humidors!"
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Fuente Cubanitos,Great flavor for a petit-sized cigar!
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,4 out of 5,Good stick,Just what you would expect from a Fuente but smaller
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,8-5-8 is one fine smoke.!,"I've always enjoyed a Cameroon wrapper. This one is not a disappointment. It was flavorful and consist, as was the entire cigar. Burn was even with a long white ash. Since the 8-5-8 is so popular it hardly needs my recommendation, however I wholeheartedly recommend it.!"
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Finally,I've been waiting a long time for these cigars to get back in stock. They're as good as ever! Glad the wait is over.
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,4 out of 5,Simple smoke,"Years ago I smoked this cigar. It was affordable, available and a good 45 minute smoke. Thought I'd try it again for nostalgia's sake. Still good."
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Can't go wrong,Always a great burn.
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Great Smoke!,Great smoke! Burns and draws perfectly.
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,I’m No Connoisseur... but these are very enjoyable,"I like a mild, long lasting enjoyable cigar and these hit the mark. Good size, wrapped well for a good draw. I’ll be getting many more of these for sure."
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,4 out of 5,First time for the green,First time for the green wrapper. Nice smoke
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,A long enjoyable smoke with a nice buzz!,"This was second Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva and it was a smooth smoke. I enjoyed my cigar with a few friends and this cigar lasted over 2 1/2 hours. The last half-inch was a bit warm, I used a golf tee to hold the end. Looking forward to another!"
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Big Kahuna,"What an I say, great cigar!!!!"
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,4 out of 5,Fuente cigar brand.,"I bought at CI a box of Churchill 7.2 x 48 Cameroon wrapper. Its nice to count on stability pertaining cigars brands. Arturo Fuente stand on in the consistent delivers of good tobacco leaves. Roll, draw, burn are extremely well cover at the Fuente cigars brand. These Churchill is a flavorful medium smoke."
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,great smoke,very good smoke
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,4 out of 5,curly head,not bad at all
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Great price on a great cigar!,Got my favorite cigars at an unbeatable price and received them really fast. Couldn’t b happier!
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Good brand,Good brand
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Nice cigar with balanced flavor,Nice cigar with balanced flavor that is a pleasant 20 minute smoke.
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Worth the wait,Worth the wait
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,4 out of 5,Smooth and Easy ride along.,This is a nice every day smoke at a low price.
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Mini Go To,These little gems are perfect when you want a quick smoke or are pinched for time! Great flavor! Just like the real thing in a time shortened package! Well worth it!
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,AF,Great cigar.
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Great Cigars,One of my Favs
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,4 out of 5,Nice daily smoke,Great smoke especially with the price. Just wish you could keep in stock
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,excellent,one of the best cigars every made ….not sure why these are NOT listed & Advertised in your catolog
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Just great!,Just great!
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Great Cigars,Excellent Cigars at a very good price. Keep to good deals rolling CI!!!!!
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Arturo Fuente Cuban Corona,Smooth smoke!
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,5 out of 5,Yummy,Good cigars you remember the first one you've had this is one of them
Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,4 out of 5,Food mild cigar,I enjoyed this mild cigar on the golf course and after dinner
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,"Excellent cigar, enjoy on our","Excellent cigar, enjoy on our deck and while golfing."
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Fantastic cigar and customer service!,Excellent construction and rich warm flavor. Absolutely love it. Big shout out to Janie (sp? I had some trouble hearing) in customer service. After my first shipment was somehow lost in the UPS to USPS hand off (not CIs fault) she got a new shipment out with no hassle to me at all. Great service!
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Forgotten gem?,AF Hemmingway series is fairly affordable high end cigar. All sizes always deliver.
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Good,Good
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,"Great, consistent cigar","Great, consistent cigar"
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,"Arturo Fuente Hemingway Signature,",One of my favorites
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Hemingway short story is not at all short in quality,"Great small cigar. Consistent quality, the draw has always been easy and the burn is even. Nice white smoke cloud with great flavor and aroma. 1 thing. I use to order 5 at a time, but the availability is limited and often not available at all. This is a true limited production cigar. If you like them my advice is to get them when you can. I now order by the 25 count box"
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Outstanding,Outstanding
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,"You can't go wrong with any Fuente stick. These are a couple notches above the ""standard"" line."
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,"A great cigar for conversation, bourbon and friends","I buy very few cigars by the box and this is one of them. When they've been properly humidified, it is a long burning, smooth, cigar that will allow you to enjoy conversation and bourbon without having to constantly re-light it. To me, it falls squarely in the middle between too strong and too light with a decidedly pleasant finish. I also get a spiciness as well. It is one of my top five."
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Always the best,Not as compact as they usually are but still deserves a 5 star rating.
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Awesome,Love them
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Don't miss out.,"All I can say is that these sticks are awesome! Smooth, great draw, oily wrapper, a nice smoke with coffee or a good single malt, thumbs up."
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,dominican,great smoke!
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Hemingway Signature,One of the very best for the price. PERIOD!!
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,4 out of 5,Not As Good as I remembered,"This is a well build medium bodied cigar that is good for a short smoke. In my opinion, however, they are way overpriced when you consider that there are cigars out there that are just as good or better for a much lower price."
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Perfect afternoon burn,This is my go to cigar for a quick break in the day. Great consistent quality.
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Arturo Fuente Hemingway Short Story,"One of my all time favorites, no matter what size. Elegant and beautifully balanced it’s truly a work of art. A quick smoke when one doesn’t have a lot of time, it burns and draws perfectly. One I can smoke any time of the day."
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Hemingway Classic,All I smoke when available
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Worth every penny!,This is the one cigar that my wife loves the smell so she encourages me to purchase them over other brands. Bummer for me!
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,4 out of 5,Arturo Fuente Short Story,Never a dissatisfied.
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Shortstory,Great winter outside smoke.
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,My short stories,Excellent flavor in a perfect size cigar.
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Excellent cigars.,Very tasty and consistent cigars.
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Best Cigars!,Probably one of the best cigars I've had. It is a good 45-50 min burning cigar with fantastic flavors.
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,excellent cigar,"excellent cigar, not always fresh, but still delicious."
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke! Just enough after,Excellent smoke! Just enough after dinner cruising with the top down!
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,4 out of 5,Great short stick,Great smoke for the cold days when you don’t want to be outside for an hour.
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Short story heaven.,Great smoke full of body and nice long ashes.
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Excellent,A excellent cigar
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Arturo Fuente Gran Reserva,"Great cigar - burns perfect, taste great and is easily one of my most favorite smokes."
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Good cigar,Draws well and quite flavorful
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Short story,Great light cigar
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Arturo Fuentes Hemingway signatures sun grown,"I do truely love the Hemingway Signature's but the sun grown series are heaven ,I have smoked cigars for over 30 years , and this cigar is delicious !!!!!"
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,A short story,Beautiful smoke!!!! perfect for a quick smoke
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Short Stories,They are the best cigar and smoke. I thank CI for having them available
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,The best smoke around,The best smoke around
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Simply exquisite,"Bravo to Arturo Fuente, another incredible cigar!"
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Fuente Hemingway ‘Best Seller’,"The Hemingway line by Arturo Fuente consists of several cigar sizes and shapes. All are perfectly wrapped and rolled. The line throughout is a mild but complex cigar that if kept properly humidified lights easily, draws well and burns very evenly.
My current favorite is the Best Seller because of all the qualities it shares with its other Hemingway brothers and also because of its size. The Best Seller is a 20-25 minute smoke. Also I f smoked indoors it does not fill the room with clouds of powerful smoke that penetrates clothes and furnishings like some of my other cigars do.
Hemingway’s in general and Best Sellers in particular are not cheap but I decided a few years ago that if I am going to smoke a cigar someplace other than the golf course it should be top quality and it should reflect that with a price similar to what a good bar charges for a drink. At about $7 to $8 each the Best Seller fits those criteria."
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Best Seller,"My go to for years when I don’t have an hour or more, always even burn, great flavors, excellent cigar."
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Great every day cigar,You can enjoy this cigar every day. Nice mellow smoke.
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Great Cigars!!!!,Great Cigars!!!!
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Good Cigar,Loved the cigars but would rather like to have the Hemingway Classic Perfecto 7 inch cigars. They never seem to be in stock.
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Outstanding,This is my favorite cigar. I’ll be on a cruise in 30 days and you sure made my voyage perfect. Thanks!
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,3 out of 5,Hemingway,First time in 25 years I've had to use a draw poker on a Hemingway...first two were too tight to draw.
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,4 out of 5,Good cigar,"Waiting for the longer Hemingway which has been out of stock forever
I am on your notify list."
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Great quick service,Great quick service
Arturo Fuente Hemingway,5 out of 5,Always great,Artururon Fuente Hemingway and Don Carlos are always consistent quality and great gift cigar. Everyone likes them
Ashton,5 out of 5,Awesome smoke,Awesome smoke
Ashton,4 out of 5,Ashton 8-9-8,This was first time ordering them. I like them very much. I will be ordering them again
Ashton,5 out of 5,The Best!,My favorite smoke
Ashton,4 out of 5,Very light smooth would buy,Very light smooth would buy it again
Ashton,5 out of 5,Great stick perfect flavor great,Great stick perfect flavor great draw
Ashton,5 out of 5,Excellent,Great cigar
Ashton,5 out of 5,👍,👍
Ashton,5 out of 5,"Fresh cigars. Timely delivery, Good","Fresh cigars. Timely delivery,
Good value price."
Ashton,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Ashton,5 out of 5,A Classic,"My favorite smoke of all time. Always consistent, mellow, flavorful, lots of smoke. Pairs well with a Cherry Soda."
Ashton,5 out of 5,"Ashton, wonderful Ashton","Excellent smoke indeed! The draw is especially nice! Flavors are traditional cigar flavors, a delicious wheaty mellow sweetness! Ashton is well worth the cost!"
Ashton,5 out of 5,Great cigars!,Great cigars!
Ashton,5 out of 5,Great as always,Prompt delivery of excellent cigars.
Ashton,4 out of 5,Dunhills are the perfect golf,Dunhills are the perfect golf course cigar
Ashton,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Ashton,4 out of 5,Ashton Cigars...A Great Smoke,"Ashton Cigars are a great, smooth smoke. Nice burn, great size and best of all...no morning ash tray breath!"
Ashton,5 out of 5,always good,always good
Ashton,5 out of 5,To be savored!,"Ashton Classics have been a staple in my humidor for years. I like trying different cigars including some cheepo's like Fumas etc. But when I sit on my porch with a martini to relax, I go to the Ashton. Always good, never harsh and great burn and draw. What I really like are the pepper notes. Nice zing on the tongue. Cigar opens up after the first inch so be patient. Sometimes I'm not looking for a powerhouse. This fits the bill nicely."
Ashton,5 out of 5,50th BDay party,Smooth and tasteful! Enjoyed w/ friends.
Ashton,5 out of 5,Nice,These came fresh and when promised. I love the way the Ashton smokes and tastes. Fantastic Cigar.
Ashton,5 out of 5,ashton corona,smooth light..burns even
Ashton,5 out of 5,My go-to stick for over 20 years,"Consistent mild flavor, even burn and perfect draw.
Hard to go wrong with Ashton or Cigars International!"
Ashton,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Ashton,5 out of 5,My Go To Cigar,Ashton Churchills are among my favorite cigars. Fabulous flavor; even burn; very tasty and not at all harsh. Try these and you will know why Dominican made cigars are the best.
Ashton,5 out of 5,8-9-8,Great cigars!
Ashton,5 out of 5,Cream of the crop!,My absolute all time favorite!
Ashton,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Sitting here right now smoking one a great smoke
Ashton,5 out of 5,Very good smoke,Very good smoke
Ashton,4 out of 5,Ashton Corona,Great cigar
Ashton,5 out of 5,Big John,The cigars where perfect. A quick and easy way to obtain a great cigar.
Ashton,3 out of 5,OK but required constant attention.,Cigar would go out if not constantly smoked. Taste was OK but not as good as expected.
Ashton,5 out of 5,Great Smoke!,"Great draw, mild, and purchase was easy!"
Ashton,5 out of 5,Nice smooth draw. Excellent quality,Nice smooth draw. Excellent quality cigars.
Ashton,5 out of 5,Ashton Magnum,"Very satisfied as Ashton Churchill's are normally my cigar of choice, these Magnims are equally satisfying"
Ashton,5 out of 5,Great product as always!,Great product as always!
Ashton,5 out of 5,One of the best I've tried,"I'm in love with this cigar. Right on top of my favorites list. Perfect construction, nice draw. Gotta try it!!"
Ashton,5 out of 5,Great cigars. Thanks,Great cigars. Thanks
Ashton,5 out of 5,Verysmooth-justalittledry,Verysmooth-justalittledry
Ashton,5 out of 5,Ashton Majesty,Great Cigar!
Ashton,4 out of 5,EXCELLENT PRODUCT — DELIVERY TIME A LITTLE SLUGGISH,"Excellent customer service. The box of cigars took a couple of weeks to get to me in Los Angeles. That delivery time would be okay if we were talking about toasters or placemats, but fine cigars need to be fresh. If you spend $200 on a single box of Ashtons, you want it delivered quickly so you can get them in a humidor."
Ashton,5 out of 5,Ashton,Ashton Magnum is my go to cigar.
Ashton,4 out of 5,old faithfull,i agree with others that this is one of the most consistent cigars out there..mild yet peppery and smooth...will not have you spitting every minute like some of the full strength powerhouses..was my first cigar a few years ago and still in my humidor
Ashton,4 out of 5,Good Wedding Cigar,"overall good stick - went a little mild for handouts at my daughters wedding, had some left and all but one burned very good."
Ashton,5 out of 5,Smooth cigar,Smooth cigars. Love them
Ashton,5 out of 5,Always easy and a pleasure,to order from CI. Fast turnaround on getting delivery to me.
Ashton,5 out of 5,Consistently good.,A quality cigar always dependable for an excellent and relaxing experience. Good flavor especially in the sweet spot middle section where it's smooth with an excellent draw and ash.
Ashton,5 out of 5,Gift,Unable to review as it was a gift.
Ashton,5 out of 5,Ashton Sovereign.,"Great cigar, mild as I like them. They do seem to burn a bit quick, so the length of the smoke is shorter than I would expect for this premium cigar. Otherwise, enjoyed them!"
Ashton,5 out of 5,Top notch,One of my favorites!!!
Ashton,5 out of 5,Perfect Panatela!,"in the past few years, cigar manufacturers have been pushing the larger cigar ring gauges. This Ashton panatela provides flavor and consistency even at the smaller size. This is definitely a down to the nub finger burner excellent smoke!"
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Awesome,Fantastic smoke. One of my favorites.
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,My favorite cigar by far.,My favorite cigar by far.
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke. Smooth start to finish
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Outstanding cigar mellow smoke and very good flavors
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Amazing Cigar,"This is one of my absolute favorite cigars. This is my go-to when I want to just chill out with a bourbon and smoke. Smooth, easy draw, great taste, all around amazing! You won't be disappointed...."
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Ashton Aged Maduro No. 40,Best cigar that I've ever smoked!
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Ashton Aged Maduro Corona,"I recently purchased a box of 25 Ashton Aged Maduro Coronas. I keep a spreadsheet of all the cigars I have tried. This was #197. I rate my cigars on a scale of 1-10. Never rated one a 10, but, this stick was a very strong 9.5. Smooth yet powerful. I'm trying to make them last through the holidays, but that may be a problem."
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Wonderful smoke,Wonderful smoke
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Good buy.,Great taste. Have always liked Ashton's. Will definitely buy again.
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Ashton Aged Maduro No. 40,Great cigar. Nothing else needs to be said....
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Ashton 56 Maduro disappointed,I recently purchased another box of Ashton Maduro 56. I have purchased many boxes of this same Ashton and have always been very satisfied. But this box is terrible. I am about half way through the box and have found the same problem with all of them. As I smoke them they split down the side and by the time I am half way down the cigar they are unsmokeable. I keep them in my humidor as I have always have. This is my favorite cigar and will no doubt try another box. I just hope for better luck. Thanks for listening. GK.
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Ashton maduro,"It's probably rated on my top 3 favorite smokes, very smooth and full of flavor. Will definitely be purchasing soon again. 👍"
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Aged Maduro.,"Still the best doggone cigar on this planet or any other.
Every time I enjoy one of these, I smile for two days.
My absolute favorite.
Delectable.
On that note, i think I'll have another."
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,One of my favorites,This has been one of my favorites a long time in this part of Florida where I live it's not available no one orders it.
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Ashton Maduro,It's one of my very favorites!
Ashton Aged Maduro,4 out of 5,Ashton Aged Maduro #50,"Sweet. That's the first word that comes to mind, but I didn't think it would be in my description after the initial puff. As a matter of fact, right after firing this baby up, I got pepper - and I'm not a fan of pepper bombs, so I frowned up a little. Then, before a third was finished, I thought I had gotten a dipped stogie - I've never tasted such sweetness (chocolate more than cocoa), and it's that very sweetness that I'm forever in search of. I review a cigar while only drinking purified water...but damn if I didn't want to pour a glass of bourbon halfway through this one (I didn't because I want my review ""clean""). I'm also no expert on picking out flavors - pepper is easy, but after that, I'm just in the ""good"" or ""bad"" opinion on flavor, but I picked up the sweetness in this, and it lasted throughout. In terms of construction and looks, this is a well made stick, mottled coloring, in the sunlight I could tell it's oily, but it's definitely not glistening. I'm not impressed with the ash - you really need to tap it at a half an inch, or a little more than a half an inch, or it will fall all over your smoking jacket (I wish I had a smoking jacket!). That's (the ash) my only ""complaint"", because it requires attention. That being said, I love this one because of the natural sweetness - if that's what you're looking for, it's here. I will buy more for sure..."
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,The Aged Maduro,Ashton Aged Maduro's are my favorite.
Ashton Aged Maduro,4 out of 5,Nice everyday smoke,This started out a bit harsh for my liking but the overall taste improved in my opinion after the first 3rd of the cigar was smoked. Burn was even...wapped well. I woukd purchase again.
Ashton Aged Maduro,1 out of 5,Love Ashton's. Hate the 60's,"First of all, let me say I LOVE Ashton's.
However, I hate the No. 60!!!!
They are poorly rolled. One side is tight the other side too loose. Consequently, they burn unevenly and need to be re-lit 3, sometimes 4 times. They're terrible!!!
Out of the box of 25, I probably had 5 that burned evenly and staid lit.
I'm so frustrated with re-lighting them 3 or more times that I simply smash (not stub) them out even if I've only smoked a third of the way.
I'll stick with my No. 10's or pyramids."
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,great,great
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Aston never disappoints,Aston never disappoints
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent!!!,Great job!!!! Very happy with the service..... Thanks
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent,Very consistent...always a good smoke. One of my favorites!
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Very Rich and yet light?,"Ashton Aged Maduros are my current favorite, they are so rich and yet light. I prefer these in a humidity range of 73-75%, the aged tobacco is better and more fulfilling at a slightly higher humidity. I store them at 68-70%, raise them to ~75% the day before I smoke them."
Ashton Aged Maduro,2 out of 5,Not remarkable,"A flat, not-very-interesting cigar."
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Topps,My favorite smoke!! I burn it to the nub and its smooth all the way thru.
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Always fabulous,Pound for pound this is quite simply the best and most consistent cigar I've ever smoked. Very surprising medium and mellow body for a Maduro. I like to try to different brands but I always come back to Ashton.
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Very smooth Maduro,Very smooth Maduro
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,My absolute favorite,"I heard about Ashton maduro 15 years ago listening to a cigar review on the radio in Baltimore and decided to give them a try. For all these years, it's still my go to smoke. It's ALWAYS wonderfully consistent. Nothing better and I've tried them all."
Ashton Aged Maduro,2 out of 5,just so-so,"Not impressed, plenty sticks that are finer for less."
Ashton Aged Maduro,4 out of 5,Best buy,For the money this is one of my favorite moderately priced cigars
Ashton Aged Maduro,3 out of 5,"They were okay, not great","They were okay, not great I wouldn't by them in bulk again"
Ashton Aged Maduro,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Ashton is a special cigar you will enjoy
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Maduro No. 10,Great flavor and smooth!
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,great smoke great price couldn't ask for better
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke. smooth blend. Always,Great smoke. smooth blend. Always enjoyable.
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Value and Excellent Service,"I buy all my cigars from CI. Not only is the selection huge and the prices much better than the local smoke shop you can't beat the delivery times. Depending on the day and time I order I sometimes receive my order with two days with just standard shipping.
Great Service"
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Ashton #56,Great pricing on one of the best Maduro's on the planet cant wait to order them again.....
Ashton Aged Maduro,5 out of 5,Ashton Aged Maduro #60,Just had my first Aged Maduro. #60. First 1-2 inches was so-so. A little resistance on the draw and Nina lot of smoke. Once we made the turn into the second 3rd it was game-on. Rich and creamy smoke with an easy draw. 7.5 inches of love. It required 2 minor touch ups and 1 relight (after I let it sit for 10-15 minutes for a refill and bathroom break). Happy I tried this one and will certainly buy more of these. Great maduro that's not overpowering.
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Smooth and well balanced,Smooth and well balanced
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,SMOOTH AND SILKY,CABINETS ARE THE BEST FOR SMOOTH/MEDIUM BLEND CIGARS. I WISH THE NO 8 WERE A SLIGHTLY BIGGER RING SIZE BUT OVERALL THE BEST
Ashton Cabinet Selection,4 out of 5,Mild and Solid Smoke,"This is a very reliable smoke, mild in flavor with a good burn from start to finish. The draw is almost always very good. I've had a few where the draw was absolutely perfect, and a few where the interior leaf was wrapped just a bit too tight and the draw just a bit on the hard side. But overall, very solid and always enjoyable cigar"
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Great enjoyable cigar.,once of the best cigars I have smoked and I have smoked a lot. Very enjoyable with nice mild taste. The burn on this cigar is excellent hands down. I would recommend as a treat to yourself would buy again.
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Cannot say anything bad this cigar. Even if its mellow the flavors are fantastic. This was a treat for myself being a essential employee to myself. The flavors alone are worth it. The gift set that came with it was just a wonderful bonus. What a great way to treat yourself. I would buy again peroid as a reward to myself. The construction was great with the ash falling off when I made it at 1 and half to 2 inches. Seriously buy one give it a try you won't be disappointed.
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Good,Good
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Fineness experience.,"I bought a box of Ashton Cabinet Selection Vintage #8 Churchill 7 x 49 at CI. Perfect roll, draw and burn. Good and well cured tobacco guarantee the delicious balance blend and smoothness smoke of these Ashton Cabinet Churchills. This is fineness in the cigar smoking experience. Indulge yourself with this cigar and a shoot of cold Hendrick's gin."
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Nice,Very nice cigar with a great draw
Ashton Cabinet Selection,4 out of 5,my second choice behind Romeo,my second choice behind Romeo and Julieta Vintage
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Smoooth..........................,Simply a very nice smoke.
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Never had a bad Ashton,Never had a bad Ashton Cabinet. Amazing smokes
Ashton Cabinet Selection,4 out of 5,Dependable mild cigar,Dependable mild cigar
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Ashton Cab Vintage Belicoso,"The Cigar remains one of my favorites start to finish, smooth, no bite, and perfectly designed for a 30-40 minute smoke. The Ashton remains a top pick and is perhaps forever underrated. Doc"
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Happy,Happy
Ashton Cabinet Selection,3 out of 5,Find them to be a,"Find them to be a bit harsh, I expected a smoother cigar. For the price I would not buy them again."
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Ashton,"these are very smooth cigars , I find they go well with red wine, perfect manhattans,beer ,and coffee. wish the price was a little lower.fine cigars"
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Truly great cigar,Truly great cigar
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,slightly sweet and creamy with a bit of spice or peppery (oaky ?) flavor middle to end of ciga,Ashton is my go to cigar. It is consistently good. A mild to medium cigar that satisfies every time. Quality is only surpassed by it's flavor(s). I would describe it as slightly sweet and creamy with a bit of spice or peppery (oaky ?) flavor middle to end of cigar. Consistent draw and quality with every cigar in the box. Would definitely recommend.
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Ashton,"My wife bought me the Ashton Cabinet selection for my birthday. I think she got it for me as she also likes the Ashton cigars. :)
I have always found the Ashton cigars as my favorite. I am happy to say the ones I have tried so far are as good as I remember."
Ashton Cabinet Selection,4 out of 5,Inconsistent cigar-to-cigar,"Some are extremely nice, some are okay, some are broken and not good.
This is contrasted to the original Ashton Churchill where each cigar was a buttery beauty."
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Frank,Smooth enjoyable smoke.
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Ashton Cabinet,Excellent smoke!!
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,"Love the cigar, has to","Love the cigar, has to be one of my favorite smokes."
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Ashton's,"Love them worth every penny, will definitely buy them again"
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Very nice,Very nice
Ashton Cabinet Selection,2 out of 5,Ashton quality,I love Ashton cigars but these did not smoke well! Too tight and several of them we only 50-60% good. Would not order these again. Very expensive but not worth what I paid.
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Nearly all Ashtons are my,Nearly all Ashtons are my favorite cigar.
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,"Good Deal, Quick Delivery",Good fresh cigars delivered very quickly
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Joes,I buy 90% of my accessories and cigars from u guys for years great job.
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Amazing Cigar,"Absolute great cigar, great burn, nice, smooth, just a great smoke!!"
Ashton Cabinet Selection,1 out of 5,dry ashtons,"the box of ashton’s are dry and I’m in the process of trying to rehumindify them if possible. they also have a bite that is quite unpleasant about two thirds burnt.
should have ordered my davidorff anniversario cigars that i usually get."
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Ashton Cabinet,Can't go wrong with Ashton. However in the same order I was surprised to see that so far one of my Montecristo classics had a terrible draw and I had to discard it after a few minutes of lighting. We'll see about the other four soon enough.
Ashton Cabinet Selection,5 out of 5,Always Ashton,I've enjoyed smoking Ashton Cabinets for about 20 years. They have NEVER disappointed.
Ashton ESG,5 out of 5,My go to !!,When I can't purchase a cuban Bolivar churchill this Aashton ESG is my go to. What a great smoke. Pricey but very enjoyable. A good hour plus smoke that smells and tastes great.
Ashton ESG,5 out of 5,Ashton 23 year,Simply superb cigar.
Ashton ESG,5 out of 5,Best Cigar Ever!,The title says it all!
Ashton ESG,5 out of 5,Great cigar smooth and Tennessee whiskey,I’ve first tried this cigar about 6 months ago and couldn’t wait to purchase a full box of 25 they are a little pricey but what can I say you pay for what you get it’s a.great cigar starts off mild and stays the same till the end 5 ⭐️
Ashton ESG,5 out of 5,Very nice smoke and loads,Very nice smoke and loads of flavor
Ashton ESG,4 out of 5,It’s a solid A-,It’s a good smoke for someone who wants that Ashton flavor but better. I think I still prefer the 1926 Padron for the money.
Ashton ESG,3 out of 5,Mike,good smoke but not worth the $$$
Ashton ESG,1 out of 5,Thumb down,"Not full bodied at all,
Mild to medium. Won't be buying this stick again.
For that price their are many others better and definitely cheaper."
Ashton ESG,2 out of 5,Full bodied it is NOT.,Excellent draw and structure but full bodied? I call shenanigans. I'd put this as mild to medium.
Ashton ESG,5 out of 5,JC,"Very impressive, good pull from start to finish... Burns nicely, I would definitely recommend this cigar."
Ashton ESG,5 out of 5,I think the cigar is,I think the cigar is a very well designed cigar and the flavor is well balance. Thank you
Ashton ESG,5 out of 5,excellent service,Quality and time of delivery excellent.
Ashton ESG,5 out of 5,One of the best,Fantastic from beginning to end.
Ashton ESG,5 out of 5,Easily the most perfect cigar,"Perfect smoke with perfect construction... when you only want the very best. This is a solid five star product NOT a ""this gets five stars for being a great $5 smoke"".
Every cigar in the Ashton ESG series is perfect. I would only smoke this with experienced smokers. A newbie would think its great, of course, but an experienced smoker will be able to truly appreciate it."
Ashton ESG,5 out of 5,The best of all non Cubans ....,"It is a great full bodied cigar, yet so smooth!! Throughly enjoyed and a finger burner for sure!!!"
Ashton ESG,5 out of 5,"have not smoked any yet,","they are for a special occasion. love them, mild never get hot right down to the end. yum"
Ashton ESG,5 out of 5,Worth every penny!!,"Wow!! Although I'm a novice at this hobby, this is by far the smoothest cigar I've ever puffed on!. Definitely worth the money. The flavor is amazing. Don't hesitate to try it."
Ashton ESG,5 out of 5,Worth every penny!!,"Wow!! Although I'm a novice at this hobby, this is by far the smoothest cigar I've ever puffed on!. Definitely worth the money. The flavor is amazing. Don't hesitate to try it."
Ashton ESG,5 out of 5,High-end cigar that I highly recommend!,"Highly Recommended cigar worth the smoke.
I bought the 5 pack of the Ashton ESG 22 Year Salute for my brother, dad and myself to smoke on Christmas (Today)! We father and I tried 2 a couple of weeks ago and knew this would be perfect.
The cigars start very mild in flavor with an easy draw. About halfway through it starts getting an earthly flavor. By the end it's exploding in flavor but absolutely smooth. Took us about an hour and a half each to smoke. No nasty after taste. No cigar buzz/illness. Its been about 2 hours since the smoke and we are mellowed out."
Ashton ESG,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"Im not a big bood cigar guy, but these are smooth"
Ashton ESG,5 out of 5,Immaculate,"Worth every penny. I'm an infrequent smoker (twice a month maybe), but when I do smoke, I sit down for hour or hour and half and really immerse myself in the experience. The Ashton ESG 22-Yr Salute is a phenomenal smoke. I was blown away by the construction and how it felt in my hand. Once lit, great flavor from start to finish overall a refined taste that really makes a statement. One of the greatest gifts you can give to a friend and share a fantastic moment experiencing this gorgeous cigar.
Thanks CI, you guys have great service and I may never have tried this cigar without this site."
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,5 out of 5,Love this cigar.,Love this cigar.
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,3 out of 5,Only ok,"Really was not for me. The burn was only ok. Kind of spicy, draw was not great. Not a home run."
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,5 out of 5,Great smoke,This is one of most reasonably priced great smoke
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,5 out of 5,Ashton heritage puro,"Burn = 8.5, smoke 6.0: (medium density), draw= 9.0, flavor 9.5, great smoke, all the way to the end........use ur roach clip."
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,5 out of 5,Ashton heritage,Amazing cigars worth the dollars
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,5 out of 5,Good tobacco.,Bought a box of Heritage Puro Sol in the Churchill format or size. These cigars are mild to medium but full of good tobacco flavor. Ashton cigars are balance delightful smokes. Excellent taste.
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,5 out of 5,Rick,Love them
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,5 out of 5,Ashton Heritage,My go to cigar!
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,4 out of 5,Love them,Love them
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,5 out of 5,A royal treat,"Gathering high in the kingdom could never be more satisfying than when the royal court smokes these elegant sticks. They are not only fit for a king, but for the king of kings."
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,5 out of 5,Excellent cigars,"These cigars are very smooth,they burn evenly and have a great taste. Would definitely buy again."
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,5 out of 5,My first Ashton,Probably my favorite cigar in the states thus far. Great mild smoke that burned nicely. Happy with the price and condition.
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,5 out of 5,One of my favorites thus far.,I'm just starting to appreciate a good cigar and ones like these will keep me coming back.
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,5 out of 5,The best,The best
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,5 out of 5,Really nice cigar!,"I ordered a box of the Ashton Heritage for our annual Christmas Eve get-together. After dinner, about a dozen of us sit down for some B & B and a nice smoke. I enjoyed this cigar immensely, as did the company. Rave reviews all around. Cigars were fresh as could be, contrary to some reviews that had me a little worried. Will be ordering these beauties again."
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,4 out of 5,"Mild, smooth draw","Mild, smooth draw"
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,5 out of 5,The best,Best cigar
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,4 out of 5,Pur Sol,It just has a pleasing characteristic not unlike the Cuban Montecristo #2
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,3 out of 5,Stale and Dry,"My box of Ashton Heritage Churchill cigars are dry enough that the outer rapper is unwrapping. They are dry enough that the cigar burns fast, so the entire smoke experience lasts nearly half the time it should. My box of 20 Havana Blend East India Co., Ltd cigars by K. Hansotia & Co. were also like this, so it is not exceptional for me. Old, dry and stale seems the rule when cigars are purchased from Cigars International!"
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,4 out of 5,Okay Cigar,"Before purchasing the Ashton Heritage Puro Sol Corona Gorda I had the opportunity to try the Ashton Symmetry, which to me, was a great cigar. I ordered the Heritage because I am trying to lock down a cigar maker that I know I can turn to when I'm looking for a good smoke. It wasn't the best but definitely a good cigar to relax with. I'd purchase them again and definitely becoming a fan of Ashton."
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,5 out of 5,Best ever made,"Hands down, all time favorite cigar, bar none... I have paid a lot more and a lot less for a cigar and gotten a LOT less than I did with this. I always preferred mild cigars, even a spicy maduro on occasion, but now I smoke nothing else. I have tried a friend's Diamond Crown and Davidoff, and have had the Ghurkas, the Rocky Patels, etc... I buy the Heritage by the box now and keep my humidor full plus have a box at my local cigar shop in the private humidor. Did I mention these were awesome?! Now, if they would only make them a size smaller..."
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,4 out of 5,Very nice i like to,Very nice i like to sit down and in joy a stoggi once and a while with aglass of brandy
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,5 out of 5,My favorite by far!,This cigar is my go to cigar. Sharing these with friends always results in positive responses as to how tasty this stick is!
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,5 out of 5,Perfect,Exelent
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,5 out of 5,Pleased with purchase,Pleased with purchase
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,5 out of 5,Ashton's the go too Cigar,I always enjoy a cigar and Ashton is no slouch! Always tasty with a even burn. Great after dinner cigar or anytime for that matter
Ashton Heritage Puro Sol,4 out of 5,Best pricing and availability,"CI may not have the lowest pricing on a given item, at a given time. But, they have the consistently lowest prices and best availability of the brands I desire. Delivery is always fast and orders accurate. My only downgrade is the products come a little stale sometimes and have to be refreshed in my humidor."
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Ashton,Very nice cigar
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Good cigar for something quick,Good cigar for something quick
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Great for a quick smoke.,Great for a quick smoke.
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Good stuff,Same good taste as big brother not to small not to tall a nice burn when you can go for something but dont have to much time this is it I will definitely get them again ps not a bad price either relax
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Always an excellent purchase,Always an excellent purchase
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Great smoke for a short time frame,These are great smokes with great flavor that usually last me about 30 - 40 minutes. These are a regular go-to for me when I want a quicker smoke.
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Best small cigar,Best small cigar I have had
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Love love!,Love love!
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Esquires are a quality smoke for a small cigar,"Nice smoke for a small cigar, notes of cedar and caramel. All are good quality and smooth burning."
Ashton Small Cigars,4 out of 5,good little smoke,"nice little smokes, good construction, doesn't burn hot for a little smoke."
Ashton Small Cigars,3 out of 5,good cigar,Ashton always has good cigars.. they cost more but every cigar I have had from Ashton has been good. These are good. 3 stars because they are a bit expensive but add one secret star because they taste good
Ashton Small Cigars,4 out of 5,Nice quick smoke,Nice quick smoke
Ashton Small Cigars,4 out of 5,Nice quick smoke,A well made cigar to fill a small spot.
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Ashton half corona,"Love em' Just the right moisture, smooth and not too small. Since I bought a box of fifty I had to buy something to carry a few with me to keep from cracking"
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Great smoke and not long winded.
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Ashton blue,Excellent smoke especially when it’s cold outside
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Great smoke for the price.,Great smoke for the price.
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,ashton blue,smooth perfect size just what I was looking for
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Favorite,My favorite smoke
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Best quick smoke,"I like these guys, a quality 25 minute smoke"
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,A Great smoke,A great dependable smoke! Shared these babies with my dad and brother while watching the Astros on the back porch!!
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Perfect size.,Perfect size.
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,First one was a good one!!,"Brother's been smoking these saying they were awesome, had to buy my own to find out but worth the cost."
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,For on the go!,Perfect size when you don’t have a lot of time!
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Top shelf,Awesome flavor! Top of the line!
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Perfection,Great night time smoke before bed to unwind and relax.
Ashton Small Cigars,4 out of 5,Value,A good cigar at a good price. Enjoy!
Ashton Small Cigars,2 out of 5,They're ok,I would like a small cigar with a little larger ring and maybe individually wrapped.
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Great short smoke,Very smooth and mild. Consistent and even burn. Very enjoyable. Just wish they were a little cheaper.
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Good smokes,The product is satisfying and the service is excellent. Thanks.
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,GREAT little stick,GREAT little stick
Ashton Small Cigars,2 out of 5,Not the cigar but the age,The last 2 shipments I’ve received have been dry. Very disappointing!
Ashton Small Cigars,3 out of 5,Disappointed,Pretty good smoke. Not the taste that I had thought they might be. Others are better for a lot less $$
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Just enough,Very nice quick smoke.
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,1/2Corona Blue Box,I found the 1/2 Corona White box in a local cigar shop and tried them and was pleased. There a perfect size for that time when you don't want a full smoke or do not have the time. I prefer the white box over the blue because it is a little milder. Blue still is a nice smoke.
Ashton Small Cigars,4 out of 5,Ashton cigarillos,Nice little cigar. Perfect when you just don't have the time to smoke a full cigar and the price was right. The draw is a little hard but not unbearable.
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Nice mild little cigar,Nice mild little cigar
Ashton Small Cigars,4 out of 5,"Mild, 10 minute smoke.","Decent cigar. Consistent burn, mild."
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Great product,Great product
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,great little cigar,Good for a quick smoke. All the flavor of a full size Ashton
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,"Great cigars, Great Shipping and Great service!",Ashtons are great cigars. Smooth and smoke well. The half corona is perfect for a quick winter time smoke.
Ashton Small Cigars,4 out of 5,Good litlle smokes.,"I like the buy little cigars, because they don't take a long time (20 minutes) to smoke one. The Ashton Esquire are very good little cigars. I like that they come in a 10 pack tin.
The quality for these little cigars is very good. I would definitely buy them again."
Ashton Small Cigars,3 out of 5,Mediocre cigar,"I like Ashton cigars but this cigar is not as well made nor as good as the other Ashton cigars I have had. For a quick smoke with a beer watching a game it is ok, but I wouldn't waste good scotch on it"
Ashton Small Cigars,4 out of 5,"Ashton senoritas, great flavor","Great size and great taste, chocolate and vanilla tones nice burn my favorite cigarillos thus far not a bad value, look at the 50 pack"
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Family affair,Wife loves them. A real bonding event.
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Great short smoke,"15-20 min smoke , spicy and flavorful"
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,Ashton Cigarillos Blue Box,Mild and much better than the Macanudo Ascots which can be harsh.
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,ashton esquires,"great little cigar, but way overpriced"
Ashton Small Cigars,5 out of 5,"Rick H, Ft. Lauderdale","Love this cigar. This is my computer smoke. 20 minutes of cigar pleasure. Consistent in flavor. Of all the small cigars I've smoked, this Ashton is always in my stash."
Ashton Symmetry,5 out of 5,Fantastic smoke,"Medium bodied smoke, consistently delicious from start to finish. This cigar became one of my favorites from the first try."
Ashton Symmetry,5 out of 5,Outstanding cigar and set,Outstanding cigar and set
Ashton Symmetry,4 out of 5,Meh.,"A nice cigar. Well made. Full-bodied to my palate.
And, like most Ashtons, IMO, a bit overrated. Still, too good for three stars."
Ashton Symmetry,5 out of 5,"Amazing, smooth - my favorite!","Amazing smoke. This was recommended to me by the owners of a cigar bar here because he knew I loved Ashton VSGs. He said ""try the Symmetry."" I rarely change anything, but I gave it a try... then kept getting them. It's the only one I smoke now. I love it!"
Ashton Symmetry,5 out of 5,Fab...,Fabulous. Everything that has been written about these are true.
Ashton Symmetry,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Fantastic
Ashton Symmetry,5 out of 5,My Favorite Ashton,"Number one in my humidor, as always great pricing and service from CI"
Ashton Symmetry,5 out of 5,Stop and smell the roses,"This is truly a wonderful cigar. The description from C.I. and the previous reviews are spot-on, so I won't go in to all the details. However, one thing nobody has mentioned. If you get a box of these, immediately you'll notice how beautiful and well-made the box is. And then when you crack it open you are met by the most awesome aroma ever! It almost made me want to just keep all the cigars in the box to just enjoy the aroma over and over. But of course I put them into one of my humidors and am thoroughly enjoying smoking them. Once again, great cigar!"
Ashton Symmetry,5 out of 5,Hands down my favorite,"Hands down my favorite cigar. Just bought a box from CI and I couldn't wait so smoked one right out of the box. Tasted like it was in the humi for months! Flavor hits all the right notes for me. Cinnamon, spice, pepper and towards the end some leathery notes. Every single stick is a finger burner and I typically don't smoke cigars down the whole way. The difference to me between a good and exception cigar is how smooth it stays towards the end and this one never gets sour or harsh. They're a little pricey but trust me it's worth it. I'd take these over padron 26's, ashton ESG and higher end Arturo Fuente cigars. My favorite is the corona size (over an hour of smoking time) and Churchill (two hours of smoke time). Even my wife takes a puff or two of these when I first light up before the cigar gets a little heavier!"
Ashton Symmetry,5 out of 5,Complaint,"My only complaint is that this cigar is so good I tend to smoke it too fast. Excellent taste, construction, draw and reams of soft smoke!"
Ashton Symmetry,5 out of 5,Awesome stick!!,"Symmetry is an Awesome stick that is in the same profile as VSG and ESG - consistently flavorful, with good smoke and perfect draw and burn. Great for any special event or when you want to treat someone to the best!!"
Ashton Symmetry,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Ashton Symmetry,5 out of 5,Great quality and fast delivery!!!,Great quality and fast delivery!!!
Ashton Symmetry,5 out of 5,Balanced Cigar,Aston Symmetry is a beautifully balanced cigar...not harsh and very smooth finish!
Ashton Symmetry,5 out of 5,This Ashton Symmetry is absolutely,This Ashton Symmetry is absolutely the smoothest cigar I have ever tasted. It's flavor is next to none and it is my new favorite. If your an Ashton lover like me you've got to try this cigar.
Ashton Symmetry,5 out of 5,Best cigar for money,Best cigar for money
Ashton Symmetry,5 out of 5,Another outstanding cigar from Ashton,"Once again Ashton has created another outstanding cigar. While I truly believe that the Ashton ESG is consistently one of the best cigars made by anyone, the Symmetry shows the same smooth and delicious flavor profile that goes great with the first cup of coffee for the day. I have tried both the Churchill and Robusto, and absolutely enjoyed both equally."
Ashton Symmetry,5 out of 5,Amazing,Amazing
Ashton Symmetry,1 out of 5,Ashton symmetry,Terrible cigars hard to draw and stay litted taste bad
Ashton Symmetry,5 out of 5,Excellent,"Fantastic CIGAR! Great construction, had a real nice even burn and very unique flavors. Little pricey but I think its worth the money. Haven't smoked many Ashton's but after having this I plan on smoking a lot more!"
Ashton Symmetry,4 out of 5,Ashton Symmetry,"Very nice cigar, I really enjoyed it."
Ashton Symmetry,5 out of 5,Symmetry,Ashton came up with a perfect smoke for me. Smooth and not too full making it very enjoyable.
Ashton Symmetry,5 out of 5,Ashton Symmetry Belicoso,"This cigar has a very good score according to ""Cigar Aficionado"" magazine, see 93 points, that was enough to active my curiosity and I decided to buy 5 just to give it a try as a result I found one of the best experience, it is a magnificent smoke medium full cigar made with the best premium Dominican and Nicaragua tobacco I can't wait to buy the whole box"
Ashton Symmetry,5 out of 5,good,Great stuff
Ashton Symmetry,5 out of 5,Nice Cigar,A solid cigar with a consistent burn and a flavor that develops over the full length of the cigar. Medium bodied that improves over time.
Ashton Symmetry,5 out of 5,Another Fuente masterpiece!,"Just had my first last night. Only by chance. Went to my local cigar lounge and the Ashton rep was there. He was giving every member one. Amazing smoke. The draw was perfect, even for such a tightly rolled stick. The tight roll made for a long enjoyable smoke. The wrapper was beautiful and the ash was a beautiful white. The flavor was complex, yet milder than the medium to full listing. It had a solid medium intensity. The rep said it cedar, leather, and spice were present, but I also tasted a nutty nuance and also tasted a hint of caramel that CI mentions. The spice was mild and not overpowering. Even after two inches of ash, I had to tap the stick firmly to get the ash to drop. I enjoyed it down to the nub and had no warmth until about the last inch and a half. No wonder this cigar was top 10 on most lists. It fully deserves its 94 rating. This is my new favorite."
Ashton Symmetry,3 out of 5,Old world flavor,I too picked one up to try after seeing it was one of the top cigars of 2015. I am a fan of Nicaraguan cigars and this one had that old style taste which was another plus. My only complaint was the wrapper. It was a mess. Must of been a bad luck of the draw.
Ashton Symmetry,5 out of 5,A must have in your humidor!,"A very high quality smoke, superb burn, and satisfying all around. Plus it has one of the best wrappers I've seen in a while. There's always one in my humidor."
Ashton Symmetry,4 out of 5,Great Ashton,"Good Medium-Full bodied smoke. Burns well, and of course construction is top notch. I personally prefer the Ashton ESG 22yr, but I suppose thats in a different category. Lots of flavor and chewy smoke."
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,"Great gift pack , I","Great gift pack , I regift to my son. Gars I shared with many and now have new friends !!!"
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Ashton Always A Great Smoke,"What's not to like about the Ashton VSG Robusto, great flavor quality smoke. This cigar is a favorite after dinner with a nice bourbon or relaxing out on the Barnegat Bay."
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,My favorites! Thank you.,My favorites! Thank you.
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Amazing cigar from an amazing,Amazing cigar from an amazing company quick fresh and reliable !!
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent cigar
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Smooth,It's a full cigar but so smooth!
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,My favorite,Currently my favorite cigar.
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Wonderful stronger cigar that smokes smooth.,Simply a great cigar you never get tired of.
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Smooth and easy,Smooth and easy
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Great and super smooth.,Great and super smooth.
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Smooth,Great smelling cigar
Ashton VSG,4 out of 5,Nice but$$$$$$,"Strong, but smooth even for a med head."
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Ashton VSG,Great cigars. Had a few already and all were great. The service as always was a 5 start. Cigar International is simply the best.
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Great Great cigars,Can’t ever go wrong with Ashton cigars and these are some of the best
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,VSG's are the best!,"Been a cigar smoker for 15 years, tried MANY cigars including lots of Cubans but I keep coming back to VSG's. Nice full, strong flavor which just gets better and better. Definitely my favorite cigar"
Ashton VSG,4 out of 5,Good Smoke,"Full-bodied, spicy, and smooth throughout, the Ashton VSG Robusto lives up to the marketing hype."
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,I love these sticks. To,I love these sticks. To bad they're so expensive.
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Ashton VSG Sorrcer,I recieved the cigars and they were very fresh. I will continue buying my cigars with you.
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Outstanding,Great smoke!
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Always a favorite,Always a favorite
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Special Occasion Cigar,"This Ashton VSG Robusto is one of the finest cigars I smoke. Its richness, flavor, wonderful richness and great smoke to the very end make it worth every penny. The price point keeps it out of the everyday cigar range for me ( even with CI's low prices). When the special occasion rolls around out comes the VSG!"
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,My favorite cigar,The Ashton VSG line is my favorite cigar and the Enchantment size is good for nice hour smoke. It's not too long and burns at a good temp. Highly recommended.
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Ultimate smoking experience,Few cigars are this complex and full bodied ... VSG ... Wizard is in a category all on it's own.. this one takes time and an experienced palate to find all the changes in flavors ...pairs very nicely with a strong Bourbon.
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,"My favorite 'heavy' cigar. It is very strong, but unlike most other heavy cigars, it tastes GREAT.","This has been my favorite cigar for some time. It has a lots of good flavors without being harsh or nasty, like so many cigars that run ""full"" flavored can be."
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Ashton VSG Wizard,Fantastic smoke! I was very impressed by the smoothness and clean flavors of the smoke. I would definitely recommend them to anyone who enjoys a premium cigar.
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,My Favorite Cigar,"I don't generally like a full flavor cigar, but this one has excellent flavor."
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Very good cigar,Tastes and smokes well. It gets super strong towards the end suddenly though.
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,A Real Pleaser,"As with most of the Ashton line, the VSG is a well constructed cigar and a pleasure to smoke. What makes the VSG standout is the rich full flavors it delivers from one stick to the next. A real pleaser!"
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,VSG ROBUSTO,NICE SMOKE. FULL OF FLAVOR WILL REORDER.
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,AshtonVSG,"I really like them
I ordered them they sent the wrong ones but a great gar"
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,A Premium Cigar,"The Ashton VSG is one of my ‘go to’ cigars. Always consistent construction, burn and taste. If you like a fairly full bodied smoke at a modest price you should give ‘em a try."
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,they smoke like a dream. great smoke.
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Fred,great service
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Awesome,Awesome
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Exception to the rule,"I'm a HUGE fan of full-bodied Nicaraguan cigars. In my rotation you'll find My Father, San Cristobal. Oliva V, Melanio, Padron, Padron 1964, Undercrown, JDN Antano 1970, Man O' War, MOW Ruination, Puro Authentico, and more. You get the picture. Ashton VSG can stand toe-to-toe with any of them. It's my exception to the rule. A Dominican as tasty as any cigar I've had."
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Ashton VSG,I enjoyed the Ashton VSG. It was a very flavorful smoke. A little bolder than my personal favorite. But I would buy again.
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Just What One Expects from Ashton,"Rich flavors, superior construction, excellent burn. High end price, but well worth it for an exceptional smoke for a special occasion (or no occasion at all!) High rating by CI and others is well deserved and more than justified. Advice: treat yourself to this rare smoke; you won't be disappointed!"
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,VSG great cigar,"Bought 5 pack.All burned perfect great cigars at a great price.
I'll buy again. Jim p"
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,The Burn,#1 cigar ever. Nothing compares to taste and burn
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Ashton VSG Illusion,One of the BEST cigars I have ever smoked!
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Ashton beauties,My VSG's arrived timely and on perfect condition.
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Great smoke,One of my favorite cigars. Great burn and flavor
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Ashton VSG fan.,"I have always enjoyed the aroma of a good cigar. Since birth, it has been in my nature to gravitate towards outstanding tobacco. I am sure I am not alone I. Saying pipe smoke has a certain allure to us all. I have found much pleasure in a fine cigar and enjoy shopping/buying cigars almost as much as smoking them. Through the stress and tribulations of day to day life, cigars are my release and I am thankful.
I am a novice brother of the leaf in the most modest sense. I have been blessed with the curse for about 2 years now. Never one to limit my pleasures to a specific stick, as I find my taste is forever changing. What is delicious tonight... Rarely duplicates itself. I am a student to the leaf. One thing I have learned is the VSG is always a solid choice. Rarely do I buy boxes. The Ashton VSG is, and will be, a staple in all humidors I ever own. Bravo Ashton. Great cigar."
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,All good!,Great cigars and service
Ashton VSG,3 out of 5,The CAO's were great as,The CAO's were great as usually. However this is the second time I received Ashton VSG in a 5 pack and 2-3 of the 5 pack smoked very badly. They burnt uneven and with a burn hole in the middle.
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Worth the money.,Just WOW! Best full bodied I have smoked. Burnt my fingers.
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,"My ""goto"" smoke","VSG is a great smoke. I have spent allot more, allot less but the VSG is the best. It is, by far, my goto smoke."
Ashton VSG,5 out of 5,Sometimes you do get what you pay for...,One of my very favorite cigars. Rich creamy goodness from start to finish. I've never had a burn or a draw problem. They are not cheap but they don't taste like it either! BTW how could anyone compare these to an H. Upmann Media Noche!?
Ashton VSG,2 out of 5,Not worth the price,"Not a terrible smoke, but not great either. The Oliva V series or H Uppman Media Noche have much better flavor for far less money."
Asylum,5 out of 5,Smooth and taste great.,Smooth and taste great.
Asylum,4 out of 5,Very good cigar,Full flavored good price.
Asylum,5 out of 5,Wow,Lots of flavour and unreal punch of nicotine. It's not for beginner for sure
Asylum,4 out of 5,good small cigar,"Good flavor, burned evenly. Excellent choice for a quick smoke."
Asylum,5 out of 5,Great smoke when you only,Great smoke when you only have a short break in the day to enjoy a cigar.
Asylum,3 out of 5,Really uneven and too much spice...longer in the humi?,"I picked up some of these at the local shop about two weeks ago. I'm thinking I should have let them sit longer before burning one but, it's cold and I was looking for a short smoke. The flavor was fantastic the first few puffs. Then, it gained a ton of spice. Enough to sting the lips and tongue a bit and make me reach for a drink. It also burned completely uneven. Touching it up with a torch didn't help. I'll try again in a month or two but, not really that impressed so far."
Asylum,5 out of 5,This is a great little smoke.,"Sometimes called a dog walker this is the perfect size when you want a really good cigar, but you haven't the time to enjoy a robusto or larger. A lot of medium to full flavor in a small package. I love this cigar."
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,Excellent cigar
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Totally awesome,Totally awesome. The largest cigar I have ever seen. It's got a great flavor and lasts almost 18 holes of golf!!
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Nice full bodied smoke. Burns well and has a great flavor. Well constructed. Not my everyday but definitely weekend and special occasions smoke.
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Asylum 13 double corona,"A nice smoke, burns slowly and smooth, very enjoyable!"
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Great value,"I am one of the people that find the 13 a great smoking experience.
The 6x60 is a perfect fit for me, it handles my smoking style and, provides a smooth yet full flavored enjoyment.
I have been fortunate to have found these gems."
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Asylum,A smooth slow smoking cigar. it goes real smooth with good a glass of scotch
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,Excellent smoke
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Excellent mega cigar,"Nice strong cigar, as god as the camacho family. The huge size is something to get used to, but the flavor is worth every puff. A nice cigar for a long enjoyable smoke."
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Great cigars.....great service,Competitive prices.....great cigars....great service
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Nice body (all and all,Nice body (all and all good smoke)
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Great Customer Service,Very happy with the cigars. Very happy with the shipping. Everything arrived right on time for a trip to Las Vegas. Good Job Cigars International!
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,I’m a fan of Aslyum,Love the big ring size and the full bodied taste
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Excellent cigar burns nice smothe. So good they have a hard time keeping it in stock.
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Great service,"Great service, great prices"
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Nothing Beats Asylum,By far my favorite cigar!
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Great smokes,Had to keep them in the humidor for awhile. They were a bit dry.
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Excellent,Very nice smooth cigar. Good cigar to just sit down and enjoy with a few brews.
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Super fast Delivery..,Delivering came super fast as always.. I Smoke 2 A13 on Thanksgiving and both where right on point.. Clean burn nice flavor..
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Awesome,Awesone
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Asylum 13 Super 11/18,Great smoke. I keep trying other brands but keep coming back to Asylum. Love the big ring cigars.
Asylum 13,4 out of 5,Asylum 13 Super 11/18,"Was wanting to purchase the 8x80,which was on back order, so I tried the Asylum 13 Super 11/18. With a bit of confusion on which end to clip, the Asylum 13 Super 11/18 still ended up being a great cigar!"
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Bigmack. Big cigar,Love the size. The stick is excellent. It's become my go to stix
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,"Was skeptical, However...","Bought these at the recommendation of a brother firefighter, have to say, love them too. Pairs well with a glass of Jack Daniels. Burns for a while, smokes up great. Really good cigar, definitely ordering more for my vacation this year!!!"
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,My favorite cigar.,"Glad you have them in the monster size. Great, long smoke."
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Asylum 13 Seventy,"This Cigar is Awesome, I smoke it as an Everyday cigar usually 2-3 a day. I am very happy with the Flavor and size. C I Delivery is the best. Always on time if not sooner than I expect. Just wish the search for LARGER Ring Guage was easier to navigate. Perhaps 60+ and 70+ Clicks."
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Make some time for this beauty!,"A smooth, flavorful smoke that's great for the golf course, on the beach or when ever you have a few hours to enjoy a great cigar!"
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,An amazing cigar!,Not for the faint of heart--it's massive! But perfect for the golf course!
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Golfers Smoke,This well crafted and nicely balananced cigar is perfect for a 18 hole round. The medium/full approach on the cigar improves as you go along. I will always have this one for golf season
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Love the Asylum 13 eighty's,"Great smoke, perfect ring size, great draw."
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Love it,"If I could I would fill my humidor with these. Good draw and burn great flavor and due to the size, they are like an all day sucker. Highly recommended."
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,great stick,I love all the different asylums regardless of the ring
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Big smokey.,Great smoke.
Asylum 13,4 out of 5,Big Fatty Arbuckle,"excellent smoke, long and flavorful"
Asylum 13,4 out of 5,Love the smoke,One of my favorite cigars.... I have to smoke an Asylum two-three times a week!
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Asylum 13,Love them!!! Smooth smoke great price!!!
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,flavor bomb,Wow great cigar with great flavor
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Excellent choice,"Ordered a five pack because this cigar has never disappointed. Even burn, tight ash, smooth draw. Taste profile includes spices, nuts, dark chocolate, and leather. You will not be disappointed."
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Still curing in my humidor.,Still curing in my humidor.
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Great cigar,never disappointed with this cigar.
Asylum 13,4 out of 5,Great Small Cigar,Great Small Cigar
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Deeeelish!,"I almost hate to write a good review on this cigar but here it goes. I ordered a 10 pack of Asylum 60's and was totally impressed with the level of quality and craftsmanship! Solid, firm construction, very nice aroma and perfect draw on every stick! For an inexpensive cigar this has got to be one of the most consistently made brands. Nice earthy, woody flavor with a slight taste of cinnamon this cigar is a perfect medium-full specimen and will remain a regular in my rotation. I was a little leery of the 60 ring vitola but I think the blend really shines with a larger size. I highly recommend this blend if you're looking for a long burning and cool smoking cigar that will not disappoint than this is one you should try."
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,A big hitter,"Very good smoke, very favorable, a regular in my humidor, when you light it you realize what a commitment you've made. Plus you'll get some pretty diverse comments."
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,SMOOTH SMOKE,I LOVE THE ASYLUM IT IS A EXCELLENT CIGAR
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Big Honker,"It is as good as some of the Cubans I have smoked. Bold and full of flavor. Not for the wimp but a Man's cigar. They are my ""Special"" cigar's that I pull out for certain events. Man up and get this Big Honker!"
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Asylum 13 is awesome,"I have to say that the first Asylum 13 i had was the GIGANTIC 80 gauge version which was a bit hard to smoke, but i really enjoyed the flavor so i ordered these robusto version, and i have to say that they are FANTASTIC. everything i could ever want in a full flavored, complex body cigar."
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,"a monster, a deeply smooth","a monster, a deeply smooth jawbreaker"
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,"lover of large ring cigars, here...",I am very pleased with my recent order and would like to try more extra large ring cigars. Any recommendations?
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Like a bat the hand and head,"Started a modest hobby of cigars about 2 months ago, only other time I smoked one (mostly pretending) was in the Military, passing a few around to share after a hard day of being a combat soldier was really lost to me at the time.
I been sampling, and my local humidor has been helping me find my likes. Asked him whats the biggest cigar he had... its this one. Really liked it, mid way flavor chance was nice, had a very enjoyable first light getting a nice crown on it, for me I was flying very high!
Im 6'4"", the cigar looks at home with me, left a very pleasant after smell in my place, kinda studious.
Finding the stronger cigars are for me.
Looking to order them when they get them in."
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,Great cigar!
Asylum 13,5 out of 5,Thank you!,The order was delivered in a timely manner. I have had several orders from CI and have been very pleased.
Asylum 13 Authentic Corojo,4 out of 5,Give it a whack!,"Okay I love Christian eirora he does great work. This cigar is a gem as well. But personally asylum and him are where we dont meet. I'm no big ring gauge guy. I can only name about 5 cigars I prefer in a regular 6x60 size but on to this smoke it has smooth flavor and full strength even in the robusto size. I only rate this a 4 due to the lack of ""traditional sizes"""
Asylum 13 Authentic Corojo,5 out of 5,Cigar International is GREAT!,"For me its simple great customer service, the website is easy to navigate, I've never had a problem with my personal acct info and the best part everything I've ever ordered has come in two days. It's simple you order and you get your cigars period.So far i haven't had any damaged cigars they are always wrapped good. Keep up the good work!"
Asylum 13 Connecticut,5 out of 5,Sweet and spicy,"Delicious cigars. I’ve smoked quite a few of these, and I love them. They have a nice sweetness and a decent level of spice. They kind of remind me of the cigar version of hot tamales (not THAT spicy though lol)."
Asylum 13 Connecticut,4 out of 5,Asylum 13,Nice smoke
Asylum 13 Connecticut,5 out of 5,Very good stick! Easy draw,Very good stick! Easy draw and unique flavor.
Asylum 13 Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good value to add to you Mild repertoire.,I was turned on to this from a local cigar shop owner. Good smoke. I like the 5 x 50 better then the 7 x 70. The big ones got a little hot near the finish.
Asylum 13 Connecticut,5 out of 5,Fast and dependable,"Recieved cigars in great condition as posted will continue to order from CI,"
Asylum 13 Connecticut,5 out of 5,pretty smooth,all good
Asylum 13 Connecticut,5 out of 5,You'll Love These,"I was turned on to these cigars from a friend. If you enjoy a smooth cigar, then you need to order a box of these."
Asylum 13 Connecticut,5 out of 5,mild-medium smooth,"silky, smooth, and steady. The Asylum 13 Connecticut is a tasty, smooth, constant flavor smoke. When you want a mellow smoke that stays the same through out the hole cigar, get an Asylum 13 Connecticut."
Asylum 13 Connecticut,5 out of 5,Another Great CI Experience,"I tried this cigar at CigarFest - OMG what a great way to be introduced to a variety of products, most I'd have never tried otherwise - so good I had to buy some - very nice smoke - go for it, you won't be disappointed"
Asylum 13 Connecticut,2 out of 5,Asylum 13,I was not impressed with it. Too loosely wrapped cigar that did not burn well.
Asylum 13 Medulla Oblongata,5 out of 5,Won't Be Disappointed,"Great 2hr smoke, really enjoyed the smooth bite. Looking to add these to the humidor soon."
Asylum 13 Medulla Oblongata,5 out of 5,Thoroughly enjoyable in all aspects,"Wow. I am a casual cigar smoker, but this one is definitely up there on the list. Clean draw, rich, thick smoke, and a great flavor. I prefer a medium cigar usually, and this one keeps a great flavor throughout. Nice, even burn. If my humidor's weren't already full, I would order a few more of these, definitely."
Asylum 13 Medulla Oblongata,5 out of 5,Asylum is INSANELY great!!,"Wow! Great afternoon cigar. Superbly made, great draw and consistent flavor to the end!"
Asylum 13 Medulla Oblongata Maduro,5 out of 5,My New Favorite,"My favorite cigar is the pricey Liga Privada N0. 9. The Medula Oblongata is every bit as good at half the price. I don't write reviews but I had to share this good news. Great rich, complex, oily smoke."
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,Ogre 550,"Great smoke, bought a 5 pack to give them a try and I've already ordered more. Great even burn, never had to touch it up from first light all the way down to the nub. Will definitely add this to my regular rotation"
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,The Mean Green Ogre,It's a smooth and nice cigar to have in your humidor. Nice burn on it and great flavor with hints of spices and pepper. You gotta try an Ogre to appreciate it.
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,5. Star Great Smoke,5. Star Great Smoke
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,Great!,Great!
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,Asylum 13,"I love em
Rich flavor, good draw, long smoke
I would buy them again at that price!"
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,"""barber pole""","Love it,smooth,great taste,no after taste.Not for the faint of heart!"
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,Unique and enjoyable,"Highly recommend to those that have never had a candela or barber pole wrapped cigar. Creamy and unique flavors throughout. Great construction, 5 Stars."
Asylum 13 Ogre,3 out of 5,"Steve Yeager Reviews ""Asylum 13""","This cigar was well-constructed, burned evenly and had a nice full flavor, but lacked the good draw that I crave. Overall, a decent cigar."
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,The ogre,The 80 x 8” ogres are great. But plan an all day smoke.
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,My favorite cigar!!,A good quality cigar will definitely be purchasing again!!
Asylum 13 Ogre,4 out of 5,"Just the right size, great","Just the right size, great draw, bad chewer."
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,Asylum 13 great smokes!,I’ve purchased Asylum 13 cigars in all gauges and find them to be a great solid smoke. Top quality with a fair price.
Asylum 13 Ogre,3 out of 5,No value,Not worth the cost for the extra length and width. Loosely packaged and boxed
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,Awesome!!!,"Awesome Cigar, it draws a lot of attention due to the 2 tone."
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,Love these.,Great flavor and consistency. Sometimes an uneven burn. Make a commitment to a long session with a scotch or good book...
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,Asylum 13 cigars,Great cigars
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"I have had this before,great burn, great taste, a great ""everyday"" and special occasion cigar."
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,What to say about this monster of a cigar,"The flavor was great, it was laughable when i opened the box to see the size i guess i should have looked at the size a little closer 8"" by 70 ring lol. But if you have time its a great 3+ hour cigar. Perfect for breakfast, lunch and dinner :)"
Asylum 13 Ogre,4 out of 5,Cigars are great for on,Cigars are great for on the golf course.
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,Great cigar!!,"The appearance took me back a little, but after smoking it I instantly loved it. Great cigar!!"
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,Asylum 13 Ogre 660,Very smooth smoke full of flavor. Quickly became one of my favorite sticks.
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,Will buy again,Really like The Ogre cigar the over all favors are not powering.
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,Orge,Amazing smoke. Great flavor and hold ash very well. Ranks very high on my list of favorite cigars.
Asylum 13 Ogre,1 out of 5,not good,"very little smoke output, nothing special, maybe the size was the problem"
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,LOVE IT!!!,Excellent smoke....very smooth. This is one of my favorite smokes. Always have some. n the humidor. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!! This stick is on my TOP 4 GO-TO LIST....
Asylum 13 Ogre,4 out of 5,"Great stick, depending on construction.","Great cigar! Almost minty off the start, and a strong fully body throughout. One star off because mine had a bit of an uneven burn and actually tunneled out on me in the last third."
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,Ogre,I really enjoyed this cigar.
Asylum 13 Ogre,4 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,A Most Enjoyable Smoke,"A very enjoyable smoke, great taste, nice grey ash, just right with a nice sip of Bourbon."
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,Great 2 hour smoke!,Great 2 hour smoke!
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,A religious experience,Simply put...SUPERB!
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,Awesome cigar,"The cigars came a little dry, but a few days in the humidor and they we're perfect again. One of my absolute favorite cigars."
Asylum 13 Ogre,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Very pleased with my purchase. I have seen several friends smoking this cigar and they all said it was a good stick. So I decided to try it for myself. Glad I did and will be ordering them again very soon.
Asylum 33,4 out of 5,Good Smoke,They were a little dry when I received them so they were on the harsh side. Put them in my humidor for two weeks and they mellowed right out. All in all I think that they are worth the $$$.
Asylum Insidious,5 out of 5,Great smoke. Outstanding flavor,Great smoke. Outstanding flavor
Asylum Insidious,5 out of 5,Nice evening smoke,"Awesome, smooth, creamy, mild, smoked my first one until it burnt my fingers will definitely buy them again 👍🏻"
Asylum Insidious,4 out of 5,Asylum Insidious 764 cigar,I been smoking insidious cigars for two years and I have been pleased with the overall characteristics of the cigar. The ring size and length make it a perfect match for a game of golf on Wednesday and Saturday.
Asylum Insidious,5 out of 5,Insidious,smooth and sweet start.
Asylum Insidious,5 out of 5,Love Em!,This is smooth and sweet. I really enjoy this as an everyday cigar. I was big into Acid but Asylum is beating them in smoothness and flavor. Will be keeping these stocked in the humidor.
Asylum Insidious,5 out of 5,Another great cigar from Asylum!,"The box I purchased have all been good thus far. They burn well, although not 'tightly' rolled at all, some engage in uneven burning, but always return to an even line themselves. The draw is easy and always full of creamy smoke! I'll be buying more!"
Asylum Insidious,5 out of 5,Nice!🚬,"This was purchased by my son at the birth of my granddaughter. I had not smoked a cigar since I was a teen sneeking Swisher Sweet cigarillos on fishing trips. It lit easy, and stayed lit too. It had a cool smooth draw, and a smooth creamy finish. Nice stick for relaxing after a day on the beach! Would definitely want to have on hand for friends who want to hang out on the deck in the evenings."
Asylum Insidious,5 out of 5,insidious,awesome smoke
Asylum Insidious,4 out of 5,Mild,my favorite
Asylum Insidious,5 out of 5,Great cigar.,"May not be complex, but a great cigar to smoke with someone you are introducing to cigars for the first time.
I enjoy this cigar anytime, first one I had when introduced. Enjoy!"
Asylum Insidious,5 out of 5,Asylum Insidious 764,Surprising cigar with a sweet taste when your first start smoking then smooth until finished. Cigar burns well through smoke wether you play golf or enjoying wine or bourbon.
Asylum Insidious,5 out of 5,The best,A great smoke with a sweet after taste
Asylum Insidious,5 out of 5,Smooth,"I needed something mild and smooth, and the Insidious 764 were the perfect fit. Good sized cigar for a long relaxing smoke! I found a new favorite."
Asylum Insidious,5 out of 5,Good mild smoke,Good mild smoke
Asylum Insidious,5 out of 5,excellent piece,"my new favourite cigar, excellent. absolutely loving it. it burns nicely, great mild taste, pleasure to smoke one, or two..."
Asylum Insidious,5 out of 5,Mild taste and burned good,Mild taste and burned good
Asylum Insidious,3 out of 5,I don't think they shipped well... :-),"When I first tried these at a cigar shop, loved them.. I'm holding on to hope, but, when I received them, they were a little dry... first two, so far, went out on me 2 or 3 times and were a struggle to keep burning evenly for the first half of the smoke... but, beyond half, worked out alright...
I have the rest in the humidor to see if I can get them back to where I need them to be."
Asylum Insidious,4 out of 5,Pleasant,"Good beginners smoke great aroma smoke output was awesome burn evenly beginning to end flavors I got were earthy, cedar and some spice retrohale was subtle I rated a 80"
Asylum Insidious,5 out of 5,Experienced smokers don't shy away from this one!,"This is a cigar I probably would never have purchased. I typically smoke medium to full cigars and shy away from sweetened caps as a novelty beginner no flavor indication. To my surprise, this cigar is a flavor bomb. Sweet, cedar, pepper, and it falls in the medium range for me. Awesome morning cigar. Experienced cigar smokers don't shy away ... This is an amazing cigar and the price makes it a daily smoke."
Asylum Insidious,2 out of 5,"Not that great, sorry.","My default brand is Gurkha ..... but I like to try new on occasion. I did not like the Insidious. I have an excellent sense of taste, and to me these were bland ..... no flavor, no after taste. The wrapper was thin, the filler loose. It smoked fast and uneven. I know it's a harsh review, but ..... this just wasn't a very good cigar.
I'll stick with my Gurkha Evils for awhile before branching out again."
Asylum Insidious,4 out of 5,Great Smoke,"Good taste, burn and draw."
Asylum Insidious,5 out of 5,Great anytime cigar,I love the slightly sweet cap and mellow smoking of this cigar. Great with coffee for sure. Good construction and consistentcy. Will buy box soon
Asylum Insidious,4 out of 5,Good cigar,"good cigars at a good price
What else do you want"
Asylum Insidious,5 out of 5,"Insidious, possibly the working mans Davidoff!","Ok so I love the line, all the sizes and all 3 wrappers. This particular one if my favorite. The cap is sweet the cigar body is very mild and burns evenly throughout the smoke! Smoke em up!!"
Asylum Insidious,5 out of 5,"Best Cigar, Hands Down!","This cigar is hands down one of my favorites. The smoke was nice and smooth. The cigar left no aftertaste that was unpleasant, and the sweetened cap tied all of its beauty together. This could become a regular smoke for me, I would encourage cigar smokers new and old to try this if they haven't because it is well worth the money. I really can't say enough about this cigar. I have tried others from the Asylum brand, this has to be the one of the best ones they offer. I will be keeping these on hand for many years to come!"
Asylum Insidious,5 out of 5,Asylum Insidious 764,A great smooth cigar. I have to relight it at times.
Asylum Insidious,5 out of 5,very good cigar,smokes very smooth no after taste
Asylum Insidious,5 out of 5,1st Purchase,I had a great experience. The box of cigars I purchased were fresh and at a great price. I recommend this website to all my friends that are true cigar lovers.
Asylum Insidious,4 out of 5,Absolutely GORGEOUS cigar!,"Loved every bit of this beauty. Everything about it screams quality. Putting this on the top of my list of cigars to buy again and keep on hand. It's cheap enough, mild enough & looks good enough to hand out to friends who may be trying cigars for the first time. Perfect for the beginner just learning how to enjoy the hobby, with enough interesting taste & visual appeal to still interest the veteran.
Insidious has an absolutely gorgeous smooth creamy wrapper that is perfectly flawless. There is tons of billowy smoke, and the ash held for at least 2"" all the way thru, allowing for a nice cool smoke with an easy open draw. I don't have the refined taste of most cigar smokers...I don't taste 50 things in each stick. Usually just 1 or 2. To me this started out with a very mild coffee-ish flavor, and got a little stronger as it progressed thru the cigar. The flavor was very pleasant all the way down to the end. I thoroughly enjoyed every bit of this extremely well made hand-crafted jewel.
Took me an hour & a half to finish this. It was a long smoke, so enjoy it like I did, on the front porch enjoying perfect weather, a quality cigar, a cup of coffee & a good book."
Asylum Insidious Habano,4 out of 5,Sweet burn,Very nice cigar taste awesome and burned even. Will be getting more of these.
Asylum Insidious Habano,5 out of 5,Best budget cigar,Best budget cigar I've found --- great flavor for an AWESOME price!!
Asylum Insidious Habano,5 out of 5,Great cigars,They are great! I'm ordering more.
Asylum Insidious Habano,5 out of 5,Satisfied,Great Cigars
Asylum Insidious Maduro,5 out of 5,Very well satisfying,Very well satisfying
Asylum Insidious Maduro,5 out of 5,Insidious Maduro Tora,"I love this cigar, it has become my every day go to cigar!"
Asylum Insidious Maduro,5 out of 5,It's a great cigar.,"Great name; great taste; great price. It's insane, um... insidious."
Asylum Insidious Maduro,5 out of 5,Great savings!,Love this site. Painless ordering experience and fast shipping.
Asylum Insidious Maduro,5 out of 5,My best smoke,"Can't get enough of this cigar
The mildly sweet tip makes it perfect"
Asylum Insidious Maduro,5 out of 5,A pleasant enjoyable smoke.,"I thought this was a nice, wonderful smoke. I got one of these as part of a sampler. I didn't have high hopes but I was pleasantly impressed. The sweet taste of the wrapper was just right and pairs well with a cabernet."
Asylum Insidious Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigars,"These look like they would be strong flavored cigars, but they are just the right blend to make a great tasting smoke."
Asylum Insidious Maduro,4 out of 5,Nice smooth smoke especially for,Nice smooth smoke especially for the price.
Asylum Insidious Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent evening 'daily',"These are impressive cigars, especially at this price point, and for that I give them five stars.
The Maduro is just a tick up the strength meter from the Connecticut Insidious. Slight cocoa and notable spice, a slightly sweetened tip that doesn't interfere. Consistent construction and draw box after box."
Asylum Insidious Maduro,4 out of 5,Great Smoke But Construction Issues,I love the flavor profile of this stick. The initial sweetness is great. I would give this cigar 5 stars if it were not for an issue that I have run across with many of the Asylum products. They tend to canoe in the first 1/4 of the stick.
Asylum Insidious Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"Draw is good, plenty of flavor, all around a good smoke"
Asylum Insidious Maduro,5 out of 5,Asylum Insidious Maduro,"I rally enjoy the full bodied tastes in this cigar. It burns well and lasts a long time. Only one drawback, they flake a lot. But the good far outweighs this minor thing. I'll definitely be purchasing more!"
Asylum Insidious Maduro,4 out of 5,The perfect hint of sweetness.,This was an enjoyable cigar. I like the perfect touch of sweetness in the tip. It had an even burn and great flavor.
Asylum Insidious Maduro,1 out of 5,Asylum Insidious Maduro,"I've had Asylums I really liked, but a white owl with a plastic mouth piece
would have been better."
Asylum Insidious Maduro,5 out of 5,Great (and I mean great) daily cigar,"A very interesting cigar. Rich flavors including cocoa and light spice. A slightly sweetened tip that is pleasant but doesn't interfere. Consistently excellent construction, draw and burn (I'm on about my 8th box now). I give them two weeks in the humidor and they're hot to go. The quality, taste and reasonable price gets this one 5 stars."
Asylum Insidious Maduro,5 out of 5,great cigar for the money,great cigar for the money
Asylum Insidious Maduro,4 out of 5,overall a good deal,"not moist enough, the humidor will fix that. The sweetness on the end did not last the entire stick but overall it was worth the price. I prefer a more full flavor. if you like is mild, you would like this one"
Asylum Insidious Maduro,4 out of 5,pretty good!,light bodied maduro good flavor. cap slightly flavoured. I enjoyed it.
Asylum Insidious Maduro,5 out of 5,Incidious Maduro,Great everyday cigar.
Asylum Insidious Maduro,5 out of 5,Great,"Awesome Cigar has a sweet type wrapper, great smoke great taste all around inexpensive everyday Cigar."
Asylum Nyctophilia,5 out of 5,Favorite cigar,Favorite cigar
Asylum Nyctophilia,5 out of 5,My new go to,"My new go to stick. For me, this fits everything I look for in a good cigar. The construction is great, burn was spot on, and the flavors lasted all the way through. Nice pepper that stays with you throughout the entire time. I've noticed this has been my go-to cigar for the past few months. You will not be disappointed."
Asylum Nyctophilia,4 out of 5,The Dark Is Fantastic,"A great dark flavor of wood, coffee and spice. Love the gordo size!"
Asylum Nyctophilia,5 out of 5,great smoke,great smoke
Asylum Straight Jacket,5 out of 5,RSN,Just had my first stick. One of the most enjoyable ones i have had in a while! Nice burn and flavor! Will buy again.
Asylum Straight Jacket,5 out of 5,Straight jacket!!!,This thing had me pinned to the chair! So freaking good! Definitely recommended!
Asylum Straight Jacket,5 out of 5,awesome smoke,This is probably one of the best cigars I've ever had. I will definitely buy more.
Asylum Straight Jacket,5 out of 5,Wish come true,Great cigar always wanted to try one now I have thanks
Asylum Straight Jacket,5 out of 5,Awesome cigar!,Just an all around great cigar!! Smooth draw and plenty of smoke. My go to cigar when I stop for a break on my motorcycle.
Asylum Straight Jacket,5 out of 5,Perfection with a single malt,"A wonderful full flavored cigar, flavor lasts from beginning to end. Excellent width, compliments an 14 y/o single malt to perfection."
Asylum Straight Jacket,5 out of 5,Asylum Straight Jacket,The flavor of this stick is incredible. Nutty and smooth and delicious !
Avanti,5 out of 5,Tasty,Tasty
Avanti,5 out of 5,Very tasty,Very tasty
Avanti,5 out of 5,Big little cigar,"perfect for when I don't have time for a long smoke, great flavor and the ladies love the way they smell!"
Avanti,5 out of 5,QUICK DELIVERY,QUICK DELIVERY
Avanti,4 out of 5,Quality everyday cigar.,Quality everyday cigar.
Avanti,5 out of 5,"Great little cigar, taste is","Great little cigar, taste is great."
Avanti,4 out of 5,Aswesome smoke,"Great little cigar, smooth and smoked cool as well. Great licorice taste. Definite buy again"
Avanti,5 out of 5,Very good for a quick,Very good for a quick enjoyable smoke
Avanti,5 out of 5,very good for the price,very good for the price
Avanti,3 out of 5,Get past the initial stench & they're not bad!,"As soon as you get these, remove them from their wrappers and get 'em in your humidor!
The initial smell may nauseate you but give them time to mellow. They're really not bad, similar to Bandidos mild & sweet, my go to backyard cigar."
Avanti,5 out of 5,Nose turned up and tastebuds sent soaring!! Yahtzee!! Unexpectedly Great smoke!!,Purchased a 50 box thinking that if I liked black licorice I’d def have to give these a try. Upon receiving them found the open box odor especially not tantalizing even kind of strange on the nose like a wild animal had been let out of its cage🦍🧦. I was thinking that I just made a mistake and was ready to write these little sticks off at first scent. But was about to head off to work and decided to light one up.....for the drive and expected to toss it before approaching the first block from the house. But to my amazement glory!!!! 😁 first taste was totally worth the roll of the dice! Wow very great on the pallet! Tastes just like black licorice with a hint of menthol mint leaving the mouth feeling cool and very fresh👌🏽🤷🏻‍♂️🔥🔥. I was very surprised and this made me happy! Remember not to judge a book by its cover or smell ha! I will be enjoying these weekly I’m sure if not biweekly!! Very cool and pleasant tasty smoke!!
Avanti,3 out of 5,avanti box,"I ve been smoking these for years, really like them but the last couple deliveries had quite a few cracked cigars which was frustrating and disappointing but for that I would have given them five stars, thankyou LAN."
Avanti,5 out of 5,Nice little cigar.,"Maybe a true aficionado might not care for them, but for a quick everyday cigar, they’re great."
Avanti,5 out of 5,Avanti,Best deal for these great short smokes.
Avanti,5 out of 5,keeps da skitters away,my fishish gar awesome
Avanti,5 out of 5,Good smoking,Good smoking
Avanti,5 out of 5,Avanti,great little cigar
Avanti,5 out of 5,Delight,Extremely good tasting cigar for the time spent.
Avanti,4 out of 5,Very good cigars!,Very good cigars!
Avanti,5 out of 5,Love the Avanti good price,Love the Avanti good price
Avanti,4 out of 5,avanti,good smoke could be better made
Avanti,4 out of 5,As advertised...,As advertised...
Avanti,5 out of 5,"Needed like a ""hammer"" in a toolbox","...fantastic licorice-flavored smoke...delicious if you enjoy sweet change-up!!! Every cigar enthusiast must have in rotation and quick smoke, like a hammer in to a tool box. ...a ""must-have"" on hand! For me...though, I do think these little buggars are rolled too tightly...for many have ""hard draw, but no biggie"""
Avanti,5 out of 5,Good as advertised,Good as advertised
Avanti,4 out of 5,Black liquorich,"If you like black liquorich, this tasty little smoke is for you!"
Avanti,5 out of 5,perfect size and great smell,my husband loves these cigars and so do I because they smell so good and he likes the smaller size sometimes for a change
Avanti,4 out of 5,I'll wait for the price to come down.,"One of my faves, but the price went up 25%. I'll wait..."
Avanti,4 out of 5,Avanti Vanilla,Not bad at all.
Avanti,5 out of 5,Smoked them for years and,Smoked them for years and always liked them
Avanti,5 out of 5,Avanti,"They are great, love the flavor. Smoke them while driving for work. Also love Gurka cigars, but not while I'm driving, not enough time to enjoy ."
Avanti,5 out of 5,"Subtle Infusion, Maximum Enjoyment","If you're not into super-sweet infused sticks, don't be turned off by the ""Vanilla"" in the title. Despite the addition of some flavor, it's a good vanilla, a pure vanilla, more akin to vanilla extract. It's not a candyesque or fake vanilla. It's not overly sweet but adds a wonderful taste and scent. In terms of quality, I maybe had a small issue with one or two sticks in the entire box. But Avanti is good with quality and generally very consistent. They are the brand to get if you're looking for smaller smokes. Pull the trigger on these; they're fantastic!"
Avanti,1 out of 5,avanti review,I been smokin these cigars a while and lately they been very bad they are so dried out that they brake apart
Avanti,3 out of 5,Cigars were hard an dry,Was disappointed with purchase. Too dry hard to smoke
Avanti,5 out of 5,Always like them.,Always like them.
Avanti,3 out of 5,Avanti,The box u sent wasn't all anisette.Some cigars didn't draw well.I am not impressed.
Avanti,5 out of 5,Avanti,"Wonderful as a cigar smoker i can appreciate a good quick smoke to tide me over until my next cigar. Thanks for having them available, the flavors not bad either."
Avanti,5 out of 5,They are great!,They are great!
Avanti,4 out of 5,Avanti Box Singles,"Quality control in the manufacturing process has slipped over the years.
Littles holes in the outer wrapper allows them to burn unevenly. This never used to be the norm with these cigars, but it is now and has been a problem for some time."
Avanti,4 out of 5,Avant,Great little cigar after dinner with nice cold drink
Avanti,5 out of 5,Favorite smoke,My husband loves these cigars for a relaxing smoke and I enjoy the smell.
Avanti,5 out of 5,Avanti,"Always pleasant smoke, very happy with my purchase, sometimes Cigars have cracks and holes"
Avanti,5 out of 5,This is a great tasting cigar.,"Tastes good, smells good, mild."
Avanti,5 out of 5,Long Time User,"I smoke different cigars, but for a refreshing change, the Avanti is one of the best. It has a great flavor, but it will get you a little high from the Liqueur in them. Still one of my best smokes."
Avanti,5 out of 5,Vanilla Avanti Cigars,"Good little cigars, great taste, stay lit while you are active, and individually wrapped for freshness."
Avanti,5 out of 5,A anti in box better,A anti in box better than the loose ones
Avanti,5 out of 5,Beautiful aroma with a great deal.,"I've been buying Avanti anisette cigars for quite some time now and this is the best deal for them. Even the misses likes the aroma and hates other cigar smoke, like most people do. A little tough keeping them lit but a nice, quick smoke. I like to compare the looks of them to Clint Eastwood's stogie's in the spaghetti western movies of the 60's.
Shipped right to your door. Can't get better than that. ENJOY!"
Avanti,5 out of 5,Love these little things!,"Most little cigars don't last more than 20 minutes or so (my experience). These are real cigars that last considerably longer and maintain real flavor, apparently because of the choice of tobaccos and simple hand-rolled design. If you don't like the scent of anise, don't by these. I don't recommend you put them in a humidor with your other premiums - the scent from these are bound to overwhelm them!"
Avanti,5 out of 5,Great quick smoke,Great quick smoke
Avanti,5 out of 5,After dinner cigar,The Avanti is my all-time favorite after dinner cigar it’s full of flavor and well-made at a great price.
Avanti,5 out of 5,Avanti,"Been smoking these anisett (licorice) flavored cigars for years.
Enjoy them when you don't have time for a full toro."
Avanti Ramrod,5 out of 5,Good smoking cigar,Good smoking cigar
Avanti Ramrod,5 out of 5,Great Reasonably Priced Everyday Cigar,I have been smoking these Ramrod’s off and on since 1974. I wouldn’t stick with them if they weren’t good!
Avanti Ramrod,5 out of 5,Ramrod,Best I have had recently. CI have the freshest! Buy here!
Avanti Ramrod,4 out of 5,Ram Rod,Great everyday smoke
Avanti Ramrod,4 out of 5,Great flavor good smoke sometimes,Great flavor good smoke sometimes rolled a little tight but nothing that's a deal breaker
Avanti Ramrod,5 out of 5,Best smoke for the best price,"These cigars are awesome, I love the flavor."
Avanti Ramrod,4 out of 5,Tasty cheroot,"Bought these to tide me over until banditos come back into stock. Much tighter rolled with almost a menthol aspect. Good little smoke for fishing, light chores around the yard, etc."
Avanti Ramrod,5 out of 5,Cheroots,Good cigar I miss the Swisher Outlaws before they repackaged and resized them
Avanti Ramrod,5 out of 5,Ramrod Deputy,"The ones I bought recently were great, what a difference from the last ones I bought. I will buy them again and hopefully they will be as good as the last ones I bought!"
Avanti Ramrod,5 out of 5,Ram Rod Kings,"I can't say enough great things about these cigars. They are flavorful, mild, do not burn too fast or too slow and are perfect for daily breaks or if stuck in traffic. In the beginning I was partial to the Parodi Kings, but once I've discovered the RoamRod, nothing else will do. Flavor is just right. Highly recommend them to anyone who needs a fantastic cigar at a great price point."
Avanti Ramrod,5 out of 5,Avanti ramrod,Great little smoke I cut them down to whatever size I want 10 minutes smoke 15 minutes nice aroma
Avanti Ramrod,5 out of 5,Ramrods,Fast service and as described. 5 Stars!
Avanti Ramrod,5 out of 5,Ramrods,"They are a great, very good conversational smoke."
Avanti Ramrod,3 out of 5,Don't taste like bourbon to this Kentucky kid,"--> Brian H, to me they tasted like bubble gum. Big disappointment as I'm a bourbon-loving Kentuckian. I prefer the anisette flavor."
Avanti Ramrod,5 out of 5,"My Favorite ""Every Day"" Cigar for 44 Years","I have been smoking these since 1974 when I discovered them at a truck stop in Breezewood PA! They came in and out of my life as I moved around the county and I was able to find them. I recall there was a tobacco shop on King Street in Old Town Alexandria that I frequented in the 80's that use to take the RamRods out of the packaging and put them in a fancy box in their humidor, call them ""Virginia Cheroot"" and charged 5 times as much for them... . Anyway, I found them at a shop in Steubenville Ohio a few years ago and they became my everyday cigar. When I started doing work during the week in Tunkhannock PA I decided to look them up on the internet when I ran out of my stash and discovered to my pleasant surprise that the Avanti factory was in Scranton PA - 30 minutes away.... Yipee! I started buying them from the factory until I went back to Steubenville. Then I looked around the internet and found that the best price was on Cigars International. I have good luck ordering a couple of boxes every few months and only once can I recall they were out of stock. Give them a try - you won't be disappointed. I smoke them regularly when working in the used bookstore my wife and I own in Downtown Steubenville (BookMarx Bookstore) and I get a lot of comments from folks who comment on the good aroma!"
Avanti Ramrod,5 out of 5,Best Smoke Ever,Excellent
Avanti Ramrod,5 out of 5,I have been smoking Avanti Brands for over 20 Years This Is My Favorite.,I enjoy the rich flavor of this cigar. It reminds me of dark tobacco leaf cigars.
Avanti Ramrod,5 out of 5,Awesome smokes!!!,"I order these every year for my annual week long fishing trip and they never fail me. Good smokes for things like fishing or sitting on your front porch after a long day at work. Only thing is I don’t know how to keep them moist, as the bourbon in the cigars do tend to evaporate quickly"
Avanti Ramrod,5 out of 5,OK Cigar,These are great for having a short smoke.
Avanti Ramrod,5 out of 5,Good Cigar,Best dry cured cigar. Smoked them for many years. Flavored with bourbon.
Avanti Ramrod,5 out of 5,Nice tasty small cigar,"These cigars can be a bit strong to some folks, but they do have a good flavor. they smoke slow for a small thin cigar. I like them best when working outside or enjoying the outdoors."
Avanti Ramrod,5 out of 5,Far from what they used to be,"Last nought these 2 years ago. In that time, this cigar has gone the way so many others have in order to maintain a price point. While the price has gone up only slightly, the cigar has also dropped in quality and build equally. To start, ring gauge now fluctuates wildly at the same time less tobacco appears to be used per cigar. Soft rolls, quality control in general has crossed off another cigar off the list for me. I can understand price increases, but I can't abide by manufacturers cheapening the product in content and quality in order to maximize profits. Sadly this seems to have happened years ago to another popular brand as well and likely many others I haven't smoked. Either way, no more parodi for me."
Avanti Ramrod,5 out of 5,Loved these for decades!,"I have been burning these babies down for decades! When you pry open the box for the first time, the aroma is intoxicating, pardon the pun. It is a wonderful bourbon whiff, not bubble gum, as some have stated. Also, one reviewer mentioned them being hard to draw and put them in a humidor.....big mistake! These are DRY CURED cigars! They are not meant to be humidified. You can keep them in your fridge, but NOT in your humidor. Of course they will plump up when humidified and make them impossible to smoke. Give them another try and keep them out of your humidor, please!"
Avanti Ramrod,5 out of 5,they are the best rough,they are the best rough rolled cigar I have smoked.
Avanti Ramrod,5 out of 5,LOVE MY RAMRODS,WAS SO HAPPY TO FIND THEM AND FOR A GREAT PRICE
Avanti Ramrod,4 out of 5,A cigar that will wake you up in the morning.Strong and Tasty,"while these cigars may be a bit too strong for many folks they have a tremendous flavor and are tightly wrapped for a slow smoke. These are my go to cigar for when I am in the shop or working outside on a project. Or the perfect cigar to go with a beer while cooking out on the grill.
GRIZZ"
Avanti Ramrod,5 out of 5,"Easy, Fast and Economical",I have put 4 or 5 orders in over the past year and each one has been delivered quickly with frech cigars. No complaints here!
Avanti Ramrod,2 out of 5,"Great tobacco, poor draw","These are great cigars--when you get one that draws. They are very tightly rolled, so if you put them in a humidor, they will swell shut. Nipping off the foot and drawing from the head fixes the problem sometimes. The generous length does mean you have room to experiment. But I don't think I'd order again."
Avanti Ramrod,5 out of 5,could not be easier,could not be easier
Avanti Ramrod,5 out of 5,I love Ramrod,I guess I am not the most cigar savvy person but I love Ramrods and all the Aventi cigars I have tried. The only draw back being the cigars sometimes burn funny. I love the flavor!
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,Lovely Cigar,Must try at this price! Well constructed and just a beauty of a cigar.
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,ave maria,Thought I'd give them a try. Too strong for me.
Ave Maria,4 out of 5,Solid choice,"Burned consistently with good flavor. Some splitting under the label, but that could've been me. Overall I would enjoy these again."
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,To strong for me,To strong for me
Ave Maria,4 out of 5,Smooth stick,"Very open draw, even burn and does not get hot until you are down to the clip. Only negative is burns eveny, but quickly. Typical smooth Ave"
Ave Maria,3 out of 5,Good smoke . A good,Good smoke . A good go to cigar .
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,Excellent Mild Flavor ENJOY!!!,Excellent Mild Flavor ENJOY!!!
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,Great selection of sticks,Great selection of sticks
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,Knights Templar,A nice smoke.
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,Ave Maria,A very nice smoke.
Ave Maria,4 out of 5,Lovely cigar,Lovely cigar
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,A great smokes,A great smokes
Ave Maria,4 out of 5,Nice cigar with a good,Nice cigar with a good burn
Ave Maria,4 out of 5,Not to bad,Not to bad
Ave Maria,4 out of 5,Very Good,A good cigar. Would buy again.
Ave Maria,4 out of 5,Nice smooth smoke that won't,Nice smooth smoke that won't break the bank
Ave Maria,4 out of 5,I’m not an expert. I,"I’m not an expert. I purchase my cigar when their on sale
I do like the taste of them, but they go soft whiling smoking making the end collapse."
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,Nice cigar,"good construction, nice draw."
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,A favorite -good quality & taste & construction.
Ave Maria,4 out of 5,A very nice smoke,A very nice smoke
Ave Maria,4 out of 5,Review,"Nice smoke! Good flavor, smooth taste."
Ave Maria,4 out of 5,Punch AD & Ave Maria KT,"I enjoy a maduro cigar because of the flavor and the Punch After Dinner brings it and I rarely have a problem with how it burns. Its also a good price for the quality and size.
I smoke the Ave Maria Knights Templar as a change of pace and when I want something a little lighter, but not too much lighter, than my standard Punch maduro. It is a very smooth smoking cigar and burns well."
Ave Maria,4 out of 5,Satisfying,Satisfying
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,AJ Fernandez has become my,AJ Fernandez has become my favorite cigar. The whole AJ Fernandez collection
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,AJ never misses. Can't go,AJ never misses. Can't go wrong with any of his cigars.
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,Good Smoke,Good Smoke
Ave Maria,4 out of 5,Soft and pleasant cigar,Soft and pleasant cigar
Ave Maria,4 out of 5,Very nice,Smooth and subtle with a heavy tone and easy smoking
Ave Maria,4 out of 5,Thumbs up,Thumbs up
Ave Maria,4 out of 5,Nice smoke,Nice smoke
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,Good deal,Great smokes- great price
Ave Maria,4 out of 5,Strong flavor and cool long,Strong flavor and cool long pulls of smoke
Ave Maria,4 out of 5,Good medium bodied cigars,Good flavor and easy draw
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,Winner,"Well constructed, easy draw, plenty of smoke and great flavor."
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,Unique,"Robust & Spicy, a fantastic smoke!"
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,Awesome,Awesome
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,Smokes,Awesome smokes!
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,Great,"Had one right out of the package and wasn’t impressed, too light, lacked flavor. Ten or so days later had another and it was the complete opposite experience. I was amazed at how awesome these are. Gave one to my buddy and he loves them too. Overall a great medium bodied feeling smoke with a great aroma and taste... just make sure they age a bit in your humidor first!! I will definitely be exploring this brand more."
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,Nice,Nice
Ave Maria,4 out of 5,"They are ok, not tight","They are ok, not tight"
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,Delicious.. smooth..,Delicious.. smooth..
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,Mellow cigar,"Nice mellow cigar, excellent draw, and great taste."
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,Smooth cigars enjoyed everyone of,Smooth cigars enjoyed everyone of them
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,Ave Maria Crusaders,Excellent Cigars
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,Another great cigar from Ave!,Another great cigar from Ave!
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,Little known hit..,One of my favorites.
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,One of my favorite everyday,One of my favorite everyday smokes.
Ave Maria,4 out of 5,Like the song,"Good flavor, consistent burn, medium to full"
Ave Maria,5 out of 5,Good smoke. Always been a,Good smoke. Always been a fan of Ava Marias. Only down fall is that I got the short sticks instead of the long sticks! Highly recommend. Recommend the sample pack of 5 ava Maria and 5 Gurkha beauty. Two of my fav cigars
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,"smooth, creamy","smooth, creamy"
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Great flavor!,Great flavor!
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Ave Maria Argentum,"Daily mainstay, works for me."
Ave Maria Argentum,4 out of 5,Smooth and flavorful,Smooth and flavorful
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,I really enjoyed this cigar,I really enjoyed this cigar would buy again
Ave Maria Argentum,4 out of 5,Good smoke.,Tad spicy on light. Mellows into toasty cocoa. Very pleasant finish
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,I love these and the price is right!!
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Great cigar! CI is still,Great cigar! CI is still the best value and the best in customer service.
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Awesome cigar,"Another great Ave Maria from AJ Fernandez. Great smoke , medium with a phenomenal finish. Highly recommend."
Ave Maria Argentum,4 out of 5,"Good smoker, easy draw and","Good smoker, easy draw and even burn. A great cigar at a great price."
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,"Excellent cigar ,easy draw,the only mistake I made should have gotten them longer,very enjoyable!"
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Awesome,Awesome
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Never disappointed with this choice.,Never disappointed with this choice.
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,"One of my all time favorites, a truly enjoyable smoke !!",One of my all time favorites. Just a truly enjoyable cigar !!!
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Awesome Cigar! cool looking as well!,"Really great smoke, goes really nice with a good German Bavarian Beer. The Templar Knight on the cigar band just looks cool!"
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Heavy duty Maduro,"Maduri Powerhouse.. it’s rare that a Maduro punches me in the mouth with flavor, but these are a serious smoke. Great looking stick, excellent draw and construction. Will buy again."
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,A Reliable Choice,"Good, strong flavor that remained consistent until the end."
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Would Get Again,"Nothing bad to say about these. Good flavor from start to end. Excellent construction that's easy to smoke with long ashes. I accidentally ordered 10 of these, but what a happy accident it was!"
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Awesome,"Love this cigar! Draws a little tight starting off,but opens up once you get past the foot. After that, you’re in for an hour of tasty goodness. Highly recommended!"
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,This stay's in my rotation,"Slow burning , smooth taste , one of my favorites"
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,skydive in to this one,yippy kai yay this is as good as it gets
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,meaty chew toy,"This was a hearty slow burning cigar with a crisp ash. For those that like to chew on their cigar as they smoke, it was meaty and flavorful. Paired with a cup of coffee I enjoyed the flavor profile down to the nub."
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Lovely Cigar!!,"I truly enjoy this cigar. I tend to prefer the Morning Star (Perfecto) shape and it provides a VERY SMOOTH smoke with a medium-to-medium-full body--closer to medium than medium-full. The taste is slightly sweet with almost no bitterness whatsoever (a real plus)!! I get the flavors of charred wood, dark coffee, and a hint of spice--and the smoke aroma is quite pleasant. There is an aftertaste that I cannot specifically define (a bit herbal) that I also find quite interesting. Not necessarily the best cigar I've ever smoked, but it's still a ""Lovely Cigar""!"
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Ave Maria Argentum,"Excellent smoke, perfect Maduro. One of my favorites when I can get them at a reasonable price."
Ave Maria Argentum,4 out of 5,Surprisingly Good.,"This cigar is very good. I got it in a sampler and I wasn't sure of what I was purchasing because I had never smoked one of these before. After I lit it, it started kind of spicy and strong, but after 5 minutes it got smooth and nice. Love it and I'll buy it again."
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,outstanding smoke!,outstanding smoke!
Ave Maria Argentum,4 out of 5,BOOM,"This is a great looking ""Stick"", beautiful Maduro wrapper. Excellent cold draw, hints of sweetness and barnyard. Great draw and combustion all through out. Highly recommended!!!"
Ave Maria Argentum,4 out of 5,Yummy,Great cigar well worth the price!!
Ave Maria Argentum,4 out of 5,Great experience,"Beautiful appearance and construction, oily looking Maduro wrapper. Cold draw notes of fruits and camphor (lightly). Good draw with a better combustion, burnt and smoke outtake was outstanding. Nice transition, flavors from wood, spices and a touch sweet..."
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Great price,"One of my favorite smokes smooth an tasty,great after work smoke ,Gene B."
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Ave Maria argentum,"Great flavor, smoked nice . Would recommend to others. Thanks for the deal."
Ave Maria Argentum,4 out of 5,Flawless construction,"I got a free 10 pack box of Argentum Morning star with the Ave Maria top 10 sampler. I’m just not getting to the last 5 6 months later and I have had no issues what so ever with any part of the cigar, construction or performance. The flavors are not in my preferred wheel house, but the cigar is excellent. A taste of dried leafs at the initial light, but it quickly fades into a chocolatey oak flavor, profile is pretty consistent til the nub. A few additions along the way. But if you like the darker tastes and rich smoke then this is a prefect smoke to try."
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,I am not a big,I am not a big maduro fan I find many have a strong and hardy taste profile that a don't prefer. I like this one. I find it be smooth and medium strength. If I am asked to recommend a maduro it's Ave Maria Argentum or Brick house maduro.
Ave Maria Argentum,4 out of 5,Great taste,Great tasting smooth taste all the way down would buy again
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Outstanding,Outstanding
Ave Maria Argentum,4 out of 5,Ave Maria Argentum Robusto is,"Ave Maria Argentum Robusto is nice, easy draw"
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Ave Maria,This is a top quality smoke and at the top of AJ Fernandez Man O' War
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Ava maria,Packaged perfectly
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,just starting to smoke and,just starting to smoke and all the ones that I have order are so great thank you
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Amazing Smoke,"AJ Fernandez is truly a gifted genius in his trade. The texture, the complexity, the taste, the burn is of the Ave Maria amazing. Truly priceless."
Ave Maria Argentum,4 out of 5,Every Day,Quality smoke. My wrappers were really dry when I got them but I was able to hyper hydrate them in the humidor. A very nice smoke for a weekday.
Ave Maria Argentum,4 out of 5,Nice,Nice
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Cool,This was a cool smoke
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Ave Maria,"Excellent cigar, I will be buying more."
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,VERY SMOOTH GREAT BURN,VERY SMOOTH GREAT BURN
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Brilliant cigar,Plenty of flavor. Just gets better as it goes
Ave Maria Argentum,4 out of 5,Juicy,Juicy
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Full flavor. Quick delivery just,Full flavor. Quick delivery just as promised.
Ave Maria Argentum,5 out of 5,Great taste and good burn.,Great taste and good burn. A great end of the day cigar!
Ave Maria Dark Knight,5 out of 5,Best Ave Maria yet!,"Fantastic cigar. The wrapper has a leathery feel similar to Padron. Very smooth and tasty from the first draw all the way down to the nub. I will say that I had to relight a couple of times and the draw was tight at the beginning, but it opened up nicely and the taste trumped any of these minor issues. I'm not good at describing flavor notes but I will agree with those who taste chocolate and coffee. All I know is that I liked it a lot."
Ave Maria Dark Knight,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar!,"Another winner from A. J.! Tremendous flavors, balance, construction, and draw with a near perfect burn. CANNOT PUT IT DOWN!"
Ave Maria Dark Knight,5 out of 5,Fantastic new blend that lives up to the name Ave Maria.,"I didn't know if Ave Maria was capable of outdoing their Reconquista and argentum blends, but I think they might have just succeeded. If not surpassed, The Dark Knight is definitely one of the best.
The construction is fantastic, the draw is consistent between sticks in that it is smooth and reliable, the burn is great, and the flavors ... oh boy, the flavors.
I have found that it is rich with dark chocolate, caramel, a few notes of nuttiness, and a hint of leather and coffee.
Fantastic new stick. I will buy again.
Also hoping they end up making these things in a gordo."
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,GOOD,GOOD
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Unbelievable,Unbelievable
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Divinia,Aways a delightful experience
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Smooth,Just Right
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,My new favorite. Replaces the,My new favorite. Replaces the Aging Room F55 Quattro which you can no longer find out there
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar!,Excellent cigar!
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,A Real Treat,"Though Graycliff 30 year vintage is my preferred brand, these Ave Marias are truly an excellent smoke, even burning and very flavorful down to the stub. Frankly, the fancy double box presentation makes them seem very special and may well influence my response to their taste. It's certainly an impressive way to treat a friend for a special occasion. Highly recommended."
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Great Smokes,A smooth & even burn in every draw.
Ave Maria Divinia,4 out of 5,Good,Good but stronger than I expected
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Fantastic cigar,"A smooth, perfect cigar!"
Ave Maria Divinia,4 out of 5,Thumbs up,"I’ve come to have high expectations of the Ava Maria lines. This one does not disappoint at all. Very smooth with lovely subtle flavors throughout the smoke. Light and enjoyable. I gave 3 away and smoked 2 for myself. A small note, I only give away a cigar if I would recommend it. This one is no exception.
I would highly recommend this for any enthusiast to try at least once. The only reason I give it 4/5 is I have had better at the same price or lower. It is good for sure but not on my top list."
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Great Stciks,These are good AF!
Ave Maria Divinia,4 out of 5,Sweet woody cedar and a bit of cream,"Pre-Light
Warm tobacco/ with almond smell. Medium brown wrapper with a few vines showing. Easy draw, but no real taste coming thru.
First Third
First puff was bitter, and immediately move to a sweet woody flavor, maybe a slight note of cinnamon. The draw is perfect with lots of smoke.
Second Third
Still has the sweet woody cedar and a bit of cream. The burn is good and the ash is loose. You will not be winning any ash contest with this cigar. The flavor is good.
Last Third
Carry the same flavor all the way.
Final Thoughts
I would definitely smoke this cigar again. After the first few puffs the cigar really was very enjoyable."
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Tasty stick!,"One tasty stick! Easy draw, several flavors and a great burn. One of my favorite in my humidor."
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,"Smooth, even smoke right down","Smooth, even smoke right down to a nub. All good."
Ave Maria Divinia,4 out of 5,Great smoke. Hold together well,Great smoke. Hold together well burns evenly. Perfect for a fall day.
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,very nice and tasty cigar,very nice and tasty cigar good from start to finish with no surprise at the end one of my favorites
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Top 5 in my list,Got 2 of these in a sampler pk. wow what can I say.. One of my favorite brands to add to my list .. Nother thing i like about sampler pk is you get to test so many brands with out breaking the bank ..
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Stupendous Flavor with a Fantastic Burn.,"Everytime I went to order this Cigar it was always sold out, I was finally able to get The Ave Maria Divinia and I can not tell you how satisfying this Stogie was, The flavor was mild and left an awesome aroma in the room, it tasted fresh amd flavorful all the way to the nub. Ive smoked a lot of cigars where the burn was lopsided but I have smoked 4 of the Divinia's so far and the burn has been even every time. This is hands down one of the best if not the best Cigar I have smoked over the years. I would recommend that every body needs to try it."
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Shockingly Smooth,Unusually smooth for a cigar like this.
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Awesome Cigar,"One of the best sticks I've ever smoked. Even burn, loads of silky smooth smoke. Flavors just keep coming right to the nub."
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,cigar review,Excellent smoking cigar
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Ave Maria Divinia,"Fantastic smoke, beautiful construction (flawless) Perfect draw and burn. I enjoyed it even more than the Reconquista."
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Ave Maria Divinia,"Possibly the best smoke I have had in a long time. Thank you .. well balanced with a great draw..a little sweetness, rich, but not overpowering. Divinia has an even burn and you can keep it a cool burn. A cigar at peace."
Ave Maria Divinia,4 out of 5,Excellent cigars,One of my favorite sticks. Awesome flavor and flawless burn.
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Great Light Smoke,"This is a smooth, light smoke."
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,GREAT CIGARS!!!!GREAT COMPANY!!!!,"I can't be more happy with these wonderful cigars and at a Great Price.
Thank you Cigars International you are my only source for Cigars."
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Divinia Divine!!,Extremely enjoyable stick. I have bought these several times. A great medium smoke.
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Extremely smooth stick,This is the smoothest stick I have smoked. An instant favorite of mine.
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Waooo,"Lleno todas mis expectativas , muy bueno"
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Wonderful Smoke,"I don’t spend serious money unless the cigar has earned that right. In this case the only way was to try it once and see if it made the cut. I was blown away with this smoke, VERY smooth, ample smoke and great little notes just kept popping up making my satisfaction complete. This is a great smoke, certainly not every day, but I put a few up for when that craving strikes me. Recommend a definite try."
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Would purchase this package again.,Never had these before. Really liked them. Good flavor and a damn good smoke!
Ave Maria Divinia,4 out of 5,For something I never tried,"For something I never tried before,it was good for an afternoon session or with coffee in the morning. Smoked pretty good."
Ave Maria Divinia,4 out of 5,"Smooth, slow , even burn","Smooth, slow , even burn throughout.... a great smoke to sit back and relax to in your favorite lounge chair !"
Ave Maria Divinia,3 out of 5,Okay cigar.,Okay cigar.
Ave Maria Divinia,3 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Ave Maria Divinia,4 out of 5,SOLID,Overall a very enjoyable smoke. The wrap/press is a bit loose and results in frequent ashing. Otherwise very good.
Ave Maria Divinia,3 out of 5,Ave Maria,Not a bad smoke have had these before wouldn't mind smoking them but for the price there's other smokes that are equivalent or better with a lower price
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Good,Good
Ave Maria Divinia,4 out of 5,Enjoyable,Had pretty good flavor. I would buy again if the price was right.
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,"Smooth, great draw. Simply delicious","Smooth, great draw. Simply delicious"
Ave Maria Divinia,4 out of 5,not bad,not bad
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Great great cigar,"Smooth, full of flavor with tremendous balance."
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Great sticks,Pretty good stick with great flavor and draw.
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Great cigars,Great cigars
Ave Maria Divinia,4 out of 5,One bad one,"One cigar had issues with the wrapper, only reason for the decreased rating."
Ave Maria Divinia,4 out of 5,Ave Maria Divinia,"Smooth, mello. Very good for casual cigar smoker."
Ave Maria Divinia,5 out of 5,Would buy,Wonderful taste. Light surprise
Ave Maria Immaculata,4 out of 5,I liked them,I liked them
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Great smoke,A high quality cigar at a very reasonable cost
Ave Maria Immaculata,4 out of 5,Burned very well,Burned very well
Ave Maria Immaculata,4 out of 5,Very good light balance smooth,Very good light balance smooth
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Very mild and delicious cigar,Very mild and delicious cigar
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Love the spiciest,Love the spiciest
Ave Maria Immaculata,4 out of 5,"exciting, and at times surprisingly","exciting, and at times surprisingly good taste."
Ave Maria Immaculata,4 out of 5,"To draw , good burn,","To draw , good burn, good taste"
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Great smoke. Nice and smooth,Great smoke. Nice and smooth with good even butn
Ave Maria Immaculata,4 out of 5,Take with water,Spicier than I would have guessed. Solid smoke.
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,A new favorite,It burns faster than other cigars with an even ash throughout. Its good for a quicker smoke with good flavor and I ended up smoking it down very short.
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Shade king,"Beautiful smoky shade cigar. These hefty cigars give you a great volume of tasty, mild smoke. Very enjoyable."
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Smooth from start to finish,Smooth from start to finish
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,happy,good cigar draws very smooth and consistent
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Solid Cigar,"Very fine cigar. Excellent burn, easy draw. Perfect mild to medium cigar. Would recommend."
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Perfect gift and deal. Got,Perfect gift and deal. Got everything no problems!
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Consistent burn and very smooth.,AM Immaculata a great find and now my solid goto for my customers.
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,An awesome stick would get again in a heartbeat.
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,awesome smoke,awesome smoke
Ave Maria Immaculata,4 out of 5,A very good cigar,"Was a good mild and mellow cigar.Not to strong. This cigar has good flavors. A good cigar to help a beginner understand basics. Also makes a good cigar, as a gift for someone.."
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Ave Maria,"One of the smoothest, tastiest smokes ever."
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Exquisite,"Having accepted the fact all cigars taste pretty much the same (to me), it's rare I happen upon a smoke I appreciate as really-really good. The Ave Maria Immaculate is one such a cigar."
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Awesome smoke. Smooth with good,Awesome smoke. Smooth with good taste
Ave Maria Immaculata,4 out of 5,very nice cigar,very nice cigar
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Great cigar. Need more specials,Great cigar. Need more specials
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,perfect cigars,"perfect cigars, very aromatic, this modul entry in my top 3."
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Awesome Cigar,Great cigar for the price.
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Ave Maria Immaculata Belicosa. Tried,"Ave Maria Immaculata Belicosa. Tried one for the first time and it hadn't had time to rest....Even burn, great taste, looking forward to the next one. Great stick for the price.."
Ave Maria Immaculata,4 out of 5,Ave Maria!,"Great construction, burn, and pack. It's a little spicy and then mellows a bit."
Ave Maria Immaculata,4 out of 5,they're good,they're good
Ave Maria Immaculata,4 out of 5,Nice,Spicy at first with white pepper and then mellows out a bit. Great construction and beautiful band.
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,excellent mellow cigar,A well balanced mellow cigar. Burns and draws well.Very good cigar for the price.
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Very smooth smoke.,Very smooth smoke.
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Very tasty stick,Very tasty stick
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,awesome smoke! very smooth &,awesome smoke! very smooth & burns even. You know you're smoking a quality cigar!!!
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Ava Maria Immaculata,Great smoke! Plan on purchasing more.
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Christmas cigars,Have not gotten in to this last order as they are a stocking stuffer for my husband but both brands have been a favorite in the past.
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Smooth and mild,Smooth and mild
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,I'm not a cigar reviewer,I'm not a cigar reviewer but I never met an Ave Maria I didn't like. A.J. certainly knows cigars
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Ave Maria,Great smoke all the way
Ave Maria Immaculata,4 out of 5,You gotta try these.,"Truly wonderful mild/medium cigar. Sadly, I finished the box, but I just got a 5 pack of the largest size. My favorite blend of all the Ave Maria offerings."
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,Without a doubt my favorite cigar
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Fantastic smoke,First time buyer for these. Was recommended by a buddy of mine. Fantastic smoke. Will be buying again
Ave Maria Immaculata,4 out of 5,Nice Mild Stick.,Nice light smoke with good construction. Notes of cedar and white pepper in the first third. Somewhat uneven burn at the start but self-corrected without a touch up. The second third has a slight fresh baked bread/raisan reduced peper taste and aroma. The last third presented a creamy reduced peper taste.
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Relaxing and Meditative Smoke,"Excellent smoke. Starts mild and a bit nutty, flowing through to a hair shy of medium with similarities to certain Macanudos I've had, minus the creamy texture and flavor. Highly enjoyable, great pull, no touch ups with an even burn. Many subtle sweet and mildly spicy nuanced notes taking place, with a mysterious flavor similar to that of the aroma of an ancient tome (in a good way!). I definitely recommend trying these!"
Ave Maria Immaculata,5 out of 5,Truly a pleasure from start,Truly a pleasure from start to finish.
Ave Maria Immaculata,4 out of 5,Nice cigar,"This is a very good tasting cigar, I feel its of medium body with a good draw, I use a V cut on mine, the cigar usually last me about 1.5 hrs
AJ Fernandez has another winner."
Ave Maria Immaculata,4 out of 5,Very good to excent cigar,Well made. Consistent one to another. Burns well. Stays lit. Taste abit bland.
Ave Maria Immaculata,4 out of 5,Well balanced cigar,Rate it 4.5 Nice cigar but not as good as the Divina
Ave Maria Immaculata,4 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Ave Maria Lionheart,4 out of 5,Not Bad But Expecting More.,"This is my first time out the gate with the Lionheart. On the cold draw I was immediately hit with sweet stone fruit flavors of apricot and peach. Presently I’m on the 1st 3rd and experiencing light pepper,cocoa and some cedar hints, it is quite tasty but not overpowering and not developing as much smoke as I had anticipated . My only real complaint is the wrapper seems very dry as it’s starting to peel and flake the entire length of this stick. To be fair, it may only be this one, I’ll know more on the next one."
Ave Maria Lionheart,5 out of 5,Very good smooth cigar,Very good smooth cigar
Ave Maria Lionheart,5 out of 5,Smooth,Great smoke from start to finish. Great flavor and perfect burn!
Ave Maria Lionheart,5 out of 5,Great stick,Great stick
Ave Maria Lionheart,5 out of 5,I like the shape b,I like the shape b but the smoke was average
Ave Maria Lionheart,4 out of 5,Another quality Ava Maria!,Another quality Ava Maria!
Ave Maria Lionheart,5 out of 5,Ave Maria Lionheart,"These AJ Fernandez’s cigars are an excellent smoke. Smooth, full of flavor, and burn nice and even all the way to the nub. I certainly recommend them!!!"
Ave Maria Lionheart,5 out of 5,Very good,I smoke 3 brands and this is the rotation..diesel..man o war and Ave Maria. Lionheart is a great..great cigar. Very enjoyable.
Ave Maria Lionheart,4 out of 5,Very happy with this cigar,Very happy with this cigar
Ave Maria Lionheart,5 out of 5,Ave!,Great addition to the Ave Maria portfolio. Wonderful flavors.
Ave Maria Lionheart,5 out of 5,excellent cigar -- great value,excellent cigar -- great value
Ave Maria Lionheart,4 out of 5,A really excellent smooth cigar!,A really excellent smooth cigar!
Ave Maria Lionheart,5 out of 5,EXCELLANT MEDIUM SMOKE!,JUST GREAT!
Ave Maria Lionheart,5 out of 5,Ave Maria Lionheart Earl,Ave Maria is always an excellent smoke for the money. I have bought many different sizes and series and they are always consistent and top quality construction.
Ave Maria Lionheart,5 out of 5,Great smoke,one of my go to favorites
Ave Maria Lionheart,5 out of 5,Great,Loved the flavors and taste. Very elegant
Ave Maria Lionheart,5 out of 5,Lionheart - Strong yet Smooth,"Very smooth, despite being on the darker end of the scale!!"
Ave Maria Lionheart,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,"Nicely wrapped, excellent flavor and a nice steady burn"
Ave Maria Lionheart,5 out of 5,A worthy comrade,"Excellent construction, good burn, a worthy addition to the line. Less spice and more cedar/earth than the original Ave"
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,great cigar,this one of my favorite cigars. it has a complex wonderful unique flavor. it's pricey but get it in samplers when available. try one you will love it
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Makes a great gift,I love these cigars. One evening I shared these with two of my best friends. They both loved them too. I bought several of these special boxes for gifts.
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Good taste!,Good taste!
Ave Maria Reconquista,4 out of 5,Nice smoke! Smooth and tasty,Nice smoke! Smooth and tasty
Ave Maria Reconquista,4 out of 5,Fancy Presentation,Liked this smoke of the first one I had. Another high end cigar only to be purchased when on sale. I did remove from all the packaging to place in humidor for a week or two before lighting up.
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Amazing smoke!,I love the Ave Maria Reconquista! It's a great smoke with lots of medium to full flavor. Will definitely order again!
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Great full flavor cigar,Great full flavor cigar
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Good smooth smoke,Good smooth smoke
Ave Maria Reconquista,4 out of 5,I had a great even,I had a great even burn. Great taste too
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Surprisingly mellow,"With such a dark wrapper, I assumed this stick would be harshly strong. I was wrong. I enjoyed it very much. Great cigar for the golf course."
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Awesome cigar,Awesome cigar
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Best deals great selection,Best deals great selection
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Excellent smokes.,Excellent smokes.
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Top notch,Top notch
Ave Maria Reconquista,4 out of 5,Nice full body smoke,Nice full body smoke
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Kickass stogie,Unbelievable cigar arrived in a 2ft long box beautifully packed we smoke this one time you will be blown away what are the best cigars of ever smoked Top Notch the brothers who are lovers of the leaf.
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,CI delivers the Best. Reconquista,CI delivers the Best. Reconquista is a fantastic cigar.
Ave Maria Reconquista,4 out of 5,I really enjoyed the cigar.,"I really enjoyed the cigar. Construction, draw and burn were exceptional. Flavor and complexity throughout the smoking experience."
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,top of the line,"Smooth burn,great flavor,worth every dime."
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,WOW!!!,What a surprise! Great price and what flavor. 18 hole cigar and consistent flavor and perfectly constructed. I want more!
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Exquisite,"These are my favorite line from Ave Maria. They are strong yet smooth, and they have a great draw. The Reconquista is on the pricey side but worth the price for the quality, especially from C.I."
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,"A Cigar that not only looks amazing, but smokes even better!","So I started off smoking cigars around 8 years ago...
Man how the time flies, anyway this cigar was one of my earlier favorites and I always love AJ Fernandez and Nicaraguan cigars were my go to. I also really loved the Warped Cigars and there lineup.
Recently the last year or so I have made the switch to Habanos, mainly Cohiba, Partagas and H. Upmann and they have changed my life.
Every so often I come back to Nicaraguans to cleanse my palate and save money lol.
This cigar still excites me every time, I have not had a bad one. If you smoke cigars daily sometime multiple 2-4 per day you know how rare that is.
It always has excellent construction, burn, aroma, taste, flavors and complete experience.
One of AJ’s true masterpieces!
I’m smiling one right now"
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,A very good cigar!,A very good cigar!
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Ave Maria Fan,The holidays are always a special time and Ave Maria cigars make the holidays even better. AJ knows how to blend a great cigar.
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Phenomenal!!!,Phenomenal!!!
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Reconquista,Well made cigar and very taste is gread
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Ave Marie Family,"Great smoke , excellent burn."
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Fine smoke,Great taste beautiful burn fantastic presentation. Did not disappoint. Happy!
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Beautiful and Fresh,The Cigars came in as expected and was FRESH! I gifted them to some brothers and they really enjoyed them. I got them at a GREAT price as well.
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"Smoked good, great taste"
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,What a smoke,"So good and well made, tastes like a much more expensive cigar, Great packaging, looks beautiful.
It’s somewhat on strong side."
Ave Maria Reconquista,4 out of 5,Online order,"Got these in perfect condition, great smokes not my favorite, but i would defintly buy these again if i could get them on sale again."
Ave Maria Reconquista,4 out of 5,Delicious . Enjoyable . Dark.,Delicious . Enjoyable . Dark.
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,One of my favorites great,One of my favorites great smooth smoke never disappoints
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Incredibly smooth!,Beautifully packaged for a smooth robust cigar. Would buy again.
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,By far my favorite,By far my favorite
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Excellent cigars,Fantastic way to get expensive high end cigars at an affordable price!
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,My number one go to,My number one go to cigar
Ave Maria Reconquista,4 out of 5,"Better, the second time around","Like the tittle implies, the is the second time trying La Reconquista, the first time wasn't good, it burned really bag. This time, thank God, was different, burn was excellent, draw was superb, combustion, outstanding. The rest, well it is a AJ baby, so aroma and taste were great. Still, in my humble opinion, a great cigar, if you can get them with out paying full price."
Ave Maria Reconquista,4 out of 5,"Great presentation, good to verygood cigar",Stayed smooth and full flavored until the nub.
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Crear cigar,"Smooth, favor tull, great construction"
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Ave Maria Reconquesta,This is another great stick by AJ FERNANDEZ. A must try.
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Will buy again,Will buy again
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Ave Maria Reconquista,Ave Maria never disappoints me! This cigar one of their better ones.
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,One of the best,This is a great cigar from AJ Fernandez. Really bold.
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,"Excellent cigar. Full of flavor,","Excellent cigar. Full of flavor, and excellent aroma. Each puff releases a mouthful of rich flavors. Received in cedar caskets was an added bonus."
Ave Maria Reconquista,4 out of 5,"An even draw, medium bodied","An even draw, medium bodied smoke that I found to be very enjoyable. Well crafted and, I'm not going to lie, it's great that they have their own coffins."
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,Ave Maria Reconquista,"This is everything you are looking for in a full flavored cigar. Give it a shot, you won't regret it."
Ave Maria Reconquista,5 out of 5,"My all time favorite cigar,","My all time favorite cigar, the flavor last for hours, women at the bar ask what I’m smoking. They love the aroma"
AVO 30 Years - AVO LE05,5 out of 5,A must have,Just a fantastic smoke
AVO 30 Years - AVO LE05,5 out of 5,AVO 30,Great smoke.
AVO 30 Years LE - AVO Signature,4 out of 5,Like the pepper taste with,"Like the pepper taste with a touch of chocolate and with a glass of angels envy it taste, has you floating up to Heaven"
AVO 30 Years LE - AVO Signature,2 out of 5,Avo 30,"Not good at all, I Avo is my go to stick however this 30 right out the box I could tell the construction wasn’t good no flavor in this smoke. I will let them sit for 6months and see if they get better."
AVO 30 Years Maduro,4 out of 5,Avo Maduro #2,"I’m really glad Avo brought back this cigar but it’s not quite the same. The originals had a creamyer taste and the wrapper was rich and had an oily feel to it. Also the ring size was a little larger but still, this is an excellent cigar."
AVO Classic,3 out of 5,"good, not great..","Light and flavorful, but burns too fast!"
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,My # 1 cigar!!,I bought this cigar a couple months back from a local B&M and I was blown away by the flavor and construction of the cigar. I had to pick up a box so I ordered a box of 20 from CI and I couldn’t be happier. My purchase arrived quickly in a sealed avo robusto cigarbox (original) ... quality of cigars inside are all 10 across-the-board. Thank you CI For these great cigars… With the Notes of sweet cream and graham cracker also a floral aroma Off of the cigar. burn is razor sharp. My favorite cigar I’ve had Mini cigars including Cubans in the past.. And this cigar for my palate wins With flying colors overall.
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,Never disappoints!,"this is my ""special occasion"" cigar. always smokes smoothly, flawless construction, good smoke. a solid 45-minute event that I look forward to!"
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,The best..IMHO,"Yes,they're a bit expensive,but the taste is great.Don't know their aging process,but after about an inch the flavors come out.Burn evenly and taste all the way to the end without getting hot.Enjoy them with my coffee in the A.M."
AVO Classic,4 out of 5,As always AVO does not,As always AVO does not disappoint. These are a must have for my humidor and I suggest you keep some too.
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,Excellent,Wonderful cigar. On the mild side but with great taste from end to end
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,An old friend,"The Avo Classic just rolls into your mouth smooth and rounded, no edges.
The construction is solid easy draw good aroma and nice amount of smoke
I get a litte spice and hint of cedar. I would smoke this cigar all the time if I were a rich man i'm not but CI runs a special occasionally and I can enjoy them"
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,Smoked like a davidoff yes,Smoked like a davidoff yes there made in there factory but some smoke better than davidoff
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,AVO classic robusto,Smooth draw. Even burn. Delicious all the way down to the nub.
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
AVO Classic,4 out of 5,Avo Classic-robusto,"Excellent medium cigar; well-made, easy draw"
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,The ultimate smooth smoke!,The ultimate smooth smoke!
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,Can NOT go wrong,Always a favorite! Can NOT go wrong with AVO classis!
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,Good,Good
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,"Very enjoyable cigar, to me","Very enjoyable cigar, to me better that my old favorite Monte Christo."
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,One of My Favorites!,Overall great cigar...Start to finish!
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,Perfect gift! :),"I got a great deal on these through the make an offer section, and gave them to my brother for Christmas. They looked darker than you usually expect for Avo Classics, so I was a little concerned, but he smoked one Christmas eve and it was perfect. He said it burned clean and smooth the whole way through, and tasted like mocha (that was his dumbed-down version of the taste profile, for a sister who doesn't smoke lol)."
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,avo #6,Good cigar
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,Great cigar.,Great cigar.
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,AVO Classic #2,"Bought 40 of these beauties for my daughter's upcoming wedding. I snuck out a couple to ""pre-screen"" and was wow'ed! Flavor on point and the burn what was I expected from AVO. Keep up the great work, guys."
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,Mild and smooth,"Avoid Robusto is mild, smooth, and just the right length for a 30 minute smoke."
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,always my favorite,"Been enjoying the mild, smooth AVO for years now. The burn is great right down to my fingertips."
AVO Classic,3 out of 5,4 our of 6 so,4 our of 6 so far had defects and could not smoke them!
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,Great cigar,First time having these and I was pleased
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,Great cigars & service,Great cigars & service
AVO Classic,3 out of 5,Quality Control,Too many cigars out of 20 had a very poor draw.
AVO Classic,4 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,#2 gets 5 stars,"Great, smooth, even smoke. My go to cigar."
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,AVO #3,Mild smooth cigar with medium draw depending on cut. A great smoke any day.
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,I like the 4 pack.,#2 is one of my favorite cigars.
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,My Favorite,This has quickly become my favorite cigar. The taste is consistent to the nub.
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,Never Disappoints,Awesome smokes from an awesome service!! CI you’re the best!!
AVO Classic,3 out of 5,Good cigar maybe the wrong size.,Out of the box these cigars were flavorless. If I had rated this when I opened the box I would have gone with a 1 star. With time and patience I have found the flavor to evolve and become a great cigar. It could also be a size issue as I find the toro to smoke better.
AVO Classic,4 out of 5,Good alternative to Davidoff,Found these to be an acceptable alternative to Davidoff....less expensive..try something me!
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,Excellent cigar
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,Avo #2 classics are just fantastic,"I have smoked the Avo #2 Classic for close to 15 years now. It is by far one of my favorites, and I've smoked virtually all of the premium brands. Don't be afraid to spend the money. They are 100% completely worth it."
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,Bravo for AVO,"Smooth from start to finish. Great taste, Great burn with huge white clouds of smoke!"
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,AVO,👍
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,my FAVORITE cigar.,I want a mild cigar with flavor and the classic 2 delivers. Smooth draw and consistent all the way thru
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,My #1,"My favorite cigar. Great flavor, and easy to smoke. Smooth all the way through."
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,My favorite cigar!!,My favorite cigar!!
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
AVO Classic,4 out of 5,Decreasing,"Decreasing quality, change in mixture? Darker and stronger than formerly, looser construction. Once my favorite, not so much now."
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,Good cigar...,Good cigar...
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,One of My Favorites,"Splurged for these to add to my humidor for the next special occasion. I recently tried one and this was one of the smoothest, best tasting cigars I've had to date. Will buy again."
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,Worth every penny!,"Awesome cigar! Well construction, smooth and good burn... The tobbaco leafs were aged by 25 years to make this precious! Worth every penny!"
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,My first but not last,Smooth awesome smoke wish I could have these everyday.
AVO Classic,4 out of 5,AVO Classic No. 2,"I used to smoke the Avo Maduro No. 2 and 3 before discontinued.
Excellent Medium body cigar and smoke.
Unfortunately, Avo has increased the price and lowered the quantity in boxes from 25 to 20. Still a worthwhile cigar to stock in my humidor."
AVO Classic,5 out of 5,simply the best,"I've had oodles of other brands of cigars,some real good and others not at all.The classics are smooth and tasty.You know it's an AVO,they have their own distinct taste.I enjoy 'em in the mornings with my coffee or later with wiskey,wine or tequila.Yes they are a bit pricey,but at my age only the best!"
AVO Domaine,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,"As with other AVO products, this is very well made, has a good draw, and minimal re-lights. I would rate it medium- to medium-full bodied, smooth smoke with a definite Dominican flavor heavy on the wonderful cedar aroma. One of my favorites."
AVO Domaine,5 out of 5,AVO Cigars,Perfectly Balanced! Smooth from start to finish!
AVO Domaine,5 out of 5,Avi Domaine,Great Cigar
AVO Domaine,5 out of 5,5 Star Item!,"These little cigars pack a ton of flavor. If you’re short on time and want a big cigar taste, Avo Domaine is for you! Highly recommend. As usual CI exceeds expectations again."
AVO Domaine,5 out of 5,Heaven,Iv’e Always enjoyed the Domaine line of AVO cigars. I’m so pleased you carry this line of fine cigar. You’ve made me very happy!
AVO Domaine,5 out of 5,Avo Domaine #10,"Always my fallback cigar. if I don't know what I want to smoke, I pick up one of these."
AVO Domaine,5 out of 5,Exceptional,They were excellent smokes. Would recommend to anyone.
AVO Domaine,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,"I bought a 5-pack to try. These are pricey cigars that live up to the AVO reputation. They are very well-made. The aroma is wonderful. As others note, there is initially a strong cedar aroma, very pleasant. In the second half, it is much more complex, more woody, nuts, and a distinct Dominican flavor. I would rate it medium-bodied. At $11/cigar, I'll wait for a special occasion."
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,Avo Heritage Robusto,Great Smoke! Great Price!
AVO Heritage,3 out of 5,Everyday cigar,Not a bad cigar but it was a plain tobacco flavor to me. It was a tough draw with a punch cut. Ended up using the guillotine and it still was a tough draw. I have four more so my hope is that the bad draw was on this one alone.
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,Avo-licious,You can never go wrong with Avo. Always a great smoke!
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,great deal on a top tier cigars.,I'm writing about the AVO mega sampler. A nice mix of the AVO brand. These cigars have always been a favorite of mine and my cigar smoking friends. this sampler has created a little buzz among us. We've never seen these discounted like this anywhere. i (we) hope this continues as a standard item offered by CI. you guys are the best.
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,AVO Herritige Robusto,"A very fine cigar from start to finish. Good draw, excellent flavor, great price!"
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
AVO Heritage,2 out of 5,ok cigar,"not like the avo i used to know. Not much smoke, and some have a bad draw"
AVO Heritage,4 out of 5,Better deal on Cigar Bid,I am in love with the Avo Classic. Purchased these with an good price. But future purchase will be through Cigar Bid..
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,AVO HERITAGE ROBUSTO,A fine cigar
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,amazing service,amazing service
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,"stronger than xo and syncro,","stronger than xo and syncro, but still has that AVO character and quality."
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,Excellent,Best non Cuban on the market
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,"My favorite, thank you for","My favorite, thank you for making it affordable"
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,Very good,Very good
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,Avo,Nice and smooth
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,Avo,It’s a nice short smoke
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,👌,Awesome
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,Absolute Favorites,AVO never disappoints me and my recent purchase was a real treat. Perfect draw and cool taste to the end of the stick. Flavor is consistent as well as burn. You can not go wrong with an AVO
AVO Heritage,4 out of 5,good smoke,"burned evenely, good construction, enjoyable smoke."
AVO Heritage,4 out of 5,clean,clean easy a real good smoke
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,avo purchase,great smoke cant go wrong with an avo
AVO Heritage,4 out of 5,AVO,Decent smoke. I’d buy them again
AVO Heritage,4 out of 5,AVO ENJOYMENT,"Nice smoke. Ned to full body can always count on consistent flavor. One drawback is, that it has a tendency to go out multiple times during my smoke, causing a distraction too the nice flavor I get when burning. But I smoke the because they are good. My actual preference is the AVO Uvezian box press. But all in all the entire selection gets high marks"
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,AVO Heritage Robusto,"One of the nicest cigars I've smoked .Nice easy draw ,even burn ,a lot of smoke .I like to smoke right down to the last possible puff.very short .Didn't get hot until then ."
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar!,A value cigar bold and smooth. A pleasurable smoke.
AVO Heritage,4 out of 5,AVO HERITAGE,GOOD. ACCEPTABLE.
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,Very good,Very good
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,Very good,Very good
AVO Heritage,3 out of 5,Robusto cigars,They do not compete with the Heritage Toro
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Enjoyed this more than the classic but they are all good. Little bit of pepper at the beginning then creamy all the way through.
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,Great deal on a great,Great deal on a great cigar
AVO Heritage,3 out of 5,Good medium smoke...not the best...,Good burn...tight roll...nice smoke...not the best
AVO Heritage,4 out of 5,good cigar,"This is a good cigar. Actually a really good cigar. Solid, rich, a little complex not too much. Great tobacco flavor. No surprises. If you can get it on sale it's a no brainer."
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,AVO Heritage,Handcrafted well balanced from start to finish. Amazing smoke. Paired nice 15yr old Single Malt.
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,Anazing as expected !!!,"I bought the cigars on sale, regret not buying more.
I have alwsys loved Avo cigars, have never smoked a bad one.
The strength varies on the cigars but all of these are worth the money.
Will buy again and again."
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,Great Price,"The Avo's that I've had in the past were excellent and I expect these to be as well. However, they arrived a week ago and it's winter in Chicago. The Avo is too good to light up for a quick winter smoke while I walk the dog and I don't smoke them in the house. Check with me in the spring."
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,Wonderful smokes,Wonderful smokes
AVO Heritage,4 out of 5,Avo Heritage,"Good construction, burns fast, decent everyday cigar, will be ordering another box"
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,Terrific flavor throughout the stick.,Terrific flavor throughout the stick. AVO always has consistent smooth cigars
AVO Heritage,3 out of 5,not bad,A bit too strong for my taste.
AVO Heritage,4 out of 5,Good cigar,"I've only tried one of the 5-pack so far. This cigar is well-constructed, and burns well. It's a good 2-hour smoke. Full-bodied with good Dominican flavor. I was expecting a little more complexity. I think the Avo-Domaine is better."
AVO Heritage,3 out of 5,Stems,Did not expect to get twigs in an AVO cigar. Well you cant win them all. Disappointed
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,Love this one. Avid Avo cigar fan.,"This is one of my all time favorites. Full flavor, creamy apple like sweetness. Velvety spice on the tounge. I give this one a solid 10. It is one of the only cigars I buy by the box. At least one of these a week for me."
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,Great Cigar!!!!!,This is one of my favorite cigars.
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,Avo Heritage Lover,"Wonderful cigar for a real cigar smoker who can appreciate a full bodied cigar. Very well constructed, great even burn and consistent box to box. Only complaint is your shop never has them as a special."
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,Avo,I like the Heritage but I do miss the Madoros.
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,Stellar smoke,Fantastic! But not surprised at all. From start to finish. These are in a special class all by themselves.
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,Outstanding cigar,Outstanding cigar. Great construction and burn. Excellent flavor.
AVO Heritage,5 out of 5,Excellent,"Have always enjoyed AVO cigars and this one does not need to take a backseat to any of their products, enjoying them totally and would be ordering more again."
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Didn’t burn as well as,Didn’t burn as well as I would have liked. Flavor was good.
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,2 out of 5,Box damaged,Box came with the seal already broken. No response from customer service
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,3 out of 5,Right in the Middle,They were OK but not really outstanding. I found that the less expensive Muwat Kentucky Fire Cured cigars filled the bill when it comes to a short but satisfying cigar.
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Favorite,My all time favorite smoke good price and fast shipping. Only thing better is to shop in store.
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Smooth and tasty,Even long smoke all the way thru 😎
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Smooth draw with volumes of,Smooth draw with volumes of smoke
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Excellent,"If you like Nicaraguan blends, this is a great choice. Super smooth and full of flavor."
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,4 out of 5,CAO,"CAO, nice smoke, aren't all of them?
I would definitely buy again."
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,AVO Syncro Nicaragua Robusto,Great cigars at a great price. What's not to love?
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,4 out of 5,4zeller,They were good...slight after taste...but good smoke overall.
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,AVO Nicaragua,AVO sets the bar. Excellent box pressed construction-I highly recommend this one.
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Bought them on sale for the first time and thoroughly enjoyed the cigars. I will buy them again next time around.
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Very nice smoke,AVO is always a good time.
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,4 out of 5,savage swede,good/ smooth
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Avo synchro Nicaragua,Great cigar. Had wanted to try for a while. Bought on sale with free shipping. Great draw and even burn. Very happy. Will definitely buy again
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Beautiful taste and great burn..
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,5 packg,Good deal
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,AVO after hunt cigar,Smooth cigar with lots of good tobacco flavor without being harsh
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great Cigars,All around one of my favorite cigars
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,3 out of 5,Not AVO's best but still pretty good!,a bit bitter along the way. I love AVO's and only like this one.
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Good smokes!,Wish it was a bigger ring size!
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,nice and smooth,nice and smooth
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,AVO,"Pleasantly surprised by the quality! Read several reviews so I decided to include these in a 5 pack bonanza, glad that I did."
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,"Great Deal, Great Cigar",Excellent price for one of the finest cigars made.
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,"The first time I had an AVO, I thought it was one of the best cigars I have ever had.",I still do.
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Fantastic smoke,"Great draw, and flavor. Stays constant throughout the whole experience."
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Avo,Excellent
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,2 out of 5,Get something else,"Maybe the least favorite of all premium cigars I've smoked in 25 years.
Not even sure what to call the flavors I taste.
Tough draw for 60+ minutes."
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,1 out of 5,BAD,smokes dry and hot....really BAD!
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Short and Sweet,Excellent smoke. Burns slowly and smooth. Strong flavor but not harsh. Superior to the Oliva in my opinion. A good choice for a short smoke.
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Repeat Buyer for this cigar,Very Good Cigar
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Excellent,Comparable to higher priced cigars
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,My new favorite,I got one of these as a gift a while back. Decided to grab a whole box of them. These are now my new favorite. Full bodied smoke with a bit of sweetness to them. I'll be keeping my humidor stocked with them at all times.
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke.,Every bit as good as Ramon Allones for half the price.
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great stick!,"I enjoy this cigar most after dinner with cognac. Smooth, relaxing smoke complements the cognac."
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great smoke,My new favorite
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Beautiful and Tasty,"Near perfection. Sweet and spicy taste profile, incredibly smooth with no harshness. Perfect burn and draw. Only one band which I really appreciate. Superb and worth every penny. I have smoked several boxes of this and the the Fogata, like the Synchro better--both are excellent but the flavor profile of the Synchro is more satisfying."
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Arrived in good shape and on time.,"No complaints, except don't expect nice packaging!"
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,tasty,Wish they last longer
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,4 out of 5,THE ONLY PRESSED CIGAR I'VE ENJOYED,"Short and to the point. This cigar feels well made as you hold it in your hand, and is has a fragrance that can cause you to forget to fire the thing up. My only regret is that I didn't notice it was a box press and I really don't care for any of those. Nevertheless, once I got pass the shape it was a fine cigar."
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Love this little smooth smoker.,Love this little smooth smoker.
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Very nice smoke!!,I had the first of these about two months ago and loved it straight away. Bought my second about 6 weeks later and that convinced me. Bought a box and have enjoyed this cigar a few times now....each time getting better.
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great,Amazing short smoke. Perfect
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Avo Syncro- Amazing,"Gotta tell you, this is currently one of my favorite sticks! Love everything about it, the way it's constructed, the aroma and the flavors. Buying a box soon."
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Great,Goood
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Very good cigar
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar,"This now one of my top five cigars!! Great amount of smoke, smooth and creamy. No pepper taste at all. I would say mild to medium but extremely enjoyable"
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar. Very impressed.
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,3 out of 5,Eh... They're Ok,"Bought a five pack to try out before getting a box. I love Avo... Bought a box when my child was born and I love the flavor of Nicaraguan tobacco but this cigar left me disappointed. One stick had a musty flavor and the other was bland. Gave away the rest. I was excited when I saw these but was disappointed. Bottom line, I won't order them again nor will I tell my friends to purchase."
AVO Syncro Nicaragua,3 out of 5,Avo Syncro,"A bit disappointed in this Avo. Much milder than expected, I found very little spice, leather or pepper. The smoke was thin and papery. At its price point, I doubt it will find its way back into my humidor."
AVO Syncro Nicaragua Fogata,5 out of 5,These smoke really well. Great,These smoke really well. Great draw and smooth flavor.
AVO Syncro Nicaragua Fogata,5 out of 5,They were dry when I,They were dry when I got them
AVO Syncro Nicaragua Fogata,4 out of 5,Another Avo gem,"Very good smoke, I get wood leather and slight cinnamon taste slight sweetness but not over bearing.. Will definitely keep a few in my humidor after this box is gone.."
AVO Syncro Nicaragua Fogata,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,I took a box of these to an event and several friends were very pleased. I will be keeping them in my humi from now.
AVO Syncro Nicaragua Fogata,3 out of 5,Not what I expected,"Having smoked the Gordo's,the shorts did not have the same flavor.Will stick to the ""fatties""!"
AVO Syncro Nicaragua Fogata,5 out of 5,Fantastic,I always have Fogata on my humidor. Thats the best for me on AVO lineup.
AVO Syncro Nicaragua Fogata,5 out of 5,Great mild large ring cigar..Very,Great mild large ring cigar..Very pleasing with coffee hints
AVO Syncro Nicaragua Fogata,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,I have always loved AVO cigars but this one is special. Stronger than most but smooth through the finish. My new favorite!
AVO Syncro South America Ritmo,5 out of 5,AVO,"love this cigar
Will always h a very some in my box"
AVO Syncro South America Ritmo,4 out of 5,Very good smoke,Very good smoke
AVO Syncro South America Ritmo,5 out of 5,Glue problem solved,"One of the best cigars iv'e smoked...worth every cent to me.I did have one that seemed to have a little too much glue but learned a trick years ago that has always worked for me...now no one likes the taste of burned paper but if you smoke the stick CLOSE to the band,( don't let it burn the paper) it should get warm enough to somewhat melt the glue and it is much easier to take the band off at that stage...hope this helps as it has always worked for me.Will be looking into a box soon.Highly recommended and although a little pricey,I have not seen them cheaper anywhere else."
AVO Syncro South America Ritmo,3 out of 5,So so,Had much better from this brand. Alittle to earthy tasting and not all that.
AVO Syncro South America Ritmo,5 out of 5,Fantastic cigar,"Incredible stick. I loved the smooth as glass finish. Cedar, coco, and roasted nut throughout."
AVO Syncro South America Ritmo,5 out of 5,Ritmo in house,"I just love this stick, one of my favorites!!!!"
AVO Syncro South America Ritmo,4 out of 5,Nice fascinating blend,"I liked avo fogata and when it comes to multinational blends of tobacco fro South America the Ritmo was worth every penny. The flavors are various and interplay throughout the smoking experience. I bought a box and since I have only begun aging the sticks I can’t really award 5 stars yet however, I wouldn’t doubt in a few months I will give that fifth ⭐️"
AVO Syncro South America Ritmo,5 out of 5,Mighty Fine Cigar,Basically a Davidoff with a different band. Really nice.
AVO Syncro South America Ritmo,4 out of 5,Ago Ritmo Delivers,I tried the new Avo Ritmo. Ordered a five pack. By far one of the best primarily Dominican cigars I have ever smoked. The addition of what I believe are Brazilian tobaccos to the blend gave it an enticing aroma and spicy taste that raised it a cut above. Great as both a morning and after dinner cigar. I ordered the robusta size.
AVO Syncro South America Ritmo,5 out of 5,Ritmo,Great cigar. Top my list for a good full bodied stick with good even burn. Go to.
AVO Syncro South America Ritmo,4 out of 5,Excellent smoke. Smooth easy draw,Excellent smoke. Smooth easy draw and burns beautifully. Able to obtain long symmetrical ashes. No harsh after taste. Will buy again.
AVO Syncro South America Ritmo,5 out of 5,"good taste, nice burn","good taste, nice burn"
AVO Syncro South America Ritmo,5 out of 5,Great smoke!!,Fast becoming one of my favorite smokes. Med/full with a nice richness start to finish. Smooth draw. Excellent cigar
AVO Syncro South America Ritmo,5 out of 5,Awesome Cigar!!,"I bought a box of these and they are now one my favorites. Smooth burning, and good even flavors all the way through. I recommend these and hope they go on sale soon so I can get some more!"
AVO Syncro South America Ritmo,3 out of 5,good tasting but not a,good tasting but not a good burning cigar not worth the hefty price the 4free cigars were better
AVO Syncro South America Ritmo,2 out of 5,cigar band is glued to the cigar.,"I really enjoy this cigar, but I have a big problem with the cigar band. When you try to remove it you find out it is glued to the cigar. To take it off you end up ruining the cigar. I have ruined 3 cigars trying to remove the bands. I tried to contact AVO but their Website won't let me send a message. You have to be a member of the website. I tried to join the website, but it would not let me. I tried to tell then via Facebook but I got no reply. I just gave up and stopped smoking AVO cigars."
AVO Syncro South America Ritmo,4 out of 5,Decent Smoke,"not overly costly,smooth smoke. may want to let sit out a day before lighting. looking forward to trying more from AVO. decent smoke very relaxing not over powering!"
AVO XO,5 out of 5,Been smoking Avo XO for,Been smoking Avo XO for over 25 years.
AVO XO,5 out of 5,My favorite by far,My favorite by far
AVO XO,5 out of 5,Avo xo,Great cigar my AVO favorite.
AVO XO,5 out of 5,great cigar,great cigar
AVO XO,5 out of 5,Amazingly smooth,These cigars are the smoothest smoke I have ever had. Good mellow flavors and a strong finish.
AVO XO,4 out of 5,Surprisingly Quick Burns,These cigars seems to burn quick - good taste just short burn.
AVO XO,3 out of 5,Poorly rolled,These cigars taste and smell great. They are so poorly rolled as to wreck the cigar smoking experience. They would get five stars from me if they were properly rolled.
AVO XO,5 out of 5,New favorite cigar,New favorite cigar
AVO XO,3 out of 5,Little Taste,Found this cigar to be well constructed with an even burn. Was completely surprised with the flat taste. No pop and I could not begin to apply any adjectives to describe it.
AVO XO,5 out of 5,Great taste,Great taste
AVO XO,5 out of 5,Great smoke's,Great smoke's
AVO XO,5 out of 5,Awesome buy.,Awesome buy.
AVO XO,5 out of 5,Perfect Smoke,Best non Cuban cigars available.
AVO XO,5 out of 5,AVO HERITAGE ROBUSTO,fine cigar as all the AVO's in sampler
AVO XO,5 out of 5,Classic Fantastic creation..what a legacy my father left for us to enjoy!,My first cigar love 1988 in Humacao Puerto Rico at Avo's piano bar!
AVO XO,5 out of 5,Solid Cigar,"Good taste, great roll, super draw."
AVO XO,5 out of 5,Avo sampler,Great products at a great price.
AVO XO,5 out of 5,AVO,All time favorite. Have to take advantage when rarely on Sale!!!
AVO XO,5 out of 5,Great deal on premium cigars,"My two humidors were already full when I got the email about the Avo. It was an incredible bargain on cigars that usually cost twice as much. I jumped on it and had the first one last week. It's winter in Chicago so I don't usually light up a good cigar unless I know it will be warm enough for me to finish it outside. It was a wonderful smoke and the price was a steal. Even burn throughout, mild but flavorful."
AVO XO,5 out of 5,Avo,Nice smooth smoke
AVO XO,4 out of 5,Avo,Nice I liked
AVO XO,5 out of 5,value,What a great value
AVO XO,4 out of 5,Avo Intermezzo,"Smooth Avo cigar. Great flavor, medium strength, flawless construction, perfect draw - what can you say - it’s an Avo - one of the best brands on the market."
AVO XO,2 out of 5,so so,not great- not terrible..
AVO XO,5 out of 5,Review,These cigars are fantastic!
AVO XO,4 out of 5,AVO Special,More like a 3.5. These are just ok Cigars.
AVO XO,5 out of 5,"They are GREAT,!!","They are GREAT,!!"
AVO XO,5 out of 5,Delicious,A great midday smoke it was well worth the deal I got at CI.
AVO XO,5 out of 5,Great bargain,"This was probably my best ""find"" from CI. An excellent smoke!!"
AVO XO,4 out of 5,AVO,"Good smoke, I bought them to take to the casino with me. This was a excellent choice."
AVO XO,5 out of 5,Great smokes,Great smokes
AVO XO,4 out of 5,avo,Has always been a good smoke.
AVO XO,5 out of 5,AVO XO Robusto,"Mild and medium body. A perfect medium cigar, for a
""shorty""!"
AVO XO,3 out of 5,Avo cigars,A better cigar is Heritage Toro Gordo
AVO XO,5 out of 5,Favorite cigar,Favorite cigar
AVO XO,4 out of 5,avo,"They needed to rehumidify when I got them. Once good to go, they're a nice smoke. Complex even sophisticated. A little light for my taste, but good."
AVO XO,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
AVO XO,5 out of 5,A I baby,Excellent price on an extraordinary cigar
AVO XO,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
AVO XO,3 out of 5,avo,Simply average.I expected better
AVO XO,5 out of 5,AVO,The best
AVO XO,5 out of 5,right into hummie but had,right into hummie but had to burn one while golfing. Sweet. Don't tell anyone else on site.
AVO XO,5 out of 5,Excellent deal for AVO’s,Excellent deal for AVO’s
AVO XO,5 out of 5,Great cigars at a great,Great cigars at a great price. How can you go wrong
AVO XO,5 out of 5,Avo,Excellent draw good for those cold evenings.
AVO XO,4 out of 5,CAO,Great sticks👍👍👍👍
AVO XO,4 out of 5,perfect smoke,light yet rewarding smoke the best avo yet.
AVO XO,5 out of 5,AVO XO Intermezzo,A very enjoyable cigar. Medium body and nice smooth flavor. The cigar was well constructed and burned evenly. Purchased for a great price
AVO XO,5 out of 5,Evo XO Intermezzo,Superb medium body. Very enjoyable.
AVO XO,4 out of 5,Nice smoke!,A very handsome cigar. Cigar was mild to medium. There was a definitely a bit of mustiness. I also got some bourbon notes but they were subtle. The construction was first rate. The Avo XO Maestoso smoked until there was almost nothing left of it. Overall a very pleasant experience.
Baccarat,5 out of 5,Definitely my favorite cigar five,Definitely my favorite cigar five stars all the way😊👍
Baccarat,4 out of 5,Nice cigar for an everyday,Nice cigar for an everyday go to.
Baccarat,4 out of 5,Nice Smoke!!,Enjoyed it thoroughly
Baccarat,5 out of 5,My favorite,My favorite
Baccarat,5 out of 5,Nice moderately priced mild cigar.,Nice moderately priced mild cigar.
Baccarat,4 out of 5,All good,All good
Baccarat,5 out of 5,Excellent any-time-of-the-day cigar.,Excellent any-time-of-the-day cigar.
Baccarat,5 out of 5,Big Fat Smooth,"Love Baccarat Belisico, and the Gordo is just a bigger fatter version. Smooth and Creamy to start, just after 1/2 the cig it transforms to a deeper smoke. My fave."
Baccarat,5 out of 5,Best cigars for the money.,Best cigars for the money. Been smoking them for years
Baccarat,5 out of 5,The best cigar for the,The best cigar for the money!!!!!
Baccarat,5 out of 5,Great everyday smoke!,This is my go to cigar for everyday! Mild but creamy smoke and last just long enough. Always consistent and a great build…never a run!
Baccarat,5 out of 5,These have become my favorite,These have become my favorite
Baccarat,3 out of 5,Gordos,For me Gordos are just a tad too strong and too big. I prefer my cigars in the less than 50 ring size. The taste is what I expect from Baccarat and they smoke easily like my preference for Luchadores.
Baccarat,5 out of 5,A good daily smoke,"I have been receiving Baccarat Luchadores now for several years and have always had a very good smoke with each and every one of them. They are mild, my preferred flavor, and have very good taste. I will continue to order and smoke them until they cease being as good as they are now."
Baccarat,5 out of 5,Great tasting smoke,Pleasant flavor and consistency during entire smoke. Great after dinner cigars.
Baccarat,5 out of 5,Liked the Gordo always get,Liked the Gordo always get kings
Baccarat,4 out of 5,It's a good cigar for,It's a good cigar for the price
Baccarat,5 out of 5,Baccarat Toro is a great cigar,The Baccarat Toro is the best cigar for price/quality/flavor/consistency that I have found.
Baccarat,5 out of 5,My “Go-To” Cigars,I love this cigar and is my go-to after a long day. Very mellow with a nice long draw and even burn. One of my favorites and always stocked in my humidor.
Baccarat,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Very fine. Order them regularly. I like the size(dog walk size). Wish they brought back the Connies.
Baccarat,5 out of 5,The best,Love baccarat
Baccarat,5 out of 5,Satisfaction,"I've switched over from another company to you. Orders are delivered on time, freshness is beyond comparison and easy to order. Keep up the great work. You have a new customer.
David Boyd"
Baccarat,5 out of 5,great cigar for the price,great cigar for the price
Baccarat,5 out of 5,Baccarat Rothschild,Good smoke. Good burn. Good price.One of my favorites.
Baccarat,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,Great cigar!
Baccarat,5 out of 5,I LOVE these!!!,"There is something I like about candelas. (I guess it would be the taste, duh!) These Baccarat Candelas are AWESOME. The price is right, too. These are my daily cigars, along with the Master Blends 3 from Oliva. But I actually prefer these because they are milder and have that flavor that won't overwhelm you at work or at the very end of your day, before bed."
Baccarat,5 out of 5,"Hits great, tastes great, and","Hits great, tastes great, and it is inexpensive. For the price, a top choice if you are looking for a daily smoke."
Baccarat,4 out of 5,Fine small cigar,Fine small cigar
Baccarat,5 out of 5,Good smoke mild,Good smoke mild
Baccarat,5 out of 5,Nice...wonderful smoke,"In this price range, there is nothing better. Nice mild everyday smoke with plenty of flavor. Try a five pack and thank me later."
Baccarat,5 out of 5,Fabulous,Fabulous
Baccarat,4 out of 5,Great smoke for the golf course,Nice mild cigar with good taste and burn. Perfect when playing a round of golf
Baccarat,5 out of 5,Awesome smoke.,Awesome smoke.
Baccarat,4 out of 5,"Good smokes, draw good, mild","Good smokes, draw good, mild flavor"
Baccarat,5 out of 5,Fantastic tasting cigar,Baccarat is a high end tasting cigar at a bargain price
Baccarat,5 out of 5,Still one of the best,Still one of the best mild cigars on the planet
Baccarat,5 out of 5,Very Nice and smooth.,Very Nice and smooth.
Baccarat,4 out of 5,Love all the Baccarat products,Love all the Baccarat products
Baccarat,4 out of 5,Great Smoke,"My new favorite cigar, love the size"
Baccarat,5 out of 5,I enjoy them very much,I enjoy them very much
Baccarat,5 out of 5,good,good
Baccarat,3 out of 5,Ok for cheap,Not bad. They have a sweet flavoring added to them so it's not for every day for me. They burn well and the draw is ok.
Baccarat,5 out of 5,Love this brand!,With the candela outter rapper it makes for a extra smooth smoke. Great cigar to start the day off.
Baccarat,5 out of 5,What a great cigar,"Smooth, creamy, and mild. Love it."
Baccarat,4 out of 5,Great barbecuing smoke,"Big cigar. Mild, very consistent burn and taste. Intentionally sweet cap noticeable. Goes well with beer or spirits. Great while barbecuing Santa Maria-style."
Baccarat,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Baccarat,5 out of 5,Excellent Mills cigars,Excellent Mills cigars
Baccarat,5 out of 5,Excellent mild cigars,Excellent mild cigars
Baccarat,5 out of 5,These are very smooth! I,These are very smooth! I really enjoyed them!!
Baccarat,5 out of 5,"Nice a smooth, never goes","Nice a smooth, never goes out, burns well. will order again"
Baccarat Candela,4 out of 5,Nice Smoke!!,Enjoyed it thoroughly
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,The best,Love baccarat
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,I LOVE these!!!,"There is something I like about candelas. (I guess it would be the taste, duh!) These Baccarat Candelas are AWESOME. The price is right, too. These are my daily cigars, along with the Master Blends 3 from Oliva. But I actually prefer these because they are milder and have that flavor that won't overwhelm you at work or at the very end of your day, before bed."
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,Fabulous,Fabulous
Baccarat Candela,3 out of 5,Ok for cheap,Not bad. They have a sweet flavoring added to them so it's not for every day for me. They burn well and the draw is ok.
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,Love this brand!,With the candela outter rapper it makes for a extra smooth smoke. Great cigar to start the day off.
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,Worth every penny!,"Smooth smoking cigar, even burn. Great mid day cigar!! Would recommend"
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,VERY GOOD,"OUTSTANDING CIGAR,EASY DRAW ,BURNS EVEN"
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,Sweet,"So far, like the Baccarat’s a a lot. Sweet wrapper. Smooth, even burns. Not harsh at all. Very mild cigar in my opinion. Really enjoy the Gordo as well."
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,"Great stick, super smooth 👍🏾","Great stick, super smooth 👍🏾"
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,Try these😊,Great everything!👌👌 slightly sweet & mild. These don’t have the “green taste” that some candela have. These are great on a warm summer day or anytime
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,Great service,Great service
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,"Nice easy draw, mellow taste,","Nice easy draw, mellow taste, even burning."
Baccarat Candela,4 out of 5,Nice tasting cigar,"Like the title says nice tasting cigar, the only negative is they do not burn well, constantly need to re-light"
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,Price is right!,Nice enjoyable smoke for a reasonable price. Touch of sweet and savory.
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,great stick,very good draw and nice sweet tip mild..would recommend
Baccarat Candela,4 out of 5,Nice Light Candela Option,"Just tried the new candela wrapper. Very nice construction, fresh creamy smoke. A light, straight forward, uncomplicated cigar. Great introduction product for the cigar novice or anyone looking for a simple well made candela."
Baccarat Candela,4 out of 5,Candela,I have only smoked a couple of them little different taste but they last longer to smoke a very relaxing cigar try them you will like them
Baccarat Candela,4 out of 5,Good Cigar for Everyday Use,"I enjoy the candela Baccarat. Its mild enough for me, has an easy draw, and a nice aroma. I like some other cigars more, but this is a good everyday draw."
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,Nice,Smooth smoke stays lit
Baccarat Candela,4 out of 5,Great candela for the price.,"I usually prefer medium to full strength dark cigars. Still it is good have something a bit different to “cleanse” the palette. Sometimes the best tasting cigar is the first after having none for a few days or more. (That almost never happens with me, though). I digress. These are a larger ring guage for candelas than I usually see that I can afford so I was eager to try them. The first couple were a bit disappointing. But after a few weeks in the humidor they are MUCH better. I like my humidor a bit higher than most recommend at 75%. Good even burn just a tad hot but very enjoyable. Peppery tinge is satisfying for this full-bodied regular."
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,A good cigar,A good cigar
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,Very Happy Customer,"outstanding sticks, well constructed, even burn and smooth all the way to the nub."
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,Good mellow cigar,Very smooth and great clean taste
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,Baccarat is outstanding value,Baccarat cigars are an outstanding value. Love the convenience and service provided by Cigars International. You are second to none.
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,Candela Baccarats,Good cigar.
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,Good cheap smokes,Really enjoy Baccarat Candela's smooth steady draw & flavor
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,Smooth,"Awesome smoke, well constructed cigar. Great flavor"
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,Nice smooth smoke. Only slightly,Nice smooth smoke. Only slightly sweet on tip with a nice nutty taste. Good any time of day.
Baccarat Candela,3 out of 5,Baccarat Candela,Smoked 4 so far. Construction is excellent. Mild to medium. Good solid cigar.
Baccarat Candela,3 out of 5,Baccarat Candela,"The Candela has a slightly different taste then the natural rapper version. I can't say it's better or worse, just different. I would have to leave it up to the individual."
Baccarat Candela,4 out of 5,"Sweet start, smooth finish",Great cigar for the golf course just relaxing and looking for a smooth smoke with hint of sweet to start. Decent cigar all around and very smooth easy draw. I would recommend this cigar to others who like a mild smoke.
Baccarat Candela,4 out of 5,"Good, Mild cigar",This is a good golfing cigar. Good draw and a mild taste.
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,Baccarat Candela Rothschild,"I am a new to cigars. I have tried many different cigars, but I think this has been my favorite, so far! It is a mild smoke, easy draw, and even burner. It does have a ""kiss"" of sweetness to it, but nowhere near the sweetness of a Swisher Sweet cigar! As there are many different cigars, you will find as many opinions. I encourage you to read ALL the reviews, not just the highly rated ones. In fact, the review that made my mind up to purchase this cigar was one that was not rated very high due to its sweetness. However, that's what I was wanting to try. As they say - ""One man's trash is another's treasure!"""
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,Well worth it.,"Slamming, smooth and mellow. First think after unwrapping it was the fragrant grassy smell of the wrapper. Didn't let me down for the entire cigar. Not sure about the sweet tip at first but once she was going any second thoughts I had were gone. Burns evenly and holds a.pretty good ash.
Though a mild cigar it has a whole lot going on with it. The smooth grassy flavor of the wrapper contains a little bit of spice, mild tobacco and perhaps a subtle taste of nuttiness.
I got in in Rothchild. A Churchill might of been different but I rarely smoke a Churchill
I think it would pair well with a single malt, or a nice Brandy."
Baccarat Candela,5 out of 5,Baccarat Candela,Great tasting smooth cigar
Baccarat Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Baccarat shines,I ordered this at behest of a friend to please. This is good smoke and hes happy
Baccarat Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Baccarat Petite Corona,"I usually smoke a Baccarat Luchador in the afternoon but started wanting something not as mild, although I still smoke these while surfcasting in the mornings. I find the fuller flavor, constant taste beginning to end, and size of the NPC perfect for an after lunch cigar. It's one of my new favorites and a great cigar as far as most bang for your buck."
Baccarat Nicaragua,4 out of 5,"great smoke, will do it","great smoke, will do it again"
Baccarat Nicaragua,4 out of 5,A solid cigar!,"Just finished the fifth of the 5 and they are good cigars. Touch of cedar and maybe some pepper. Smokes well, evenly and with a solid draw. A very solid purchase!"
Baccarat Nicaragua,4 out of 5,Good flavor,"I have been a Baccarat cigar fan for a long time. So naturally I wanted to try the new Baccarat Nicaragua. It is a good cigar, if you are familiar with the regular Baccarat cigars they are smooth,mild, and generally burn evenly. The New Baccarat Nicaragua has all the same quality’s and has more flavors present. It smokes just as smooth as the originals all the way to the nub. Here are the reasons I didn’t give this cigar a 5 star. I think they could be packed a little tighter, then I would give them a 95 rating. The other and most important reason is I don’t want them to be too popular, then they will be out of stock.😉 Michael"
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,Top notch service,Top notch service
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,Great quick smoke,"Very tasty, and not overly sweet. One of the only flavored cigars I actually enjoy because the tobacco is more prominent than the infusion."
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,Backwoods,Great
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,Great Taste Perfect Size,Great Taste Perfect Size
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,Always my favorite,Always my favorite
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,Backwoods shipped FRESH! Thanks.,Backwoods shipped FRESH! Thanks.
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,Very mild,Relaxing and smooth
Backwoods Cigars,4 out of 5,"enjoy both , still waiting","enjoy both , still waiting for Cuba Deligths ?"
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,Both GREAT,Both GREAT
Backwoods Cigars,3 out of 5,Backwoods,"It’s really hit or miss, on if they will be smokable."
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,Everybody likes the smell of,Everybody likes the smell of me cigars. Great for a quick smoke.
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,backwoods,I really enjoy these cigars
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,My husbands enjoys these cigars.,My husbands enjoys these cigars.
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,God stuff,Great cigars great company to buy from
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,Great smoke,These are tasty and good for a quick fix when you don’t have time for a 20 to 30 minute cigar
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,"Smooth, tasty and convenient","Smooth, tasty and convenient"
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,good cigar,smooth and mild great flavor and doesn't taste like candy
Backwoods Cigars,4 out of 5,Will do,"Great cigar to smoke if you work outside, if you drop it on the ground your not that mad."
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,good smoke,it's a nice flavor refreshing
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,puff puff,great stuff
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,Love them,Love them
Backwoods Cigars,4 out of 5,Mild,Nice and mild good taste some are rolled to tight
Backwoods Cigars,4 out of 5,"Nice 20 minute smoke, 2or3","Nice 20 minute smoke, 2or3 out of 40 pack rolled to loose and will not light. Have bought a lot of them"
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,good cigars at a good price,fresh and ready to smoke
Backwoods Cigars,4 out of 5,Not my flavor but I,Not my flavor but I had to try
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,👍👍,👍👍
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,"I've tried others, but always go back",My favorite despite the price.
Backwoods Cigars,4 out of 5,Limited availability,For those who don't know why everyone is out of stock on Backwoods the answer is that there are only limited quantities getting shipped out of south america. Between the damage done by the hurricanes a couple of years ago and the civil unrest throughout south america manufacturing has been effected. This will continue for the the rest of 2019 and perhaps beyond. So if you can find a quantity of backwoods it is advisable to get as many boxes as you can because supplies will run out fast.
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,The Best,i have smoked a number of the different Backwoods and the Honey Berry is my favorite.
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,Great smoke...,Great short smoke.... Iwosh they would keep them in stock....
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,Fast delivery and excellent service,Fast delivery and excellent service
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,Very flavorful,Very flavorful
Backwoods Cigars,3 out of 5,Backwoods,"Good flavor, usually rolled too tight making them difficult to smoke. Quality control lacking."
Backwoods Cigars,4 out of 5,Sweet Aromatic,I like em too. They are good for a short smoke and smell nice. Unfortunately they are out of stock. I just went to Jrcigars.com and placed an order. But I am waiting to get an email saying Out Of Stock
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,not the same cigar ...,"Ive have been smoking Backwood Sweet Aromatic cigars for many years … over the past few years they seem to taste more like a cigarette … the sweet ""chocolaty "" smell is mostly non existent..."
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,Thanks Backwoods.,Very good cigars.
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,Sweet aromatics,"I really like these even though most it seems don't consider them real cigars.
Unfortunately, they are often out of stock not only at CI but local retailers as well, so I guess I'm not alone but have no idea what the constant shortage problem is about."
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,I like Backwoods Cigars,I wish they were always available.
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,"always great , love the","always great , love the aroma"
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,Awesome!,My husband loves these. Perfect for a casual smoke on the way home from work or when he's working in the garage. Bigger than a cigarillo but not as labor intensive as smoking a larger cigar.
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"Love the honey berry, very fresh"
Backwoods Cigars,3 out of 5,"Bought them for a friend,","Bought them for a friend, he sure smokes them a lot!"
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,Thank you. I received my,Thank you. I received my order in just a few days.
Backwoods Cigars,3 out of 5,Backwoods,"Really wanted the Honey Berry but they were on backorder...so got these. Not bad, but do prefer the other."
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,The reason why I got,The reason why I got these was because you are out of the orginals AGAIN!!!!
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,Black N Aromatic,"Can’t say enough good about Backwoods Black Aromatic, I love burning one on the ride home and while on the job site, nobody complains about the aroma either, Best deal thanks to CI"
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,very good will buy more,very good will buy more
Backwoods Cigars,5 out of 5,Favorite. Wish they would be,Favorite. Wish they would be stocked more
Bahia B-Line,5 out of 5,Such an amazing cigar,When you first get the box which is just a stunning bit of presentation. You know your in for a treat. Full flavor but in no way over powering. Just an all around great smoke
Bahia B-Line,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,Nice backyard cigar! Your friends will agree weather BBQing or not...
Bahia B-Line,5 out of 5,Very smooth smoke.,Very smooth smoke.
Bahia B-Line,5 out of 5,Nice,Nice
Bahia B-Line,3 out of 5,Nice.,"Really different flavor then I'm used to, almost reminds be of old parchment. Smoke 'em slowly, or they will get hot. Overall, not bad, and an excellent value. Cool box too, with a magnet clasp."
Bahia B-Line,5 out of 5,Best for the price!,"Just a great, low priced little cigar. Very consistent & the box press is for me. I'll be buying again & again-"
Bahia B-Line,4 out of 5,Great flavor in the cigar.,Great flavor in the cigar. But was a little too loosely rolled for me
Bahia B-Line,3 out of 5,Nicely priced,Hey decent cigar smooth I’d buy it again in a pinch
Bahia B-Line,4 out of 5,Smooth Very Nice,Smooth Very Nice
Bahia B-Line,4 out of 5,Bahia B2,Great everyday cigar and can also be that weekend cigar when you have 30 minutes roughly to enjoy a smoke. Goes great with whiskey/Bourbons.
Bahia B-Line,5 out of 5,My husband loved these cigars,My husband loved these cigars so much we made a second order
Bahia B-Line,5 out of 5,Good cigar slow burn great,Good cigar slow burn great price.
Bahia B-Line,4 out of 5,Nice for a short smoke,Nice for a short smoke
Bahia B-Line,5 out of 5,Great flavor easy pull just,Great flavor easy pull just great all around smoke. Normally 30-45 min.
Bahia B-Line,5 out of 5,Excellent Smoke...,Excellent smoke from start to finish! These are great no matter what your doing and the go nicely with a nice scotch! Ill be ordering more!
Bahia B-Line,5 out of 5,Smooth!,Very smooth medium body cigar that has a good flavor.
Bahia B-Line,5 out of 5,Nice even burn...good volume of,Nice even burn...good volume of smoke...good tasting...Excellent value!
Bahia B-Line,3 out of 5,Good smoke for the money,Good smoke for the money
Bahia B-Line,4 out of 5,Excellent value. One of my,Excellent value. One of my go-to cigars. Consistent and burns well.
Bahia B-Line,5 out of 5,I Loved It!!!,I Loved It!!!
Bahia B-Line,4 out of 5,Buy these,These are really nice mild flavourful smokes and an outstanding bargain.
Bahia B-Line,3 out of 5,Bahiia Bline,average to good
Bahia B-Line,5 out of 5,Solid performer,"This smoke gives enjoyable pleasure consistently at an awesome price,tasting like something costing much more."
Bahia B-Line,5 out of 5,the best,"love the smooth sweet taste, good even burn."
Bahia B-Line,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"Great cigar. Burns well, even and stays lit. Great taste. The description is spot on. I will be buying these again. The would make a great everyday stick for the price they are sold at."
Bahia B-Line,5 out of 5,"smooth ,great taste,burns slow.","smooth ,great taste,burns slow."
Bahia B-Line,5 out of 5,Bahia B-line,Nice smoke for the price - smooth burn and taste
Bahia B-Line,3 out of 5,Bahia orange,"Decent cigar, burns fast, too small."
Bahia B-Line,3 out of 5,Good cigar,"Good taste, smooth....not bad"
Bahia B-Line,4 out of 5,Smooth but loose,An everyday cigar but for the loose roll.
Bahia B-Line,4 out of 5,Bahia,Thought this was a surprisingly mellow and wonderfully tasting cigar at a great price
Bahia B-Line,1 out of 5,Worst,Very bad taste
Bahia B-Line,3 out of 5,Smooth snd good cigar,Smoot cigar with great packaging!...
Bahia B-Line,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Bahia B-Line,4 out of 5,Bahia B-Line,Excellent quick smoke. Good flavor and draw.
Bahia B-Line,2 out of 5,Bitter taste at the finish.....I,Bitter taste at the finish.....I will not repurchase
Bahia B-Line,5 out of 5,Very nice cigar,Pleasant smoke- med- full nice flavo will reorder
Bahia B-Line,2 out of 5,Second time,"Second time not so good, dried out ends fall apart"
Bahia B-Line,3 out of 5,Disapointed,"I love the Bahia line, but this one missed the mark"
Bahia B-Line,4 out of 5,B-Line cigar's,Very impressed with this cigar.
Bahia B-Line,5 out of 5,Michael O Choquette,"nice smooth smoke, even burn, really enjoy them."
Bahia B-Line,4 out of 5,Almost,Good but not great
Bahia B-Line,5 out of 5,Bahia,It was a great smooth smoke all the way through
Bahia B-Line,5 out of 5,What a find,Great cigar great price couldn’t be happier
Bahia B-Line,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke at a low price,Picked this on a weekly deal and was an awesome buy for the price
Bahia B-Line,3 out of 5,This is a good cigar,This is a good cigar for the price. Nice to just have a short stick for the times you just need a smoke.
Bahia B-Line,4 out of 5,Nice smooth cigar,These guys have a nice smooth burn and a med flavor profile. Very Nice for the price
Bahia B-Line,3 out of 5,Probably Won't Do This Again!,"Not real happy with this Bahia....the others are great! Main situation I encountered was, the CAP KEPT PEALING OFF! Almost everyone. No matter whether you punched, cut, snipped, etc., it peeled off! Kept getting tobacco pieces to chew on. Other wise, flavor pretty good, burn not good not bad, lots of smoke.....feel the quality just isn't there. Very little effort went into these."
Bahia B-Line,3 out of 5,Tried Once!,Personally don't care for taste and sharpness.
Bahia B-Line,4 out of 5,Good Smoke,Good smoke all the way through.
Bahia Blu,4 out of 5,My go to Golf Cigar,Inexpensive great tasting mild flavor. Perfect for a round of golf!!
Bahia Blu,4 out of 5,Bahia blu...excellent,My sons & I enjoyed Bahia blus recently and we enjoyed the flavor and the slow burn.
Bahia Blu,5 out of 5,Worth buying a box,"Worth every penny. Got this in a sampler, and found it as fine or finer than much much more expensive options.
Immediately ordered a box."
Bahia Blu,4 out of 5,Great value,"These cigars are truly fantastic for the money. Occasionally one may have a tight draw, or rapper may unravel a little bit, but that's maybe one out of five. This brand is regularly stocked in my humidor."
Bahia Blu,5 out of 5,Delicious and well priced,This cigar has “expensive taste”! This one is constantly in my humidor
Bahia Blu,5 out of 5,Great Smoke!,"Wonderful aroma, great taste! Put together well! Enjoy with Scotch!"
Bahia Blu,4 out of 5,i,"inexpensive stick, mild to medium, good draw."
Bahia Blu,4 out of 5,Great smoke,Now this was a great smoke. Even burn with light draw. I was very impressed with the low cost. Highly recommend
Bahia Blu,4 out of 5,Bahia Blu Churchill,"This cigar is actually very well constructed for the budget priced cigar. Fairly even burn, uneven initially but a second shot with the torch fixed that, no issues the rest of the way down. Very slow and cool burning, with less smoke than other 50 rings I've smoked. The draw is firm but not overly restrictive, with the cigar being fairly tightly wrapped. The aroma is pleasing, but the flavor is odd, not bad, but not the greatest, just kinda odd. The flavor profile is probably not a 2of5 as advertised, I would put it more at 3.5of5. All in all, I would definitely give these a long hard look if I saw them on sale or as part of a 2'fer."
Bahia Blu,4 out of 5,Bahia Blu Churchill,"This cigar is actually very well constructed for the budget priced cigar. Fairly even burn, uneven initially but a second shot with the torch fixed that, no issues the rest of the way down. Very slow and cool burning, with less smoke than other 50 rings I've smoked. The draw is firm but not overly restrictive, with the cigar being fairly tightly wrapped. The aroma is pleasing, but the flavor is odd, not bad, but not the greatest, just kinda odd. All in all, I would definitely give these a long hard look if I saw them on sale or as part of a 2'fer."
Bahia Blu,5 out of 5,Nice and smooth tasting Cigar,Nice and smooth tasting Cigar
Bahia Blu,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Bahia Blu,4 out of 5,Bahia Blu Purchase,Good cigar with good price. Free shipping was the seller for me.
Bahia Blu,5 out of 5,Blu,The Bahia Blu has great flavor.
Bahia Blu,4 out of 5,Very Good Daily Smoke For The Money,They could use some time aging but even right out of the box they are a decent daily smoke. The long leaf filler means I don't have to deal with bits and pieces of tobacco in my teeth when they linger in my teeth.
Bahia Blu,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
Bahia Blu,3 out of 5,OK cigar,This was a ok cigar for the money. It was not as good as the Bahia Brazil which is one of my top cigar.
Bahia Blu,4 out of 5,Bahia blu u700,Over all a good cigar. Good flavor and a long burn. Some uneven burning though
Bahia Blu,3 out of 5,Solid. Very good for the,Solid. Very good for the price.
Bahia Blu,4 out of 5,"Solid ""yard gar""",These big sticks may not be super premiums but they provide a good long enjoyable smoke. I have these cigars sitting on my lawn tractor mowing my large 2 acres of lawn. One lasts the whole trip.
Bahia Blu,4 out of 5,A very decent cigar,I’ve been enjoying around the fire waiting for the endless winter and lockdown to end.
Bahia Blu,4 out of 5,Good cigar but does not,Good cigar but does not always draw smothly.
Bahia Blu,3 out of 5,OK cigar nothing real special,OK cigar nothing real special
Bahia Blu,4 out of 5,Bahia Blu,Good medium body cigar for a good price
Bahia Blu,5 out of 5,Blu,Smooth robust smoke on my list
Bahia Blu,5 out of 5,Nice,Nice
Bahia Blu,3 out of 5,Ok,There ok we had many that were plugged.
Bahia Blu,4 out of 5,"Good, but stronger","I've been buying these for years and it seems this last batch was stronger than usual, still a good smoke but I like original recipe! Otherwise I would give these 5 stars for a good daily smoke."
Bahia Blu,3 out of 5,ok cigar,ok cigar
Bahia Blu,5 out of 5,Excellent value,A very good cigar but at less than $2.00 a stick the bast value ever!
Bahia Blu,4 out of 5,overall pretty good. a couple,overall pretty good. a couple of bad burners in the bundle though.
Bahia Blu,4 out of 5,Great smoke. Even burn,Great smoke. Even burn
Bahia Blu,4 out of 5,A good smoke,A good stick to relax with after a hard day at work. Not too strong just right.
Bahia Blu,4 out of 5,Nice cigars!,"With CORVID-19 our golf/cigar time has been reduced but I have enjoyed 6 Bahia's since I have received them. I found they burn beautifully, they are a bit stronger than my usual but not harsh or hot, great flavor, I really like them.
One downfall is that 2 out of the 6 have come ""unraveled"" (the wrapper has split open).
Not a deal breaker but it occurred 33% of the time. I'll see how the remaining 14 go but I will probably grab them again, especially at the $$ I paid.
Nice smoke!!!"
Bahia Blu,4 out of 5,Great. Value,Pleasantly surprised for a great price. Mellow
Bahia Blu,5 out of 5,Enjoyed them.,Enjoyed them.
Bahia Blu,5 out of 5,Top 5,"This is in my top 5 favorite cigars. Great for the golf course or relaxing with a glass of Bourbon. Smooth smoke with a pleasant, natural flavor. Don't let the affordable price confuse you, this is a hidden treasure."
Bahia Blu,5 out of 5,Nice stick for the $$$$,Title says it all. Enjoy the cigar!
Bahia Blu,5 out of 5,For the price their great!,For the price their great!
Bahia Blu,5 out of 5,Bahia Blu U700 Churchill,"Excellent quality, excellent value"
Bahia Blu,3 out of 5,Ok smoke,Cigars were ok for the price. Wrappers on each cigar roll off easy and don't burn evenly
Bahia Blu,3 out of 5,good,"for the price can't go wrong.
mild, nice size and quality construction"
Bahia Blu,3 out of 5,So-so!,"I buy other Bahia brands, ""Brazil"" for one. This, in my opinion, does not reach the level of others...….."
Bahia Blu,3 out of 5,decent cigar for the money,decent cigar for the money
Bahia Blu,4 out of 5,It’s a good cigar,It’s a good cigar
Bahia Blu,5 out of 5,Cheap Stick,They were inexpensive and had a great taste!
Bahia Blu,5 out of 5,Bahia Blu - U700 Churchill,Very smooth and easy to smoke.
Bahia Blu,4 out of 5,Nice smoke,"I was sitting on my front porch waiting out the pandemic and lit up a Bahia Blu. The breeze was calm and the smoke was good. A light smoke, delicious aroma and a mild, peppery taste made my day. Other flavors I can't adequately describe but It smoked true right to the end. No regrets on this purchase."
Bahia Blu,4 out of 5,Pretty good smoke for the,Pretty good smoke for the $
Bahia Blu,4 out of 5,Some inconsistencies in the burn,Some inconsistencies in the burn and draw but overall a decent cigar
Bahia Brazil,4 out of 5,My first Brazilian cigar,"I have found Bahia in general to produce a good, above average smoke at competitive prices. The Brazil is no exception. I ordered a bundle out of curiosity. This was my first Brazilian cigar. I was quite pleased with my purchase. Burns evenly, draws well and tickles the palate with a good blend of flavor. In my humble opinion, Bahia is underrated, not that I mind. It keeps the prices reasonable and the supply generally steady. If you're looking for a Brazilian cigar, try the Bahia. You won't regret it."
Bahia Brazil,4 out of 5,Pretty pretty good,Pretty pretty good
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,Excellent,Perfect golf course cigars!
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,Excellent flavor and full bodied,Excellent flavor and full bodied A good everyday cigar at a good price.
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,"One of your best ever,","One of your best ever, really enjoy them. Now , I’m out and waiting for you to ship 🤪"
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,good value,I like them
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,Good Smoke,"Subtle open with notes of pepper.
Consistent throughout with bold finish."
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,Great Cigar!,"Smooth, affordable, and stylish. Good before, during or after any meal."
Bahia Brazil,4 out of 5,The OTHER Brazilian out there!,"Though not quite as good and satisfying as it's competitor, nevertheless the Bahia Brazil is a great bargain for those who love Brazilian wrapped cigars. Good smoke!"
Bahia Brazil,4 out of 5,nice cigar.,nice cigar.
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,Very Good Cigar,Very Good Cigar
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,Good Smoke,This is an affordable daily smoke. A little time in the humidors brings the moisture needed to be an enjoyable cigar.
Bahia Brazil,3 out of 5,Bahia Brazil toro,I have smoked this cigar before but this was a gift for father in law ... he enjoys them
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,Amazing Smoke,Great draw every time ... very very smooth stick ... always order a pack regardless of whatever else I put I the cart... 😀
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,"Great CIGAR, GREAT PRICE & GREAT S/H. MAX OF TEXAS","It's a VERY GOOD CIGAR, *WARNING*
ALLOW THEM TO SIT IN U R HUMIDOR A FEW DAYS. I SAY THIS DO TO MY MISTAKE OF NOT LETTING THEM ""MELLOW OUT"" FROM SHIPPING. BUT A GREAT DRAW, NICE BURN & BY WEEK 2 I WAS AMAZED BY THE TOTAL SMOKE, FLAVOR & TASTE OF THESE GREAT HOUSE CIGARS. I WISH I COULD SET BACK A BUNDLE & FORGET ABOUT THEM FOR A YEARS. YOU COULDN'T BUY A CIGARS AS GOOD AS THIS ONE. FOR ME THESE ARE A GOOD SMOKE- CAN'T WAIT TO TRY THE""MADURO""... MAX OF TEXAS"
Bahia Brazil,4 out of 5,For the cost this cigar,For the cost this cigar delivers plenty of flavor.
Bahia Brazil,4 out of 5,You won’t be du,"A solid, medium bodied cigar. Good flavor until the last quarter. I really enjoyed them!"
Bahia Brazil,4 out of 5,Good cigar at a very good price,"I believe Bahia is generally underrated on their cigars. This was my first buy on the new Bahia Brazil. I was treated to a good medium bodied cigar that burned evenly with good smoke, good flavor and at a very reasonable price. I still give a slight edge to the Trinidad, very slight."
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar,Great cigar fo the money.
Bahia Brazil,4 out of 5,My favorite so far!,Smooth even smoke.
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,Superb,Surprised at the punch this cigar has. Will be ordering this again. Flavor lasts for 85% of the burn.
Bahia Brazil,4 out of 5,Both Dark Shark and Bahia,Both Dark Shark and Bahia were a pleasant suprise
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,Excellent,"I have rated these cigars in the past, but i will rate them again since i like them so much. My personal numerical rating for these would be a 95. The only cigar i have ever purchased from CI that i would rate higher is the CAO Brazilia Gordo and Robusto and would give those a 97 rating."
Bahia Brazil,4 out of 5,cigars,good
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,BACKORDERED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,"Please get more of these...that goes for the Robusto size too...i now wish i had ordered more of these when they were in stock. In my opinion, Maduro cigars wrapped with Brazilian wrappers can't be beat. I love the CAO Brazilian wrapped cigars very much too, but the cost of them keeps going up and i can no longer afford them. I hope the Bahia Brazil cigars come back very soon!!"
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,Good,Good
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,One of my favorites very,One of my favorites very good cigar
Bahia Brazil,4 out of 5,Love this cigar!,"This cigar has a deep rich flavor and is well made; not too loose, not to tight. When you add in the price, this cigar may just replace my previous “go to choice”."
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,Great Bundle Cigar,Great bundle cigar. Spicy and strong.
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,My new favorite cigar,"First time I tried them and they became my favorite. Nice clean draw, burns clean and has a medium strength. Highly recommend them."
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,Brazil Bahia,Brazil Bahia smooth draw. Never goes out. Medium body . Great cigar to smoke on the golf course. I like the Red Wrapper Madura cigar also.The Blue Wrapper is to mild for me. The Bahia family ofcigars is what a lot of my friends smoke. Best price in town.
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,A Great Tasting Cigar That Won't Stretch Your Wallet.,"A tasty stick at an affordable price. Some cigar snobs turn up their noses at ""bundle cigars"", but then again they probably have money to burn. I don't, so I'm always on the look out for cigars that please both my palate and my wallet. Bahia Brazil is one of those cigars. Bursting with flavor, this gem will be seeing the inside of my humidor in the future. Buy it and tell me if I'm wrong."
Bahia Brazil,4 out of 5,Nice cigar for the money.,Burns fairly even and slowly. A little stronger than I would normally buy.
Bahia Brazil,3 out of 5,Fair every day cigar,Fair every day cigar
Bahia Brazil,4 out of 5,Nice surprise.,"Bahia brazil was a bery nice surprise, nice flavor profile,clean burn, will definately reorder them."
Bahia Brazil,4 out of 5,Thank You Bahia!,"My first Brazilian cigar. I'm a fan of Bahia Trinidad and Connecticut, so I gave their new Brazil blend a shot. Nicaraguan fillers and a Brazilian Maduro wrapper give it a good medium/full-bodied flavor that I swear includes the occasional delectable taste of dark chocolate. I love one when mowing or working around the house."
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,A fine strong smoke,"These draw well and evenly. Not for the faint hearted - they're strong, but a consistenly reliable smoke."
Bahia Brazil,4 out of 5,thoughts on this cigar,"Nice burn, dark, heavy, lots of smoke....would buy again."
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,Good-consistent tasteful cigar - all,"Good-consistent tasteful cigar - all the way through and doesn't leave you
hang-in'...."
Bahia Brazil,4 out of 5,"Good on the palate, easy on the wallet","Like most Bahia blends, I find the Brazil easy on the palate and wallet. A good combination always for everyday smokes. I pt the Brazil with the Trinidad as one or the other will always be in my box."
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,Good everyday smoke,Good everyday smoke
Bahia Brazil,3 out of 5,Blah Bahia,"Not the worst Bahia, just not great either."
Bahia Brazil,4 out of 5,Cigar,Good quality cigar. Smooth draw and I like the Brazil the best
Bahia Brazil,4 out of 5,This was a great tasting,This was a great tasting cigar after a evening meal.
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,Bahia Brazil,Excellent cigar!
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,And the price is great too
Bahia Brazil,3 out of 5,Tasty smoke,Tasty smoke
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,Great,Nas medium full good burn good flavor I’m sure I will buy again if the price is right
Bahia Brazil,4 out of 5,"Very good value, easy smoke,","Very good value, easy smoke, good flavor, well packed. Fit my need for a smoke while doing yard work and house projects, etc."
Bahia Brazil,5 out of 5,Great stick!!,Wow! Cant say enough. Has become one of my favorites. Really enjoy this stick. Well made. Flavor profile is absolutely amazing.. Has become my everyday stick.
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,5 out of 5,This is a good smooth,This is a good smooth smoke and very reasonably priced.
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,4 out of 5,Very nice light cigar with good flavor,"Great light cigar. I liked these much better than the Macanudo Cafe, by comparison. The Bahia is creamy with nutmeg, a little leather, some basil and a touch nutty. I would not buy these for me, but would keep some to have to share with someone who is new to cigars, or simply wants to try one. This would be perfect for after breakfast, or with coffee, but would also pair well with a light beer. This is a perfect poker night cigar with friends, or for those times where you want a cigar but don't want to smell like one. My only complaint was that the wrapper dried a bit, and it cracked some, and I could feel it unwrapping toward the end, but I did not let it rest at all."
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,5 out of 5,Bahia Deluxe Torpedo,"Great smoke, consistently a quality cigar"
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,4 out of 5,Great quality at a fair price,"Long lasting, great aroma and taste"
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,4 out of 5,Good stick,good for every day sticks
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,5 out of 5,Great smoke very good price,Great smoke very good price
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,3 out of 5,Smoke em' if you got em'.,"Smooth,but some uneven burning. Great for golf, or yard work. Good price for the smoke."
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,4 out of 5,Bahia Connecticut deluxe,"It,s a nice mild cigar"
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,5 out of 5,Bahia Ct,I love them I’ve been buying them for years they are a fabulous every day smoke
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,5 out of 5,Fine cigar,Had to wait till I got over the winter bronchitis to try it out but I finally got to go on a worthwhile golf road trip and smoke one of these babies. It was great and had a great draw. Thanks again.
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,4 out of 5,Excellent for the price,"As an ""Every day"" mild to medium smoke, this cigar is an excellent value. It is well constructed for the most part, although a few were harder to draw than the rest. For the price - you can't beat it."
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,5 out of 5,review of bahia conn.,Nice mellow smoke really enjoyed them.
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,5 out of 5,Great long filler smoke,"Cut one open, nice log fillers, burns with a firm ash."
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,3 out of 5,Great golf course cigar,Great golf course cigar
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,5 out of 5,Unbeatable for the price,"Mild, great draw, consistent... no competition at this price!"
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,5 out of 5,Bahia Connecticut deluxe,Good everyday smoke
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,5 out of 5,Bahia blu,"Nice burning cigar, my golf best buddy."
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,4 out of 5,Great for the price,"Mild Connecticut wrapper, smooth draw, even burn."
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,4 out of 5,need to get rid of,"need to get rid of short filler and replace with long filler, everything else is good"
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,4 out of 5,Good for the price,Tastes good but one out of ten will begin to unwrap itself as it heats up
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,3 out of 5,Good Every Day Cigar,Burns nicely. Consistent cigar to cigar.
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,4 out of 5,A very good consistent smoke,My every day smoke.
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,5 out of 5,My cigar of choice,"I think the Bahia Connecticut Deluxe is an awesome choice for the money. Easy draw, quite mild and very consistent smoke. This stick works for me."
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,5 out of 5,"Mild,smooth draw,good burning qualities also.","Mild,smooth draw,good burning qualities also."
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,3 out of 5,Just average every day smoke,Just average every day smoke
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,5 out of 5,"smooth,great flavor.","smooth,great flavor."
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,5 out of 5,Smooth and silky...,Smooth and silky...
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,3 out of 5,Good deal,Reasonably priced for an everyday smoke - tends to be a little on the dry side on receipt so store properly
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,3 out of 5,Meh .....,Meh .. Bought a box. Smoked most of them. Most definitely an easily forgettable experience. Won;t go there again.
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,5 out of 5,go to stogie,smooth mild smoke
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,4 out of 5,Good Smoke,"It’s just a good basic smoke! Great taste, and cheap"
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,4 out of 5,Nice everyday smoker,Very nice smoker. I've reviewed other cigars in the past as good but this one really is.
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,4 out of 5,Good cigar,I was pleasantly surprised at the flavor of this cigar. I usually lean towards Madura’s but this smoke was fine.
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,4 out of 5,"Good,pleasant,mild","Mild smoke all the way through, no harshness at the end. On a second box now. The first box came with right moisture,second came a bit moist. Some time in the humidor will fix that. Good everyday smoke and good price."
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,3 out of 5,Bahia conn,good all occasion cigar smoke anytime would buy again
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,5 out of 5,great cigar,My husband loves this cigar!!!!!!!
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,3 out of 5,Not bad,Decent cigar only complaint i have is they are loosely rolled so you are spitting tobacco most of the smoke.
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,1 out of 5,One bad cigar,These Were the worst cigars I ever smoked terrible draw then they unravel bad bad bad smoke will never buy them again
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,1 out of 5,"Poor draw, bitter",I bought a box of these cigars and the whole box is bad. The draw is so bad it’s hard to keep the cigar lit. They also smell like a swisher sweet when you finally get it lit. So bitter you can barely smoke it. Overall one of the worst cigars I’ve smoked in 25 years.
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,5 out of 5,Great cigar for the price.,Great cigar for the price.
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,4 out of 5,Delicious,A nice flavor and smell for a good price
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,2 out of 5,Ok,You get what you pay for. Good flavor but Cheaply made and come apart. Good till about half way down then better off chucking it
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,5 out of 5,Near perfection,"Great cigar, well constructed, easy draw, smokes quite evenly with a few touch ups. This may be my go to cigar, New Cuba is my current go to cigar."
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,4 out of 5,Good Smoke,"This is a good simple Smoke, it’s not very complex but I wouldn’t expect it to be.given the blend and price. My brother seems to really enjoy them and I love em for when we are out fishing or sipping the morning coffee."
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,5 out of 5,Bahia Churchill Connecticut Deluxe!,What a great mild nice burning cigar a good value. I really enjoy smoking this one!
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,5 out of 5,Great smoke for a small,Great smoke for a small price
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,5 out of 5,Nice cigar,These are good every day smokes.
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,4 out of 5,Yum yum,A good mellow smoke
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,4 out of 5,Good all around Smoke,Love these babies and the price is awesome. Great for all occasions- not afraid to smoke 'em anytime. They are constructed a little light- but they draw perfectly for my preference. Love the aroma too.
Bahia Connecticut Deluxe,5 out of 5,My favorite,My favorite
Bahia Gold,4 out of 5,Above average,Above average cigar
Bahia Gold,5 out of 5,Wonderful cigars at a bargain price.,"Great smoke. Even, we’ll made."
Bahia Gold,4 out of 5,"Decent smoke, good burn, great","Decent smoke, good burn, great price."
Bahia Gold,5 out of 5,Delicious,Very nice for the price good draw and burn nothing great flavor. 👍👍👍
Bahia Gold,4 out of 5,Bahia Gold,"I like this cigar; but to me it does not reach the quality of it's predecessor, which was one of my favorites and I enjoyed for years."
Bahia Gold,5 out of 5,Great cigars for the price!,"Bought these on a whim. Wasn't disappointed. Great smoke! Very even burn and great flavor.
Would definitely buy these again!"
Bahia Gold,5 out of 5,Great cigars,Have smoked these and will again.
Bahia Gold,4 out of 5,excellent burn and flavor,excellent burn and flavor
Bahia Gold,4 out of 5,Awesome,Awesome
Bahia Gold,3 out of 5,Descent,"ok for the price, burned fast for a 60 ring"
Bahia Gold,5 out of 5,Great smoke at a great price,"These are one of my best steals from CI. I was concerned that at this price point, these would be ""giveaway"" smokes. No way. I normally lean toward medium to medium full cigars, but these guys are PACKED with flavor. A pretty light draw before lighting, but it seemed to tighten up nicely. Second half of the cigar was even better. Just honestly a fantastic smoke. This is one to try!"
Bahia Gold,5 out of 5,Great smoke at a great price,"These are one of my best steals from CI. I was concerned that at this price point, these would be ""giveaway"" smokes. No way. I normally lean toward medium to medium full cigars, but these guys are PACKED with flavor. A pretty light draw before lighting, but it seemed to tighten up nicely. Second half of the cigar was even better. Just honestly a fantastic smoke. This is one to try!"
Bahia Gold,5 out of 5,It was a great gift,It was a great gift to my dad. He love them ❤❤❤
Bahia Gold,5 out of 5,Good cigar at a reasonable,Good cigar at a reasonable price. Shipping was fast and also reasonable.
Bahia Gold,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Very good for the price
Bahia Gold,3 out of 5,Fair...,Fair...
Bahia Gold,5 out of 5,Best Cigar I’ve Had THIS YEAR,"Well wrapped, slow burning,smmmmmmmooooth!
I will be back."
Bahia Gold,5 out of 5,Ghurka Red Skies,Great smoke at a great $
Bahia Gold,4 out of 5,Good value smoke,Smoke these on the golf cours. They burn evenly and if the wind isn’t blowing hard last 9 holes
Bahia Gold,4 out of 5,Good cigars for the price.,Good cigars for the price. Good draw and burns even.
Bahia Gold,5 out of 5,WDM,"It's rare I ever give a 5 star rating to anything. The Bahia Gold Robusto with it's box press is an exception. The strength of the cigar is medium + with a full flavor. It's one of my daily go to cigars. You won't be disappointed. Hopefully, Bahia will continue with this blend."
Bahia Gold,5 out of 5,Way underrated cigar,"Bahia Gold is about my favorite brand. Bought more of these boys than any other; probably 20 boxes over the last few years. I've noticed that the corona runs more full bodied, but the robusto and torpedos are medium, maybe medium plus. Complex, sophisticated taste. Can't go wrong."
Bahia Gold,5 out of 5,A definite go-to cigar,"I have been smoking Bahia Gold rabustos for years. I prefer these box-pressed beauties for their easy draw, consistent flavor, and medium strength. I find that I always reach for these, even going past the Anniversario, Flor de Los Antilles, and Kuba Kuba, all of which I really love. But the Bahia Gold is a real go-to."
Bahia Gold Maduro,4 out of 5,Bahia Gold Maduro,"For the price point, it can't be beat."
Bahia Gold Maduro,4 out of 5,Bahia Gold Maduro Robusto,"Basic good stick. Smooth, little tight on draw.
Overall I would recommend."
Bahia Gold Maduro,4 out of 5,Good quick clean smoke,Good quick clean smoke
Bahia Gold Maduro,4 out of 5,Excellent value,Generally not fond of box press as they have a tendency to burn unevenly. These did not exhibit any such characteristic. Burned slow and straight. Flavorful medium-full bodied smoke. Very enjoyable.
Bahia Gold Maduro,4 out of 5,Bahia Maduro gold,"Excellent smoke. Easy, slow burn. No bitterness at the end. Aroma was pleasing (so says my wife!)."
Bahia Gold Maduro,5 out of 5,Bahia Torpedos,"These are some of the best cigars I've bought from CI. If you love Torpedos, but this brand now!"
Bahia Gold Maduro,1 out of 5,Barely Okay.,"These don’t taste very good. They burn well and smell okay, so maybe a little time in the humi will settle em down. But I wouldn’t purchase again."
Bahia Gold Maduro,3 out of 5,Good cigar for the price.,Good cigar for the price.
Bahia Gold Maduro,5 out of 5,good,good
Bahia Maduro,5 out of 5,Bahia fan,Great great smoke ... very nice draw (always) nice even burn always on my list when I re-up!
Bahia Maduro,4 out of 5,Good value,Not a bad smoke. Like Bahia's a lot and these guys are a great value.
Bahia Maduro,5 out of 5,bahia maduro ponchos,"smooth slow burning cigar, my favorite"
Bahia Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke for the price.,Great smoke for the price. Should've ordered more when it was on sale.
Bahia Maduro,5 out of 5,Bahia Maduro,"These are great cigars! They're rolled firmly, have a real nice draw and great slow smoke! All for a great price."
Bahia Maduro,4 out of 5,Good every day cigar,I prefer the Corona Gigante size but these did the job ! Nice burn same flavor...
Bahia Maduro,4 out of 5,Very good for the price,Very good for the price
Bahia Maduro,4 out of 5,Jwh,Always enjoy Bahia. Good smokes.
Bahia Maduro,4 out of 5,Good burn,Good burn
Bahia Maduro,4 out of 5,Love This Cigar!,Very smooth and consistent. Great flavor! One of my favorites.
Bahia Maduro,4 out of 5,Well rounded,"Thus stick is just right, 45 to 60 minute smoke. Well balanced."
Bahia Maduro,4 out of 5,I bought these as a,"I bought these as a gift for my husband. He doesn't usually smoke Robustos, but he loves these!! Great purchase!"
Bahia Maduro,4 out of 5,Both are inexpensive enough to,"Both are inexpensive enough to be an everyday, Good consistent smoke."
Bahia Maduro,5 out of 5,Hands Down - one of the best cigar values available.,"My go-to smoke ... often times I grab one of these over other, more expensive and higher rated cigars. Great for every day, or special occasion. Go great with a nice cold one, or a cup of good strong coffee. This is probably the best value I've ever found in a cigar - period. Medium body, and great flavors, along with near-perfect draw. If I had to choose only one cigar for the rest of my life, these would be my most likely choice."
Bahia Maduro,5 out of 5,I just started smoking these,I just started smoking these what nice taste smooth flavorful
Bahia Maduro,4 out of 5,Medium Full Flavor Smoke,My go to smoke for enjoying yard work or cleaning up in the garage. Easy draw and a consistent burn every time.
Bahia Maduro,4 out of 5,Great value!,Good combination of price and quality. What a value!
Bahia Maduro,5 out of 5,great value,"smooth, burn well, maduros"
Bahia Maduro,5 out of 5,"Very good smoke, burns fast","Very good smoke, burns fast though."
Bahia Maduro,4 out of 5,Bahia Maduro,"I’ve smoked these for years. Avg daily , Rite price."
Bahia Maduro,4 out of 5,Go to cigar,Nice cigar for everyday. Excellent flavor.
Bahia Maduro,4 out of 5,Great cigar,For the price you can't find a better value
Bahia Maduro,4 out of 5,Good Buy,Consistent everyday smoke
Bahia Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar great smoke great,Great cigar great smoke great price
Bahia Maduro,5 out of 5,Loved them.,Loved them.
Bahia Maduro,3 out of 5,Decent every day smoke,Decent every day smoke
Bahia Maduro,3 out of 5,Good every day smoke.,Good every day smoke.
Bahia Maduro,4 out of 5,Albeit not a vintage cigar,Albeit not a vintage cigar it meets premium standards ... and the price is a real bargain.
Bahia Maduro,5 out of 5,Maduro,One of the best cigars I've smoked!!!!!!!
Bahia Maduro,5 out of 5,one of the best deals,My favorite for a morning cigar with Coffee.
Bahia Maduro,4 out of 5,Good,Good
Bahia Maduro,5 out of 5,I have been a customer,"I have been a customer for many years and have been very happy with the service.
This model have been B/O for a few months, just wondering when you expect stock?"
Bahia Maduro,5 out of 5,great value,love thisw cigar
Bahia Maduro,5 out of 5,One of my favorites,I have been buying these for the last 5 years or so and I continue to enjoy them. It is an excellent medium to full bodied cigar especially at this price
Bahia Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"These are one of those everyday standbys that you can enjoy every day without being wealthy. The price is reasonable and the taste is dependably consistent. They are medium to slightly right of medium. The finish of this cigar compares favorably to a far more expensive, premium cigar. What I really like about these cigars
(also true of Bahia Blue and Yellow Labels)
I’ve never been a fan of setting a cigar down and coming back the next day, lighting up and smoking the cigar like I’ve just started smoking it. There is usually a bitterness and a terrible mustiness to cigars relighted the next day. Bahia cigars smoke almost just as well the next day. Very little bitterness. They are a medium draw. Very few are badly rolled. They are well made and the binder is nicely oily. I’ve smoked a lot of brands and have many favorites but few cigars I’ve smoked were this great the second day, like these are. What more can you ask?"
Bahia Maduro,4 out of 5,Bahia Maduro,"Nice price, nice cigars, could be 'softer'"
Bahia Maduro,5 out of 5,An excellent cigar.,An excellent cigar.
Bahia Maduro,3 out of 5,Good value,Buy these regularly. Often cut them in half when I don’t have time to smoke a full length Churchill. Great full bodied smoke for a good price.
Bahia Maduro,5 out of 5,Will be buying again,"Excellent flavor, nicely wrapped...doesn't unravel near the end. Will buy again."
Bahia Maduro,5 out of 5,"Wanted to try for a while, I am very glad I did!",Lots of flavor through the whole cigar with a little extra punch of flavor at the end. The cigar had a nice burn and feel to it. Definitely on my list to buy again.
Bahia Maduro,5 out of 5,Delicious Cigars,"good quality, nice and delicious cigars. thanks."
Bahia Maduro,4 out of 5,"Great burn n draw,solid cigar","Great burn n draw,solid cigar for the money
Please send me samples"
Bahia Maduro,4 out of 5,Enjoyable,"Great everyday smoke,good burn"
Bahia Maduro,5 out of 5,Even my fiancé said I smell good after this baby,"Smooth creamy tasty from infinity and beyond.
This is one of the best smokes and by far the best for the price I would easily pay 100 a box and still enjoy every puff."
Bahia Maduro,5 out of 5,Great!,Great!
Bahia Maduro,4 out of 5,put it in your humadore,not bad good second or third choice
Bahia Maduro,3 out of 5,Fair every day cigar,Fair every day cigar
Bahia Maduro,4 out of 5,Good smoke and a good,Good smoke and a good in between size for a shorter party.
Bahia Maduro,4 out of 5,Panchos,Great cigar for the money if the cap stays on
Bahia Maduro,4 out of 5,Great smoke,This is a very nice medum smoke. Nice burn an flavours. Will buy them again for sure.
Bahia Trinidad,4 out of 5,Bahia Trinadad,Several were wrapped too loose and would not stay lit. Had to throw them away.
Bahia Trinidad,4 out of 5,You'll like it!,Great tasting and smooth. You'll like the cigar very much if you're looking for a mid body smoke with pleasing aroma.
Bahia Trinidad,4 out of 5,Good daily smoke,Good daily smoke
Bahia Trinidad,5 out of 5,I’ve bought these a few,I’ve bought these a few times and I enjoy these cigars. Smooth even smoke at a good price.
Bahia Trinidad,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"Great cigar when it's fresh.
I'll buy it again and recommend it to friends."
Bahia Trinidad,4 out of 5,Good cigar for the price !,Tasty cigar would order again...
Bahia Trinidad,5 out of 5,Love the smooth flavor.,Love the smooth flavor.
Bahia Trinidad,5 out of 5,Good smoke-good taste,Good smoke-good taste
Bahia Trinidad,3 out of 5,good,"good daily cigar smoke, I've had these many years ago, I remember they were way better"
Bahia Trinidad,5 out of 5,Husband Approved!,Husband appreciated and is looking forward to enjoying them when the weather warms up.
Bahia Trinidad,5 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth
Bahia Trinidad,4 out of 5,Bahia Trinadad,"This is a nice easy smoke, and the price makes it very affordable.... love these cigars"
Bahia Trinidad,5 out of 5,excellent cigar medium mild,excellent cigar medium mild
Bahia Trinidad,3 out of 5,Smoked well.,"Good roll, good burn, but didn't like the after taste."
Bahia Trinidad,3 out of 5,Not as fresh and smooth,Not as fresh and smooth as desired
Bahia Trinidad,5 out of 5,Very smoith,Very smoith
Bahia Trinidad,3 out of 5,Good fishing stick,Good beach burner while fishing.
Bahia Trinidad,4 out of 5,Good value,Good value
Bahia Trinidad,5 out of 5,These are very mild.,These are very mild.
Bahia Trinidad,4 out of 5,Bahia Beauty,What a consistant smoke and draw.. All 20 of themmmreal dwal!
Bahia Trinidad,5 out of 5,"Good cigar, Great Service","I called to inquire about these Bahia’s.
Ashley Rivera was awesome- answered my questions, sent me addresses of closest stores, and was a great rep for your company. People make a company great, and Ashley Rivera lived up to it. Many thanks....Larry."
Bahia Trinidad,5 out of 5,They are very good all,They are very good all three brands so good
Bahia Trinidad,4 out of 5,Better than expected!,Always a steady burn and ash. A taste and smoke that moves you to at least one a day. Need to see if I can get some more at that price!
Bahia Trinidad,4 out of 5,Excellent Smoke,"I thoroughly enjoy this smoke, great flavor and consistently good construction."
Bahia Trinidad,4 out of 5,Pretty good,Nice for a burner
Bahia Trinidad,4 out of 5,Pleasantly mild and tasteful,"Mild, but tasty! I actually wanted to by the Bahia Brazil’s but they were out of stock. I was pleasantly surprised at this cigar. It makes a great early afternoon cigar."
Bahia Trinidad,3 out of 5,fair..,they are ok. the draw is weak. the blue bands are much better imo.
Bahia Trinidad,4 out of 5,good smoke. good price.,good smoke. good price.
Bahia Trinidad,5 out of 5,There a great cigar but,There a great cigar but they were just a little dried up
Bahia Trinidad,2 out of 5,The best way to describe this purchase was inconsinconsistent,"I had purchased the Blu, and was quite happy for what they were. An i inexpensive"
Bahia Trinidad,4 out of 5,Pretty decent,I like the cigars but they were delivered a bit dried out. When they were ready to smoke you could tell it was a decent cigar but many of them burned awkwardly.
Bahia Trinidad,3 out of 5,Good solid smoke. Oily wrapper.,Good solid smoke. Oily wrapper. Nice construction.
Bahia Trinidad,4 out of 5,good draw and mild .,good draw and mild . my type of cigars
Bahia Trinidad,3 out of 5,Just OK,These seem to be made well and burn good. I bought them based on the flavor description. I don't find them to match that. They aren't a bad cigar. I just find the flavor to not be anything impressive. There are a lot of other options out there in this price range that are much better.
Bahia Trinidad,2 out of 5,Dry?,I was excited to try these at such a good price. But so far 95% of the ones I have tried have split and cracked as soon as I took them out of the wrapper. Other than that it’s a nice smoke.
Bahia Trinidad,4 out of 5,"Good smooth, medium smoke.",I've had about 10 of these and they are consistent and tasy.
Bahia Trinidad,5 out of 5,Love it!,Love this cigar! Not too light and not too heavy.
Bahia Trinidad,5 out of 5,First Bahia purchase,Great burn with nice mild to moderate taste. Will purchase again.
Bahia Trinidad,2 out of 5,Wrappers Dried Out,Flavor is fair but very hard to draw out due to the wrappers cracking and falling apart.
Bahia Trinidad,5 out of 5,Great buy,A very good and cigar with consistent quality. Can not be beat for the price. Will continue to buy while available
Bahia Trinidad,1 out of 5,Too much effort for too little enjoyment.,"The cigars were so tight that they needed to be rodded three times to get sufficient air through it. This was not the only problem, because the wrapper leaf would split in multiple spots or just unravel completely."
Bahia Trinidad,1 out of 5,Horrible cigar,I returned them. The tobacco was bitter and there was no aromatic scent to them at all. Definitely overpriced for what they were supposed to be according to the advertising.
Bahia Trinidad,5 out of 5,Great service!,Good products! fast shipping! thanks!
Bahia Trinidad,5 out of 5,cheap price NOT such a good deal,"The first cigar tasted old and dry. The wrapper fell off half way through the smoke. I won't buy them again. If the deal looks too good to be true, then it probably is!!!!"
Bahia Trinidad,5 out of 5,great cigar smooth,great cigar smooth
Bahia Trinidad,5 out of 5,Yum Yum,Iwas impressed with them. Smooth even smoke. Hope Santa brings me a box.
Bahia Trinidad,5 out of 5,Bahia Trinidad Torpedo and Belicoso,"This is my ""go to"" cigar. When I share them with friends, they cannot believe the quality and taste. Cigars International offers the best pricing, shipping and customer service!"
Bahia Trinidad,5 out of 5,"Tasty cigar,",Good draw and even burn. Trinidad might just be my favorite Bahia.
Bahia Trinidad,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"The Bahia is a great cigar, perfect fit after lunch, good and smoky and nice nutty flavor with hints of cedar"
Bahia Trinidad,5 out of 5,Good golf course cigar,Very nice smooth burning cigar on and off the course.
Balmoral Anejo XO,5 out of 5,A Serious Smoke for Real Cigar Smokers,"Got my first sample via the Little Puff event in DC, and what an incredibly pleasant surprise. Had not heard of the brand, but this is a real cigar not for the faint of heart. Rich, with hints of pepper and leather. It burned evenly, drew easily, produced thick, billowing smoke and held a stable, hearty ash. It packs a nicotine punch akin to that of the Tatuaje cazadore, so if you like a stick that lets you know you are smoking a serious cigar, this one is for you. It quickly earned a permanent spot in my humidor and pairs nicely with a bourbon on those occasions when you are looking for a total experience. This is not an everyday smoke unless you are a nicotine fiend."
Balmoral Anejo XO,5 out of 5,Balmoral Anejo XO Lancero - very smooth and balanced experience.,I prefer maduro/oscuro type of cigars with the sweeter and spicier finish and was very plesantly surprised when tried this one for the first time at my cigar shop. Balmoral Anejo XO Lancero delivered very smooth experience closer to medium finish. Going to get a box for myself.
Balmoral Anejo XO Connecticut,4 out of 5,Great little smoke.,Great little smoke.
Balmoral Anejo XO Connecticut,5 out of 5,Balmoral Anejo XO Connecticut,Well constructed. Very satisfying smoke.
Balmoral Anejo XO Connecticut,5 out of 5,Omg! Very good cigar!,O.g! Very good cigar! Smooth and light woody notes a d white pepper taste!
Balmoral Anejo XO Connecticut,5 out of 5,My new favorite cigar!,"I found this one for the first time a few months ago when a shop owner recommended it to me because I was looking for something that had PA tobacco in it, and when I lit it up, I said ""Wow, this is so smooth!"" I love the mild notes and the creamy vanilla taste. My favorite size is the corona because it smokes cool and flavorful!"
Balmoral Anejo XO Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great smoke!!!,"Great draw, burns slow and clean. Great smooth tasting cigar. One for the Top Shelf. Love it."
Balmoral Anejo XO Connecticut,5 out of 5,Super smooth,Super smooth and flavorful for a mild cigar. Great draw.
Balmoral Serie Signaturas Dueto,5 out of 5,Truly Amazing Cigar,These are amazingly good. Wonderful tangible flavors. Great draw. Wonderful burn. A very special cigar.
Bandidos,5 out of 5,My favorite.,"My absolute favorite small cigar. It feels like Christmas morning when they arrive in the mail. Sweet and smooth, burns nice and slow. Probably smoked 360 of these this year alone."
Bandidos,5 out of 5,good smoke like flavor.need free,good smoke like flavor.need free shipping.
Bandidos,4 out of 5,Bandaids Smooth,These are a nice short smoke. They are tasty and inexpensive.
Bandidos,3 out of 5,First time trying these. I,First time trying these. I find them good for a quick smoke. Not to much sweetness and the price was great.
Bandidos,5 out of 5,Love them on the road,Love them on the road and while working. Great taste. Burn well.
Bandidos,4 out of 5,Bandidos,Pleased with them although some were so loose with holes they could not be smoked. Wanted to order more but you won’t have them for awhile.
Bandidos,5 out of 5,can't beat it for a,can't beat it for a quick hitter
Bandidos,4 out of 5,Good for a quick smoke.,Good for a quick smoke. In joy the flavor of the cigar.
Bandidos,4 out of 5,Great Little Cigar,"I love the Bandidos for a short satisfying smoke while reading or enjoying a quick adult beverage on the deck. I am frustrated of late with the statement, ""Out of Stock"" or ""Delayed for 30 Days."" May check out other vendors."
Bandidos,4 out of 5,Love them,I love these little guys for a working in the yard or shop or best in the boat with a cold beer. A must have for me
Bandidos,5 out of 5,Bandidos,"Great quality, fast shipping"
Bandidos,5 out of 5,Great things in a small package,These little jewels are small and tasty and last just the right amount of time for a short break in the heat! Yes I live in Arizona nothing like a cold glass of iced tea and a stogie on the porch!
Bandidos,5 out of 5,The Best Buy for the,The Best Buy for the money
Bandidos,5 out of 5,"Smooth, just sweet enough, quick","Smooth, just sweet enough, quick and cheap."
Bandidos,4 out of 5,Good overall with a few issues,Generally a good 20 minute smoke. Rarely I will get a bundle that is harsh and sometimes rare cigars tend to canoe. Good draw and sweet taste.
Bandidos,5 out of 5,Love emmm!!!,Love emmm!!!
Bandidos,5 out of 5,Great fine,I spend most my time just chewing on them but they are a great smoke. Not the finest but keep in mind it a burning leaf in your mouth 😀
Bandidos,5 out of 5,cigar,good tasting cigar
Bandidos,4 out of 5,Good short smokes,Good short smokes
Bandidos,5 out of 5,How I like Bandidos,They are not real good looking but I enjoy their taste makes a nice 10 to 15 min break I really 😉
Bandidos,5 out of 5,Perfect little cigar,love these. I smoke a couple a day. Smooth and quick.
Bandidos,5 out of 5,they are good.,they are good.
Bandidos,5 out of 5,Quality,This product is awesome; the only issue I have is the uncertainty of the delivery since I have to find out the product is missing or lost while on transit after two weeks
Bandidos,5 out of 5,Great price,Great price
Bandidos,5 out of 5,My go to quick fix!,"Great smoke when you don't have a lot time. Yes, they're ugly, yes sometimes you get a clunker, but overall they're a great little knock around smoke. Perfect when doing yard work, or wrenching in the garage!"
Bandidos,5 out of 5,I don’t always have time,I don’t always have time to smoke a full size cigar. Bandidos are perfect for a 15- 20 minute smoke. Sweet and tasty!
Bandidos,5 out of 5,Just exactly what I like.,"The band deep roots are tough, mean little cigarillos that do not pack much of a punch, really. They are just what they are. Always smoke smooth, just the exact right amount of time and I'm coming home from work, pain or just right for what I want in a cigarillo. If you are all highfalutin, don't get the Bandido."
Bandidos,5 out of 5,Bandidos Smooth,I have always loved these. Perfect for a quick smoke. I received them within 2 days after I placed my order
Bandidos,5 out of 5,Often plugged by chunks of,"Often plugged by chunks of filler, making for uneven burn and difficult draw."
Bandidos,5 out of 5,nice,always a enjoy
Bandidos,5 out of 5,Bandidos,Really enjoy these cigars for a short smoke
Bandidos,5 out of 5,Small size. Big surprise...,"Bandidos hit the spot any time you need a few
minutes of uninterrupted pleasure..."
Bandidos,5 out of 5,My new go to gar,"I was a little hesitant to order these but figured for the price why not. These have rapidly become my go to gar of choice when I'm working in the yard or when pressed for time. They're slightly sweetened on the tips, burn evenly and have a nice light draw. Just try them already, you won't be sorry!!!"
Bandidos,4 out of 5,Great flavor excellent ring size,Great flavor excellent ring size
Bandidos,4 out of 5,Enjoyed,Tasty little stick. I enjoy this one while driving or during a short work break. This one is a 15-20mins smoke but packs plenty of flavor with a mild strength. Recommend it.
Bandidos,5 out of 5,Great little cigar,Great little cigar for a great price.
Bandidos,5 out of 5,Bandidos. Great little smoke,Great love them. All. I smoke.
Bandidos,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great quick smoke. Really enjoyable. Only complaint is I wish it lasted longer because the flavor is spot on. But love it anyway.
Bandidos,5 out of 5,Love 'em,I've tried several different cheroots. Hands down these are the best. Great for a quick smoke. Always satisfying.
Bandidos,5 out of 5,Bandidos,Great quick smoke!!!!
Bandidos,5 out of 5,Daily Go To,These are perfect for break time and when time is an issue. Pretty well made considering
Bandidos,4 out of 5,Decent quick smoke,Decent quick smoke
Bandidos,5 out of 5,Great 4x a day smoke,"Great smoke for what they are. Some can come a bit unwrapped, sloppy, but that's part of the charm. The flavors are amazing, nice earthy with a tad of sweetness. So glad I decided to try them out for an everyday (every few hours) smoke."
Bandidos,4 out of 5,Good Little Smoke,Bought these as a quick puff and they fit the bill perfectly. They are only a four because the sweet dissipates quickly. All in all they are great for the money.
Bandidos,5 out of 5,they are great cicars,they are great cicars
Bandidos,5 out of 5,Awesome!,Awesome!
Bandidos,5 out of 5,Excellent!,Excellent!
Bandidos,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,Loved the experience.
Bandidos,5 out of 5,Good banditos,"Nice and tight backwoods, Clint Eastwood style cigar. Great for having a quick cigar break"
Bandidos,5 out of 5,great little cigar at a,great little cigar at a awsome price
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,Awesome product,Great little cigarillo/cheroot for the money. Well worth it.
Bandidos Black,3 out of 5,Smaller... meh...,"Original Bandidos are bursting at the seams in the little burlap bag they come in... These Black n' Rich ones are not as plump and marginally shorter on average, so the bag is just sort of meh compared to the originals... Not impressed overall."
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,A very pleasant surprise.,"I'm not a fan of flavored cigars but the slight addition of sweetness gives this little gem another dimension of enjoyment. It's perfect for the afternoon coffee break. Strong but not harsh with good smoke volume. Decent construction, consistency and therefore good cost performance. Sure hope these stay in stock because I'll surely be back for more."
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,Great!,"These are great and for a small smoke deliver a lot of flavor. They aren’t neat but that makes them awesome. Looks like a stick for a pirate. Lighting them is easy, storing them is easy, and so is smoking them. Very well done."
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,Smooth class,Bandidos a relaxing moment in time. Very cool! Thank you!
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,Bandidos Black Dark,Great for when you don’t have time for a larger cigar. Taste great and very smooth. I make sure to always have them stocked up.
Bandidos Black,4 out of 5,Band idols,Band idols
Bandidos Black,3 out of 5,Just Enough,When you want a quiet moment it’s the perfect fit
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,"Yep, Outstanding","Great for a quick smoke, hard to get lately"
Bandidos Black,4 out of 5,A bit skinny and strong,A bit skinny and strong but a real nice smoke.
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,Cigars,Great smoking and chewing
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,nice short smoke,great cigar 4 the coin
Bandidos Black,4 out of 5,Good Alternative,"I like the Dark N Rich Banditos, second only to the Sweet and MIld Banditos which seem to be out of stock A LOT. Dark N Rich are a bit smaller in diameter, so different mouth feel. They ARE tasty little suckers"
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,Great cigar! Perfect everyday smoke.,Great cigar! Perfect everyday smoke.
Bandidos Black,3 out of 5,Ok while on the riding mower...,"I prefer the original Bandidos. These can be harsh and bitter plus almost everyone of them canoes. That said, these are way better than the box of La Aurora Principes I just bought. Those things are gross."
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,Very Nice.,"Nice smoke. Before these I did the Smooth and Sweet ones. I like both. For me it seemed like I got a quicker and harder buzz on these then the others, but that might be because I had a fast paced day today and finally sat down to relax. Seem fine to me. Good aroma."
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,Well Received Gift,I purchased these as a gift for a friend - they love them.
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,One of my new fav's,Great smoke! go's well with bourbon.
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,Rating,I have enjoyed them.
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,Love them,Very enjoyable! Sweet! Great 15min smoke!
Bandidos Black,4 out of 5,Tasty,Tasty
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,Great Flavor!,Very nice smoke with a depth of flavor I have rarely found in small cigarillos. Great for the golf course.
Bandidos Black,4 out of 5,Serves its purpose,"As advertised! A knockout with my ranch hat, could be in Clint Eastwood spaghetti western. Otherwise great 20 min smoke when sun peeks out just long enough during polar vortex."
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,look out humidor meet your new friend,i thought the other bandidos were good.s..t these r great hope u can keep them instock......
Bandidos Black,3 out of 5,sold smoke option for quick smoke,"Tried these for the first time...similar to the regular bandidos, quick smoke..ok give 3 stars"
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,Great little smokes!,Bought these to smoke while I do my chores. Perfect for that. Will order again when I get through these.
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,Nice Short Smoke,"A good little taster for a short golf-course veranda visit.,"
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,MORE FLAVOR,I like these better than the other brand of Bandidos...
Bandidos Black,3 out of 5,OK for the price,The Banditos are much harsher than what I expected. Tips are nicely flavored tho. I will finish the pack but will look for another product next time I want a quick cheroot
Bandidos Black,3 out of 5,Enjoyable quick smoke that wont,Enjoyable quick smoke that wont hurt your wallet. I would suggest if you like Backwoods this is a alternative that might become your go to for a cigar lover with little time.
Bandidos Black,4 out of 5,Good little smoke,Good little smoke
Bandidos Black,4 out of 5,Great little smoke,Great little smoke
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,Great 15minute smoke,Just tried these and love the flavor. Look bad taste great.
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,smooth and tasty,These bandido dark and rich satisfy every need that a regular smoker enjoys. The sweet taste and smooth aroma give me more than one could expect. Please don't tun out of my favorites.
Bandidos Black,4 out of 5,Nice,"Pretty sweet. Smooth. Gets a little bitey towards the end. Good quick, or working outside smoke"
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,Good,Good
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,Bandidos,Great Smoke
Bandidos Black,3 out of 5,Eh.......I'm sticking with the Original version.,"Not rolled as well as the originals. When they did smoke well, it was a good Lil stick. I am sticking with the Originals and just ordered a 2 fer."
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,Great Flavor,Nice and smooth
Bandidos Black,4 out of 5,Don't draw as well as standard bandidos.,They don't draw as well as standard bandidos.
Bandidos Black,4 out of 5,Bandidos - Dark and Rich,good smoke
Bandidos Black,4 out of 5,Nice,Nice
Bandidos Black,4 out of 5,Good but not as good as sweet and mild,Not as excited bout theses as the sweet and milds. A bit harsher and not rolled as well. Am a big bandido fan so will keep some in inventory when the others are on backorder which seems to be often
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,Dark and Delicious,"These little gem's are delicious got the sweetest taste I think these are sweeter than the mild and sweet,perfect burn and all kinds of flavor."
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,Bandidos Black,Not as strong as the original but I like them. I'm ordering more.
Bandidos Black,3 out of 5,"Good flavor, hard draw","These are just as good as their predecessor in flavor. My only issue is most are rolled way too tightly. Out of about a dozen so far, 75% are hard to get a draw on and require some fenessing to be good. That’s the only reason I’m giving it 3/5."
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,Bandidos Dark n' Rich,"A little pricey for what they are, but a pretty good smoke overall. Just a bit sweeter than Bandidos smooth n' sweet"
Bandidos Black,1 out of 5,Not for me...,"Although I bought a few bundles of these since the regular bandidos were out of stock I will not purchase again... I'm smoking on my first bundle but they have an off putting taste, especially about half way thru the cigar... I have more loose tobacco in my mouth than any other brand I have smoked... You might try a bundle to see if you like the taste but I was disappointed in these..."
Bandidos Black,4 out of 5,Okay,"Don't see much difference from the regulars. Still, a good quick smoke at a fair price. I'll probably stick with the regs."
Bandidos Black,5 out of 5,Dark n' Rich,These little guys are great tasting quick smokes. Perfect for when you don't have time for a long smoke and still want a lot of flavor. Great price as well!
Belstaff Bond,5 out of 5,Very Enjoyable,Belstaf is becoming one of my favorites! Great flavor all the way to the end with a very firm wrap.
Belstaff Bond,5 out of 5,My new favorite!,Great flavor and an excellent long lasting smoke! Has a really nice aroma and is surprisingly mild.
Belstaff Bond,5 out of 5,Belstaff Bond Robusto,"Great cigar,I just received my second box."
Belstaff Bond,3 out of 5,Good short smoke,"This is a good smoke, nice mild taste. Enjoy it!"
Belstaff Bond,5 out of 5,Belstaff Robusto,"Terrific smoke, easy and consistent draw, nice construction."
Belstaff Bond,5 out of 5,Belstaff robusto,"Good golf course cigar, nice construction, a bit bitey at times but not bad. Great lighter with the deal!"
Belstaff Bond,4 out of 5,A favorable flavor,"This cigar has a very good flavor. But the burn requires constant attention. They have a tendency to go out a little too easily. Aside from that detail, it's worth the price. The flavor is consistant."
BG Meyer Gigantes,4 out of 5,BG Meyer Gigantes 54,I have been smoking this cigar for a while and it has been very consistent with the flavor and construction. The flavors are very unique. Try find r yourself
BG Meyer Gigantes,5 out of 5,Great right out of the,Great right out of the box good even draw
BG Meyer Gigantes,5 out of 5,BG Meyer Excellent,A great cigar. Even taste and burn.
BG Meyer Gigantes,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,Excellent cigar
BG Meyer Gigantes,5 out of 5,Great taste. Very good draw.,Great taste. Very good draw. Nice ash. Good burn. Overall a very good stick.
BG Meyer Gigantes,4 out of 5,"Nice, full bodied cigar. Good","Nice, full bodied cigar. Good value."
BG Meyer Gigantes,4 out of 5,great taste,pleasantly surprised what a taste!
BG Meyer Gigantes,5 out of 5,These won't be around forever...heard,These won't be around forever...heard the blend just didn't have the impact the company hoped - get'em and smoke them while you can (balanced full flavored - A+ addition to your humidor)
BG Meyer Gigantes,5 out of 5,My faves so far,Boom!
BG Meyer Gigantes,4 out of 5,Good smooth medium body,Starts out smooth and stays that way to the end. Light leather nuance to the nose and mild wood flavor.
BG Meyer Gigantes,5 out of 5,Awesome smoke all the way,Awesome smoke all the way to the nub! Will definitely order more of these!
BG Meyer Gigantes,5 out of 5,Would buy again!,Would buy again!
BG Meyer Gigantes,4 out of 5,A favorite smoke,"This has become my ‘go to’ for the golf course, camping 🏕 and the hot tub."
BG Meyer Gigantes,5 out of 5,Great smokes!,I wish I would have tried them sooner!
BG Meyer Gigantes,5 out of 5,Good smoke,"Good price, Good taste"
BG Meyer Gigantes,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,"Nice smooth cigar with a good burn. Very similar to my other favorite, Sitka Signatures which are no longer available at CI."
BG Meyer Gigantes,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
BG Meyer Gigantes,5 out of 5,BG Meyer Gigantes,"My husband thinks these are the best cigars he has smoked in a while, second time I have bought for him."
BG Meyer Gigantes,3 out of 5,Good,Good
BG Meyer Gigantes,5 out of 5,Equal to or better than anything else I've had,"These are now a regular for me, as my ""treat"" cigar. These are equal to or better than anything else I have ever had."
BG Meyer Gigantes,5 out of 5,"High quality, well constructed, flavorful cigar.","High quality, well constructed, flavorful cigar."
BG Meyer Gigantes,5 out of 5,I made a huge mistake.,"I only bought one box.
From the get go this little robusto produced copious quantities of delicious smoke. I had no idea they would be this good. Good looking with a prefect burn. I will buy more. If they go on sale again I will buy two boxes"
BG Meyer Gigantes,4 out of 5,BG MEYER 56,"Well rolled, good flavor, good smoke"
BG Meyer Gigantes,5 out of 5,Pmg,Very good smoke full body with a good price
BG Meyer Gigantes,5 out of 5,Magnificant Gigante Cali,"I bought a box of 20 of the 5 X 54 and have now had them in the humidor for three weeks. Tried one today. Wow!!
Plenty of smoke from start to finish. A hearty but mellowed tobacco flavor. Just a strong great smoke. It was a thumb burner. Did not want to put it down. I will buy ot again!!"
BG Meyer Gigantes,5 out of 5,A great cigar in a cool box!,I ordered a box of these on sale and all I can say is I should ahve ordered 3 or 4 boxes. I have picked up other BG Meyer cigars on deals and every one was a excellent smoke. Well made with a sharp burn and excellent smoke.
BG Meyer Gigantes,5 out of 5,Great little smoke,Great little smoke
BG Meyer Gigantes,5 out of 5,Best place to buy Cigars,I aways have fast and grate service with everyone at CI and fast delivery. thanks again Cody.
BG Meyer Gigantes,5 out of 5,New smokes,"Always like trying something different, this time it was the BG Meyer Gigantes. Was definitely not disappointed!!"
Big Papi by David Ortiz,5 out of 5,Mr. David Ortiz,Great weekend golfing with big papi cigars...
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,I loved them,I loved them
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,great,great
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,Black and Mild Wine flavored wood tipped,"First, it's been difficult finding this flavor in quantity. Fortunately, CI had these in stock. These are my wife's brand and she shares them with her girlfriends. We received them quickly and all were fine. Will be ordering again."
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,Black & Mild,Love Cigar International. Fast service & always fresh inventory.
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,Always get in a timely,Always get in a timely matter thank you
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,Mild Jazz,Smooth & pleasant aroma
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,Black&Mild,"My husband loves these cigars, and I personally LOVE the aroma and a lot of nonsmokers also like the aroma and don't find them offensive."
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,Cigar on hand !!!,"Great on time delivery , continue to strive better"
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,Black and mild wine,great
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,Enjoying,"I like the black & Mild wood tips, I've tried others but go back. A little pricey but still ok"
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,"bought them for my wife,","bought them for my wife, she loves them"
Black & Mild,4 out of 5,Good taste for a quick,Good taste for a quick smoke
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,Very excellent taste,Very excellent taste
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,Good price.,Good price.
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,Great for the price,"Smooth, and long lasting"
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,Great for the price,The best deal ever.
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,A quick treat.,"Tasty, flavorful and satisfying. A quick alternative to a slow smoke. Not too obtrusive in mixed company as the aroma pleases most people who normally object to strong tobacco odor. This cigarillo actually is quite aromatic."
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,The best,Love it!!
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,Fresh,Fresh
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,Best,Best
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,good,Taste good
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,gold and mild,"great cigar. women say they smell like there grandfather pipe. Little hot near the end, but good for 90%"
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,I am a smoker. I,I am a smoker. I enjoy the opportunity to shop without go to town.
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,Middleton wine,Great cigars. Love them!!
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,Middleton wine cigars,They are great
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,Great taste,My husband loves the flavor.
Black & Mild,4 out of 5,Good smooth tasty smoke,Good smooth tasty smoke
Black & Mild,3 out of 5,"Not bad, not my favourites","Not bad, not my favourites"
Black & Mild,4 out of 5,Good Value,Good value for the occasional user with smooth pipe tobacco flavor.
Black & Mild,4 out of 5,Satisfied,Satisfied
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,The best!!!!,They are the best blacks!!!
Black & Mild,4 out of 5,Shipping improved.,Shipping improved.
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,it was great I will,it was great I will order again.
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,Wood tip Black and Mild,"Great little cigar for the times you can’t take to enjoy a full smoke. Easy draw, pipe tobacco is great for a quick smoke."
Black & Mild,3 out of 5,Condor 4.25 inch,it was ok
Black & Mild,4 out of 5,"Black and mild,wine",Smooth taste pleasantly surprised
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,Great,Great!
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,Great,Great taste and great price.
Black & Mild,4 out of 5,Black n mild,"I like to burn one of these during the day, it satisfies my need for a quick smoke and never offends people around me, in fact they really like the pipe tobacco aroma. Can't beat the deal from CI,!!"
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,B & M Jazz,Love the smell and taste
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,LOVE BLACK AND MILDS ORIGINAL CIGARS!,These cigars are very smooth and everyone seems to like them. Even those who smoke cigarettes will ask to bum a B&M.
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,Black and mild,Good daily smokes keep the price low.
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,smooth and tastey,Inexpensive small cigar with rich taste and smooth.
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,KC,All is good.
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,Black and mild,Excellent smoke
Black & Mild,4 out of 5,Black and Mild review,Great little cigar if you want a smoke after a meal or a quick smoke anytime.
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,Black &Mild Wine Wood Tip,"They are a great little cigars. The wine wood tip, are liked by all. Need to order more. Every one likes a small cigar. Great at parties."
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,Middleton Black & Mild,I've been smoking Black & Mild for a long time.Tried other brands over the years but always went back.I love the aroma and flavor.Wish you would go back to the 4 unit discount price.Hope you continue to carry this brand.
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,Awesome service,Received my items on time and in perfect condition
Black & Mild,5 out of 5,BLACK & MILD CHERRY,*****
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,"Really like the cigars, but","Really like the cigars, but shipping cost and tax add 25% to bill. Everything goes up except my paycheck !"
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"Great little cigar, pleasant aroma."
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Good cigar,"Thank you for fast shipment , but I still didn't get my refund from the fist order I didn't get Thank you for being a good company John A."
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Good price and fast delivery.,Good price and fast delivery.
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Best deal,"These are by far the best deal I have found on cigarillos, thanks"
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Good tipped cigar,Seller corrected error in initial USPS delivery and then product received in timely manner.
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Always happy with orders,I know the cigar's are not the big expensive ones but it's what I like and CI always has them and for the best price. Thanks
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Excelent,Very nice cigar
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Owner/Operator,there outstanding
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Love 'em. Keep a pack handy at all times.,"Great daily, while you're working, tinkering or just hanging out smoke. I like the flavor and the aroma of these Blackstone Cigarillos. They're also the first smoke that my wife didn't have loud objections to. This 100 pack is an awesome money saver. I am re-ordering now. And, this will probably be my favorite smoke (aside from the times when I really want one of my more expensive Churchills and some brandy."
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Great Cigarillo,The pipe tobacco gives it a nice smooth flavor easy to smoke
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Not Bad,Good value
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Good flavor,My cigar of choice
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Goodcigars,Goodcigars
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,👍,👍
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,They are a fine cigar,They are a fine cigar for my husband
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,WE LIKE THEM,wWE REALLY LIKE THESE!
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,My Husbands favorite.,We order them monthly great price and service.
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Amazing product,"I have been smoking these for years. Smooth taste, sugary tip, mild. Sometimes you get the occasionally broken cigarillo but other than that, great product."
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Try These,Great Cigarillos
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Cigars,"Great value, for a smoothe smoke!"
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,black stone,There outstanding for short term smoking.
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Great mini cigar at a,Great mini cigar at a great price. Thanks
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Late delivery,Ordered on may 25. This is June 3. Have not received my order.
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,SATISFIED CUSTOMER,Thanks for the many choices of quality products
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,BLACKSTONE CHERRY TIP CIGARILLOS,"THEY ARE GOOD TIP CIGARILLOS FOR MALE OR FEMALES TO SMOKE!
THEY GO OUT IF YOU LAY THEM DOWN IN AN ASHTRAY!
THEY BURN SLOW! THEY DON'T TASTE BAD!"
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Cigar,Vero good service from you.
Blackstone Cigars,4 out of 5,Blackstone Cherry,"Vacationing in Florida, a little slow on delivery. Besides that, it is all good."
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Not what you think,Simple old school cigar
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Nice.,I like them very much. Always good qulity.
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Tasty,Gotta Have 'em.
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Great little cigar,Been smoking these for years as when I smoke one people around me love the smell of them and don't ask me to put it out. I smoke them in my house and they don't stink it up like other cigars or cigarettes do. Great little mild cigar.
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Fast delivery. Good price.,Fast delivery. Good price.
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,A mild cigar,"This cigar has proven to be a mild and non aggressive smoke I have ever experienced.
I gave up smoking cigarettes years ago and started to smoke BLACK STONE CHERRY, IT PROVED TO BE gentle and did not effect my voice its aromatic smell is well received by all who smells it and leaves no lingering foul odor.
I am making an order now."
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,cigars,I purchase these cigars for my husband he enjoys them he has been smoking theses for years I just hate paying for shipping but what do you do!! 5 star
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Cigars,I like the cigars very much ch
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Everything was just fine,Everything was just fine
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Blackstone cherry,smooooooooth.
Blackstone Cigars,4 out of 5,Good taste and aroma,Good taste and aroma
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Blackstone Cherry Tips,I buy this a lot for my friend that is a veteran. He was told by his doctor that these were the best for his health if he was going to continue smoking.
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Blackstone cigars,Very mild cigar great price
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,really enjoy,really enjoy
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Cigars for wife,She loves the cherry flavor cigars and a drink in the evening on the deck weather permitting.
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,A pleasure to do business,A pleasure to do business with. Cheap prices
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Perfect!,Love the cherry flavor and with super fast shipping along with low prices you can't beat it!!
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Repeat Customer,"I have ordered from this company a few times now and have never been disappointed with the quality of the cigars or the fast shipping. The cigars are fresh, packed and arrive without breaks or any delay. Will continue to order."
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Great value,Great value
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Perfect cigar for pipe smokers,These are the perfect cigars for pipe smokers that want a no hassle smoke away from home.
Blackstone Cigars,5 out of 5,Casino,You can smoke them in certain casinos in Florida and not cigars
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,BRM,"Great taste, very affordable, perfect size if you don’t have 45 minutes to smoke a cigar."
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,blood red moon,"great price for a great cigar. good draw ,I will be ordering them again."
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,In the morning,"I've been looking for a nice breakfast cigar for a while, I ordered these a month ago and I am enjoying the first one right now it's 6 in the morning. I like a little bit of strength but nothing too overpowering this early in the morning these are perfect that's all there is to say the right size the right amount of flavor great cigar thank you. I will be reordering"
Blood Red Moon,4 out of 5,Short but smooth,Good small cigar for the money!
Blood Red Moon,4 out of 5,Blood Red Moon - Good Small Cigar,"Great for a small size cigar, flavor was very good, nice aroma,the burn was perfect and for a smaller cigar, it lasted quite a long time."
Blood Red Moon,4 out of 5,Connecticut,"Great taste, but burns unequally too frequently, and sometimes wrapped too tightly."
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,great lilltle smoke,nice smoke for the cold days your outside.
Blood Red Moon,4 out of 5,Small size big flavor,I have been looking for a smaller but flavorful Nicaragua cigar. I think I have found one.
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,Great cigars,Great cigars
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,Better than I expected...,These would be good even at a higher price. The maduro may be my new favorite cigar.
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,A Nice Quick Smoke!,"These Blood Red Moon's are a great, quick, and satisfying smoke!"
Blood Red Moon,4 out of 5,Good little smoke,Bought these for my wife but I like them also
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,A real gem,"These little cigars are a great, quick, and tasty smoke."
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,Small and delicious,Great for when I don't have much time for a long smoke
Blood Red Moon,4 out of 5,They are real good at,They are real good at the start towards the end they get a little harsh
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,Great small,Good smoke when time is precious.
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,Nice tasting cigar,Like the taste of this cigar. Good when a short smoke is needed
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,little with big flAVOR,A VERY NICE EASY CIGAR TO SMAOKE.
Blood Red Moon,4 out of 5,Blood Red Moon,Nice even burn and a nice flavor without being to strong. Good evening cigar to relax.
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,Good things in a small package!,I purchased the maduro packs and was pleasantly surprised. I had been trying different smaller cigars to smoke when I go traveling and haven’t long for a smoke…none fit the bill…either too short a smoke of they got clogged easily. This cigar fit the bill…just long enough and smoked perfectly!
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,Great shorty.,"I usually don't go for small cigars, but sometimes I don't have an hour or the weather isn't the best. These are perfect to break out in those times. I first had a five pack as a freebie from CI, but came back to buy a pack later when the weather turned cold."
Blood Red Moon,4 out of 5,Great small cigar,Great small cigar
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,Blood Red Moon Habano,"A nice mini perfecto. Great construction,beautiful draw and great flavor. Perfect when you don't have a lot of time. Would buy again."
Blood Red Moon,3 out of 5,Not Terrible,I bought this to have an inexpensive smoke for the winter time when i don't want to be outside for extended periods. It's not a terrible smoke but it has a peculiar taste. It's constructed well but not sure I'm a huge fan of the taste. I'm not sorry I bought them but I'm not sure i will buy them again. We will see how they taste after they have had a long humi-nap.
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,Cult Blood Red Moon,Very good affordable cigar. Nice tasty half hour smoke in the mini corona. Perfect for tundra winters.
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,"Very Good Smoke, Very Good Price",I have had a couple that were tight / blocked but over all I like then a lot. Have reordered and will again when these are done.
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,Purchase of blood red moon perfecto,Thanks for the order. The cigars were top notch. Thanks again Kevin
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,Great small smoke,Great small smoke
Blood Red Moon,4 out of 5,Enjoyable quick smoke,Had 2 so far better than I expected. Nice for when you don't have a lot of time.
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,Fast and GREAT Service!!!,Exceeded my expectations. I will most defiantly be buying again!
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,Tasty!,Tasty!
Blood Red Moon,4 out of 5,A little to hot.,It does have a maduro taste and starts well but it gets to hot to finish.
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,Love the peppery taste.,Love the peppery taste.
Blood Red Moon,3 out of 5,"Woody,earthy and a hint of","Woody,earthy and a hint of sweetness. One dimensional."
Blood Red Moon,3 out of 5,ok but I'll keep looking,"I was looking for a good lawnmower smoke. The construction quality, and draw were perfect however it did not burn very well and went out about 1/3 way through. Taste also also became harsh early."
Blood Red Moon,4 out of 5,"Good smoke, mostly.","Really enjoy these for a quick (30-40 minute) smoke. The maduro has good, not overwhelming flavor. My only disappointment is in the inconsistent roll, with some packed so tight it's nearly impossible to enjoy. Still, I'll buy these again when they're on sale and overlook the occasional tight wrap."
Blood Red Moon,1 out of 5,I've had better,I was looking for a shorter smoke and thought I would try the Corona. Very little flavor. A number of burn issues. I only bought a five pack and I am glad I did. Would not buy these again.
Blood Red Moon,1 out of 5,Disappointed,"Didn't expect a lot. I knew it was a cheap stick , but it was really bad."
Blood Red Moon,2 out of 5,Other,I much preferred the figurados to the mini coronas.
Blood Red Moon,1 out of 5,Not Good,"I have tied and enjoyed other selections from Cult Cigars, but found no redeeming qualities to Blood Red Moon."
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,Very good I would order again,"I am fairly new to cigars and would occasionally smoke a Macanuda. I found the Blood Red Moon to be full of flavor and a real joy to smoke. The gauge and length were perfect for a half hour smoke, which is about the most my wife will put up with."
Blood Red Moon,4 out of 5,MILD-MEDIUM BODY,"I was expecting an intense spicy, and red pepper bomb. Well, that didn't happen. I was disappointed at first, but the second and third sticks I smoked, I appreciated it more for what it is. A mild-medium body, with mild to medium strength. The primary flavor is red pepper spice, but its not super strong, other flavors of mature tobacco, cashew nut, and a light subtle leather on the finish.
If what I described is what you are in the mood for, then give these a go.
I think this cigar is a good choice for a new, or casual cigar smoker, or someone interested in the lighter side with a little spice kick."
Blood Red Moon,2 out of 5,Not As Good As Advertised,I bought two boxes of these (10 cigars) and will not buy any more...two of them had almost no draw. Several of them got too hot to hold (only half-way down!). The taste wasn't too bad if you discount the harshness.
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,Awesome smoke!,"I love these little gems. Probably one of the best 1/2 hour smoke I have ever tried. I will definitely buy and smoke these in the future. Plus, CI is the bomb, I love you guys and gals that work there. Keep up the fantastic job."
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,A Good Little Cigar,"Small, robust, and even smoking all the way down."
Blood Red Moon,4 out of 5,Strange Name but Good Cigar,"Mild with a slight spice. Nice quality stick, and burns well. Can last up to an hour (if you enjoy it and happen to be locked in conversation about who will win the game). I still don't get the name...."
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,Great small cigar.,Great small cigar.
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,Delicious Little Cigar,This is a favorite of mine for kicking off the night.
Blood Red Moon,5 out of 5,I want more!!!!!!,"Perfect if you like flavor, these are perfect for an after dinner chat with the family!!!"
Blood Red Moon,3 out of 5,Small cigar with a big punch,These cigars have a ton of flavor
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,Smooth with no after taste,Smooth with no after taste
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Best Cigar for the cost,"I used to get Jose Llopis, another panamanian cigar from cuban seed. However, that was before they sold the plantation. The B2 is the best full bodied cigar you'll get outside of Cuba and better than many Cubans I've had. Worth far more than you pay for them, B2s are the rare gem true smokers look for."
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,B2 Blue Label,Good tasty smoke. Good construction and burn.
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Always good,Best deal available
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Blue Label B2,"For the price, it may be the best cigar in your catalog."
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,My everyday cigar,"These are my go-to everyday cigar and they are awesome... out on the brush hog, or doing some trenching... great cigar and not so heavy I can't function. And I am not heart broken if I have to walk about from 25% due to working circumstances.... buy it all the time."
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,Not terrible,"These are good for ""bulk"" smoke, but they are getting more expensive"
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,CUBAN BLUE WHEEL,EXCELLENT SMOKE. NO COMPLAINTS.
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,this is my go to,this is my go to knock around gar
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,1 out of 5,Extremely hard draw use the,Extremely hard draw use the draw poker and it’s still hard to draw threw 3 away so far
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,I will definitely buy these,I will definitely buy these again.
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,3 out of 5,Eh,Nothing more than an OK everyday smoke. Good enough to give to give friends.....but not your best friends.
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Holy Smokes,Best value in the catalog
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,Good Stick,"Not a bad smoke, has some hints of leather and spice, medium to strong body depending on the stick . Overall enjoyable, will by again."
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,A good everyday cigar,An everyday smoke. A good burn and tasty.
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Fore the price good smoke,My every day smoke Have smoked for years
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,Good Everyday Cigar after a humi nap,A little mild for my taste. Tried one when they arrived. Not Good! Waited two weeks in 75% humi I use to moisten everyday cigars and they are Very Good Everyday cigars. I suspect that the longer you left them in a humi the better. I got them to be everyday cigars and am satisfied with construction.
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Incredible,Great taste and good burn
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,3 out of 5,Easy way to go.,This may become my go to cigar for the golf course. Lasts seven holes which is great. Good flavor and easy draw.
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Great Value,These are a great every day smoke. Nice medium body and you can''t beat the price for a humidor filling 30 cigars.
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,Outstanding everyday smoke,I have purchased this many times and have always been satisfied. Great taste and even better price.
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,BL/Chba Ncrgn,Gr8 deal as alwys.
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,3 out of 5,Blue Label,"Sometimes you feel Blue because they unravel..... but when they stay intact, they are good"
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,loyal customer,good smoke starting to get a little pricey
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,3 out of 5,"Good value, Good smokes...","They're not Brick House, but then they don't cost eight bucks a stick. Very good smoke, but do remember to draw on them slowly or they will run."
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,2 out of 5,Ehhhhhhhhh,"Not a bad tasting cigar, BUT they all have ""holes"" throughout the length of the cigar. I've ordered the wheels before and never had a problem. I deal with this because of the price and it's a knockoff cigar. Can't win them all."
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,3 out of 5,DHD from Pa,"OK , good draw not as good as the regular Blue Labels"
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,2 out of 5,Blue label,So i ordered these cigars qs are litle cheaper smoke to have when out doing outdoor qctivites.. i must say you get what you pay for and i was not impressed from these uneven burn on the cigar or as it may start tunnleing on you . Overall i do not recomend these cigars for ordered.
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,stugotsy,"like the service like the cigars, didnt like ther price this time,"
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,A very good smoke.,This a serious cigar. You have to put these in a quality humidor and let them sit. The critics of an uneven burn etc...probably did not.
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,3 out of 5,Not for me.,A little bitter. Burns uneven and too fast. I will not buy again.
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,great smoke,"Not necessarily the best that CI has to offer, but differently my go to everyday smoke. Smoke well with a heavy peeper accent. For best smoke let it rest for a couple weeks in the humidor"
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,1 out of 5,flavorless cigar no worth your money,flavorless not worth your time smoking. aged them for months. sorry excuse for a cigar
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Always a staple,"Originally purchased this cigar as a golf smoke, cheap and decent. What happened is they end up as one to look for in the humidor. I make sure to keep this smoke on hand."
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,1 out of 5,Don't waste your time or money.,If I could remove the one star and give this none I would. I'm not usually one to give reviews but I had to comment on how bad these are. Don't waste your money. They are so loosely rolled that you have to squeeze them just to get a draw. First time I have gotten anything this bad from CI. Still my favorite cigar site but never will buy these again.
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,B2 Cuban Wheels Robusto,good everyday cigar with easy draw and fine taste.
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Blue label Cuban,"Great smoke, a must try. You will love the way it burns,even and large ash, b/4 you flip it"
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,3 out of 5,Average. Uneven burn on some.,Quite a few uneven burns. Flavor is in though. Price OK.
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,anytime anywhere,great anytime smoke
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,3 out of 5,Burns fast,"Not bad... good aroma, lightly rolled and burns fast."
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Zero complaints,"Good burn and taste, thoroughly enjoyable. I was surprised to see any negative reviews, but to each his own I guess. I'm ordering more."
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,Great cigars,"Great cigars. I have been trying these for a few years and they are great cigars with a great price, even with the new labels. Try em."
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,2 out of 5,ok for the price,"They were just ok, nothing great."
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,stogies,"love the double toro, taste is great, blue label a bit dry & don't burn evenly"
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,5 out of 5,cigar smoker,good cigar for the value
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,2 out of 5,Don't think I'll get a second time,Based on the first one I smoked this would get no stars. I am letting the others sit in the humidor for a month or so.
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,3 out of 5,blue label,good cigar for the money
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,3 out of 5,Not bad,"A decent daily smoker, good price, pretty good taste. Worst thing is an uneven burn is pretty common."
Blue Label B2 Cuban Wheels,4 out of 5,Good smoke,"Good value. Mostly leather and tobacco with spice and power at the end, medium body. Good draw with a few touch ups."
Bold by Nish Patel,5 out of 5,GREAT. Excellent draw & burn. One of my top 5.,Excellent construction. Tobacco one of the best constructed Cigars’s. You will enjoy.
Bold by Nish Patel,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"Excellent job Nish,the construction and burn are excellent. The draw and smoke is perfect. Nice med-full body.I'll be back for more."
Bold by Nish Patel,5 out of 5,One of my Favorites,"The Rocky Patel Bold's are by far my favorite cigar for the price and quality. When I order them, I have to get a few packages at a time because they can be backordered."
Bolivar,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Lots of flavor. Easy draw. Just a real pleasure to smoke.
Bolivar,5 out of 5,Superb cigar! burns great! I wish I bought more!,Superb cigar! burns great! I wish I bought more!
Bolivar,5 out of 5,Bolivar,It's my go-to cigar.
Bolivar,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Very smooth. Full flavored easy draw
Bolivar,5 out of 5,Black and beautiful,"Although it’s nothing like a Cuban bolivar, it is very good. It is very dark and oily, and beautiful construction. It has A very earthy, oak like, and unsweetened dark chocolate flavor. Not unlike a partagas black label. Love it"
Bolivar,5 out of 5,good cigar,"good flavor and taste great, smokes well."
Bolivar,4 out of 5,Bolivard,Bolivard
Bolivar,4 out of 5,Bolivar Gianti,"Unlit the cigar has the Aromas of eucalyptus , loam and forest floor. When lit the flavors of the Aromas continue combined with burning Hickory. The construction of the cigar is extremely good. It burns very evenly, somewhat of a feat given the size of it."
Bolivar,5 out of 5,The Star of the Show,"This year marked the 10th Holy Smoke at Enders Island. An event created by Father Tom, Ed McCabe myself drew 135 people at our Reserva I and this year we had 436! At the Reserva X I introduced the Enders Island Cigar Club, a pre-event for 15 at which I served The Star of the Show. This Bolivar knocked people’s socks off, and at an event where the Cigar Sponsor brought in 5 different premium cigars there were people that were not “in the club” wanting to buy them from me.
A new favorite among the group. Outstanding."
Bolivar,5 out of 5,"Arrive timely, great service, and","Arrive timely, great service, and an excellent cigar!"
Bolivar,5 out of 5,BEST CIGARS EVER!!!,Best cigars ever!! My favorite cigars of all time
Bolivar,4 out of 5,Bolivar Robusto Crystal (tubos),The overall construction was good but a bit tight on the draw.
Bolivar,5 out of 5,Bolivar,"This cigar is terrific, but i am a big Bolivar fan."
Bolivar,5 out of 5,BOLIVAR ROBUSTO TUBOS,"These are fine cigars at a reasonable price. I like that they are packed in the glass tubes. Always a smooth, even-burning smoke right down to the end."
Bolivar,5 out of 5,Bolivar always a favorite.,"I cannot say enough about all of the bolivar cigars, always a favorite of mine, never miss a beat on them. Continual even smoke throughout, great flavor, burns slow and holds everything you would want in a heater ! A must have."
Bolivar,5 out of 5,A Great Cigar,Really enjoy these - a great smoke from start to finish!
Bolivar,1 out of 5,disappointing,"Far, far from its Cuban namesake. I found it to be somewhat bitter and tasted of immature tobacco. The overall construction was good but a bit tight on the draw. Unlike a quality cigar I found there to be thick, hard leaf stems throughout that caused visible bumps on the surface, like warts on a pickle. Don't think I would smoke another one if it was given to me. I've had better bundle/discount cigars"
Bolivar,4 out of 5,Well worth it,Nice consistent flavor. Kind of a rough feel but great savory scent to them. Really liked them. Some burned a bit off. But always a great CI deal!
Bolivar,4 out of 5,Bolivar still a hero,Great puro...too bad 8 tubo boxes are not available. It always on my humidor right by my la gloria cubana black serie .
Bolivar,4 out of 5,Cool and alright,"all is good no biggy, Thanks Cigar International."
Bolivar,3 out of 5,Not as good as the,"Not as good as the price indicates. Uneven burning, definitely mild."
Bolivar,5 out of 5,..i will order again as soon they are available.,wow what a cigar !!
Bolivar,4 out of 5,Bolivar gigante..,Wow..what a tasty cigar..beautiful color..i will order again.
Bolivar,3 out of 5,decent cigar,"Not bad, a bit too long for my tastes but decent flavor. The draw can be a bit tight, burn was good."
Bolivar,5 out of 5,Highly satisfied,No problems. Quick and easier offering experience; fast delivery of quality products. I'm certainly buying my cigars here again!!!
Bolivar,5 out of 5,I Love This Cigar,"One of my favorites. Well constructed, smooth draw, good smoke and tasty. This one should be in your humidor."
Bolivar,5 out of 5,MHS from the home of cigars in Tampa,"Every time I smoke a Bolivar I wonder why I smoke anything else. The Bolivar Robusto Crystal is exactly what a cigar should taste and smell like. Smooth, rich and alluring, it is a must try by all cigar enthusiasts."
Bolivar,5 out of 5,Bolivar cigars,I enjoyed the Bolivar cigars. They have a great flavor without being overpowering. I would recommend this cigar to others.
Bolivar,4 out of 5,Welcome Back Bolivar,"Used to love the Cuban Bolivar's - the domestic version, not so much. Happened across the re-branded version at a cigar bar in PDX recently (it was one of the few decently priced offerings) and was surprised by the smooth, even burning smoke. So much in fact, that I bought a box. The box didn't disappoint and I was able to impress some of my cigar smoking friends with the redeaux. On my list of favorites now."
Bolivar,5 out of 5,Bolivar Churchill,good smoke.
Bolivar,5 out of 5,Just Good Tobacco Flavor!!,"This is not an over- blended, boutique cigar. All Honduran tobacco, nice looking, good construction, good burn and medium draw. You can nub it but you have to take it easy at the end. This cigar could be included in a 10 cigar sampler with: Relic (great), Sancho Panza, San Lotano Habano (not oval) and CAO Extreme. Good tobacco flavor for tobacco lovers!!"
Bolivar Cofradia,5 out of 5,My husband and sons enjoyed,My husband and sons enjoyed them
Bolivar Heritage Series,5 out of 5,great cigar,one of my go to sticks
Bolivar Heritage Series,4 out of 5,"Good, not great!","Good, not great!"
Bolivar Heritage Series,5 out of 5,Bolivar Heritage Series 550,Very flavorful and rich cigar.
Bolivar Heritage Series,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Bolivar Heritage Series,5 out of 5,Search for the perfect Cigar is over,"Gents,
There are no words to describe this cigar but I'll do my best. My search for the perfect Cigar is over. Beautifully wrapped with a pigtail and a shaggy foot, this beauty hits like a champ, the easiest draw of any cigar I've ever smoked. Full volume of rich layed black tobacco smoke. I'm afraid to praise it too much in fear of it becoming scarce."
Bolivar Heritage Series,5 out of 5,Search for the perfect Cigar is over,"Gents,
There are no words to describe this cigar but I'll do my best. My search for the perfect Cigar is over. Beautifully wrapped with a pigtail and a shaggy foot, this beauty hits line a champ, the easiest draw of any cigar I've ever smoked. Full volume of rich layed black tobacco smoke. I'm afraid to praise it too much in fear of too many trying it and then it becomes scarce."
Boss Classic,5 out of 5,Boss is Best,Awesome Cigar
Boss Classic,5 out of 5,boss is boss,a great cigar very smooth from start to finish will be a constant in my humidor
Boss Classic,4 out of 5,Too much spice for me!,"Too much spice for me!
I am in tothe tobacco flavor myself.
Great draw and construction however!"
Boss Classic,2 out of 5,Taste,Not a very good tasting smoke. The aroma not that pleasant.
Boss Classic,5 out of 5,Premium smoke surprisingly affordable.,"A friend gave a me a Classic Robusto last weekend and I really like it. Being an occasional smoker I prefer medium body but still like to get a full flavor experience. Getting both in is often a hit or miss - unless you are willing to spend a fortune. Not with the Classic. Besides the rich flavor - the cigar is beautifully made, burning well all way round. For my taste this is a premium taste experience and all that at an affordable price - much lower than expected for this quality. I will definitely get a couple more sticks."
Boss Classic,5 out of 5,Not an ordinary cigar,"This was my first ""Boss"" cigar ever - and knowing that this blend was created by well-known Kelner Jr's boutique factory I had high expectations. And I was not disappointed. I liked the medium body, smooth taste and rich aroma. Even burn and balanced taste throughout the full hour of smoking the Robusto. Besides tasting well - the label and box are looking great too. A premium cigar - and I will certainly get a couple more."
Boss Classic,5 out of 5,Fantastic Cigar,Best cigar I ever smoked. I bought a box a week ago and so far I smoked 9 cigars. Each one better than the last. I also found out that this cigar was blended by Hankie. I would definitely recommend this cigar for any smoker.
Boss Classic,1 out of 5,Not A Boss,"I smoke this cigar when it first came out. It's a weak cigar and lacks flavor. Yes it's packaged like a Ferari but it smokes like a Hyundai. It's not the real Boss. It's more like the Boss,s assistant. It will never be the Boss."
Boutique Blends La Boheme,5 out of 5,Sublime,"The best cigar I've ever smoked. Perfect draw, great burn, and flavor and complexity for days. Expensive yes. Worth it? Absolutely."
Boutique Blends La Boheme,5 out of 5,very good,very good
Boutique Blends La Boheme,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Nice smoked good tasted good some a little bitter
Boutique Blends La Boheme,5 out of 5,La Boheme,Great stick
Boutique Blends La Boheme,5 out of 5,La Boheme,love this smooth full bodied cigar
Boutique Blends La Boheme,4 out of 5,La Boheme,"Full-bodied, thick heavy smoke, not for the beginner. Great after dinner smoke."
Boutique Blends La Boheme,4 out of 5,Nice cigar one of my,Nice cigar one of my favorite
Boutique Blends La Boheme,5 out of 5,"so far so good, even","so far so good, even burn, great taste"
Boutique Blends La Boheme,4 out of 5,pretty darn good,pretty darn good
Boutique Blends La Boheme,5 out of 5,Great smoke,These are spicy creamy smoke that imho are just as good or very similar to the over priced opus x
Boutique Blends La Boheme Encantador,5 out of 5,Smooth and Bold,"Very satisfied with this stick, I was looking for a smoke that has oodles of flavor and the presence of a strong and stout. Excellent notes throughout, this jewel will not disappoint."
Boutique Blends La Boheme Encantador,5 out of 5,Good cigars,Good cigars
Boutique Blends La Boheme Encantador,5 out of 5,"Sounded likr something I would like, BUT......",lacking in the flavor I have come to appreciate. Patel's Decade and Padron's #35 are more to my liking. Looking forward to an upcoming special!!
Boutique Blends La Boheme Encantador,5 out of 5,great cigar,great tasting cigar and a great price
Boutique Blends La Boheme Encantador,4 out of 5,Great bargain for a good,Great bargain for a good smoke
Boutique Blends La Boheme Encantador,5 out of 5,Very good,Very good
Boutique Blends La Boheme Encantador,5 out of 5,La Boheme Encantador,Excellent cigar. Superb flavor
Boutique Blends La Boheme Encantador,5 out of 5,Awesome,Awesome
Boutique Blends La Boheme Encantador,5 out of 5,Very nice,Goo seegar
Boutique Blends La Boheme Encantador,4 out of 5,Complex cigar.,"Picked this up from a local B&M. This is a beautiful looking cigar with great construction. Very complex flavors. The cigar starts full bodied and full strength. The body mellows after the 1st third slightly. I actually agree that there is a touch of oak, honey, and moderate pepper flavor. This also had lots of raisin/aged tobacco flavors throughout. Nice. Not for the inexperienced palate or on an empty stomach."
Boutique Blends La Boheme Encantador,5 out of 5,Excellent service and follow up,Excellent service and follow up
Brazilian Cream,3 out of 5,"Pretty good, not a bad","Pretty good, not a bad deal for the price"
Brazilian Cream,4 out of 5,Tasty,For the money these are pretty tasty. I would definitely buy them again.
Brazilian Cream,4 out of 5,Every day smoke at a great price,"A great every day value smoke. I had the first right off the truck and wasn't impressed. After a couple of weeks in the humidor, they really evened out and I've been enjoying them thoroughly. Smooth and easy draw with a creamy smoke."
Brazilian Cream,5 out of 5,Excellent !,Excellent taste !! Good draw and puff! :)
Brazilian Cream,4 out of 5,Not bad for a value cigar,"Not Bad for a value cigar. Smooth profile, decent burn. Good cigar for handing out to cigar mooching friends or for doing yard work."
Brazilian Cream,4 out of 5,Brazilian Cream,Good smoke
Brazilian Cream,4 out of 5,End tends to fall apart,End tends to fall apart but overall enjoyable cogar
Brazilian Cream,5 out of 5,I can see how they get their name.,"Even burn, smooth draw and long lasting. When you get to the middle you can really taste the flavor. You can tell it was rolled on the inner thigh of a beautiful woman."
Brazilian Cream,5 out of 5,Nice creamy flavor,I give it five stars for the price plus it is very creamy a pleasure to smoke you can't go wrong with this one thanks CI
Brazilian Cream,4 out of 5,good value cigar just a little short of a great cigar,"quality, construction, blending i give it 4 stars. Where it comes up lacking is the wrapper its an okay smoke but the wrapper needs more flavor. the flavor is good but not great. when smoking this cigar you can tell its once to be a great cigar. but just falls a little short but for the price its outstanding value. i just wish the wrapper was a little fuller flavor. i would buy again knowing the shortfalls."
Brazilian Cream,5 out of 5,my new everyday,tasty little cigar priced to be my everyday cigar
Brazilian Cream,5 out of 5,Try this cigar...you won't be disapointed!,"My favorite budget cigar to date. I primarily lean toward premium cigar brands and I am always on the look out for a great value cigar to moderate costs...this is it! Great burn, robust, and put together perfectly. Pleasnantly surprised!!"
Brazilian Cream,5 out of 5,Pleasant Surprise,"Bought as a special offer; pleasant surprise.
Nice smoke while doing something else."
Brazilian Cream,4 out of 5,Good Flavor,Got them on. CI Special. I’m ordering my third pack.
Brazilian Cream,5 out of 5,WOW!,Excellent cigar at a great price. Smokes smooth down to the nub.
Brazilian Cream,4 out of 5,Good Value,"Was a good value. Taste was decent, some of the had a harder draw. All in all I’ll buy again"
Brick House,5 out of 5,Nice smoke,"Great from the beginning to the end. Even burn , lots of smoke easy draw, very enjoyable."
Brick House,5 out of 5,Wonderful smoke. Lasts about 2,"Wonderful smoke. Lasts about 2 hours with a wonderful and even draw. Wife does not complain at all about the smell and they do not leave an after taste or a morning bad breath smell or taste. I Like the Habana wrappers the best and CI seems to have them in stock over other vendors. I give them to friends who ask where they can obtain them as everyone I give them to enjoys them. Very good smoke for a long, enjoyable cigar."
Brick House,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Great Smoke
Brick House,5 out of 5,Great cigar with a good,Great cigar with a good price
Brick House,4 out of 5,Brick house,"Good smoke, good price"
Brick House,5 out of 5,Long lasting smoke,Long lasting smoke
Brick House,5 out of 5,the best cigar,I have tried all the high rated cigars and some are good some are not so good. Brick house Mighty Mighty has to be my favorite. Flavorful but never harsh. it is the best. I keep returning to it no matter what else I try.
Brick House,4 out of 5,Coffee and chicory flavor,Good draw and adequate flavor for a cheap cigar
Brick House,5 out of 5,Favorable,"Brick House Mighty Mighty is an outstanding cigar, full of flavor and robust.
Scott F."
Brick House,5 out of 5,Love my Brickhouse,Uniqe=ue good flavor. Well made for an inexpensive cigar. Burns well with no flaking or unraveling. One of my new favorites!
Brick House,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke for the money
Brick House,5 out of 5,It's a Brick House....,"It's a Brick House.... Solid med/full bodied smoke. Burns great, tastes great. Will be adding more to my humidor."
Brick House,4 out of 5,Top notch cigar,Nice even burn.A must for your humidor.
Brick House,5 out of 5,Fine Smoke,One of my favorite cigars. Always well made and a great smoke. Also like the 60 gauge size.
Brick House,5 out of 5,What a rush!,"You cannot best the price of this per stick considering the higher quality. The Brickhouse is a great daily smoke for me. It is smooth and the puro packs the punch I need everyday. Wow. Not for the first timer. These are only for seasoned cigar smokers. I'm always on the hunt for a good daily smoke and this is one for me. I judge a cigar by the feel I have afterwards. If I can barely walk, it's my choice. What a rush man."
Brick House,4 out of 5,Full Body Smoke For After Dinner,Very nice after a hearty meal. Full body and lots of flavor. Nice construction good draw. Burns slow cool and even. Its full bodied but stays smooth. Tasted of cedar and espresso. I would not smoke these every day only when the mood strikes for a power smoke.
Brick House,5 out of 5,A Favorite,"Great taste and always good construction. Hard to beat for a 60 ring cigar.
So good that I think I'll have another!!"
Brick House,5 out of 5,Best cheap cigar,"Great smooth medium flavor, not too light, not too harsh, if you can get a decent price on these, you should definitely give them a shot"
Brick House,5 out of 5,Da judge,"My favorite cigar, smooth and tasty"
Brick House,5 out of 5,Brick House,"Hey, it's another JC Newman product, you expect quality construction, nice draw and an enjoyable smoke, this will never disappoint...."
Brick House,4 out of 5,GREAT VALUE!,A WONDERFUL EVERYDAY SMOKE.
Brick House,4 out of 5,Very good after work Cigar,Very good after work Cigar
Brick House,5 out of 5,Try them. Can't go Wrong,Great Smoke.
Brick House,5 out of 5,Who's house,"Great cigar , I enjoyed every puff ."
Brick House,4 out of 5,Great taste and a great,Great taste and a great price
Brick House,5 out of 5,Brick house Churchill,Solid cigar great constructed and good taste
Brick House,5 out of 5,Best buy,"Great cigar , great price ! This is my fifth box. Of Brick House. I like the Toros over the Churchills"
Brick House,5 out of 5,Awesome,A very good cigar for the price. Taste great from stat to finish
Brick House,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"I have been buying the Brick House Fumas so I decided to try the regular Brick House and man what a great tasting cigar, I will buy more this week."
Brick House,5 out of 5,Staple,"I wasn’t sure about purchasing this at first, but I’m sure glad I did. It’s definitely going to be a staple in my humi. Very meaty from start to finish, large bouquet, and a nice easy draw. I was impressed. I will definitely purchase more!"
Brick House,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Brick House,4 out of 5,Mighty Mighty,Great All the way around but a little less hearty than I personally like to smoke... I find these a solid medium body but prefer medium to full bodied at the minimum for my best cigar moments.
Brick House,5 out of 5,Brickhouse,One of the Best Cigars on the market.
Brick House,5 out of 5,A really well made and,A really well made and great tasting cigar!
Brick House,5 out of 5,Brick House Robusto a real winner,"This is by far one of the best sticks in my humidor. When I'm wanting a nice after-dinner cigar, or if I just want to chill-ax on the balcony with a nice bourbon and smoke, this little wonder never fails to enhance the experience. My first box purchase will be filled with these. DMT"
Brick House,2 out of 5,What happened?,"These used to be my favorite cigar. The last box I received has provided flat, tasteless, poorly-wrapped cigars that burn unevenly. I've yet to have a good one from the box. Not sure if I received an ""off box"", but I won't be investing in these any more. Highly recommend Oliva Flor de Oliva Giants as a much more enjoyable alternative."
Brick House,5 out of 5,Brick House Robusto,"Brick House is my go to, everyday cigar. Medium bodied, always burns well, consistent flavor and aroma. Best cigar for the money."
Brick House,5 out of 5,Easy deal,"Checked several sites CI was slightly less. Cigars came quicker than I expected and were exactly what I expected, no surprises. I hate surprises haha. Thank you for the great service."
Brick House,5 out of 5,Awesome cigar,Burns even... Full flavored cigar and for a decent price... A nice go to everyday cigar
Brick House,5 out of 5,Yummy,"I really enjoy the flavor great for a nice drive or relaxing to working on the cars and around the house, it is a nice medium body full of flavor and long lasting taste. Definitely worth every last penny!!!!"
Brick House,4 out of 5,Nice draw,Nice draw
Brick House,4 out of 5,Brick house toro,"A very good smoke, draws nicely."
Brick House,4 out of 5,Full body smoke,Perfect burn full body especially on the finish taste great
Brick House,2 out of 5,Forgetable,title says it all. bo hum
Brick House,5 out of 5,Wii made and tasty.,Wii made and tasty.
Brick House,5 out of 5,She's a Brick House!!,AlwYs a satisfying smoke.thick chewy smoke. Medium to full bodied. Nice after work relaxation!
Brick House,4 out of 5,Good stick,Good stick wrapper tends to flake off at times but a good smoke.
Brick House,5 out of 5,"This Lady's Stacked, and that's a fact, she ain't hodin' nothing back!","Even though I've been smoking cigars for a few years, I still consider myself to be ""learning the ropes"". I do know, however, that the Mighty Mighty is my favorite, most enjoyable smoke. It always burns well, has a wonderful aroma, and the flavor never disappoints, especially when paired with a nice bourbon-on-the-rocks. This is the one cigar that I make certain to have a nice supply of in my humidor. Keep up the good work, guys, and keep those specials rollin'.
Mike Taylor"
Brick House,5 out of 5,Brickhouse cigars,Excellent
Brick House,5 out of 5,There's a Reason it's a CA Top-25,"Brick House. ""She's mighty-mighty, just lettin' it all hang out!"" It has that soft draw of a Nub, perfect burn all the way down. Believe me, you'll want to finish this one. I've resolved myself to smoking only highly rated cigars and CA Top-25's. This one is a total no-brainer."
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great puff to start your,Great puff to start your morning
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great smoke,I say get them! Great morning stick with breakfast and coffee!
Brick House Connecticut,4 out of 5,A really good mellow mild,"A really good mellow mild smoking cigar, two thumbs up."
Brick House Connecticut,4 out of 5,👍,👍
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,My most favorite cigar. Wish,My most favorite cigar. Wish I could afford more
Brick House Connecticut,3 out of 5,Brickhouse,Great breakfast cigar burns good through and through good finish
Brick House Connecticut,3 out of 5,Not a bad smoke,Not a terrible smoke
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,nice,excellent medium body smooth smoke
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,One of the best cigars!,Simply an amazing smoke - it's been my go-to for years
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,Smooth smoke burns great,Smooth smoke burns great
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,brickhouse Robusto,"A mellow smoke , nice for working in garage"
Brick House Connecticut,4 out of 5,"Nice mellow smoke, good burn","Nice mellow smoke, good burn"
Brick House Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good smoke.,Good smoke.
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,BH Ct Robusto,My favorite smoke! Always smooth and just right mix of flavor
Brick House Connecticut,3 out of 5,"had a good mild taste,","had a good mild taste, the cap had split when i took at the rapper but overall it was good"
Brick House Connecticut,4 out of 5,Tasty Connecticut's,both have nice flavor at a tasty price.
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,They’re Mighty Mighty,"Wow, can’t get enough of these beauties! Love em on the golf course in the mornings! Love em on the back patio in the evenings! Love em on the fly fishing floats down the Big Hole River during those lazy Montana Summers!"
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,A Delicious Cigar!,This is one of the best cigars I have ever smoked. Even burn and mild tasting. Very impressive! An enjoyable smoke and well constructed.
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,Brick house for the win,Awesome smooth smoke
Brick House Connecticut,4 out of 5,Not bad at all,Good single dimensional morning stick with a strong cup of Joe!
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Brick House Connecticut,4 out of 5,Smooth and distinctive,Smooth and distinctive
Brick House Connecticut,4 out of 5,Kenny R.,"Smooth, great tasting stick."
Brick House Connecticut,4 out of 5,Decent Mellow Stick,Maybe not the best stick you'll ever smoke but definitely not the worst..Mellow flavor with a decent burn!
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,Excellent,Nice smoke
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,Very fine cigar,Very fine cigar
Brick House Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good cigar,"While not one of my favorites, this cigar has a good draw and good strength. However it is not too strong. The flavor is good, kinda toasty for the most part. Fairly mellow for my taste and a bit one dimensional. Wouldn't mind receiving as a gift but probably won't buy again."
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,One of my favorite cigars,One of my favorite cigars
Brick House Connecticut,4 out of 5,New Brick House,Great Connecticut Cigar that developes from from mild to intense. Will buy again
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,Always a good choice,"The Brick House Connecticut is an excellent smoke. They are my favorite, day in and day out."
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,# 1 Stogie:,""" It's a Brick House."""
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,EXCELLENT,EXCELLENT
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,brick house conn.robusto,good smoke easy draw would get more
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,Brick House Connecticut,"Very well constructed, great draw, and pleasant flavor. Just a perfect cigar."
Brick House Connecticut,3 out of 5,Mediorce Cigar,"I like a mild cigar, but I also like them rolled properly. This one was a little loose which made it a tough draw."
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great taste,"First off this is not a mellow cigar.More medium taste.That said,I loved this cigar.Very firm rolled.the draw is easy.the burn is slow and straight. I bought this for my morning smoke but this is for your afternoon smoke with your favorite drink.You will love this cigar."
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,Excellent Connecticut,Everything you'd expect from Brick House. An excellent milder offering to their line.
Brick House Connecticut,4 out of 5,Was a Whack A Deal,good buy on quality 5 Pack
Brick House Connecticut,1 out of 5,Brick House,"They are terrible, after 4 of them I have tossed them away. They were very dry and burned hot with a smell that was almost like burning cellulose.
I have ordered Rocky Patel now they are back in stock"
Brick House Connecticut,4 out of 5,Brick house cigars,Good cigar for the price.
Brick House Connecticut,3 out of 5,a decent smoke,overpriced
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,Brickhouse,WOW.... EVERYTIME!!!
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,Nice Cigar,"Pretty happy with these, especially for the price!"
Brick House Connecticut,4 out of 5,Brick house,Great all day cigar smooth and plenty of flavor burns down to the nub
Brick House Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good,"3 of the 14 I have smoked so far were impossible to draw.
Big pieces of stems were the problem. I have almost never encountered
this problem with Perdomo Barrell Aged Connecticut or My Father
Connecticut cigars."
Brick House Connecticut,3 out of 5,Ok,Ok
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,Brick house Connecticut,Excellent length thickness and taste
Brick House Connecticut,5 out of 5,Good smoke but light,"Good quality cigar, but just a bit too light for my taste. I'd call it a 'morning cigar', it doesn't hit you very hard and provides a mellow experience."
Brick House Connecticut,3 out of 5,No bad cheap cigar,"The Brick was a pretty good buy for the quality and money, very mild and smooth. I would buy them again, when I am out of them."
Brick House Fumas,5 out of 5,Perfect,Glad I ordered these Brick house cigars they are a good smoke
Brick House Fumas,4 out of 5,Good Everyday,This is a very good everyday smoke. I found something I like a little better but my friends really enjoy these and at the price I don't mind handing them out.
Brick House Fumas,4 out of 5,Not a bad smoke for,Not a bad smoke for the price. My only thought on this cigar is it’s very difficult to remove cigar band. Might seem a little picky but I can’t count how may bands are glued to the leaf and rip he cigar.
Brick House Fumas,4 out of 5,Excellent,"An excellent cigar at an excellent price.
A great everyday stick"
Brick House Fumas,4 out of 5,Hearty cigars. Good from head,Hearty cigars. Good from head to foot. Nice ash. GREAT EVERYDAY Smoke.
Brick House Fumas,5 out of 5,Good cigar.,Nice easy smoke. No spice.
Brick House Fumas,4 out of 5,Brick House Fumas Sixty,"Decent cigar, great price"
Brick House Fumas,5 out of 5,Great Cigar for the Price.,Great Cigar for the price. Good flavor and always an even burn. One of my favorites.
Brick House Fumas,5 out of 5,Bob,"These cigars are excellent, I have bought them before and will definitely buy them again !!"
Brick House Fumas,5 out of 5,Good smokes,Good smokes
Brick House Fumas,5 out of 5,Good product,Good product
Brick House Fumas,4 out of 5,My go-to cigar,"Super friendly smoke. Stays lit, good wrap and density. Flavor is great and on the light side of medium."
Brick House Fumas,4 out of 5,Excellent smoke.,"Great quality, very fresh."
Brick House Fumas,4 out of 5,Okay cigar for the price,Okay cigar for the price
Brick House Fumas,5 out of 5,Smooth,Perfect size and a smooth smoke....
Brick House Fumas,5 out of 5,Great Budget Smoke,I love these Brickhouse stogies. They are a regular part of my humidor. Good wrapping. Great draw. Excellent taste.
Brick House Fumas,4 out of 5,Good deal,"Good flavor,good price. Downflaw,thin delicate wrapper,a lot were wrapped too tight and hard to draw.orer all good smoke,good burn."
Brick House Fumas,4 out of 5,Good flavor. I have had,"Good flavor. I have had a few explode on the golf course. Very disappointing. In general, a fine cigar."
Brick House Fumas,4 out of 5,Good Cigar,For those who smoke daily it's a good cigar for the price
Brick House Fumas,4 out of 5,Brick House Fumas,Good smoke good value
Brick House Fumas,5 out of 5,Good value for everyday cigar,Bought these for an everyday cigar.. very consistent and worth the price
Brick House Fumas,4 out of 5,Fumas $ Finas,Good cheap stick for everyday coughing ... I’ll order more
Brick House Fumas,4 out of 5,Everyday Cigar,"Overall happy with the taste and performance of the Brick House Fumas Toro. The only nit is getting off the label. In some cases, very difficult and slightly damaging the wrapper. I would purchase again."
Brick House Fumas,3 out of 5,Brick House,Draw isn’t great. Decent everyday cigar.
Brick House Fumas,3 out of 5,Not good for golfing better,Not good for golfing better out riding the mower
Brick House Fumas,5 out of 5,Solid 5 for the price and taste,"I give it a five because it was truly surprisingly good. For the price this should get a solid 5. It burns well, nice tones."
Brick House Fumas,4 out of 5,GOOD,GOOD
Brick House Fumas,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Brick House Fumas,4 out of 5,Surprisingly smooth,Surprisingly smooth
Brick House Fumas,4 out of 5,"Try them, you'll be surprised.","Smooth, even burning everyday cigar. Draws well, no unwrapping issues. I would definitely suggest for a try."
Brick House Fumas,5 out of 5,Great everyday smoke!,Great everyday smoke. Burns even and slow. Great price point as well. Smokes like a stick twice the price.
Brick House Fumas,4 out of 5,Great cigar. Was as an,Great cigar. Was as an even better deal!
Brick House Fumas,5 out of 5,great stick for the price,great cigar for the price. this is my go to for yard work or when i’m workin on the truck.
Brick House Fumas,3 out of 5,Ok build hit and miss,Ok build hit and miss
Brick House Fumas,3 out of 5,Not a solid and consistent,Not a solid and consistent wrapper but good smoke
Brick House Fumas,4 out of 5,Brick House,Great everyday smoke
Brick House Fumas,5 out of 5,STRONG SMOKE,CIGAR IS GOOD BUT STRONG.
Brick House Fumas,5 out of 5,Great,Love these for an everyday smoke
Brick House Fumas,5 out of 5,Solid smoke,"Enjoy these as an economy smoke. Mild flavor and a bargain. Prefer the Maduro Fumas, but these are pretty solid as well."
Brick House Fumas,5 out of 5,Brickhouse Robusto,Great Cigar smooth and burns even
Brick House Fumas,5 out of 5,Very nice cigar,Very nice cigar
Brick House Fumas,5 out of 5,Brick House Fumas Robusto,I find the Brick House Fumas Robusto to be a very smooth and flavorful smoke at a Great value.
Brick House Fumas,5 out of 5,Worth the buy!!,"Bought the 20 pack to fill some space in my humidor. With cookout season coming, these are good for the yard or grill as you don’t have to pay much attention to the smoke itself. Also good to share with non smoker friends who wanna burn one with you. I’ve made the mistake of passing out pricier cigars that don’t get the respect they deserve. Definitely worth the buy and I plan on keeping some of these on hand"
Brick House Fumas,5 out of 5,Built like a Brick House,Absolutely my favorite everyday smoke. I tried a sixty gauge in this recently and I wasn't as fond as this gauge. Goes great with coffee or Makers Mark. Very consistent from cigar to cigar.
Brick House Fumas,4 out of 5,Built like a Brick House,These are pretty good everyday smokes. Just my opinion but I found some inconsistency in the burn and ash on a few of them that I did not see on the smaller gauge. Maybe being a sixty was the issue with that. I have smoked these in the smaller gauge and I was very pleased. Not against these but I will stick with the smaller gauge.
Brick House Fumas,4 out of 5,is a great cigar for,is a great cigar for the price
Brick House Fumas,5 out of 5,Nice lfavor,I've had luck with Brick House in the past and these Robustos did not disappoint. Nice flavor and nice burn.
Brick House Fumas,4 out of 5,Nice stick,Good cigar when on sale.
Brick House Fumas,4 out of 5,Good smoke I will continue,Good smoke I will continue to purchase them
Brick House Fumas,4 out of 5,The Brick Houses,"They are a mild cigar, burns well and even. Great value"
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,5 out of 5,Good smoke for the price!,Good smoke for the price! Have one every morning
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,4 out of 5,Great smoke for the money!,Great smoke for the money! Has a good start with a slow burn
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,5 out of 5,The Brick,Great smoke.
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great every day cigar,Great every day cigar
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,4 out of 5,A solid value,"This nice cigar is in my top seven for cigars ever smoked in this price range.
After two 20-‘gar bundles, I find very few are “challenging” to smoke. (... mainly from a tight bottleneck rolled in to it.)"
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,3 out of 5,"Not bad, but not very engaging either.","Not too bad, for the money, but the flavor just isn't as complex or as layered as the premium sticks. A one dimensional stick, for a great price."
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,4 out of 5,They’re a good everyday smoke.,They’re a good everyday smoke.
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great Value,Really nice cigar and for the money you can’t beat it
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,4 out of 5,Bought these as an inexpensive,Bought these as an inexpensive casual smoke. Arrived in good shape.
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great,"A great daily cigar, burn, draw, taste excellent !"
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,4 out of 5,good cigar for everyday smokes,good cigar for everyday smokes for the price
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great smoke,One of the smoothest mellow cigars I’ve had. Very nice from beginning to end. Will be buying more.
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,4 out of 5,Very solid stick,"I needed an inexpensive stick to share with others who aren't big cigar smokers, or to have as a chaser after a bolder smoke. This fit the bill very well. They are well constructed and the cap doesn't come off during smoking (I typically use a plug cutter and other caps tend to fall off after a while of smoking). The wrap is tight but not too tight, creating an easy draw. The flavor is mild and pleasant, as I was hoping for. Overall, great value on a very solid stick."
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,4 out of 5,my review,not bad at all; just not my ring size I'd prefer 60 ring; it is what I am used to buying.
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,5 out of 5,Excellent value,Good to smoke. And good to chew. Sorry for that very bad habit. . .
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,4 out of 5,Enjoyable,Easy smoke with a pleasant flavor. I liked the first order enough to place a second one.
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,3 out of 5,Hit and miss on how,Hit and miss on how tight and consistent the cigars are rolled.
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,4 out of 5,"Well made, not as good","Well made, not as good as some but not as bad as others"
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,5 out of 5,Very smooth and tasty,Very smooth and tasty
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great smoke.,What an excellent cigar. A real smooth tasting cigar and it will become my cigar of choice. The price was good.....
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,4 out of 5,Brick House Fumas,"Good cigar, but with a difficult draw!"
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,5 out of 5,Brick House Connecticut Fumas,"Very satisfied, good daily smoke, great flavor, mild. Good smoke with even burn, good draw. Will be ordering more of these."
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,3 out of 5,Very average,"I don't hate them or love them, they are ok. I wouldn't buy the CT again, I'd try the maduro. Flavor is too faint and the stick has a low draw so it makes it hard to taste. I'd get them if they were on sale to about 35 to 40 for the pack..."
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,5 out of 5,Awesome,Great cigar nice and smooth.
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,4 out of 5,"Burs good,nice smoke for the","Burs good,nice smoke for the money!"
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,3 out of 5,Good flavor but they draw,Good flavor but they draw about as well as a preschooler
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,3 out of 5,"Good news, bad news...","Good smoke that I've now purchased 3X, HOWEVER the labels on these things are so friggen tight and hard to get off that you're more likely to tear the wrapper than get the label off. Too bad because it's a decent smoke for the money, just not worth the wrestling match."
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,5 out of 5,Brick House Fumas,"Excellent ""every day"" stick and dealing with Cigars international has always been a pleasure"
Brick House Fumas Connecticut,5 out of 5,These are the deal!!!,"I usually never review products, but am making an exception here. Just rec'd a bundle of these Fumas Connecticut. Great construction, fine draw, medium body smoke. Why anyone would spend the $$ for the hundred dollar boxes vs these is beyond me!! This is the deal.
I also ordered the other Fumas....same cigar construction but stronger smoke. Another deal."
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Good Smoke!,"Nice size, cood construction and wonderful flavor. What else need be said?"
Brick House Fumas Maduro,4 out of 5,"Good mellow taste, consistent ash","Good mellow taste, consistent ash and burn, however I am sorry that I didn’t purchase a longer lasting Churchill!"
Brick House Fumas Maduro,4 out of 5,Great smoke,Never had these before but great draw and flavor
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,A great cigar!,A great cigar!
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"What a Brick House, full of flavor to the very end"
Brick House Fumas Maduro,4 out of 5,Very Smooth.,Very Smooth.
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,great cigars,great cigars
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Brickhouse Maduro,Smooth taste and burned even a real bargain
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Very good cigar for the,Very good cigar for the price was very happy
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Brick House Fumas Maduro Gordo are a great everyday cigar. Not too mild or full flavored. I will buy again.
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Very good cigar for everyday,"Very good cigar for everyday smoking
Will buy again
Jerry F"
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Good smoke for a good,Good smoke for a good price!
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,"Great taste, very smooth","Great taste, very smooth"
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Brick House Maduro,Great smoke - excellent price!
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Brick House Fumas Maduro Robusto,Brick House Maduro Robusto is a great smoke. The draw and taste is perfect. I always keep some Brick House in the Humidor!
Brick House Fumas Maduro,3 out of 5,A little uneven burn but,A little uneven burn but good taste and price
Brick House Fumas Maduro,3 out of 5,Not bad for the price,Not bad for the price
Brick House Fumas Maduro,4 out of 5,Good new discovery,"Decided to try them and glad I did. Good flavor and draw, right ring size, a little inconsistent on burn but overall good cigar and I would buy again"
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke. I call it,Great smoke. I call it my breakfast stick. Great with morning coffee
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Great everyday smoke!,Excellent everyday smoke!!! Even burn all the way through. Great flavor!! These will be the new staple in my humidor.
Brick House Fumas Maduro,4 out of 5,Very good smoke. Burns and,Very good smoke. Burns and draws well. Solid flavor.
Brick House Fumas Maduro,4 out of 5,4,nice smoke.. smooth
Brick House Fumas Maduro,3 out of 5,brick house,"Not bad, not mighty mites but a good everyday smoke"
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Looking Forward to More!,"Great cigar for the price! Fabulous flavor, easy to light, even burn and smooth throughout!"
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Cigar for the money!,Very pleased with this cigar. Great size and smokes well right out of the box. Can't wait for some humidor time!
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Update from 1st review,"Update to last post: after receiving shipment let these sit in the humidor for about 15 hours and lit another one up, much better. No unraveling, burned uneven at 1st then evened out about a 1/4 of the way in. Decent smoke from there on. Could taste all the flavors, not overpowering, nice medium smoke. If the rest are like this stick, good everyday smoke"
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Awesome,Very great taste and favorable you won’t be disappointed
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Yummy!,"This cigar has got what it takes!Great flavor,good construction,easy draw,and a very even burn.Combine all that with a great price,and you can't lose.I fired one up as soon as the bundle arrived and it was very good.After a few days in the humidor they were excellent.A great everyday maduro."
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Yummy!,"This cigar has got what it takes!Great flavor,good construction,easy draw,and a very even burn.Combine all that with a great price,and you can't lose.I fired one up as soon as the bundle arrived and it was very good.After a few days in the humidor they were excellent.A great everyday maduro."
Brick House Fumas Maduro,4 out of 5,thanks,love them
Brick House Fumas Maduro,3 out of 5,Some good some ehh,Out of the bundle I bought 1/3 were tight and hard to draw rather frustrating. 2/3 drew nice and had a earthy taste very enjoyable.
Brick House Fumas Maduro,4 out of 5,Pricey for a fuma,A little pricey for a fuma but its a great cigar. I use these as a back up for my everyday smoke to enjoy when relaxing.
Brick House Fumas Maduro,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Price point is spot on! Great flavor and draw on these fumas. I have and will continue to order these for my everyday smoke.
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,New Favorites!,"Love these babies! Officially became my favorite go-to cigar. Gonna stockpile a lot of these bad boys to enjoy when the light is right. If I could buy 20 cases, I would. Highly recommend."
Brick House Fumas Maduro,4 out of 5,Good tobacco. Construction variable -,Good tobacco. Construction variable - some don't smoke well due to soft spots.
Brick House Fumas Maduro,4 out of 5,Awesome smoke!,Awesome smoke!
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,great medium cigar,great medium cigar
Brick House Fumas Maduro,3 out of 5,Brick House Maduro Toro,Decent smoke for the money.
Brick House Fumas Maduro,4 out of 5,Not bad,"Bought these on sale. Good fermentation on the leaves good, flavor. They aren't the prettiest but a heck of an every day smoke for the money."
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Consistent quality,Never had a disappointing stick in three years smoking them.
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,stogies,great cigar
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Great value,Great taste and great burn. Highly recommended
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Brick House Fumas,Great Cigar!! Awesome flavor!
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,These cigars are one of the smoothest ever.,I love these cigars. I think they are one of the best value I have ever bought. I buy a lot of cigars. I do tend to buy more of one kind when I find a good one and I think I’ve found my new daily cigar.
Brick House Fumas Maduro,3 out of 5,Nice to try other brands,Nice to try other brands
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,Great Smoke.,Excellent cigar. Smooth burn with great flavor.
Brick House Fumas Maduro,4 out of 5,John,Enjoying them. Great deal
Brick House Fumas Maduro,4 out of 5,Brick House,One burned funny on Sunday but it is only the second one I smoked so far. Good flavor and enjoyable.
Brick House Fumas Maduro,5 out of 5,"Great golf course cigar, smoked","Great golf course cigar, smoked great.dmt"
Brick House Fumas Maduro,4 out of 5,Brick House Maduro’s,Good smooth flavor from end to end.
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,Aaron’s review,This is definitely my new go to cigar. This is an absolutely top rate smoke.
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,The best,The best
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,Cigars were delivered on time.,Cigars were delivered on time.
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,Definitely one that’s worth a,Definitely one that’s worth a try..... then you’ll get a box . One of my favorites
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,Perfect,Great taste great cigar perfect buy
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,EXCELLENT MEDIUM-BODIED smoke for the price!!!,"great medium-bodied stoge. Great price point, burns even, nice earthy flavors, silky smooth wrapper.
Can't go wrong. Gonna buy a box soon!"
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,EXCELLENT MEDIUM-BODIED smoke for the price!!!,"one of my FAVORITE cigars!! Nice, smooth draw, stays lit, nice earthy palate. Would order a box in 💓"
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,Brick House Maduro,Great cigar with a smooth draw and rich taste.
Brick House Maduro,3 out of 5,okay,Had a rich tobacco taste. No interesting flavors to report on. Construction was very soft and light in the hand
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,👍,👍
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,Brick House Maduro,"Smooth,mellow. My new everyday smoke. Just purchased more."
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,"Awesome smoke ,one of my","Awesome smoke ,one of my favorite cigars and great price"
Brick House Maduro,4 out of 5,Good value.,Good value.
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar they were a,Great cigar they were a gift
Brick House Maduro,4 out of 5,"Good, simple smoke at the","Good, simple smoke at the right price."
Brick House Maduro,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good everyday cigar
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,brick house,very nice smokes
Brick House Maduro,4 out of 5,Good cigar,I liked the taste of this cigar. nice and smooth.
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,Love these smokes,Love these smokes
Brick House Maduro,3 out of 5,Avg cigars,Avg cigars
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,Mighty Mighty Good,"These Brickhouse Maduro’s I feel are the best smokes around. They feel good in your grip, firm, tight. Burns slow and even but best it’s Goodall the way to the end, not like some other large cigars. This Smoke should’ve rated a 97."
Brick House Maduro,4 out of 5,Nice,It's a smooth cigar will buy it again
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,Great taste,Like the taste of the Brickhouse all there cigars are top of the Line.
Brick House Maduro,4 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,Zoom,Great cigar for the price
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Brick House Maduro,4 out of 5,"Good cigar for the money,","Good cigar for the money, good draw. I enjoy brick house cigars."
Brick House Maduro,4 out of 5,Brick house,These were a little strong for me
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,Brick House Maduro,Always a nice cigar and a hearty smoke. Arrived fresh and in fine condition.
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,Great stick,Great stick
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,Brickhouse,"My husband loves this cigar, in fact I've all ready re-ordered them!"
Brick House Maduro,4 out of 5,Nice,I enjoy it nice smoke
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke,This is my favorite go to cigar.
Brick House Maduro,4 out of 5,Rich dense and delicious.,"I have smoked several of these as well as the Maduro Robusto size.
Nice smooth Brazilian wrapper is one of my favorite wrappers and always delivers great earthy taste along with mild spice.
Firm dense roll and perfect draw result in great volume of medium velvet smoke with a relatively even burn.
Does require some touch up and relights if neglected for a few minuets.
More of a medium body rather than a full body flavor profile but smooth through out, and had no bitterness even down to the last third of the burn. An excellent choice to enjoy with a rich Stout or a good Bourbon."
Brick House Maduro,4 out of 5,Nice draw and great finish.,Nice draw and great finish.
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,Brickhouse Maduro,"Excellent cigar, burns smooth and nice flavor."
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,Brick house maduro,Great stick!!
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent,A very good cigar full of flavor and well rolled
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,You cant go wrong,Consistent quality and a very enjoyable smoke.
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,Nice,Nice stick
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,Perfect every day,Great flavor just big enough to have on a drive to the airport but yet won't take up your day. Had to buys a box because they are my favorite all around for a good any time cigar.
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar,The Brick House Maduro in my opinion is one of the better smokes that I have had the pleasure to sample.
Brick House Maduro,2 out of 5,Uneven burn,Inconsistent they burn down the middle leaving the wrapper untouched
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them.,"Such an awesome smoke. From Start to finish. Creamy mellow smoke melts so smoothly. The flavor is not too harsh but just right. Paired with a 15 yo Rum, was perfect."
Brick House Maduro,3 out of 5,Ok....,Ok....
Brick House Maduro,4 out of 5,Like the taste. After 4,Like the taste. After 4 I noticed that a burn hole below ash has lit
Brick House Maduro,4 out of 5,Solid,Solid
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,Brick house,"Nice burn start to finish
Well rounded flavor"
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,"Reliable, tasty smoke.","This is without question, my #1 golf course smoke. Plenty of flavor, girthy, and never seems to get dry. If it gets wet, you'll need a flamethrower to keep it going. They are very reliable and always a great smoke. I have recommended highly to several friends. If u like this, i also recommend MUWAT by Drew Estate."
Brick House Maduro,5 out of 5,BH,Smooth and nutty!!!
Brighton's Best,4 out of 5,Ordered because Vanilla was out,Ordered because Vanilla was out of stock. But enjoyed these and have ordered several times now.
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,How I figure these are,These are indeed similar to what might very well be the smoking of coffee beans
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,Good sweet flavored cigar,Good sweet flavored cigar. Vanilla is a really nice flavor that lasts to the end of the cigar. Looking forward to trying the chocolate flavor.
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,What it is that I presume,Burning one of these is almost literally smoking coffee beans
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,"Pleasant smoke, first time to","Pleasant smoke, first time to try"
Brighton's Best,4 out of 5,Pretty good,A nice coffee flavor mild and great with a mourning cup
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,Perfect short flavor smoke,Short smoke but a very good stick i will but again
Brighton's Best,4 out of 5,Like the taste,Like the taste
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,Amazing taste and very smooth
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"The tastiest cigar I’ve ever smoked,they don’t always burn evenly but still the tastiest I’ve ever smoked 2thumbs way up.👍👍"
Brighton's Best,4 out of 5,Brighton are one of the best,Brighton Bests chocolate flavored cigars have a rich sweet taste. The flavor stays with you for about 80 percent of the cigar but gets a little bitter at the end. Still an amazing flavored cigar.
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,Best,I have bought many boxes
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,"A Great Smoke,Probably My Favorite","A delicious cigar,great after dinner with coffee or after work with a Troegenator beer👍👍👍👍👍"
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,Great,Great cigars smooth draw and nice taste
Brighton's Best,4 out of 5,Good short smoke.,Nice cigar for those wanting a mild cigar for 30 minute outside activities.
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,Great bargain and relaxing smoke when you want a smooth stick.,Real smooth stick. Great buy for the money. Go's great with my morning coffee. It is a pretty good coffee flavor.
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,Delicious...,"I love these cigars. Perfect size, perfect flavor. Nice and relaxing..."
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,Very smooth and just the,Very smooth and just the right touch of vanilla flavor
Brighton's Best,4 out of 5,Easy smooth cigar,Easy smooth cigar
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,A nice smoke,A nice smoke
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,cherry cigars flavors,"this tipe of cigars, are ranked 4 * becouse the falverore its not like the greateasts bluberry and the terrific chocolate flavor i hope try watermelon other time but 4 star for this one now thank you fellas!!"
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,Brighton,The cigars are very smooth and the taste is appealing.
Brighton's Best,4 out of 5,Sweet !!!,Great taste and smell
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,Inexpensive flavored cigars,Tasty cheap flavored smokes
Brighton's Best,3 out of 5,not bad good price,not bad good price
Brighton's Best,4 out of 5,Easy draw. Nice soft chocolate,Easy draw. Nice soft chocolate flavor. Construction is the only flaw.
Brighton's Best,3 out of 5,Brighton Best,"Short cigar, OK taste, slightly hard to draw. Didn’t expect much for the price"
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,Brighton cigars,Shipped quickly and great value thx
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,First time,I have never tried coffee infused cigars-what a great surprise-really good!
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,good,good
Brighton's Best,4 out of 5,Cigar nut,Out of the box you can smell the vanilla. The flavor goes away fast when you light it. It ok for a quick smoke when it's cold.
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,The Best Cigars,Burn great awesome smell good price very satisfied
Brighton's Best,4 out of 5,Nice tasting cigar...Perfect size...Can't beat,Nice tasting cigar...Perfect size...Can't beat the price either...
Brighton's Best,4 out of 5,Just ok,The flavor smells good right out of the wrapper but it is gone after a few puffs. Good for the price for a quick smoke in the winter when you don't have long to smoke outside and not worried about smoking the whole thing and wasting it.
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,Great!!,Great!!
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,Great price,Good short aromatic sweet cigar for the money.
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,Arrived quickly and are smooth,Arrived quickly and are smooth and amazing
Brighton's Best,3 out of 5,Good Sticks,"Bought these for my wife . She is a Drew Estate fan ( Blondie ) . She wanted some thing a little less expensive . We got these , and they are just ok for a change . Good for a quick cocktail , or cup o joe ..."
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,Brighton Churchill Cherry,Brighton Churchill Cherry
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,Taste and smell,The taste and smell were both impeccable despite the smell being on the mild side
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,Love this baby,"What a surprise, my wife loves them. I tried it and it's a good mellow cigar that burns well. Don't raise the price"
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,Short smoke,"I like flavored cigars. This is a sweet cigar and I love it. This is the coffee flavor. I just ordered the chocolate flavor. Well made and burns even.
I may order the larger sizes too."
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,terrific cigars prices delicious flavors,"terrific cigars prices delicious flavors when you feeling in you mauth inigualable flavor of them deam, such amazing & best cigars two thump way up of the invantors making & company workers associates tabacco industry"
Brighton's Best,4 out of 5,Brighton's Best Robusto -- Vanilla,Smooth. Nice burn. Slight vanilla taste that's just right.
Brighton's Best,3 out of 5,Reliable,"These machine mades are inexpensive, are reliable and consistent in taste, draw and burn! A lot more than I can say about many of the handmades in the catalog."
Brighton's Best,3 out of 5,Taste,"Taste doesn't last very long, but they seem to burn good"
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,Nice and mild.,Sweet and refreshing
Brighton's Best,5 out of 5,Brighton’s Best,"Bought A box of the coffee and the chocolate. Burns well,the aroma pleasing to my wife and shared them with my golf foursome.
Smooth and mellow even when one of the guys forgot to take off the cigar ring!"
Brighton's Best,3 out of 5,Brighton cigars,Not bad for a machine made cigar
Brighton's Best,3 out of 5,Good smoke for the money,Good for a quick smoke at a small price
Brioso Bundles,5 out of 5,I enjoy these cigars on,I enjoy these cigars on the weekend when working around the cottage...
Brioso Bundles,5 out of 5,My new fishing choice,Great draw. Pleasantly surprised. Good flavor. Will be my new go to for fishing.Great construction and burn.
Brioso Bundles,5 out of 5,My new fishing choice,Great draw. Pleasantly surprised. Good flavor. Will be my new go to for fishing.Great construction and burn.
Brioso Bundles,5 out of 5,Awesomeness,Fantastic smoke and fantastic price. Truly a great work smoke or anytime.
Brioso Bundles,4 out of 5,Good cigar for the price.,Good cigar for the price.
Brioso Bundles,4 out of 5,Brioso,Great bargain
Brioso Bundles,5 out of 5,Brioso,Excellent smooth smoke
Brioso Bundles,5 out of 5,My favorite cigar,My favorite cigar
Brioso Bundles,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Everything everyone else said except the guy who said they were stale. He needs to make sure his humidifier is working.
Brioso Bundles,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Brioso Bundles,3 out of 5,okay cigar,"Not a lot of flavor, but what is there is okay. decent construction. burn has been okay for a budget cigar. try it, buy it, I did!"
Brioso Bundles,4 out of 5,"Great smoke, enjoyed them a","Great smoke, enjoyed them a lot..."
Brioso Bundles,5 out of 5,Brioso Maduro Gigante,"Been awhile since trying these but they are still a satisfying I'd say daily go to cigar. A medium not very complex blend but quite flavorful. A mouthful of cool tasty smoke for the palate, easy draw, and no problem burn."
Brioso Bundles,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Great taste and draw. Loved it
Brioso Bundles,3 out of 5,Little on the dry side,Had them with some friends and we all agreed they were a little on the Stale side.
Brocatus,5 out of 5,Go to,Always dependable
Brocatus,5 out of 5,Burns well. Draws well. Mild.,Burns well. Draws well. Mild. Great price.
Brocatus,4 out of 5,Brocatus Robusto,A GOOD SMOKE
Brocatus,3 out of 5,Some burn better than others.,Some burn better than others.
Brocatus,4 out of 5,"""",Unbelievable Smokes. Price very affordable.
Brocatus,5 out of 5,Best smokes,Among your lower price cigars these are the best ones money can buy.
Brocatus,5 out of 5,One of the great cigars,One of the great cigars of smoke mail
Brocatus,5 out of 5,Good cigar,Very good cigar have enjoyed them very much
Brocatus,4 out of 5,I was surprised. This was,I was surprised. This was a really good cigar and a really good price. I’ll order these again.
Brocatus,5 out of 5,good concrete cigar,this is a good one!
Brocatus,5 out of 5,good concrete cigar!,great one!
Brocatus,4 out of 5,Good Value,Pretty good cigar for the money
Brocatus,4 out of 5,Brocatus Churdhill,"My late evening smoke with a glass of bourbon , nice way to end a day ."
Brocatus,4 out of 5,Brocatus Robusto,"Nice, even burning and a perfect early afternoon smoke"
Brocatus,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Brocatus,4 out of 5,Good cigar for the price.,"I am by no means a connoisseur, but I find the Brocatus in any configuration to be a flavorful smoke without the harshness of other lower priced cigars. There is the occasional too loose or too tight a roll, but overall the quality is acceptable."
Brocatus,5 out of 5,"A very good cigar, smooth","A very good cigar, smooth draw& mild, no bitter aftertaste."
Brocatus,4 out of 5,wS,Great cigar. Draws good burns great this is my second box expecting to buy morr
Brocatus,5 out of 5,Good smoke,"Nice taste, no bite, enjoyed on the lawnmower"
Brocatus,4 out of 5,Nice Robusto,"Strong build, flavorful and a nice aroma"
Brocatus,4 out of 5,An honest cigar.,"You're never going to confuse it with a Macanudo, but, at this price, you can't beat it. Perfect for dog walking or any other activity where you don't want to smoke an expensive cigar. It is a true bargain. Mild flavor with long filler. I have spent more and gotten far less. My daily smoker for dog walks and ramblings outside."
Brocatus,5 out of 5,Low $,"I know people use this cliché all the time, “ a good cigar for the money “ and it is."
Brocatus,5 out of 5,All around great stick!,"Great Stick, love them, burned two last evening while working. Perfect burn, awesome flavor, long burn time, I got 2.25 hrs. from each both outstanding!!! Recommend for anytime smoke am or pm, love them ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️"
Brocatus,4 out of 5,Brocatus Robusto,"This was my first order and taste trial of this cigar. I enjoy a mild smoke in a 5 by 50 size when on the golf course. I enjoyed the taste, the smooth even burn and consistency of the cigar through the entire length. I also ask my golf buds their opinion of the aroma and it received favorable comments. For the price and quality it meets my expectations. Will purchase again."
Brocatus,4 out of 5,Hate the shipping charges.,Hate the shipping charges.
Brocatus,4 out of 5,Real good Cigar,Great everyday Cigars love them for the price
Brocatus,4 out of 5,Good stuff!,Very well rounded taste.
Brocatus,5 out of 5,Light and nice,Extremely nice and pleasant smoke. Flavor is nice and light cedar. Excellent for a day on the water or even a relaxing day at the pool. 10/10 would recommend for a nice inexpensive smoke.
Brocatus,4 out of 5,Good buy,Solid cheap cigar —-even burn —slightly over mild —-great bargain cigar
Brocatus,5 out of 5,"Want a relaxing cigar, try Brocatus","Totally enjoy the Brocatus Robusto cigar, mild with a great flavor, been purchasing this brand for a while now, I suggest you try it too."
Brocatus,4 out of 5,They were better.,They were better.
Brocatus,4 out of 5,Decent Churchill Smoke,"Fine smoke, I find Quorum Shade Churchills a better option myself, but this is a decent smoke."
Brocatus,3 out of 5,Good everyday smoke,A good choice for an inexpensive everyday smoke. Not much depth but a decent taste and burn. A good smoke for working in the yard pr when you do not have enough time to fully enjoy an expensive stick
Brocatus,5 out of 5,Smooth,Very nice and smooth
Brocatus,5 out of 5,Great smokes for a low cost,These cigars burn so good. They are consistently great. I buy these over and over
Brocatus,3 out of 5,Good,Good taste burn fine would buy again
Brocatus,5 out of 5,Brocatus robustt,Excellent smoke
Brocatus,4 out of 5,Great smoke,This is not the first time I tried these. A great value.
Brocatus,4 out of 5,A Happy Discovery!,I hesitated at first. Then decided to take a chance. Very happy that I did. A very enjoyable smoke. Would buy again.
Brocatus,3 out of 5,Not bad,Not bad
Brocatus,4 out of 5,Great price for a good,Great price for a good cigar
Brocatus,4 out of 5,Good buy,Good cigar I will buy again
Brocatus,5 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
Brocatus,3 out of 5,Ok,You are what your rating says you are!
Brocatus,5 out of 5,brocatus,I think eliminating the two-fer was just an excuse to raise the price.
Brocatus,5 out of 5,a great cigar,a great cigar
Brocatus,4 out of 5,"Smooth flavor throughout, even burn,","Smooth flavor throughout, even burn, great price."
Brocatus,5 out of 5,Great Value,For the price I don't think you can beat these cigars. They have a good taste to them. I think I've had a couple that have burned unevenly but that's the only negative thing I have found with them. I plan on buying more.
Brocatus,5 out of 5,"Great cigar, amazing service from Cigars International!!!",Thanks for the great service
Brocatus,5 out of 5,As good as it gets for the money.,"Nice even draw, solid wrapping, most burn evenly. Good value."
Brocatus Anejo,4 out of 5,Great cigar for the price,Great cigar for the price
Brocatus Anejo,4 out of 5,Cuz I'm great smoke however,Cuz I'm great smoke however get smoked too fast
Brocatus Anejo,5 out of 5,Brocatus does it again,"I have been buying the original brocatus for years and they are always consistent in quality and flavor. It's one of the better bargain brands. This new anejo is stronger than the original. It is medium to full bodied with prominent black pepper notes. It is similar to the original man o war cigar in flavor. If your looking for a stronger cigar at a good price, this is it."
Brocatus Anejo,4 out of 5,Fantastic!,"The first scents I noticed when I unwrapped one drew me towards spice, rich elegant leather with hints of chocolate paired with black pepper. The draw was fantastic, stayed that way until the end and I could hardly wait to light up another. Even paired well with a 15 year single malt and I will be buying several more boxes."
Buffalo TEN,5 out of 5,You cant bet it for the price!,"For the price, this was an amazing cigar. Very flavorful with hints of spice and chocolate. I have purchased cigars that cost twice this price and were terrible. I am a Padron 1964 Anniversary smoker, but this cigar is a great substitute for an everyday smoke. The only negative I can say is it doesnt always burn super even, but usually corrects itself."
Bugatti Ambassador,5 out of 5,Smooth!!!,Very smooth with a good aroma.
Bugatti Ambassador,5 out of 5,A true ultra-premium!,"Outstandingly consistent, flavorful medium body cigar. Slow to burn with lots of smoke. Quite enjoyable!"
Bugatti Ambassador,5 out of 5,Great cigars,Great cigars
Bugatti Ambassador,2 out of 5,bugatti needs a tune-up,"bought a box of these and i must say they did not meet my expectations at all. they were not not the worst cigars i have smoked,but find that they were loose in their costruction asd burned unevenly snf tended to have a loose ash that ""flowered"" at the end ; rather looke a bit like an exploded cigar from a three stooges skit. they had a rather nice buzz factor for a medium strength cigar that i tend to like in a cigar that i smoke, but this was not enough to make up for all the other short-comings. the box and presentation is awesome and if one could smoke the attractive box it likely would be the best cigar on the face of the earth. the namesake makes one think that these are high-end. however, if the the motourcar had all the failings of this cigar, it it would be on the back of a tow truck all the time. i recommend to stick with your favourites and not spend your money on this highly-touted cigar; better to drive a lesser brand that gets you from point A to B than to have something that is showy but falls short on delivering the performance and fails to get started started at all."
Bugatti Medio,5 out of 5,Very pleased,"I got these cigars on one of the promotions , I was pleasantly surprised , I will definitely put these sticks in my rotation."
Bugatti Medio,3 out of 5,I found the wrap to,I found the wrap to be a little bland and the cigar to be a mild rather than a medium. Good burn and a GREAT cigar for the price which I got them for.
Bugatti Medio,4 out of 5,Very Nice Smoke,"When I first received the cigars I lit one up. It was mediocre and had a hard draw. So I threw them in the humidor and hoped for the best. Just finished smoking one a month later,and I'm really impressed. Just a great mild smoke that came to life. Will be buying more."
Bugatti Medio,4 out of 5,Bugatti 5 pack,"Very good smoke! Good draw, good construction, medium to full flavor!"
Bugatti Medio,5 out of 5,Great smoke! Great price!,"I was a big skeptical at first. I tore into the package the day I got them in the mail and lit one up. Hmm. Not great. I thought I had become victim to the ""cheap smoke"" again. But 2 weeks later, after being in the humi, Wow! Are these the same sticks I put in there? Great flavor. Balanced spice with that earthy leather fullness that is so pleasing. Not to mention that there is just that faint bit of sweet undertone starting about a half inch in. Very enjoyable. Very recommended."
Bugatti Medio,4 out of 5,Bugati Cigar Review,"Very good smoke! Medium to full flavor, good construction, even burn."
Bugatti Medio,4 out of 5,Really good,"I’m gonna try them again 1 day soon.
Luke"
Bugatti Medio,4 out of 5,Good Cigar,"Purchased these because of an amazing special they had going and honestly wasn’t expecting much. Jokes on me, definitely some nice quality cigars with great flavor. Wish I had gotten more of them. Highly recommend."
Bugatti Medio,3 out of 5,Okay smole,I found this cigar to have a very slow draw
Bugatti Medio,4 out of 5,Good taste,Smooth and taste good
Bugatti Medio,3 out of 5,nice cigar,"nice cigar,nice smoke. the only draw back had to touchup a couple of tjmes"
Bugatti Medio,5 out of 5,Smooth,Great smoke Great burn. Will buy again
Bugatti Medio,5 out of 5,Smooth burns nice even,Smooth burns nice even
Bugatti Medio,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,This was a pleasent experience. Great cigar to try at a bargain price!
Bugatti Medio,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,Great smoke!
Bugatti Medio,4 out of 5,Nice Everyday smoker,Its a pretty tasty everyday stick if you choose to smoke daily. I enjoyed it for the low cost. Would recommend.
Bugatti Medio,5 out of 5,good value,good value
Bugatti Medio,4 out of 5,Solid,"As the title implies. Solod, but not special in any way. Well made, easy draw after punch. Worth a few bucks a stick."
Bugatti Medio,4 out of 5,BUGATTI MEDIO ROBUSTO,"I found half were hard to light and keep lit. Took a hard draw to keep them lit.
However, I took a tooth pick and inserted it in the end I put in my mouth as far
as I could. And now the draw was easy and the cigar was enjoyable.
Bill"
Bugatti Medio,4 out of 5,A little stronger than advertised,The cigar started out strong but shortly in smoothed out to a medium body smoke. I'm going to let the rest relax in my humidor. I enjoyed the one I smoked and would buy again at the right price.
Bugatti Medio,3 out of 5,Not bad at all,"This cigar was pretty good, and for the price there are no complaints.
Thank you"
Bugatti Medio,4 out of 5,Bugatti Good,"Recently purchased five Bugatti Medio Robusto, They were better that I was told. Long easy even burn and great flavor."
Bugatti Medio,4 out of 5,Easy smoke,"General all around good cigar, definitely not disappointed with purchase."
Bugatti Medio,4 out of 5,Not a bad stick...,Surprisingly a good puffer. Nice taste and draw.
Bugatti Medio,2 out of 5,Decent little smoke,Decent little smoke
Bugatti Medio,5 out of 5,Bugatti media noch,"Very nice medium smoke to me, thoroughly enjoyed it!"
Bugatti Medio,5 out of 5,Bugatti,Good smoke
Bugatti Medio,3 out of 5,Decent smoke,Great buy for the price.
Bugatti Medio,3 out of 5,Not bad,1 our 5 plugged other than that their not to bad. Nothing fancy.
Bugatti Medio,4 out of 5,Decent Smoke,I got the Bugatti in a five 5 pack special they offered. Excellent smoke excellent pull excellent taste. Decent smoke for an everyday smoke.
Bugatti Medio,4 out of 5,Nice smoke very mellow,Nice Smoke
Bugatti Medio,2 out of 5,"Full flavor, tight draw","Full flavored, but not necessarily in a good way. Acrid and dry, when the tight draw allows for a decent taste."
Bugatti Medio,5 out of 5,Great buy,Good cigar for the price.
Bugatti Medio,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Enjoyed this cigar. Smooth draw.
Bugatti Medio,5 out of 5,Nice smoke,"A great smoke. When I saw 5 for a dollar, I of course figured these would be awful. Far from it. Looking forward to smoking these again."
Bugatti Medio,3 out of 5,A little bite a decent,A little bite a decent cigar
Bugatti Medio,3 out of 5,Bugatti,Fair
Bugatti Medio,5 out of 5,Bugatti Medio,"I thought since they were so cheap that it was going to be a bad smoke. I was definitely mistaken. It had a nice burn, great draw and the flavor wasn’t half bad. It wasn’t excellent but definitely a repeat smoke"
Bugatti Medio,5 out of 5,yummy,nice smoking cigar
Bugatti Medio,4 out of 5,Not Bad,"Good construction, great price"
Bugatti Medio,5 out of 5,Good and strong,This was a good cigar
Bugatti Medio,3 out of 5,Nice clean and even burn...Will,Nice clean and even burn...Will put in humidor to age a little....not a bad stick.
Bugatti Medio,5 out of 5,A good smoke,It was a very full taste and good till the end.
Bugatti Medio,3 out of 5,Bugatti,Bugatti
Bugatti Medio,4 out of 5,Outstanding,I receive 5 for a discount price and it would have first time I ever had them they burn good smell good overall a good smoke
Bugatti Medio,5 out of 5,Bugatti medio,Excellent cigars and service!
Bugatti Medio,4 out of 5,Good medium bodied cigar!,Good medium bodied cigar!
Bugatti Medio,3 out of 5,Good everyday stick,Good everyday stick
Bugatti Medio,4 out of 5,Burning Bugatti,This stick is surprisingly good. Nice & even burn. Smooth on the palate & easy on the pocket! Definitely recommend.
Bugatti Medio,3 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Bugatti Potere,3 out of 5,Bold Flavor but leaves more to be expected,I've enjoyed these cigars as a quick smoke with bold flavor. It does leave a little bit to be expected but is a good bargain.
Bugatti Potere,4 out of 5,A good drive,Although not my favorite Bugatti this is a good smoke . A little on the stronger side from the Ambassador you should enjoy this cigar. I usually smoke it in my BMW 128i with the top down which seems to let it taste better
Bugatti Potere,4 out of 5,A real nice ride at Chevy prices,The podere is the mildest of the 3 cigars offered. I liked them all but this was my favorite. Price makes it a great value as well. I wish I had a Bugatti with top down to smoke it in but I'm afraid my BMW 128i will have to do
Bugatti Potere,5 out of 5,"Great cigar. Smokes smoothly, stays","Great cigar. Smokes smoothly, stays lite has a nice aroma."
Bugatti Potere,5 out of 5,Enjoyed the mellow taste and,Enjoyed the mellow taste and flavor. Had a nice even burn .would purchase again
Bugatti Potere,5 out of 5,Smooth taste,I was surprisingly pleased by the smooth taste.
Bugatti Potere,5 out of 5,TASTE GOOD & I like,TASTE GOOD & I like the size.
Bugatti Potere,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
Bugatti Potere,4 out of 5,Solid Cigar,The cigar had very body and a perfect burn. The only downside was the band adhesive was also on the cigar causing part of the wrapper to pull loose.
Bugatti Potere,5 out of 5,GREAT CIGAR,Nice cigar for the everyday smoker
Bugatti Potere,5 out of 5,Chill’n,A nice evening smoke for the price. I paired it with a peated smokey scotch.
Bugatti Potere,3 out of 5,Puff was OK at best,Not a great puff. Couldn't pull good flavor out of the cigar. Wish I would not have bought a box. Will give these to others to enjoy. A good share with others cigar.
Bugatti Potere,5 out of 5,Bugatti cigars,"At present the cigars will be in my large humidore, but I have smoked Bugatti before and found them to be an excellent cigar at a great price and could not resist ordering them again"
Bugatti Potere,4 out of 5,Good cigar for the money,"This cigar is stronger than you think. It should be listed as a medium-strong. That said it has decent peppery flavor, consistent draw and a strong finish. A couple were hard to keep lit. The friends I shared with all thought it was a decent smoke."
Bugatti Potere,2 out of 5,Never again,They are a somewhat harsh with inconsistent draw. I had to throw several away because of hard spots in the middle that could not be softened for a good draw.
Bugatti Potere,4 out of 5,They were great for the,They were great for the price.. would love to buy them again if the price is right..
Bugatti Potere,3 out of 5,Very even smoking cigar,Very even smoking cigar
Bugatti Potere,4 out of 5,"Winner,winner...chicken dinner!","Got these on sale, and they are some tasty morsels...plus no burn issues!"
Bugatti Potere,4 out of 5,A few did not have,"A few did not have very good draw!!!
Other than that I will get them again."
Bugatti Potere,4 out of 5,Bugatti,I think this is an attempt to use a famous name to promote a mediocre product.
Bugatti Potere,4 out of 5,Nice,Good mild daily smoke...
Bugatti Potere,5 out of 5,The best cigar I’ve had in years.,"Absolutely perfect, smooth draw and every cigar is the same. I’m ordering more of them."
Bugatti Potere,3 out of 5,My only issue with the,My only issue with the cigar was the glue that was used on the wrapper on some remained once the wrapper was removed and turned the taste and smell to burning plastic.
Bugatti Potere,3 out of 5,Bugatti sticks,Expected better but not terribly disappointed at the price point.
Bugatti Potere,3 out of 5,Some are and others not,"I feel that the quality control is very hot or miss with these cigars. Some draw well and others a horrible. When they don't draw well, the flavor is off and I just throw them away. I am pretty disappointed with my purchase."
Bugatti Potere,5 out of 5,Bugatti,"Smooth smoke, even burn would buy again"
Bugatti Potere,4 out of 5,good cigar reasonable price,"I had my tester buddy try a Bugatti he agreed with me very good cigar.
I paid a reasonable price as well"
Bugatti Potere,1 out of 5,"Too earthy, grassy.","Too earthy, grassy."
Bugatti Potere,3 out of 5,Decent cigar,First buying a box. Most were ok especially in the morning with coffee. Flavor draw and burn were average. Probably will it buy again.
Bugatti Potere,5 out of 5,Bugatti,Excellent every day smoke. Smooth mild flavor. Would definitely buy again.
Bugatti Potere,4 out of 5,very good,very good
Bugatti Potere,3 out of 5,So so,Doesn’t burn even..
Bugatti Potere,2 out of 5,Bad Choice,"I was very disappointed with these cigars. Vary hard draw and an uneven burn.
I will never buy them again."
Bugatti Potere,2 out of 5,Not very good at all,Not very good. Very tough draw. Not much flavor. Nothing really good to say about these. Very disappointing.
Bugatti Potere,1 out of 5,boo gatti,not even a good every day cigar they should have charged for the free % pack and given away the box will never buy again
Bugatti Potere,4 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth
Bugatti Potere,5 out of 5,A well made and well priced smoke,A very tasty yet mild smoke. Lovely !
Bugatti Potere,5 out of 5,BUGATTI-THE CIGAR,"I got them on special. Bugatti Potere Churchill. Been smoking cigars over 50 years, looking for MY cigar, mild with a really nice taste that I could afford. I FOUND it after all these years. but my funds are limited. so I'll watch for specials. If you're looking for what I was try it."
Bugatti Quattro Claro,4 out of 5,Bugatti Quattro Claro Toro,"Four stars... Full flavor , medium strength with notes of bitter-sweet chocolate and mild damp earth.The burn was a bit wonky and uneven reaching just before the half-way mark and the smoke output could have been more but all and all an excellent cigar."
Bugatti Quattro Claro,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Bugatti Scuro,4 out of 5,Love it.,Very nice smoke. Good draw. Great flavor. Fantastic aroma.
Bugatti Scuro,5 out of 5,Bugatti is great.,"Great cigar just did not realize how small it was going to be. Full of flavor,easy draw."
Bugatti Scuro,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,Excellent smoke
Bugatti Scuro,5 out of 5,Nice,Great smoke
Bugatti Scuro,5 out of 5,Fell in love with these strong cigars at 1st light.,"These cigars are a keeper for those of the dark wrapper. Burns evenly and is good for after a meal. Try a 5 pack if you like to try competing cigars like this. This Bugatti for me is a go to for the mudoro cigars. This one will keep you coming back for more. ""Light em up!"""
Bugatti Scuro,5 out of 5,"Very smooth draw, great aroma,","Very smooth draw, great aroma, nice tast."
Bugatti Scuro,5 out of 5,Great smoke for the price!,Very happy with this purchase.
Bugatti Scuro,5 out of 5,Cooler than the other side of the pillow,This a very smooth smoke I usually share a smoke with my mailman this time I didn't I gave him a pretty good cigar just not the Bugatti
Bugatti Scuro,4 out of 5,Quality smoke,I was pleasantly surprised! This is not a novelty cigar.
Bugatti Scuro,3 out of 5,Drew Estates,"There sitting in my Humidor, waiting for them to get Happy. Every box of cigars I purchase will always end up in the humidor. When they've been in there long enough, than I'll post a review of a cigar"
Bugatti Scuro,5 out of 5,Nice,The Bugatti Scuro is very similar to a Drew Estate Undercrown for less money.
Bugatti Scuro,5 out of 5,One of the best cigars,"One of the best cigars I've bought at CI
On promo it's a great value
Great draw,fine burn,can smoke down to the nub without getting hot or losing flavor
Bugatti is one of my go to cigars
Please send a complimentary pack"
Bugatti Scuro,4 out of 5,Tasty little sucker,I was surprised that it would taste that giid. I gave a couple of co-workers one.
Bugatti Scuro,5 out of 5,Bugatti,"Nice cigar, Great price"
Bugatti Scuro,5 out of 5,Bugatti oscuro,"Good deal on a good cigar with a solid draw that burns nice and even, not to mention an awesome taste"
Bugatti Scuro,5 out of 5,GOOD CIGAR GREAT DEAL,GOOD CIGAR GREAT DEAL
Bugatti Scuro,4 out of 5,Short on size but not on flavor...,"My favorite cigar is a Churchill. But every now and then I like a smaller cigar; and while this Robusto is smaller in size , it measures up in flavor."
Bugatti Scuro,4 out of 5,Not bad,"Not a bad cigar for the price, I bought a box of them and most had decent Construction. Had a toasty chocolate taste throughout, with some coffee and wood notes. Medium body."
Bugatti Scuro,4 out of 5,Bugatti Scuro,"The cigar had a chocolate caramel flavor.
Had problems keeping it lit.
I smoked it out of the package.
I will allow a few more weeks in the humidifier,
Good initial smoke"
Bugatti Scuro,4 out of 5,Bugatti Scuro Robusto,A decent stick at a decent price. I'd buy them again when they're on sale.
Bugatti Scuro,5 out of 5,I love them nice even,I love them nice even burn great taste from start to finish
Bugatti Scuro,4 out of 5,Decent smoke for the money,Decent smoke for the money
Bugatti Scuro,3 out of 5,Bugatti,More like a Chevy
Bugatti Scuro,4 out of 5,Very good cigar Enjoy the,"Very good cigar
Enjoy the cigar
Will buy again"
Bugatti Scuro,5 out of 5,Pleased with these,I'm really grooving on these Bugattis. Very flavorful full-bodied smoke. Chocolatey goodness. The box they came in is a beautiful bonus. Will buy again.
Bugatti Scuro,5 out of 5,Bugatti,"This cigar surprised me!!
A buddy of mine gave me one and I bad it on the back porch and was really amazed! Liked it so much I bought a box the same day!!!!!"
Bugatti Scuro,5 out of 5,Pure garbage!!!!! They need to,Pure garbage!!!!! They need to change the name to “Bu-Got’em”….
Bugatti Scuro,4 out of 5,BUGATTI SCURO TORO,"OPEN THE BOX NICE SCENT, WHEN SMOKE HAD A GOOD TASTE, HOWEVER IT SEEMS ITS MISSING SOMTHING, IM KEEP WAITING FOR IT TO GET BETTER,"
Bugatti Scuro,5 out of 5,Enjoy,Great cigar
Bugatti Scuro,5 out of 5,Nice smooth full body cigar,Nice smooth full body cigar I’m glad I try it.
Bugatti Scuro,4 out of 5,Bugati,Good strong reasonably priced smoke
Bugatti Scuro,4 out of 5,Good Smoke,Overall it is a good smoke for the value
Bugatti Scuro,4 out of 5,"Gordon E. - Wichita Falls, TX","This is one of the better cigars I've smoked in a long time. I was pleasantly surprised with the quality of the cigars, especially at the price. You sent me a box of 20 for under $50.00 including postage. If you have the same deal, I'd buy another box."
Bugatti Scuro,3 out of 5,Good construction just not a lot of flavor,These are really good for the money. Burn and construction was great just not a lot of flavor.
Bugatti Scuro,5 out of 5,A cigar befitting th name,"Great roll, great draw, even burn, good ash, mellow flavor that belies its power. Great cigar."
Bugatti Scuro,5 out of 5,One hell of a great cigar they've taken the number one spot in my listing,I have found a new number one for my tasty relaxing cigar and that's the Bugatti definitely will buy again multiple times over
Bugatti Scuro,5 out of 5,Take a walk on the dark side,"I absolutely love dark wrapped cigars. The smell, the tase. With a bonus 5, great deal."
Bugatti Scuro,4 out of 5,OK SMOKE,A LITTLE ON THE SPICY SIDE
Bugatti Scuro,3 out of 5,Decent cigar,No overwhelming flavors but a good stick for the price. They do burn good
Bugatti Scuro,4 out of 5,great smoke,great smoke
Bugatti Scuro,4 out of 5,Bugatti,Nice smoke. Good flavor.
Bugatti Scuro,4 out of 5,Bugatti Scuro Toro,"Good even draw, great looking construction and smoke."
Bugatti Scuro,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Bugatti Scuro,5 out of 5,Son Buenos voy a comprar,Son Buenos voy a comprar de nuevo
Bugatti Scuro,5 out of 5,Bugatti Rules,Excellent smoke - medium + and great with afternoon coffee.
Bugatti Scuro,3 out of 5,Bugatti,"I personally liked the Maduro best out of the 3 that they offer !
I would buy them again as long as they’re on sale"
Bugatti Scuro,4 out of 5,Butgatti,Nice cigar good smoke and smell for the price wrapper is on the thin side and burns uneven in the beginning
Bugatti Scuro,5 out of 5,Very tasty,Very tasty
Bugatti Scuro,4 out of 5,kind smoke,"Was not sure when I purchased what I bought. Certainly a good surprise. A week in my humidor
and they smoke excellant, burn has been perfect to. Flavor 5*****"
Bugatti Scuro,3 out of 5,Nice stick,"good smoke for the price. Not overly flavorful, but good for golf course or party when sharing may come into the equation."
Bugatti Signature,1 out of 5,Disappointed,"I bought the five pack to treat myself. What can I say? Only one cigar was perfect at this kind of money. The taste was not consistent, draw was dismal, and burn uneven. I wish there could be a second chance-ain't happening with my money."
Cabaiguan by Tatuaje,4 out of 5,Great mild smoke,Great mild smoke
Cabaiguan by Tatuaje,5 out of 5,One of my all time,"One of my all time favorites. Rich, smooth smoke. Cigar burns beautiful Pleasant after taste. I rate this a 10/10 for my taste"
Cabaiguan by Tatuaje,5 out of 5,Excellent,"Not a big fan of light wrappers, but this cigar is unbelievable.
The Nicaraguan filler gives it body without it becoming overpowering, and I find myself smoking them until I can't hold them any longer.
I taste nuts, with some pepper, and no bitterness whatsoever.
If you're a maduro man like me, and want a change of pace, give this cigar a try."
Cabaiguan by Tatuaje,5 out of 5,Outstanding,"I'm a maduro guy, but this cigar is outstanding.
My only regret is that I didn't buy more, but I'll rectify that soon enough.
Expensive, but worth it."
Cabaiguan by Tatuaje,5 out of 5,Awesome mild smoke,"Not a mild cigar fan by any stretch. Tried one at one of my local shops on a day when I craved a mild smoke, and I'm very impressed with the smoothness of this smoke.
It has enough flavor to let you know that it is a serious cigar, but it's smooth to the point of making it an effortless, thoroughly enjoyable smoke.
If you're a maduro man like me, and you feel like you want to change it up, I highly recommend trying one.
Nutty flavor that gets richer as it burns down. You won't want it to end."
Cabaiguan by Tatuaje,5 out of 5,Gread mild to medium smoke,"I think I really disagree with the other reviewers on the appearance of this cigar. To me it felt flawless; smooth, a bit of a shine of oil, very little veins. First draw brought a bit of cocoa, light spice and a good taste of wood. The second half is really where this guy shines. The flavors really come together and gave just a little more flavor to really satisfy a smoker with a taste for mild. I do agree for those that like a more full bodied smoke this isn't for you. But as a mild smoke goes, it's one of the best smokes I've had."
Cabaiguan Guapos by Tatuaje,5 out of 5,One of my all time,"One of my all time favorites. Rich, smooth smoke. Cigar burns beautiful Pleasant after taste. I rate this a 10/10 for my taste"
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,5 out of 5,Cafe Creme,Excellent small cigars.
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,3 out of 5,I'm still sampling different cigarillos,"It was worth trying them. I prefer a longer, larger cigarillo as it turns out. More like a cigarette, not really for me. I've found better values on CI, that I am buying now."
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,5 out of 5,Cafe Creme,The Cafe Creme is an excellent taste and the delivery service was great
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,4 out of 5,Cafe Creme,Smooth little smokes. I enjoyed them.
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,5 out of 5,excellent flavor and reasonably priced.,excellent flavor and reasonably priced. some people don't like the size (too small) but for me they are fine.
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,5 out of 5,I noticed that they are,I noticed that they are staled. That cannot continue to be. And they had spotting GREEN like a fungus. I NEED FRESH cigars
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,5 out of 5,Smooth natural flavor,Smooth natural flavor
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,5 out of 5,If you dont have enough time,Always a delicious taste! Perfect if you don’t have enough time!
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,2 out of 5,no 'flavor',"with a name like 'cafe', I expected a slight coffee flavor like my last purchase of these...it wasn't there..."
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,5 out of 5,Cigar Bar at Wedding,We bought these for a cigar bar for my daughter's wedding. Perfect for those that wanted to join in!
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,5 out of 5,Cafe creme,A great little smoke. Perfect when you are short on time.
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,4 out of 5,Pretty good,"They're okay , need to be sold in a tin ."
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,4 out of 5,Buying more for my hubby,"Hi Sweet tooth Lady here my hubby loves these, but as I said before they are too small for me. The pack we have has great smooth flavor and as long as my hubby is happy I'm happy. I will buy more for him. So it's safe to this is buy again. They don't have a sweet flavor but it mellow and creamy. He's a happy guy ;-D."
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,2 out of 5,Harsh taste,Harsh taste as compared to others flavors offered.
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,4 out of 5,Too tiny 4=cigarillo 8=cigar,"2 Puffs and done! They are smaller than I thought I should have paid attention to the measurements. They are mild and smooth but they are not what I would call a true sweet cigarillo. I like them but it's not enough for me I need 4 of these to feel like I had a cigarillo, and 8 for a cigar. They are good and good for none smokers to try. I'm not sure how I could live on these lol. I feel like they are for a gag joke. Sorry to say I can't buy these for my birthday party. These will be good for my hubby he's not a smoker but he still might need 3-4 of these to feel like he's had a smoke. This is too funny to me they are sooooo tiny. X-D!"
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,5 out of 5,Easy Smokin,"These are tasty little cigarillos and CI has them for the lowest price anywhere. They're a great 5 minute smoke and if you haven't tried them, do it."
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,3 out of 5,Cafe cremes,Not as good as bacarat
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,5 out of 5,Mild blend,This is a good mild blend . And the size is just right for when you want a cigar but don't have a lot of time
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,3 out of 5,Cigar tryouts,I was looking for another small smoke like Shrapnel sweets. These burn a bit hot & harsh in the middle. Good fishing smoke.
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,1 out of 5,Not exactly what I wanted.,"Nice smoke, wrong flavor."
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,5 out of 5,Very good,Excellent Service
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,2 out of 5,Meh!,Nothing to write home about
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,5 out of 5,Cafe Creme,Great 3 minute smoke while taking a break from yardwork.
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,5 out of 5,Excellent!,"I get what I order and it arrives earlier than than expected.
Thanks you guys!"
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,4 out of 5,Good little cigars for a 5 minute smoke break,"Nice mellow flavor, very well priced lottle smokers for quick breaks."
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,4 out of 5,"Malty somewhat creamy, not very flavorful towards end.","To start, I am only recently getting into cigars so take this review for what that is worth. These Cafe Creme Mild's are very refreshing at first. They begin with a nice soothing flavor that reminds me of a coffee with extra cream that is quite relaxing.
Where these cigs lose their lore is towards the end. As you get closer to breathing in the hot smoke it looses almost all it's flavor. With this being a mild cigar it isn't surprising that it teases the taste buds with a glimpse of creme, however as you get closer to the burning end this infatuation meets a hot ashy unpleasant end.
Overall I would say great priced, decent flavor (at first), good for casual/beginner smoker."
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,4 out of 5,"Matthew A Judson Colonel, Aviation, USAR","Awesome customer service. Whether on the ""road"" or at home. Unparalleled products."
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,5 out of 5,Awesome service,Cigars International is the best value when it comes to online cigars store. The offer a great customer service at a competitive price.
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,5 out of 5,My wife loves them!,I was buying a bunch of cigars and my wife included these on the order. They are a quick smoke for her and she loves the flavor!
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,1 out of 5,no taste and too small,no taste and too small
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,5 out of 5,Great Customer Service,Great customer service and fast delivery.
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,5 out of 5,It was a good cigarillo,I enjoyed it very much
Cafe Creme Henri Wintermans,3 out of 5,They're ok,"Weak flavor, but okay for the price."
Cain by Oliva,4 out of 5,Bold,Good cigar start to finish
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,Sweet Christmas!,"The habano tubo is the perfect format to represent this tasty ligero heavyweight. The freshness is evident and undeniable. Strong, smooth, and flavorful with an interesting metallic sweetness. This is an amazing value. Sweet Christmas!"
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great flavor & Strength,This is my daily smoke. I have yet to find a cigar that tastes as good.
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,Cain Habano,Great 👍 cigar love em will always have some in my humidor
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,Cain 660 maduro,"Full bodied, smooth and consistent."
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,Cain maduro,Best cigar I ever smoked.
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,Customer,Honestly prefer the nub size Cain but the robusto is not so bad. The blend is extremely good. Smoking them repeatedly it could be a trend!
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,Cain 'F',"Expertly shipped. Even after shipping, perfectly humidified cigar. Cain 'F' is on my list of my top two favorite smokes!!
Full-bodied, extreme richness & power-packed flavor! Never disappoints."
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,Recent Purchase of Cain F Habano Robusto,I recently purchased the Cain F by Oliva which is one of my go to cigar brands. My order was delivered within a few days and was packaged very well and the cigars arrived safe and sound. The cigars were fresh however one in the pack of five was defective as the wrapper was split and unraveled which is unusual for this brand. I intend on making regular purchases from CI for all my smoking needs. Highly recommended.
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,Does not disappoint,"My experience is with the Robusto Maduro. This cigar has not disappointed yet. Great bold taste and strength. So many cigars start out with a great taste and then turn bitter, these DO NOT. Perfect draw and good enough burn. Not razor sharp on the burn but no troubles at all. I only wish they would pack these in a more appropriately attractive box. These sticks deserve that much."
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,Cain by Oliva Best Smoke,Most excellent smoke have been enjoying them for years. I highly recommend them.
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,Cain is able.,"A very good smoke, I prefer long slender mild smokes and this is one"
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,"Excellent. I had never even heard of this cigar but I bought one today and it was an outstanding smoke. Very even, cool burn, with an excellent flavor. Considerably more expensive than most cigars I smoke but I would have to say it was worth the price. I recommend."
Cain by Oliva,4 out of 5,Great stick. A little tight,Great stick. A little tight on the draw.
Cain by Oliva,3 out of 5,Bold!,Too bold for me but I finished it...
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,"Try them, you'll like them!","I was surprised by this stick. I had a Cain or two. I picked this up in a new shop and thought, well, it's worth a shot. Wow! I am way sorry not to have tried this before! Great taste, great construction, easy smoking. This will be my next box buy! AWESOME!"
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,Louis Hesselt-van-Din,"Very good smoke. Lots of flavor not harsh at all. Only complaint, not as strong as original issue."
Cain by Oliva,2 out of 5,Not the cigar it was in past years.,"There is a change to the flavor and consistency that are not welcome. They burn somewhat hot rather than the smooth flavorful draw they had in the past. I was very disappointed, especially at the price of these."
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"Full flavor, great construction, lots of smoke. This is a just a great cigar, no doubt about it."
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,An excellent full bodied smoke,Now my favorite cigar by far
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,"Cain ""F"" series","Being a fan of the original ""Cain"" series, I was doubtful of the ""F"" series, thinking that it was a piggyback effort like a lot of the cigar producers,....to my delight this was not the case. The ""F"" series is an improvement on a wonderful cigar, and not a cigar to be taken lightly,...."
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,This was a great smoke. Great from start to finish if you're looking for a full flavor cigar. Will Buy Again!
Cain by Oliva,4 out of 5,Good smoke,"The Robusto F is a good smoke, but not as good as the 660. That is a great smoke."
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,Awesome smoke,It has been one of my favorites since it came out. Wonderful construction and burn and a great smoke!
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,WELL DONE,"From start to finish, a well made stick. Slightly firm yet steady draw with a perfect amount of smoke throughout. Flavor actually trumps strength in the final 3rd. Enjoy with your favorite beverage..."
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,"Winner, from all angles","I love this cigar! Even, consistent burn, big plumes of smoke with a very smooth taste. Satisfying to the palate, and goes well with anything from coffee to Bourbon. I highly recommend this cigar, definitely a winner--I know I will be buying more of them."
Cain by Oliva,3 out of 5,Cain by Oliva 'F' Habano Lancero,I usually get the 660. I love it so much I decided to try the robusto and lancero. The 660 while very full is also very smooth. The lancero not so much. Kind of novel but will most likely not order that size again.
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,Cain F,"Cigars are bold and full bodied! I've been smoking these for a few years and never seem to let me down. Put your ""big boy"" pants on for a great smoke!"
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,Big Daddy Cain,Iv'e been smoking Cain's for a few years one of my favorites
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,ain by Oliva,"Fantastic cigar. Perfect burn, nice pull, pleasant taste. It is now my go to cigar for that post dinner smoke."
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,Cain,Hands down My favorite cigar
Cain by Oliva,5 out of 5,Excellent!!!,Excellent cigar perfection in all phases. The closer this thing gets to the nub the better it is. Truly a wonderful cigar!!!
Cain Daytona by Oliva,4 out of 5,"My first experience, on a","My first experience, on a golf course, was just ok. However, when I allowed myself to chill and really enjoy this cigar, it came alive. A nice medium-bodied smoke with a good amount of rich flavors."
Cain Daytona by Oliva,5 out of 5,Love them,Great flavor great draw great burn
Cain Daytona by Oliva,4 out of 5,Good every day smoke,Wanted to replace the partagas I’ve grown disappointed in. Nice construction and draw with a similar flavor as partagas. Never bites and price is reasonable.
Cain Daytona by Oliva,5 out of 5,cinnamon red hots,One of my favorites! Tastes reminiscent of those childhood candies.
Cain Daytona by Oliva,5 out of 5,Olivia Daytona,Still one of my favorites
Cain Daytona by Oliva,5 out of 5,Good smoke,No complaints here. Good consistent smoke.
Cain Daytona by Oliva,5 out of 5,Cain daytona,Burns well and is a mild
Cain Daytona by Oliva,5 out of 5,Cain Daytona,"One of my favorites, substantial and not heavy, even and consistent. Yet solid flavor and aroma, clean pull and nice smoke. My go to cigar."
Cain Daytona by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great cigars and a good price!,Great cigars and great service from CI. Oliva serie V is one of my favorite cigars so when I saw the deal on the Robusto I had to go for it.
Cain Daytona by Oliva,4 out of 5,Very nice cigar !!! Smooth,Very nice cigar !!! Smooth and rich!!
Cain Daytona by Oliva,4 out of 5,Tom,Smooth at first draw - stays great - slightly harsh close to end
Cain Daytona by Oliva,5 out of 5,Cain Daytona,"Always dependable cigar. Milder than other Cains allowing a smoke down to a stub. I like to smoke these in the late afternoon, mild enough to handle on an empty stomach."
Cain Daytona by Oliva,5 out of 5,Five stars,Easy pull and smooth finish. One of my favorites.
Cain Daytona by Oliva,5 out of 5,Cain daytona,"Always good, smooth, tasty. Right up my alley."
Cain Daytona by Oliva,5 out of 5,I think this Cain Daytona,I think this Cain Daytona is an excellent cigar. The wrapper leaves are some of the finest I've seen and the construction is excellent. Always a very consistent burn with very little touch up needed. Medium to full bodied with a very nice smooth character. One of my favorite smokes and not too expensive
Cain Daytona by Oliva,5 out of 5,"Cain Daytona, yes!","Absolutely one of my favorite smokes. Some of the knock offs or seconds are similar, but not quite there."
Cain Daytona by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great smooth smoke...,"Cain & Olivia, how can you go wrong? I've smoked these Daytona's for a couple of years and don't plan on stopping anytime soon!
Great start, even burn, smooth draw and nice creamy finish..."
Cain Daytona by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great Service And Shipping,I am definitely going to be a repeat customer. Great prices and service.
Cain Daytona by Oliva,5 out of 5,recent purchase,excellent cigar nice and smooth and a nice even burn throughout the smoke !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Cain Daytona by Oliva,5 out of 5,Cain Daytona,For a medium body cigar these really deliver the flavor!
Cain Daytona by Oliva,5 out of 5,Cain Daytona,One of my favorite cigars. Smooth yet very flavorful. Well worth the price.
Cain Daytona by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great Smoke!,"Well-made, smooth, very consistent, has a wonderful Nicaraguan flavor"
Cain Daytona by Oliva,4 out of 5,"Oliva, Always A Winner","I may not be a connoisseur but I damn well know what I like and the Cain line never disappoints—flavor, a quiet strength that relaxes me after a tough day of retirement. A real go-to."
Cain F Nub by Oliva,5 out of 5,Awesome,"I got a few of these in a multi pack a year or so ago, they quickly become my favorite! Nice smooth full bodied!"
Cain F Nub by Oliva,5 out of 5,Consistently satisfying,"I smoke Cain F regularly - I keep buying the Nub sampler pa ks that in clude them. One of my favorite Nubs. Beautiful wrapper leaf and great constructuion - someone else described the appearance as ""seamless"" and that is spot on. This is a,bold smoke but not a strong one - it is smooth throughout the smoke - rich flavors but not at all harsh or overwhelming. This is a consistently satisfying cigar."
Cain F Nub by Oliva,5 out of 5,Empty Ash Tray!,"Smoked the whole thing with ash fully intact. Not much effort either. If that’s not another example of Oliva’s consistency, what else do you need? Also, it’ll knock your socks off."
Cain F Nub by Oliva,5 out of 5,Truly full bodied,Super cigar in the classic tasty Nub tradition.
Cain F Nub by Oliva,5 out of 5,Cain F Nub by Oliva,"Excellent cigar. Smooth, good burn, long ash."
Cain F Nub by Oliva,5 out of 5,Love it,"Huge fan of the nub line, and have always like a complex full bodied cigar. If you like full bodied ligero with rich complex notes packed in a nub sized package you won't be disappointed."
Cain F Nub by Oliva,5 out of 5,Nub Cain F's are awesome,These stogies are a little stronger than I expected. I have smoked a few by now though and am enjoying each one more than the last. This comes as no big surprise to me because I've smokes several Nubs and never had a bad one.
Cain F Nub by Oliva,5 out of 5,very strong cigar,"Good cigar if you like em strong and dark. Smokes about an hour. good construction, and burn."
Cain F Nub by Oliva,5 out of 5,Nub tastic!!,Great Nicaraguan smoke with taste of leather and spices. The smoke is great from start to finish! Big Bang for for the money!! Nub hit a home run with this one.
Cain Nub by Oliva,5 out of 5,Superb Shortie!,"When taking a long walk, reading the paper or magazine or just watching the world go by - this smooth, rich, aromatic stogie is perfect!"
Cain Nub by Oliva,5 out of 5,My Smokes,One of my personal favorites
Cain Nub by Oliva,5 out of 5,Great stick!!,"Damn, what can I say!! This shorty hit the sweet spot. Explosion on the palate at first draw. Great draw not overwhelming good 1/2 hr smoke with a cup of coffee.."
Cain Nub by Oliva,5 out of 5,Very good,Taste good and smooth burns very well too for the price the package the price is very good
Cain Nub by Oliva,5 out of 5,"wow, great highly recommend it","this was the first time I had the cain habano nub it was great,can't wait for the next one awesome Roger G"
Cain Nub by Oliva,5 out of 5,Cain Nubs,"I really love the line of Nubs,The only downfall is you wish they were longer, ss I dont want it to end, I have tryed cheap immatitons but they dont compair, Keep them coming Thanks, MJF"
Cain Nub by Oliva,5 out of 5,Short Cigars,Recently got a free sampler of Nubs with a purchase. The Cain is bold and flavorful for full fans. A true gem!
Cain Nub by Oliva,2 out of 5,Cain Nub,I thought would try this little fatty because I really like the regular Nub Habano 460. Well this was a mistake. Not close to the same cigar. This one is a little to harsh for me. Will not buy again.
Cain Nub by Oliva,5 out of 5,Cain Nub by Oliva 460 Habano,Great cigar full flavor great when you want a quick smoke
Cain Nub by Oliva,4 out of 5,Cain Nub,Surprisingly more flavor than expected and more satisfying for a bolder taste than the regular Nubs. Also a great size for golf !
Cain Nub by Oliva,5 out of 5,They were great smokes,They were great smokes
Cain Nub by Oliva,4 out of 5,Good things in short packages.,"Great flavors build as you go. Perfect draw, bundles of smoke, and nice even burn."
Cain Nub by Oliva,2 out of 5,Not for me,Not for me. Burn was bad and uneven. Won't buy this one again
Cain Nub by Oliva,5 out of 5,"Skeptical at First, then Blown Away.","I was highly skeptical of the ""nub"" thing at first. This cigar has some DELICIOUS and elegant flavors. Sweet caramel, cocoa, and coffee, offset with just the right amount of spice and leather. I was blown away. Box material for sure and has good aging potential."
Caldwell Anastasia H,5 out of 5,Caldwell Anastasia,Just can't beat a Caldwell and the Anastasia H is another example of blended perfection.
Caldwell Anastasia H,5 out of 5,Become a member.,"I just became a monthly sample member so I only got one of these in the sample pack. New to cigars so not much experience but this cigar is awesome. It has a distinct taste I couldn’t figure out, so it made me look it up. True to the description. Thanks for including it in the sampler CI. Become a member and experience different cigars."
Caldwell Anastasia H,5 out of 5,Excelent,"About the best 1 l have smoked
All the way to the stub ++q"
Caldwell Anastasia H,5 out of 5,GREAT STICK,I really like this cigar. Great Burn. Full of flavor. Very consistent.
Caldwell Anastasia H,5 out of 5,Hidden Gem,This is a great cigar. I consider it the best Caldwell has to offer.
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,5 out of 5,Caldwell doesn’t disappoint I like,Caldwell doesn’t disappoint I like this cigar after a meal
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,5 out of 5,"Rich, rich flavor","Rich, rich flavor"
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,5 out of 5,These are always a favorite.,These are on my repeat purchase list.
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,5 out of 5,Hidden Treasure,Found Caldwell within last year and place them up there withDrew Estates.
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,4 out of 5,Visitor’s Cigar,"I got these in cigar fest. Very smooth, same flavor throughout, I would say it’s a beginner cigar. If you’re looking for different flavors along the way, if you want enjoy more in the middle and thickness of the smoke, that’s not for you. Good for the price that you pay and well worth the value of the cigar."
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,4 out of 5,Very nice,"What a nice smooth cigar. Burns well and even. Nice draw,not too loose or too tight. Ordered 2 boxes"
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,5 out of 5,"Never heard of it, so I tried it.","Smooth, easy draw. Nice, slight hints of spice. Nothing too crazy, but there. Worth giving a try."
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,4 out of 5,Cigar Lover,Received one of these at cigar fest and enjoyed very much so I bought a box. I find this cigar very flavorful and a pleasure to smoke.
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,5 out of 5,Blind Man's Bluff,"This is my favorite non-cuban cigar. Very complex in flavor. Sweet, mild and almost creamy at times."
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,5 out of 5,Just a consistent draw and great flavor,"Very Consistent draw, tastes good to the end. Burns evenly"
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,5 out of 5,Great smoke !,"This cigar is a medium to full bodied and has flavors of coco and is not to spicy,
A great smoke when you just want to relax."
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,5 out of 5,My new favorite!,"Wow! Great cigar. Tried one of these in a CO sampler and fell in love with it. Excellent construction. Very thick, creamy smoke. Notes of creamy coffee, cocoa and caramel, yes caramel after the halfway mark My new favorite stick. You don't even have to retrohale to taste it. Retrohale it to get all the delicious flavors."
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Great smoke. My go to all the time. Def buying again.
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,4 out of 5,Great smoke,Smooth and great body.
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,5 out of 5,One of my favorites,One of my favorites
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,5 out of 5,smokin good,The per-light so nice. Floral old world notes. The draw was effortless beautiful. And the leather and some chocolate and spicy hit the my pallet in waves for smokey delight. A very nice involving cigar. Construction was excellent :-)
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,5 out of 5,Blind Man's Bluff,Great smoke at an awesome price.
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,5 out of 5,Great stick!,"Great taste, even burn and overall fantastic cigar for the price. would definitely recommend it to anyone !"
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,3 out of 5,Just Ok!,"Not what I was expecting from this cigar, very bland no transitions, not worth all the hype it was built up to be in my opinion!"
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,5 out of 5,Caldwell continues to impress!,This is a very enjoyable cigar. Caldwell continues to impress. They are making waves and deservingly so!
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,5 out of 5,Excellent,Nice draw burns great taste awesome!
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,5 out of 5,Consistent to the end,The reason I reordered this cigar is that it stays with you to the end no harshness towards the end like other I have had Nice draw
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,3 out of 5,I'm not impressed.,"Nice construction, beautiful cigar, even burn, but I was not impressed. I've tasted much better cigars from Caldwell, Co. This one left me scratching my head. It was just a flat smoke and very one dimensional. There were no transitions in flavors, which I'm use to receiving from this company. I'll let the others sit for a couple of months in my humidor and see what develops, but I don't think there's much to work with flavors wise for a better profile later."
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,4 out of 5,Caldwell Blind Man’s Bluff,"Great Smoke! Subtle flavor that sneaks up on you. Might be hard for a newer smoker to appreciate the subtle flavors, but a seasoned puffer will really enjoy it."
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,5 out of 5,Blind mans bluff,Always a great cigar
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,5 out of 5,a great smoke,One of the best non-rated cigars I've smoked lately.
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,3 out of 5,Uninspiring and lifeless,"I wanted to love this cigar, I really did. I had heard so many good things. Ultimately, it wasn't a bad cigar by any means. The cigar is was medium bodied, but flat and lifeless. I was hoping for some flavor profile to emerge, but it never did. Just an average cigar that left me unimpressed."
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"It was a smooth, satisfying smoke."
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,5 out of 5,Very good smoke well balanced,Very good smoke well balanced
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff,5 out of 5,Blind Man's Gold,"This is a very unique cigar. Very enjoyable! Excellent construction, as well as flawless draw. You get a salted Carmel, spice, cedar, and pretzel flavors on the palette. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a great botique cigar."
Caldwell Blind Man's Bluff Connecticut,4 out of 5,A good find,"Bought this at a local cigar shop, knowing nothing about it. I was pleasantly surprised. Smokes smooth and evenly with good flavor. Will definitely order some of these for my ongoing enjoyment"
Caldwell Collection - E.S. Midnight Express,5 out of 5,Great stick,"I have never had this sick before, but I am very satisfied with the notes in this stick"
Caldwell Collection - E.S. Midnight Express,5 out of 5,Really nice! 92-94 rated by me,"Liked them so much I picked up 5 boxes on a sale. Just had one this evening, and enjoyed it more than the last... These things age well. The 7 months I already have on some makes a noticeable difference, I look forward to seeing how they burn in another 2 years! Caldwell makes several multi-box-purchase worthy sticks. The last czar being another one of my Caldwell favs. The corona is the perfect size for this one in my opinion. I usually like a bigger ring gauge, but the 46 suits it well."
Caldwell Collection - E.S. Midnight Express,3 out of 5,Cigars came and they were,Cigars came and they were a little dry
Caldwell Collection - E.S. Midnight Express,5 out of 5,Get em by the box.,"Excellent stick. Good draw and consistency. Mild on the palette yet plenty of kick. Gets really good as the ash gets longer. This, for me, is a finger burner! 80 minutes on a Corona...Yeah."
Caldwell Collection - E.S. Midnight Express,5 out of 5,Choo Choo,"Can't go wrong with Caldwell Collection. Always been a fan of the Long Live the King, Eastern Standard, Blind Man's Bluff and now the Midnight Express has catapulted to the top of that list. Easily one of my favorite sticks!"
Caldwell Collection - E.S. Midnight Express,5 out of 5,Top 5,Caldwell has always provided great sticks with long ash and heavy smoke. The Midnight Express has been added to my Top 5 rotation. Ordered 5 sticks and shared them and wish I hadn't! I will definitely order more...full box next order.
Caldwell Collection - Eastern Standard,4 out of 5,the first 2/3's tho!!,"These smokes are super underrated. might have the best first 2/3s in the game, the only problem I could think of is the last third..for some reason everything that is great about this cigar leaves at that point...IDK. but overall still amazing sticks one of my all-time favs"
Caldwell Collection - Eastern Standard,5 out of 5,Best ever,Best ever
Caldwell Collection - Eastern Standard,5 out of 5,Not your daddy's Connecticut,Great stick perfect construction and draw. One of my favorites
Caldwell Collection - Eastern Standard,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Love this cigar when it comes on the deal of the day
Caldwell Collection - Eastern Standard,5 out of 5,Caldwell eastern std,"Smooth, great taste, accurate med strength, great construction. Its in my all-time top 10."
Caldwell Collection - Eastern Standard,4 out of 5,Caldwell eastern standard,Good smoke. Not too long not too short just right
Caldwell Collection - Eastern Standard,5 out of 5,Great Robusto...,This is one of the best medium body Robustos on the market!! Very balanced with just enough complexity of flavor!! Has become one of my favorite smokes...can’t go wrong with this smoke.
Caldwell Collection - Eastern Standard,5 out of 5,Great Smoke!,Really enjoy this Caldwell cigar! Excellent construction and burn.
Caldwell Collection - Eastern Standard,5 out of 5,Caldwell Eastern Standard,"Showed up right on time, as usual. Great smoke. Mild to medium. Notes of cream and citrus. New favorite morning smoke with coffee."
Caldwell Collection - Eastern Standard,5 out of 5,great,love this cigar A+
Caldwell Collection - Eastern Standard,5 out of 5,Very good truly med smoke.,Very good truly med smoke.
Caldwell Collection - Eastern Standard,5 out of 5,Super Cigar,"I enjoy a number of the Caldwell smokes and this one is very smooth and fairly mild. I don't recommend it when you want a richer experience, but I really like this in warmer weather and definitely on a golf course."
Caldwell Collection - Eastern Standard,4 out of 5,As Expected!,"Good draw, fairly mild smoke. Caldwell makes a great cigar. Not right for those who want a full bodied smoke, but great for a nice experience."
Caldwell Collection - Eastern Standard,5 out of 5,caldwell,Great cigar
Caldwell Collection - Eastern Standard,5 out of 5,These are great cigars!,These cigars are rolled perfectly and the blend of various tobacco make for a very tasty cigar!! Highly recommended!!!!
Caldwell Collection - Long Live The King,5 out of 5,Very nice Cigar,Slow burning cigar with a very refreshing taste.
Caldwell Collection - Long Live The King,5 out of 5,Beyond Good.,Outstanding. Top 10! Need to order a box.
Caldwell Collection - Long Live The King,5 out of 5,Long Live The King-Excellent,Great smoke and perfect burn. I’m a Caldwell fan but I’m really liking this stick which is right up there in the top 3 of the many blends. Spicy which gives it the bite I’m into along with a bunch of flavors that are hard to pin down. I like when my cigar goes through several flavor changes. Medium to full with a razor sharp white ash makes it hard to not chain smoke these babies. Well worth the list price but the diligent eye can ferret out a deal maybe 30% or more lower.
Caldwell Collection - Long Live The King,5 out of 5,Long live the King,Love them!!!
Caldwell Collection - Long Live The King,5 out of 5,Big dog,Thisvis a wonderful smoke that i acquired during the make your own best offer. Delivered in fine fashion as always. Smooth to the finish...buy them by the box
Caldwell Collection - Long Live The King,4 out of 5,Short Churchill called well Long live the king,From the 1st Draw to last very good smoke Even burn throughout Smoked at while playing golf wonderful recommended
Caldwell Collection - Long Live The King,5 out of 5,Why did I wait so long!!!!!,"I'm a medium to full bodied smoker and I have enjoyed some of Caldwell's other medium bodied offerings. I figured this would be a good smoke but wasn't expecting a new top 5 favorite. This cigar is outstanding all the way around tons of flavor with the right amount of oomph. Again why did I wait so damn long to try this.
Get you some."
Caldwell Collection - Long Live The King,5 out of 5,This is my go to cigar,"I am a big fan of Robert Caldwell cigars, this would be one of my favorites. Mild to medium cigars with great flavors of earth, white pepper and black pepper on the finish. Love this cigar."
Caldwell Collection - Long Live The King,5 out of 5,Long Live The King,Awesome stick!!! Never disappoints!!!
Caldwell Collection - Long Live The King,5 out of 5,Fabulous,Worth every pennys
Caldwell Collection - Long Live The King,5 out of 5,one of the best,this is one best cigars on the the market fans of reminds me of opus x and other full bodied cigars a must try
Caldwell Collection - Long Live The King,5 out of 5,Great smoke smoked 5 so,Great smoke smoked 5 so far all perfectly balanced and great draw
Caldwell Collection - Long Live The King,5 out of 5,worth the money,i've smoked over 600 cigars so far this year and this is by far one of the best ones. only found this cigar due to Cigar of the month club I will now buy this as well as the midnight express
Caldwell Collection - Long Live The King,5 out of 5,Mild to medium no pepper great stick,"Great cigar, nowhere near full strength. This is a mild to medium."
Caldwell Collection - Long Live The King,5 out of 5,Amazing,Amazing cigar. Explosion of flavors and very smooth burning smoke.
Caldwell Collection - Long Live The King,5 out of 5,Nothing beats a Caldwell,"Without a doubt one of the best cigars you can buy period. Worth every penny, well crafted, smooth, amazing quality."
Caldwell Collection - Long Live The King,4 out of 5,All Hail to Da' King!,"When it comes to Dominican Puros, I'm on the fence. But ""Long Live the King"" is just that. I gave it a try b/c I enjoy Corojo Tabacco. Smooth but full-bodied with Full flavor. This a great cigar. Very much worth the price point. I keep em' in the humidor. It's become a go to. The wrapper is oily, so I recommend sitting it out the morning if you plan to smoke in the evening."
Caldwell Collection - Long Live The King,5 out of 5,Long live the king,Excellent smoke! A must try!! Shipped quickly in good condition
Caldwell Collection - Long Live The King,5 out of 5,Out of the park,Caldwell right now is putting out amazing gars. The long live the king is a knockout.
Caldwell Collection - The King Is Dead,4 out of 5,Caldwell well called👍,Slow burner.
Caldwell Hit and Run Part Deux (Rip and Dip),5 out of 5,Fantastic,"This is a fantastic Cigar. Great smoke through and through. I tend to find that whenever I smoke new cigars I rarely find them to be as satisfying as this one turned out to be. This has quickly become one of my favorite smokes.
Definitely going to check out more by Caldwell ..."
Caldwell Long Live the King Mad MF,5 out of 5,CALDWELL LLTK M MF,THIS IS DEFINITELY A GREAT CIGAR WORTH MENTIONING!!HAD LET IT SIT IN THE HUMIDOR FOR AROUND A MONTH AND WOW SIMPLY A GREAT CIGAR!! WILL DEFINITELY PURCHASE AGAIN !!! EVEN BETTER WITH A GREAT SINGLE MALT !!
Caldwell Long Live the King Mad MF,5 out of 5,Best cigar,It’s the best cigar I had I love them you will be very happy with this cigar
Caldwell Long Live the King Mad MF,5 out of 5,Another winner!,"I'm a huge fan of just about everything Caldwell makes...but this smoke is something extra special...every bit as strong as the original LLTK line, but just a bit ""rounder"" with tons on chocolate, spice, and an extra pleasant leathery component that intensifies the entire length of the cigar..."
Caldwell Long Live the King Mad MF,5 out of 5,Amazing,This is another amazing cigar from Caldwell.
Caldwell Long Live the King Mad MF,5 out of 5,Top 5,This Stick is definitely in my Top 5 along with the 1st LLTK. I really enjoyed this flavor pack stick from beginning to end. Caldwell did it again!
Caldwell Lost & Found One Night Stand,5 out of 5,Great smoke!!,Great smoke!!
Caldwell Savages,5 out of 5,Very Enjoyable Smoke,"Very nice cigar, with a fruity/ nutty tastes. Some pepper flavors did appear, but didn't overwhelm the taste. Construction was excellent, though I would have proffered a slightly looser draw. First 2/3rds were perfect with natural progression in strength happening in the final third. I gave it a final rating off a 93. I would suggest this stick to those who enjoy mediums to medium-fulls. Smoking time: 1 hour 10 minutes for the Corona Extra."
Caldwell The Last Tsar,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,Very well balanced and enjoyable! Would certainly order again!
Caldwell The Last Tsar,5 out of 5,This was a very enjoyable cigar!,"I am a Liga Privada guy. I smoke the 9 and the T52 on a regular basis but I was given this cigar by my golf partner. I never heard of Caldwell, but I can tell you that this cigar rocked. I really like the Last Tsar. It is a very smooth cigar, mild to full but it was an awesome smoke. Although my order record shows that I ordered a Churchill, I am sure it was a Belicoso, because it was very short about 5.5 inches. Regardless, it was a great smoke, I will order the Churchill the next time, because this cigar burned pretty quickly, about an hour. I was done with it by the 6th hole, but......It was very enjoyable and I will order again. If you want to take it on the golf course, I would suggest you order the Churchill, it will at least get you to the back 9 and beyond. You learn something new every day, especially the fact that Caldwell makes a dam good cigar.......Very impressed!"
Caldwell The Last Tsar,5 out of 5,YUP,Unbelievable smoke
Caldwell The T,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,My favorite cigar to date. Lots of flavor
Caldwell The T,5 out of 5,Great stick....highly recommend.,Well constructed and smooth draw from start to finish. I would say it falls on the medium side for strength. Shared a box it with a large group of cigar smokers and everyone had nothing but good things to say about the stick. Good collabo stick.
Caldwell The T Connecticut,4 out of 5,T is for Try it..,"Smooth connie.. definitely a more relaxed departure from the Original T.
Smooth, Woodsy, faintly sweet cream, with a touch of Hay throughout.
Blue and white smoke
Burn is good
Mild to lower spectrum of Medium
Connie fans may love this one—
Its a great 5 packer all day!!"
Caldwell The T Habano,5 out of 5,One for the humidor rotation,"Had one. It was super. Plenty of flavor, spice coffee and a little black pepper. burn tome was an hour & twenty minutes
I’m buying a box. Try a stick!"
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,First time smoking a Camacho,Great smoke. easy smooth draw. Looks darker thank it tastes. Very Medium
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Smooth smoke with hints of pepper and spice. I like that you get notes of the bourbon but it doesn't over power the rest of the flavors like other infused cigars do. Always keep these in stock.
Camacho American Barrel Aged,4 out of 5,Rich and full of flavor,Rich and full of flavor
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,Awesome sticks,Product arrived a day ahead of schedule. I already loved the undercrown and the American barrel aged so i found this deal and im happy with it.
Camacho American Barrel Aged,4 out of 5,Great for the price!!!,one of my favorite cheaper go to cigars
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,Best so far,The best I’ve gotten so far from CI. Aging in a bourbon barrel really gives a unique and pleasant flavor. I will next get Padron to compare
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,A great full-bodied cigar,"I like most Camacho cigars,but the Barrel Aged are my favorite. Well constructed with a good burn and full of flavor. They definately fit the bill as a no-nonsense full-bodied cigar, one that doesn't disappoint."
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,Love the American Barell Aged,Perfect cigar for pairing with a good Kentucky Bourbon. Enjoy outside on a crisp fall evening.
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,The bees knees,Good stuff
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,Good smoke!,"Great stick! Medium flavor. Even burn.
Only had to light once."
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Great smoke. Tasteful and even burn.
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent cigar. It has a good even burn !!!
Camacho American Barrel Aged,4 out of 5,Camacho,Pleasantly surprised! Nice and fresh with easy draw and a boatload of flavor. Great all around smoke. Gimme some more!
Camacho American Barrel Aged,4 out of 5,Great cigar!,It's a Camacho!
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"Very smooth full stogie, but as all very good cigars...…..out of my price range"
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,One of my husband's top 5 cigars,"And his only ""flavored"" cigar that makes it in the top 40"
Camacho American Barrel Aged,4 out of 5,Camacho,"Started a little harsh, but then blended into a good medium flavor"
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,Camacho American barrel aged,One of my favorite sticks absolutely love the flavor they never disappoint
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,Pleasantly surprised with the taste and burn...,"Nice quality smoke with a smooth, aromatic taste and consistent, slow burn. I highly recommend this cigar..."
Camacho American Barrel Aged,4 out of 5,Camacho barrel aged.,"Very smooth and tasty, cigars draws great. Perfect size too!"
Camacho American Barrel Aged,4 out of 5,Delicious,Smooth draw with all the right flavors
Camacho American Barrel Aged,4 out of 5,good cigar,good cigar
Camacho American Barrel Aged,4 out of 5,Good cigar . A little,Good cigar . A little bit strong
Camacho American Barrel Aged,3 out of 5,dlrbill,"not a bad smoke, but hard on the draw"
Camacho American Barrel Aged,3 out of 5,Just ok. Funky flavor. May,Just ok. Funky flavor. May let the remaining ones age a bit to see how they turn out.
Camacho American Barrel Aged,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Camacho American Barrel Aged,4 out of 5,"Nice draw, good burn, strong","Nice draw, good burn, strong flavor"
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,Best freebie ever!,"Was an add on with a sampler purchase. Great surprise!! Good flavor, mild, and went perfectly with an aged bourbon on th e back porch!!"
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,Camacho American Barrel Aged Robusto,I found this to be a very good smoke.
Camacho American Barrel Aged,4 out of 5,camacho,good smoke
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,Ive bought from you guys,Ive bought from you guys a few times now and im never disappointed. You guys are the best!
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,American ages,Smooth smoke and has me ready to try other Comacho brands.
Camacho American Barrel Aged,2 out of 5,Camacho Barrel Aged,"I was very disappointed with this cigar. I'm not a guy who notices ""woodsy"" or ""cedar"" or ""coffee"" notes. I smoke a cigar and it's either - to me - good or it's not good. This one is not."
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,Camacho American barrel,The best cigar out there I think. I would like to see the price come down a little bit
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,Pairs nicely with a bourbon,Smooth well made cigar that is perfect with a nice bourbon.
Camacho American Barrel Aged,4 out of 5,Flavorful,Good/easy/loose draw. Very smooth/aged/flavorful. They are bold from the get-go and become stronger as you smoke them down so sometimes I put them out with a couple of inches left. Maybe I'm a lightweight.
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,Awesome,"Very good, dark, rich and smooth."
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,Excellent,Great cigar super service. ThNks
Camacho American Barrel Aged,2 out of 5,Decent every day cigar. But,Decent every day cigar. But didn’t peak my interest. I’d go elsewhere
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,Camacho Corrojo great cigar,Great smoke was very satisfying good thick smoke and even burn. A darn well made cigar from inside out.
Camacho American Barrel Aged,4 out of 5,Tasty smoke,"I got this cigar in a sampler pack and was really looking forward to trying it. I generally enjoy robust, full-bodied smokes and this did not disappoint. The burn was even with a nice light ash and a decent amount of smoke. Only trouble was the pack was a little tight so the draw was not perfect. I am hopeful that was the failing of the one I smoked and will not be the norm with the other 4 I have. Looking forward to trying another."
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,Camacho,Sorry to say the wrapper is on the dry side. But I like the taste.
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,Great buy.,These cigars are one of the most flavorful and smooth smokes available.
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,"Nice cigar. Smooth draw and as you smoke you can pick up hints of the Bourbon and oak. Some pepper notes as well. Sit sown and enjoy this one with a nice glass of Bourbon, preferably a Bourbon that is on the sweet side."
Camacho American Barrel Aged,3 out of 5,Disappointed,Was expecting some bourdon flavors but not even a hint. Good cigar but not worth the up charge for the bourbon aging.
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,A very solid cigar!,I found the Camacho to be a first rate cigar. It was exceeding well made and really packed a punch. I’ll buy this one again.
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,Great,"Very good burn, great flavor and strength"
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,A barrel full of flavor,"Can't go wrong with this gem. Full bodied masterpiece from Camacho. Not for everyone, this cigar is only for those who can appreciate a fine smoke sitting back with a great Bourbon in one hand and this beauty in the other."
Camacho American Barrel Aged,5 out of 5,Camacho aged,Cigars was awesome - everything I expected from a Camacho cigar.
Camacho BG Meyer Standard Issue,4 out of 5,Give it a whack!,This cigar is great if your low on time and want to experience a lot of flavor with mellow nicotine. I would honestly recommend this for a newbie. Or a great quick stick! Salud my friends
Camacho BG Meyer Standard Issue,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"Great smoke, hate to have it end...."
Camacho BG Meyer Standard Issue,5 out of 5,My new favorite,My new favorite
Camacho BG Meyer Standard Issue,5 out of 5,Camacho’ Shorties,Great smoke when you don’t have time for a full cigar!
Camacho BG Meyer Standard Issue,5 out of 5,Camacho Tins,Excellent value from a great company! Good tasting cigar that lasts surprisingly long for its size.
Camacho BG Meyer Standard Issue,4 out of 5,nice,nice
Camacho BG Meyer Standard Issue,4 out of 5,Tasty Slackers,"I love these little suckers, great size for a quick smoke while BBQ'g or working outside.
I feel like they lean more towards Med-Mild, but are a tasty little treat!"
Camacho BG Meyer Standard Issue,5 out of 5,New favorite for a quick smoke,Really a good smoke. Burn time is about 30-45 minutes and smooth. Plenty of smoke. I will get more .
Camacho BG Meyer Standard Issue,5 out of 5,"Camacho Slackers,","Wow, what a great smoke for those times when you can't enjoy a full size cigar! Smooth and tasty right till the end."
Camacho BG Meyer Standard Issue,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Camacho BG Meyer Standard Issue,3 out of 5,Slackers,Smoked just one so far out of the tin a bit dry getting them on sale. Has about 1/2 of the Camacho flavor from my experience. Still a good short smoke that should get better with time in the humidor.
Camacho BG Meyer Standard Issue,4 out of 5,Nice,These are a great little smoke for a quick BBQ or to step outside to get away for a second. Smooth with enough taste to make them worth it
Camacho BG Meyer Standard Issue,4 out of 5,"Pretty good, good burn, fair","Pretty good, good burn, fair flavor"
Camacho BG Meyer Standard Issue,5 out of 5,Cigar Review BG Meyers,"I enjoyed these tasty little cigars, they are a mild smoke, well constructed and have a consistent burn. For a short, quick smoke I would recommend them for anyone looking to enjoy a small yet satisfying cigar. And the tins they come in make them convenient for travel."
Camacho BG Meyer Standard Issue,5 out of 5,camacho,nice 30 min smoke at a good price
Camacho BG Meyer Standard Issue,4 out of 5,Nice Break,Nice short cigar for a break.
Camacho BG Meyer Standard Issue,5 out of 5,A Very special time for yourself,This was a good experience. It has a lot of enjoyable flavors very complex. Nice for a quick moment any time of the day.
Camacho BG Meyer Standard Issue,5 out of 5,short smoke,This is going to be my short smoke cigar. I love these.
Camacho BG Meyer Standard Issue,5 out of 5,Slackers,"Great little smoke. Smooth,mild and flavorful. Especially when you don't have a lot of time but REALLY need a cigar."
Camacho BG Meyer Standard Issue,3 out of 5,Not bad for a quick,Not bad for a quick smoke. But not too much flavor.
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,Tasty,One of the best connecticut cigars on the market!
Camacho Connecticut,4 out of 5,Cap crumble d while smoking.,Cap crumble d while smoking. Great flavor.
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,My Favorite Cigar,"Good smoke, always something to go back to."
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke from a class,Excellent smoke from a class company
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"Absolutely hands down my favorite smoke. Great draw , full of flavor and a great aroma all around. I recommend these to everyone."
Camacho Connecticut,3 out of 5,Good smokes.,Good smokes.
Camacho Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,Yummy and excellent.,My wife order Camacho for me as a Father's Day gift. It is Good cigar by all means. As My wife is excellent and her choose was excellent. We doggie Camacho. Don't be deceived by the look.
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,How good? Almost too good to share.,Nice smoke from start to finish. You hate for it to end.
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,Tasty mild smoke.,Very good mild cigar.
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,Well-Crafted,"This cigar is made with perfection. The draw is excellent, with an even burn. The flavor is as described, having notes of wood and citrus. It’s a nice change of pace and smooth to the end. I would buy again for sure."
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,Love at first smoke,Wow!! Love at first smoke. First one I tried paired real well with a Miller lite. Very pleasant mild flavors with a loose draw & crisp burn. Instantly became one of my top 5.
Camacho Connecticut,3 out of 5,You don’t know unless you try.,I was kind of disappointed with these cigars. I was expecting more with the ratings and comments on these sticks. The burn was not even the draw was marginal and kind of had a bad aftertaste. Maybe I just got a batch made on a Friday...
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,"Awesome cigar, price and service!",Super pleased with my recent purchase from you guys. Shipped fast and arrived in perfect condition! I won’t shop anywhere else.
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,"Great fast service, top quality!","Great fast service, top quality! Thank you!"
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,5 Stars,I've been buying from you for a while and have been extremely pleased. Keep up the excellent work!
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,look no further!,You’ve found it! The perfect medium strength cigar. Marry it with two fingers of a single malt scotch for an unforgettable experience!
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,Excellent Smoke,"A Connecticut wrapper a bit stronger than other brands, but very flavorful. I really enjoy these."
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great Cigar!,Excellent smoke - Mild to medium with enough flavor without the hard bite!
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,My favorite cigar,Excellent cigar. Smooth and creamy with an easy draw. Very well made. Highly recommend.
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,"Great smoke, smooth and a","Great smoke, smooth and a fantastic taste."
Camacho Connecticut,4 out of 5,Very nice indeed,Very nice indeed
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,"great flavor, better than average","great flavor, better than average draw"
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,Good service with very good,Good service with very good customer service. Only thing that could be better is bring back free delivery for your better customers
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,A fine smoke,A fine smoke
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,Best cigars ever,"Very good cigar, smooth, not too strong, easy relaxing enjoyable smoke."
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great Deal,This was one of the best deals I’ve bought. Hope they do it again!
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,camacho,yummy
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,Just what you expect from,Just what you expect from Camacho.
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,Camacho,"Great little cigars for walking around town or walking the dog, awesome Cigar . I love this brand ."
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great Cigar! I need another,Great Cigar! I need another box!
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,Top 3 favorite,Smoothest smoke ever had. Definitely in my top three favorite list
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great smoke that is well,Great smoke that is well made.
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,Nice smooth with a twang,Nice smooth with a twang
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,Awesome cigar,Awesome cigar
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,Good smoke,"Like anything you’re smoking, if it’s fresh, it’ll be fantastic. Mine were fresh, and came with a humidity pack. Awesome. It’s a lighter, smooth, relaxing smoke. Not harsh at all, well wrapped, it isn’t falling apart on me. Couldn’t ask for much more, I’ve bought these multiple times."
Camacho Connecticut,4 out of 5,Infamous since 1962,Very good cigar. Construction was firm but the draw was excellent for me. Great everyday cigar or sitting in the mountain with a nice glass of bourbon. Its the best Comacho I've had since the 11/18 I smoked 10 years ago.
Camacho Connecticut,3 out of 5,Medium body average taste,Medium body average taste
Camacho Connecticut,4 out of 5,Nice smoke!,"Smoked the robusto. Usually not a fan of Connecticut Shade wrapper but this cigar was actually quite nice. Bright and aromatic. Starts out like a typical CT cigar with grassy notes, but to this cigar's credit it really kept me engaged. If you are in the mood for a CT I would recommend the Camacho CT."
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,CAMACHO CT,Great cigar. Great taste. Great draw right to the end. Does not bite right down to the nub.
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,I thought I ordered with,"I thought I ordered with yellow label, I enjoy that more, than connettic"
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,One of my favorites.,Great anytime stick.
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,A go to cigar,"Terrific smoke. Smooth draw, easy on the palette."
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,My go-to every day smoke.,"I love these medium strength connecticuts. They have notes of sweetness, cedar and mild spice. Nice draw and construction for the price."
Camacho Connecticut,3 out of 5,To fast burn,Burned to fast. To loosely wrapped. Taste was ok. Not even close to Cohiba
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,A Humidor Staple,"Tasty and smooth, mild with a nice even burn."
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,These are excellent cigars. They have a mild flavor and a very easy draw. One of my favorites.
Camacho Connecticut,5 out of 5,Love it,Very happy with the taste and burn
Camacho Connecticut BXP,5 out of 5,"Strong, smooth and consistent","Strong, smooth and consistent"
Camacho Connecticut BXP,5 out of 5,Love the cigar,Love the cigar
Camacho Connecticut BXP,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,Excellent smoke
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,Delicious Camacho,A very nice medium bodied cigar! Camacho never disappoints
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,Great,Very good cigar-excellent
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,"Awesome smoke, fast shipping","Awesome smoke, fast shipping"
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,Great smokes at reasonable prices.,Great smokes at reasonable prices.
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,JUST RIGHT,"this is the goldy locks of cigars, not to harsh but no to soft....... just right...!!!!!"
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,Great deal Well constructed cigar,"Great deal
Well constructed cigar full of flavor.
Wating for the next special will definitely buy again"
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,one of my favorite smokes.,one of my favorite smokes.
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,Great Cigars,Nice rich flavor
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,Nice vacation cigars,I alway buy these for vacation when I know there won’t be too many places to smoke. The flavor is good and full. It’s a fairly quick smoke and it doesn’t billow in smoke when you sneak a smoke on the balcony of a cruise ship.
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,Camacho Corojo,"Very smooth smoke medium bodied, great draw, starts a bit slow with some distinct flavors and really picks up a quarter way in. A pleasure from beginning to end. Has become one of my two favorites."
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Camacho Corojo,4 out of 5,Camacho corojo.,Good stogie burns and draws great.
Camacho Corojo,1 out of 5,Not a Fan.,"Agree with Reed K.
Usually, when I post a review here, it's to reward a cigar I really like. Not this time.
Though I prefer fullish, cigars, this one leaves me with sensation that I just swallowed a charcoal briquette. Harsh, nasty finish.
About half the Corojos I've tried didn't burn so well, either.
Best thing about it is that since it's so loosely constructed, it burns down quickly. One of those rare cigars that I toss and say ""that's enough of that one"".
FWIW, my comments here do not reflect on other Camacho offerings, some of which are pretty darned good."
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,Camacho Robusto,Excellent taste. Roll and burn quality was smooth and uninhibited. I have smoked five from one box and find the quality is consistent. A great box purchase.
Camacho Corojo,4 out of 5,Corjo,"Very nice spicy flavor.second time I have bought these cigars, will buy again."
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,"Great smoke, full body, not my first time puffing on these Great smokes"
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,Good Cigar,"Good smell, taste. only down fall it does not stay lit"
Camacho Corojo,2 out of 5,Going downhill faster than Bode Miller.,"Ever since they changed the band, these have been getting worse and worse. In the past couple years. I've probably had 15 of them from 10 different samplers and a dedicated 5 pack. All at different times. They all have been a big time disappointment. I really like most of the other labels that Camacho has, which seems to be the weird thing. Minimal flavor and the always seem to canoe. It seems to be just me because they get a lot of a good reviews."
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,winderfully mild smoke. Pleasant in,winderfully mild smoke. Pleasant in every way.
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Great cigar. Great price. One of my new everyday cigars.
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,great smoke,Really a good smooth cigar. To bad their to expensive. Not in my small budget to buy them but if you can buy them.
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,Excellent! Loved it!,Excellent! Loved it!
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,Camacho Corojo Robusto,"I really enjoy these little sticks. They're well made, easy on the draw, very pleasant and satisfying."
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar. My favorite,Excellent cigar. My favorite
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,Nice Smoke,"Good volume with each draw, worth price paid"
Camacho Corojo,4 out of 5,Smooth,Nice smooth pull!!! What I expected from a Camacho.
Camacho Corojo,3 out of 5,Camacho Machitos-Corojo,"Good smoke, however about half way through they burn a little hot."
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,Camacho cigars,"camacho produces a very good cigar and the corojo was very satisfying, the experience was very enjoyable"
Camacho Corojo,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Good / better than a lot of others at the same price point / not my favorite
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,Good smoke. Smooth burn,Good smoke. Smooth burn
Camacho Corojo,4 out of 5,Good little cigar to fall back on when in need,Decent little strong cigar. Not bad at all and decent price. Probably worth keeping around in the humidor for the occasional smoke.
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,My favorite stick.,Always a smooth draw. Well constructed. Smooth from start to finish.
Camacho Corojo,4 out of 5,This cigar suits me. Good,"This cigar suits me. Good draw, great taste,burned evenly."
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,Outstanding,Fantastic cigar. Full bodied powerhouse. Always enjoyable.
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,Exactly what I was looking for,Its a smooth consistent smoke. Exactly what I am looking for in a good Cigar. Another one added to my revolving list of everyday smokes
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"I've always liked Camacho, especially the Corojo. It has such a complete and satisfying flavor. It's rich and deep without being too dark and overpowering. One of my absolute favorites."
Camacho Corojo,2 out of 5,Not a fan,"I absolutely love the American Barrel Aged and the Triple Maduro, but the Corojo was just not to my liking. It's not a terrible stick, just not my thing. Ash would get no longer than 1/4"" before flowering. The smoke was almost acrid at times. No variations in flavor profile, just searing acidity throughout. I wouldn't turn one down if offered to me, but I won't be purchasing this stick again. What's crazy, is I used to LOVE the old Corojo Monarca."
Camacho Corojo,1 out of 5,Like licking a dirty leather couch!,"Might have been a bad batch, but a bad pull, uneven burn and tasted like a dirty leather couch. Eeek stay away!"
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,Great transaction,"As always a great purchase. Easy, good price and fast shipping"
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,You wont be dissapointed.,Just a fantastic smoke construction is excellent burns perfect to me tastes great these are always in my humidor.
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,Camacho Corojo Toro,This has to be one of my top 3 cigars. The Corojo is light enough that it does not over power and strong enough to allow consistent great flavor in every puff. I would recommend this to cigar smokers that have been smoking for awhile if they would wish to experience a new taste.
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,great experience,at first was very skeptical about trying this cigar but was blown out of the water. The spicy flavor really adds to the flavor and make an already good cigar much more pleasurable looking forward to smoking the rest.
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,wow,first time im trying these and wow!!! I have a new favorite cigar
Camacho Corojo,3 out of 5,"Uneven burn, good flavors","Great flavor, but the uneven burn was distracting. I would smoke it again, but I wouldn't go out of my way to find one either."
Camacho Corojo,5 out of 5,Great every day smoke.,Consistent construction and flavors. Awesome.
Camacho Corojo BXP,5 out of 5,Camacho Corojo BXP,"Best cigar for the price. Flavor and construction are consistant. No suprises, no plugged cigars, even burn."
Camacho Coyolar,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,Excellent smoke
Camacho Coyolar,5 out of 5,Amazing cigar.,"I bought a 5 pack, and fell in love. I had to buy a box. I'm not an aficionado, but to me it had dark flavors, little to no pepper, perfect burn, and awesome smoke output. The box was packed decently. Didnt have any damages. To cigar box itself was immaculate. I'll be keeping it for sure. Try this smoke!"
Camacho Coyolar,5 out of 5,Coyolar Review,Great smoke. Delivery was quick and efficient.
Camacho Coyolar,5 out of 5,Coyolar is back,Coyolar was one of Camacho's best cigars. The new version maintains the quality and strength of the previous ones. It's good that they brought it back
Camacho Coyolar,5 out of 5,Very strong,Loved it!!
Camacho Coyolar,1 out of 5,Not a very good cigar,The cigar was very bitter and to earthy for my taste. The cigar was well constructed as all Camacho cigars are.
Camacho Coyolar,5 out of 5,Good,Good
Camacho Criollo,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,Great cigar!
Camacho Criollo,4 out of 5,Criollo? SI!!!,"A wonderfully flavored cigar, more hospitable than other Camachos. Every time I've given one to a friend, they've raved about it. It's got sentimental value to me, also, as it's the cigar I torched when I watched Trump's inaugural.
Only thing keeping it from five stars is that they're a bit lightly packed for me and burn down too quickly."
Camacho Criollo,4 out of 5,Perfect for a daily smoke.,"One of the first cigars I ever bought after getting into 'the game' and also the first one I'd ever enjoyed enough snd said ""wel that's was GOOD! I think I'll buy a couple more. Just a great medium bodied stoge without sacrificing FLAVOR!
I could easily say this would be a 'daily' smoke for me."
Camacho Criollo,4 out of 5,Excellent venture into Camacho's line.,"I purchased a single (no option was available) at the Texas retail location and was pleasantly surprised. I am a fan of mild profiles, so Camacho - being rather known for strong cigars, was a bit intimidating. Profile was mild at first, increased to fairly full by the end of the first 3rd. Lightened up at the halfway point and was consistent the remainder of the cigar. Ashed very well and burned evenly despite a breeze that wasn't helping.
The plan is to purchase another (possibly 5) to evaluate consistency. This may be the new 'go-to' smoke as the price point was excellent... might be buying a box."
Camacho Criollo,3 out of 5,Lots of flavor,"I expected a lighter cigar with the Camacho yellow label, but this cigar is full of flavor. I like to fill my humidor medium to full cigars.This one falls on the full side."
Camacho Criollo,4 out of 5,Pretty Good!,"Found a stubborn knot in one, but otherwise cap held at the shoulder and draw was ok. Strength was medium. Burn rate was average."
Camacho Criollo,4 out of 5,Camacho is a great smoke,"One of my favorite after work smokes. I'm not sure how my neighbors feel about it, but I love it!"
Camacho Criollo,5 out of 5,"Smooth, consistantly, burns even throughout,","Smooth, consistantly, burns even throughout, very reliable."
Camacho Criollo,5 out of 5,My favorite,Smoke these in Puerto Rico I’m hooked the best !
Camacho Criollo,5 out of 5,Camacho is top dog,"Any style of camacho I buy is awesome, these little guys are perfect for a puff or 2 if you are not looking for a long time engagement with a big boy. Maybe the perfect ""shot and a beer cigar""."
Camacho Criollo,5 out of 5,Great medium cigar,Good flavor without getting too dark. Burn is easy and consistent enough to walk the dog with.
Camacho Criollo,5 out of 5,Great smoke.,Perfect combination of mild flavors. Won’t over power those who like a mellow cigar but also won’t disappoint those who enjoy the full bodied flavor. I have ordered and smoked 50 of these and have yet to run into a problem with the drawl or cracking. One of my favorites on a regular basis
Camacho Criollo,4 out of 5,"small tasty cigar, burns quick","small tasty cigar, burns quick but not hot, lots of smoke"
Camacho Criollo,5 out of 5,Nice surprise!,"Very nice! I got a five pack to try, and have to admit I was holding my breath thinking these were going to be over the top strong. No worries- a just right medium strength with plenty of flavor. Didn't develop any bad issues as it got shorter, unlike so mny others."
Camacho Criollo,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Mild to medium body smoke. Full of nice creamy flavor.
Camacho Criollo,4 out of 5,surprisingly delightful,"wow, distinct taste than other camachos, and was surprisingly a delight to smoke. Would buy again. Burned well and even."
Camacho Criollo,5 out of 5,One of my favorites,"This is a go to cigar for me. Not too strong, yet a spicy cigar with tons of flavor. One of my favorites!"
Camacho Criollo,2 out of 5,Jekyll and Hyde,Flavor profile was good. The wrapper cracked and separated from the cigar. Would not stay lit and eventually burned on only one side of the stick. With the flavor I may try another may not.
Camacho Criollo,3 out of 5,"Great cigar, poor wrapping!","I have had this cigar before and it is one of my favorites. This pack of 5 however had loose wrapping that came apart on all five cigars. It was as if they were dried out, but they weren't hard. Flavor was still great, but the pull was affected from the loose wrapping."
Camacho Criollo,5 out of 5,Camacho Machitos Connecticut,Smooth and highly recommended!
Camacho Criollo,3 out of 5,Unremarkable.,"This cigar was good, not great. A fair value for the money. A good ""every day"" smoke."
Camacho Criollo,4 out of 5,Love these things!,Great Smoke! The taste is there and burns almost evenly. just wished that the Churchill lasted longer than the other sizes but are about the same with burn time.
Camacho Criollo,5 out of 5,Never a Disappointment with Camacho,These are great. Get and smoke anything that Camacho puts on the market.
Camacho Criollo,5 out of 5,Perfect Choice for the Party,"I love Camacho cigars, so I grabbed these to pass out after I got married. They were perfect to hand out because of their mild taste and those who were not smokers could still join in and have fun. I HIGHLY recommend these, and anything else that Camacho puts out."
Camacho Criollo,5 out of 5,Great with Espresso.,This cigar is perfect with either a dark roast coffee or Espresso. Burn and construction excellent.
Camacho Criollo,4 out of 5,"Good cigar, burns quicker than","Good cigar, burns quicker than anticipated."
Camacho Criollo,5 out of 5,Great cigars! Great deal!,"You really can't go wrong with Camacho and CI. Not only do you get to enjoy a tasty, premium smoke, you get to do it without going poor! Thanks CI !!!"
Camacho Criollo,5 out of 5,Execelent!!,Just an excelent Cigar!
Camacho Criollo,1 out of 5,Terrible 1st bad exp,"For the first time i wouldnt recommend a reorder. Cigars cracked upon cutting w cutter, and they wwould not stay lit or draw very well. Couldnt finish one of the five i had ended up throwing them away after try to smoke each one. Garbage"
Camacho Criollo,5 out of 5,great cigars at a great price,Bought 3 boxes for my daughters wedding. Came in on time and were a huge success.
Camacho Criollo,4 out of 5,A quick smoke,When I don't have time to smoke a full cigar I reach for these sweet little things. A 15 minute smoke with full flavor is always a enjoyable break.
Camacho Criollo,5 out of 5,David,"First stick was great. Second, ok. Going to sit on the remainder for a while and see what happens. As always, the customer service was excellent and will keep me a customer of CI."
Camacho Criollo,5 out of 5,One worth stocking,"Great tasting and smooth smoke! The spice isnt overbearing and leaves a great aftertaste. Mixes well with local brewers belgain too! Also, Id like to add that CI had extremely fast shipping especially since I could choose one carrier over the other allowing these sticks to maintain their freshness (not a one falling apart)."
Camacho Criollo,4 out of 5,Go to stick,"No matter what you are doing this cigar should be part, from golf to having relaxing drink on the patio. Smooth draw, great ash, and the same great taste down to the nub."
Camacho Criollo,5 out of 5,A new favorite,"I received a couple of these in an outstanding sampler CI put together, and it is my new favorite cigar! Delicious, medium-bodied, lots of cool smoke in a slow, even burn. Speaking of which, I about burned my fingers smoking it down to the very nub.
I just wish I could afford a box!"
Camacho Diploma Black Special Selection,5 out of 5,Amazing,One of the best cigars I have ever smoked.
Camacho Ditka Game Time,5 out of 5,Da Coach has returned,Had this cigar over the weekend. Great smoke from start to finish. One of the best Camacho has to offer.
Camacho Ditka Game Time,5 out of 5,Going to miss this one!,It's a shame you no longer available. Actually a very good cigar. Draws easy...... medium to full body clean tobacco flavor with a hint of spice on the tongue. A good 45 minute to an hour smoke. Great from lit to end!!
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,My first Camacho.,I have been missing out. Nice.
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Camacho never disappoints. Outstanding cigar,Camacho never disappoints. Outstanding cigar
Camacho Ecuador,3 out of 5,It was an ok burning,It was an ok burning cigar. Not big on this flavor for comacho
Camacho Ecuador,4 out of 5,Great cigar. Very strong,Great cigar. Very strong
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Camacho Ecuador,Nice slow burning cigar.
Camacho Ecuador,3 out of 5,So So,Another palate non exciter. Goid draw though.
Camacho Ecuador,4 out of 5,Nice flavor... well made,Nice flavor... well made
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Long lasting. Great price and great roll
Camacho Ecuador,4 out of 5,Quick,A nice quick smoke.
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,Excellent smoke
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Great 10-pack and awesome price!,"Haven’t found an Alec Bradley I haven’t liked yet, and another nice Camacho with the Ecuador makes for one delicious 10-pack! Fresh upon receiving and great service as always from CI!!"
Camacho Ecuador,4 out of 5,Favorite brand,I like milder blends like Connecticut and Corillo but Camacho is so tasty everyone should be pleased.
Camacho Ecuador,3 out of 5,Good overall,First third was good. Will try a few more to provide a more accurate review.
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Excellent Smoke,My favorite from the Camacho line.. burns even and is strong flavored like I like them.
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Very good but burn was a little off.,Great flavor. Medium to full body and strength. But the burn was a little work. But nothing too bad.
Camacho Ecuador,4 out of 5,Always a good smoke,Always a good smoke
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,One of my favs,"Good consistent burn, smooth flavor, not to dark not to light. Good nicotine buzz. Will buy again."
Camacho Ecuador,4 out of 5,The carpenters review of the Camacho..,The Camacho caught me offguard. It was like buying a foreclosed house to find out all the plumbing was piped in copper. Nice medium to full flavored cigar. But not as peppery as the sandwich my wife packed me and my lunchbox yesterday. I give it 🔨🔨🔨🔨 out of five hammers.
Camacho Ecuador,3 out of 5,Camacho,Not like the taste that much
Camacho Ecuador,3 out of 5,A little to much,I know a lot of people like these but they have a lot of strong flavors for me it's a little to much
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Love at First Puff,"It was love at first draw. A wonderful stick, i had been dying to try this since i heard so much about them. I got a 5 pack of them and was sad and depressed when they were gone. But either way a good even burn, great smoke, and over all wonderful experience. Needless to say i plan on adding a box to my humidor soon."
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Excelent choice,Smooth!!!
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Sampler Satisfaction,"I've been wanting to try these for some time, so I'm glad this sampler deal came along. These feel great in my hand, firm, but still have an excellent draw. The burn is consistently even, and there is plenty of rich smoke. Makes for a very nice cigar moment."
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Great Smoke. Reasonable Price.
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Good smoke,These were great sticks at a good price.
Camacho Ecuador,4 out of 5,Camacho Camacho,I have learned that certain houses have a golden touch. Camacho is one of those. Everything they touch is golden.
Camacho Ecuador,4 out of 5,👍🏼,I received a sampler of camocho they were all excellent I also I also bought a box of liberty 2017 what a great singer I would recommend these tomatoes to anybody!!
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Great deal,Easy smoke at a great price
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,One of my favorites,"This is the first Camacho I ever smoked, and I fell in love. Wonderful flavor, perfect draw every hit, and just all around awesome. Behind the Hamlet Tabaquero, this is my new go to smoke."
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Awesome,This are really good cigars I will definitely buy it again really amazing deal
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Great smokes!,These Camacho cigars smoke very nice. They have great flavor and burn neatly.
Camacho Ecuador,3 out of 5,Not bad,Not bad
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Not a bad stick,Not a bad stick
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Perfect,I love Camacho cigars and this deal was no exception have already smoked half and all perfect.
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Just plain good,Just plain good
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Never disappoints!,"I have tried several Camacho sticks and like them, this one is no different. Great flavor and burn."
Camacho Ecuador,4 out of 5,Awesome cigar!,Great smoke everytime!
Camacho Ecuador,4 out of 5,Camacho Ecuador,A good medium bodied smoke. Good construction. Long burn time. And good smooth flavor.
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Great cigar,These cigars are so smooth and are just full of flavor. They need to put them on sale more often.
Camacho Ecuador,4 out of 5,Good smoke. Even burn. I,Good smoke. Even burn. I would do this over and over.
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Camacho Ecuador,"This is a good medium bodied cigar. It pairs well with coffee. It always has a even burn, smooth draw and has a nice taste of coffee and chocolate. Camacho is one of my favorite brands and this one is among the top choices!"
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Excellent Smokes,"Not my size, but smokes great."
Camacho Ecuador,4 out of 5,Camacho,Smooth for the most part. A little harsh at the end.
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,I bought these for my,"I bought these for my husband. He said, they were really good."". He rated them a 5."
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Camacho,Slightly stronger than I anticipated however a very flavorful stick with slight changes in flavor as you get through it.
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Camacho equador,I love these cigars. Smooth and spicy at a good price. I always keep at least a few in the humidor
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar to enjoy after a long day. Plan to get more.
Camacho Ecuador,5 out of 5,Camacho Ecuador Robusto,This is the first time I ordered Camachos. A lot of people have been saying it was a good cigar. It did not disappoint. Burned evenly and had a great flavor
Camacho Ecuador BXP,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Camacho Hard Charger LE 2018,5 out of 5,Wouldn't expect anything less from,"Wouldn't expect anything less from Camacho! The liberty series is my favorite, these guys are right behind it!"
Camacho Hard Charger LE 2018,5 out of 5,The Hard Charger,One of my favorite smokes. Burns consistent with flavor From start to finish. CI continues to be leader in on-line cigar orders. Stick always arrive quickly and fresh.
Camacho Hard Charger LE 2018,5 out of 5,Great cigars and an awesome,Great cigars and an awesome knife. They burn good and a nice flavor.
Camacho Hard Charger LE 2018,5 out of 5,Outstanding cigar and great knife!,"Whoa!Just got a box of 20 on weekly special and what a deal.These are classic Camacho as far as construction,draw,and burn time,full complex flavor,but medium to full body.First inch or two is a clean pepper blast after that the ride begins-the pepper goes away and in comes a swirl of meatiness,earth,and good flavors start dancing around-2/3 gone and I haven't stopped smiling-now the power of this stick is creeping up on me and it's too late!My pride won't ,let me quit!Wheww!Strong clean pepper comes back on the last 1/3,and at this point I'm barely handling the retrohale yes,I'm sipping it at this point because of the final pepper assault which was not harsh or green but powerful nonetheless.I date this cigar 5/5 in all areas of performance.This cigar was named ""Hardcharger""after the U.S.M.C.in which I proudly served.The pocket knife that came with the special is a solid knife and razor sharp.Thanks C.I.as always,Semper Fi!!Goodnight Chesty Puller wherever you are!"
Camacho Imperial Stout,5 out of 5,A beautiful smoke,"A great cigar, probably the best of Camacho's Barrel Aged cigars. A nice medium to bold balance."
Camacho Imperial Stout,5 out of 5,Out of the park!,Hands down one of the best smokes Ive had. Perfect razor sharp burn and an endless amount of flavors.
Camacho Machitos,4 out of 5,Cap crumble d while smoking.,Cap crumble d while smoking. Great flavor.
Camacho Machitos,5 out of 5,Nice vacation cigars,I alway buy these for vacation when I know there won’t be too many places to smoke. The flavor is good and full. It’s a fairly quick smoke and it doesn’t billow in smoke when you sneak a smoke on the balcony of a cruise ship.
Camacho Machitos,5 out of 5,Camacho,"Great little cigars for walking around town or walking the dog, awesome Cigar . I love this brand ."
Camacho Machitos,5 out of 5,Nice smooth with a twang,Nice smooth with a twang
Camacho Machitos,5 out of 5,Camacho is top dog,"Any style of camacho I buy is awesome, these little guys are perfect for a puff or 2 if you are not looking for a long time engagement with a big boy. Maybe the perfect ""shot and a beer cigar""."
Camacho Machitos,4 out of 5,"small tasty cigar, burns quick","small tasty cigar, burns quick but not hot, lots of smoke"
Camacho Machitos,3 out of 5,To fast burn,Burned to fast. To loosely wrapped. Taste was ok. Not even close to Cohiba
Camacho Machitos,5 out of 5,Camacho Machitos Connecticut,Smooth and highly recommended!
Camacho Machitos,3 out of 5,Camacho Machitos-Corojo,"Good smoke, however about half way through they burn a little hot."
Camacho Machitos,5 out of 5,Camacho Machitos Connecticut,Smooth fine and 5 star!
Camacho Machitos,4 out of 5,"Good cigar, burns quicker than","Good cigar, burns quicker than anticipated."
Camacho Machitos,5 out of 5,judge me by my size do you?,i love the Connecticut. this is meant to have that smoke with the same flavor and feeling of a normal cigar in a fraction of the time and this is exactly what the doctor ordered..
Camacho Machitos,5 out of 5,Perfect smoke for those quick,Perfect smoke for those quick moments
Camacho Machitos,4 out of 5,A quick smoke,When I don't have time to smoke a full cigar I reach for these sweet little things. A 15 minute smoke with full flavor is always a enjoyable break.
Camacho Machitos,5 out of 5,Great Deal,"Nice for a quick, quality smoke in the winter months. Love the tin."
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Thourghly enjoyed them. Nice smoke
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,5 out of 5,By far my new favorite cigar !,"I strongly recommend this cigar. Now is the #1 in my humidor. Great flavor, Great burn, I enjoy a lot to smoke this."
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,4 out of 5,TOP 5 FAV,"BOLD, COMPLEX, GREAT TASTE, ALWAYS A STICK IN MY HUMIDOR"
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,4 out of 5,Great Stick,"Very Nice, This is a awesome stick. My new favorite."
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,5 out of 5,Go To,"nice to find your go to stick, lets just hope they keep making them"
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,5 out of 5,Best pairing,The pair of rum barrels and a fine stick are like heaven. Nice to of found my go to stick. Please don’t stop making these
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,5 out of 5,Love these full flavored sticks,Love these full flavored sticks
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,5 out of 5,Amazing,My new favorite
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,5 out of 5,Very Nice Smoke,"Nice morning cigar mild to medium smoke, creamy cinnamon bun flavor with nuanance of vanilla on the finish."
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Enjoyed
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,5 out of 5,Camacho Barrel Aged,"I haven't tried them yet. They are resting in my humidor, and I will get to them in the spring. The construction is flawless, that much I can tell you."
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,5 out of 5,Tasty yet subtle,Very similar to the Camacho Corojo. The rum aging comes through without overpowering. Great flavor & smoke that you'd expect from Camacho.
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,5 out of 5,New Camacho Rum,"Quality as expected, smooth as expected, not quite as strong as the Camacho Bourbon cigars. A++++ Always a pleasure to sit down to a Camacho of any kind."
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,5 out of 5,Camacho At Its Best,"These are full-bodied smokes, even a bit stronger than the usual Camacho."
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,5 out of 5,Very good also delicious the,Very good also delicious the american BBL aged Camacho.
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,2 out of 5,Disappointing.,While very well constructed and simply a pretty cigar. They just don’t hit the taste buds like I’d like. Would not buy again.
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,4 out of 5,Can a cigar be described,"Can a cigar be described as having a ""smoky"" taste? Well That is what I got out of this sample. Very nice full body."
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,3 out of 5,camacho,"Harsh. For me, it is a ""yard gar"""
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,4 out of 5,Another great Camacho,"Flavorful and complex profile, razor sharp burn, and modern presentation make this a regular stick in my humidor."
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,5 out of 5,CAMACHO,"Camacho usually is a quality smoke. This one goes above their norm. Tastes like a full flavor, breathes much easier. This fella doesn’t overwhelm the senses or palate. Great smoke all the way through!"
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,3 out of 5,so/so smoke,"For all the BOLD branding, this was a very milquetoast cigar. Not medium-full by any stretch, and no real development from start to finish. Although I did get a hint of the rum on the nose, I failed to detect any influence of the rum barrel aging in the flavor. No offensive flavors or anything, but again just a rather nondescript experience. One or two of them started to tunnel at the very end, but otherwise construction was fine. I didn't love it, didn't hate it, really 2.5 stars would be most appropriate for this review. If this was a survey, and the statement was ""this was a good cigar"" I would select ""neither agree nor disagree."" I've always wondered why that option was available on surveys, but I think I've finally found a use for it."
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,4 out of 5,Quick throat punch,This little cigar I have found to be like a flyweight boxer...punches a quick punch and then decently smooth. Really decent smoke for the $$$
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,5 out of 5,Good smoke. Nice flavor,Good smoke. Nice flavor
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke smooth burn,Excellent smoke smooth burn
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,4 out of 5,Great Cigar,Nice smoke. I'm no person to rate cigars but this one had a nice flavor and good draw all the way to the end.
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,5 out of 5,Great smoke,The barrel aged Camacho had a smooth even smoke with right balance of flavor. Will purchase again
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,5 out of 5,Camacho rum aged,what an awesome cigar. Not to bad in price. Great flavor. Great pull. Would love to buy them again.
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,5 out of 5,Great taste,Very good cigar. Flavor was exceptional and the burn was perfect.
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,3 out of 5,Ok,Ok
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,5 out of 5,Well made cigar,"Buy this cigar. Key to any cigar is the draw. Excellent draw, beautiful wrapper, delicious medium-full flavor."
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,5 out of 5,Buy this cigar,"Easy draw, excellent flavor. Read all internet reviews -- this cigar is well appreciated. I'm buying a box of 20 robustos."
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,5 out of 5,The Best Barrel Aged Cigar!!!,"This is without a doubt, one of the most flavorful cigars I have ever had the pleasure of smoking. I bought a 5-pack of the 6x60 Gordo, and in this particular size, you get an extremely rich smoke. The smoke is very creamy & has a somewhat buttery note & texture to it as well. You get lots of nice oak & sweet nutty flavors, as well as a distinct rum note from the barrel aging. The construction is excellent, & as I have seen with other Camacho blends in this size, the draw is very light & easy. This is definitely a cigar you want to keep in your humidor!"
Camacho Nicaraguan Barrel-Aged,5 out of 5,Another homerun by Camacho!!,"I believe this is the most unique and complex cigar I’ve ever smoked and that’s a compliment. It’s got a smooth cool draw,burns evenly and is loaded with flavors. The taste of the spice,oak and sweet flavors are very noticeable. For me the NBA is at the top of my favorites beside the Camacho ABA & powerband. Camacho has become one of my favorite cigar brands."
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Smooth taste. Great roll and burn. Terrific flavor to the nub. Love this smoke.
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Great cigars and service,These cigars are great and the service from CI was great as usual. They got here quick and were perfect. I will be ordering more in the near future.
Camacho Powerband,3 out of 5,Good smoke but had to,Good smoke but had to constantly relight.
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Smokes great,"Very smooth all the way through. One of my favorite smokes. I haven't smoked a lot of Camacho's, but this smoke ticked a lot of boxes for me. Great draw, consistent and well flavored smoke after smoke. It burns a little fast, but overall something I'd smoke again and again. The CI price & shipping was fantastic and overall made this a great purchase."
Camacho Powerband,4 out of 5,Bought a box for $80,Great deal at that price! I wouldn't pay MSRP or close though. All 20 had perfect draws.
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Lil spicy but awesome smoke,Lil spicy but awesome smoke
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Put them on sale again.,Great cigar
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Camacho powerband,"Nice smoke, even, tasteful"
Camacho Powerband,3 out of 5,Camacho,It’s an okay smoke
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Camacho Powerband,"Great cigar, fast delivery, very happy.. For anyone who enjoys a well balanced, strong cigar, this is for you. Always consistent in flavor and strength, you will not be disappointed."
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Camacho Triple Maduro,"Just a great cigar ! CI as always was quick and easy to deal with. Highly recommend both cigar and supplier !
Thanks CI"
Camacho Powerband,4 out of 5,Enjoyable,Enjoyable
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Fabulous stick!,Fabulous smoke. Nice draw and great full bodied flavor. Hope these are featured again on sale.
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Nothing's perfect...or is it?,"Rarely give out 5 stars as that means perfect, right? No such thing as perfect. Everything can be improved. Although I'm not sure that pertains to Powerband. When Camacho started making these a few years ago, they were a curiosity in the MasterBuilt series. Slowly, surely, Camacho has perfected them. The burn is impeccable. The draw is exemplary. The flavors are amazing enough that no drink needs to be used for pairing. (Still, have a Glen Livet with them...you'll be glad you did.) If I could have a 10$/stick as a daily, it'd be this one."
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Powerband,My number 1 .....Great cigar
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Very robust and smooth draw.,Very robust and smooth draw. Enjoyable flavor.
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Flavor Bomb,"Just ordered a box. If they are as good as they were, when the released a few years ago, I will be pleased. I remember a nice medium strength, semi-complex, slow burning flavor bomb. It just felt good in your hand and tasted refined. Probably my favorite of the 'new' Camachos."
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Camacho Cigar,Enjoyable good aroma no bitter taste.
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Camacho Powerband,Very good stick. Smooth and stout. Will buy again.
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Big & Bold!,"Better like a strong cigar, cuz this is Camacho Macho Man!"
Camacho Powerband,4 out of 5,Camacho,Absolutey the best flavor roll start to finish. Slow and smooth burn every time.
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,powerband,very nice cigar but it has to be aged at least 6 months
Camacho Powerband,4 out of 5,well made robust cigar,"it tastes like a real cigar, strong, powerful and always good."
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Good smoke,"Construction is great, flavor is off the hook. On sale it's a winner. As much as I like this smoke, I can't afford to buy them unless they're on sale."
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Camacho Powerband,The Powerband Robusto has a lot of spice and full flavor. Good cigar for late in the day or evening.
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,very good,very good
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Camacho Powerband toro,Great constructed even burn flavorful cigar will buy it again
Camacho Powerband,4 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Camacho,"Good cigar, burns evenly"
Camacho Powerband,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
Camacho Powerband,4 out of 5,Great smoke.,I have never had a bad Camacho. Great smoke.
Camacho Powerband,4 out of 5,Powerband,"While the Power Band is a terrific smoke with lots of coffee and spice, it still has a way to go to be a memorable as my favorite the Camacho 11/18. The Powerband is a terrific evening cigar and both the Powerband and the 11/18 do go very well with a craft imperial stout brew.
The Powerband is a quality and well made smoke, that I highly recommend, I just like the 11/18 even more."
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Awesome,Camacho never disappoints ! Another hit
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Good,Good
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Perfect,Can’t ever go wrong with a Camacho
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Thumbs up,"The Power band is well constructed and tastes great. It's a fuller body cigar, only drawback is they burn faster than I like."
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Camacho,Great Cigar at an amazing price.
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,great cigar- flavors change as you smoke- perfect draw,"The perfect draw, best of any cigar outside of Cuba. Closet cigar to a real Cuban you can get from the strength to the construction to the flavor change throughout and consistency of each stick. Worth every cent!"
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Great Smoke..,"Burned with no issues, smooth with notes of coffee, cocoa powder and to me, hints of citrus with a little cream on the retrohale. First Camacho for me but wont be my last."
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Camacho Powerband Robusto,"Camacho Powerband Robusto is a cigar that can compete with a lot of highly rated cigars . It had a long ash , smooth smoke a pleasure to smoke ."
Camacho Powerband,3 out of 5,Everyday smoke,"Not too strong, very smooth, and a nice everyday smoke."
Camacho Powerband,4 out of 5,Camacho Power band,"Stonger than I usually smoke, but good flavor, burns good."
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Great cigars,"I have really enjoyed these cigars. Smooth draw, good construction, medium to full strength. I would buy again."
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Camacho Powerbands,"Good Light, even burn through out, will stay lit and has a earthy and sweet taste. let them sit in the humidor awy and they are a bold grest smoke, especially with a good scotch or bourbon."
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Camacho Powerband,"Good tasting, smooth cigar! Try a box today!"
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,great cigar- flavors change as you smoke- perfect draw,"due to the rolling process, this burns perfectly every time. I enjoy the drastic changes I experience while I burn through the Powerband. This is far from a boring smoke and one of the best cigars I keep in my humidor. These aren't cheap buddy sticks but well worth every cent when you want a high quality cigar."
Camacho Powerband,4 out of 5,Good not great,"Good flavored cigar with great body. Not my favorite cigar, so they have been spending more time in my humidor, but they are enjoyable."
Camacho Powerband,5 out of 5,Awesome,Excellent flavor bomb
Camacho Powerband,4 out of 5,Camacho,Camacho does not disappoint.
Camacho Scorpion Connecticut,4 out of 5,Great mid level smoke,These are a great mild smoke. Good construction. Good price. Mild flavor makes for a good everyday cigar.
Camacho Scorpion Connecticut,5 out of 5,Smooth,Tasty smooth smoke. Enjoyable with a nice coffee in the morning
Camacho Scorpion Connecticut,5 out of 5,I first tired these cigars,I first tired these cigars when I ordered a sampler pack and have been happy with them ever since
Camacho Scorpion Connecticut,4 out of 5,My golfing cigar,This is the scar I take out on the course with me every time. A white delicious smoke enjoy the fresh air.
Camacho Scorpion Connecticut,4 out of 5,Scorpion,Was a great little smoke light to medium burns good good finish little quick on the Robusto
Camacho Scorpion Connecticut,5 out of 5,What a great cigar,"Awesome cigar, great burn, full of flavor... Great bang for the buck! Will be ordering more! Thanks for the suggestion!"
Camacho Scorpion Connecticut,4 out of 5,A great budget find!,"These cigars are money. They are so mellow, with almost a slight hint of honey (credit to my gf for picking that out!), and unlike what I sometimes find with lighter-wrapper cigars, there is nothing offensive about these whatsoever.
I’m burning my fourth stick as I write this (first review ever) (5”/50 robusto), and this one like each of the three before it burns beautifully—perfectly even, and with a tight, light grey ash. These cigars have surprised me with their well done and consistent construction. And their smoke, too, is thick and rich.
Definitely getting a box of these so I always have them in stock. And looking forward to trying the darker Scorpion cigar, too."
Camacho Scorpion Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great choice,"The first scorpion cigar I have ever smoked and was mildly impressed. Well made, even burn with no touch up needed, nice mild to medium taste, and perfect draw. I knew they would be good being made by Camacho but never dreamed they would be this good! A great premium cigar any smoker will enjoy. Try one and you will like it, guaranteed!!"
Camacho Scorpion Connecticut,5 out of 5,"Love this cigar, nice notes,","Love this cigar, nice notes, very smooth great even burn..."
Camacho Scorpion Connecticut,4 out of 5,Great smokes,Great smokes
Camacho Scorpion Connecticut,5 out of 5,My happy place,It's bitter sweet to burn something so perfect !
Camacho Scorpion Connecticut,5 out of 5,Smoooth,"Well made, burns well a very smooooth smoke."
Camacho Scorpion Connecticut,5 out of 5,delicious,great cigar
Camacho Scorpion Connecticut,5 out of 5,Top Drawer Smoke,If you like big ring gauge cigars like I do you need to try Camacho's Scorpion. One heck of a great smooth smoke in a 70 gauge size.
Camacho Scorpion Connecticut,5 out of 5,:),I like the Scorpions.
Camacho Scorpion Connecticut,5 out of 5,Very solid medium cigar.,"This cigar has a smooth and clean taste, good tobacco without being overly complex. It is a welcome respite from my preference of full-bodied smokes that does not leave feeling I have just air/paper."
Camacho Scorpion Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good mild smoke. Even burn. Great price for a Camacho cigar.
Camacho Scorpion Connecticut,4 out of 5,Scorpion,Great smoke! Good go to cigar!
Camacho Scorpion Connecticut,5 out of 5,Super buy,Super buy
Camacho Scorpion Connecticut,4 out of 5,Medium smoke with a pepper,Medium smoke with a pepper taste. Good!
Camacho Scorpion Connecticut,5 out of 5,Very smooth cigar.,"Loved them, I need more. Can you help me out with this?"
Camacho Scorpion Fumas Connecticut,5 out of 5,"Great smoke, mild with a","Great smoke, mild with a nice finish."
Camacho Scorpion Fumas Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great stick,Smooth and flavorful.
Camacho Scorpion Fumas Connecticut,3 out of 5,Not too bad,"Not too bad for the money. It is a little milder than I like, but I bought Connecticut so that was to be expected. The burn is even and the draw and flavor remained the same the whole time."
Camacho Scorpion Fumas Sun Grown,4 out of 5,JTH,Camacho never disappoints. Will definitely buy again.
Camacho Scorpion Fumas Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Thanks,Thanks
Camacho Scorpion Fumas Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Great stick,"A little stronger, but very tolerable, in this smaller size."
Camacho Scorpion Fumas Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Almost Cubans,Good taste. Burn even. Great smoke!
Camacho Scorpion Fumas Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Great,Decent cigar for the price for sure.
Camacho Scorpion Fumas Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Scorpion,Great smoke good price
Camacho Scorpion Fumas Sun Grown,4 out of 5,good daily smoke,Like camacho brand. This cheapie was great for the price.
Camacho Scorpion Fumas Sun Grown,3 out of 5,Far off from Scorpion Sun Grown,The pull is the same ( Which is very good) but the flavor is far off. I cant advise on an everyday cigar because I normally use the Scorpion Sungrown for an everyday Cigar. I rather spend the extra money for way better taste. If you are on a budget then yes buy the Fumas otherwise wouldnt recommend.
Camacho Scorpion Fumas Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Didn't get bit,great smoke very enjoyable
Camacho Scorpion Fumas Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Go ahead it's a pleasent smoke.,"Looks good rolled, firm, make sure you poke it with toothpick, little bit tight puff . Burns even, with corrections here and there. Not big on a flavors, greenish tabacco flavor but it's not overwhelming, and some light roast flavors. Light to Medium strength. It's not bad for fumas series. No harsh aftertaste which is good. Yeah if you want inexpensive stick, this is good. Cigar that I smoke just arrived, so hopefully they will progress in humidor. Don't expect too much it's a still fumas serious, but still better then some avarage cigars."
Camacho Scorpion Sun Grown,5 out of 5,nice,nice
Camacho Scorpion Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Good Flavor,"Good medium cigar
Taste good thru whole smoke"
Camacho Scorpion Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Good mild cigar,Good mild cigar
Camacho Scorpion Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Great Cigars,I like fat cigars. They are flavorful and this one delivers the taste and enjoyment of smoking cigars.
Camacho Scorpion Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Solid smoke,"These cigars are consistently well rolled, easy to light and enjoyable to smoke. My go to for daily smoking."
Camacho Scorpion Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Camacho scores again!,"Camacho always produces a great cigar, this one doesn't disappoint. Great value, flavor & burn."
Camacho Scorpion Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Camacho scores again!,Another great stick from Camacho! Good burn & flavor. Will definitely buy again.
Camacho Scorpion Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Camacho Scorpion Sungrown,Great cigars at a great price coming from a great company! Large amounts of smoke and flavor. This stick has kept me wanting to go light another every time I’ve smoked one!
Camacho Scorpion Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Take time to enjoy.,This is not a lightweight cigar. I made the mistake of trying one two days after 2 day shipping. All I could taste was the chocolate notes. Waited two more days and this has become a favorite.
Camacho Scorpion Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Another great smoke.,Camacho does it again!
Camacho Scorpion Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Camacho Does it Again!!!,Great stick for the value! Great everyday smoke!
Camacho Scorpion Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Wonderfuly smooth,Wonderfuly smooth
Camacho Scorpion Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Nice cigar...good smoke,Nice cigar...good smoke
Camacho Scorpion Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Camacho has another winner!,I am a big fan of Camacho Cigars. That being said I couldn't wait to order and try this new edition to their line up. Very nice aroma. medium strength with bold tastes. Very good wrapper with an even burn. Burn time is about an hour and a half long by my smoking habits.
Camacho Scorpion Sun Grown,4 out of 5,Camacho Scorpion,"Well constructed, tasty gem."
Camacho Scorpion Sun Grown,4 out of 5,late review,"awesome cigar, gonna try the scorpion connecticut next...but only one down side, limited sizes, i like the 7’ by 50 ring guage style. other than that, look’n forward to my next batch."
Camacho Scorpion Sun Grown,5 out of 5,Ashton VSG penny pincher,Almost as great as an Ashton VSG and not as hard on the wallet. A great cigar. I will be smoking thesis again.
Camacho Scorpion Sweet Tip,5 out of 5,Nice Sweet Tip,VERY tasty cigar! I will be buying again!
Camacho Scorpion Sweet Tip,5 out of 5,Satisfied,Good smoke
Camacho Scorpion Sweet Tip,5 out of 5,Enjoyable,Mild and smooth. I can stop trying out others for awhile.
Camacho Scorpion Sweet Tip,5 out of 5,SMOOTH,Nice smooth cigar!
Camacho Scorpion Sweet Tip,5 out of 5,Great smoke,One of the most satisfying blends of flavor.
Camacho Scorpion Sweet Tip,5 out of 5,Sweet smoke.....,"Very nice, well balanced cigar. The tip is not too sweet, gives a great taste to an already great cigar."
Camacho The Original Diploma,5 out of 5,Excellent,"I bought these on a whim. When they arrived, I could not believe the packaging. Whoever designed this box with the coffins deserves a metal. The first one that I smoked did not disappoint – smoked it right down to the nub (which to me defines the best cigars). I immediately ordered a second box. So far I have smoked 4 and given several away (Reviews from others have all been the same – excellent). My experience has been consistent – even burn, easy draw (even using a punch), great flavor – glad I ordered a second box. This is one to remember."
Camacho The Original Diploma,5 out of 5,Some of the best in presentation.,Wow stunning box. Probably the best packaging I have ever seen in a cigar. Something to really impress people that smoke cigars. Nice really nice.
Camacho The Original Diploma,5 out of 5,Extravagence squared.,Wow never saw such a majestic cigar box. You’ll impress anyone who looks at this jewel. The cigars come in individual cedar lined caskets and the cigars are very smooth and burn beautifully. Just ordered another box cause the family is already arguing who’s gonna get the box. Very impressive. Two thumbs up
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar.,Very strong and robust and one of my favorites cigars.
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Camacho always delivers,"Hands down, the best cigar from Camacho's standard line. Great flavor with an amazing burn. The only flaw is that it no longer has the old packaging."
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Camacho Black,Fantastic Robusto flavor!
Camacho Triple Maduro,4 out of 5,Solid Smoke,Nice earth and chocolate present building in strength throughout. A little tight on the draw but not terrible. Perfect ash to the end. Quality smoke. Yet another great buy from Camacho.
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Camacho Triple Maduro,"Love them. The smoothest, almost sweet, Maduro I have had. Just wish they were a little less expensive and I would be smoking more."
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Comancho incredible value,do not miss this !!!!
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Tripple Maduro,Great cigar at a great price
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,The best,I'm a big fan of Camacho and this one did not let me down good burn and very smooth. You have to try these.
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent,Very good
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Bold & Smooth,"Great smoke, burns evenly most of the times. I have been enjoying the Triple Maduro since it came out."
Camacho Triple Maduro,4 out of 5,Triple Maduro,A lot sweeter than I expected and yet very smooth
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Awesome smoke,"I enjoyed this cigar a lot definitely buy some more
Thank you C.I. for the amazing prices and cigars
Thank you"
Camacho Triple Maduro,4 out of 5,Good,Good
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Very Nice,nice
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Great with whiskey!,Great with whiskey!
Camacho Triple Maduro,4 out of 5,Value for the money and,Value for the money and just the right size for me.
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Camacho rocks,I love Camacho. Their cigars are always a treat. I wish they would be on sale more often. Hahaha Keep em coming
Camacho Triple Maduro,4 out of 5,"Excellent flavor, good draw","Excellent flavor, good draw"
Camacho Triple Maduro,3 out of 5,Thanks,Thanks
Camacho Triple Maduro,4 out of 5,Great Cigar,Really nice smoke. Perfect burn.
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Camacho Trippel Madero,Outstanding fully body cigar.
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Best smoke!!,Can't be beat! Always a favorite!
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Unbeatable price on an equally unbeatable cigar,Ci has done it yet again with this amazing deal. Searching stores nationwide for who knows how long I was just about to give up when I ran across this deal. BAM!!! I HIT THE PURCHASE BUTTON QUICK LIKE AND IN A HURRY. Comacho has made the perfect triple Maduro cigar in the form of this gem. I could give you what I taste when I smoke one but instead why not get one and try it!!!
Camacho Triple Maduro,4 out of 5,Steel and Strong,"Very nice dark smoke,
Had a lovely even burn, no pepper spots throughout.
Although very strong steal taste to it."
Camacho Triple Maduro,4 out of 5,Camacho triple maduro,Very dark robust smoke. Strongest flavor I got from it was steel and very powerful that flavor was
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,(Camacho triplemaduro6 60,Great cigar
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke,These cigars are excellent smokes real full flavored.
Camacho Triple Maduro,3 out of 5,Average,Average
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,One of my favorites,This is an excellent cigar. It is smooth and powerful without bieng overpowering. If I had the money I would smoke this everyday. Haven't had anything quite like this one. Definitely in my top 5.
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Distinguish,"Do you want a different type of somke; this Camacho Triple Maduro is the one! Strong taste, complex, earthy, very spicy, very aromatic and some times some fruity notes.
You need to be mentally and physically ready and yiu need to be used to full bodied Maduro tastes before you smoke this cigar as it is really strong. Make sure you smoke it after a heavy dinner to enjoy it the most. Great cigat indeed!"
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Awesome stick,Awesome stick
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Worth every penny!,"Amazing full flavor that you would expect out of a Maduro. Does not overpower or have the harsh pepper notes that some Maduro cigars have. I'd highly recommend this cigar, and all Camacho cigars."
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Great!,"Great cigars. I remember when Camacho's were cheaper, a lot cheaper, and badly made, yet I still smoked them. Excellent flavor as always, much better construction."
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Stunning Stick!,What a great smoke! Full flavor with length and depth!
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,One of my favorite cigars.,One of my favorite cigars. Filled with flavor and bold.
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Score this one high,"This has been a terrific find, and thank you Cigar Of The Month club. If I had not been a member I would have never found my favorite smoke. I have always lived maduros and this one tops the chart"
Camacho Triple Maduro,3 out of 5,Good but not great,"I recently purchased a 5 pack of the Camacho Triple Maduro and on the strength of one cigar I think this is a good cigar; it 's just not a great cigar. Its got all the hallmarks of a great cigar-great construction, cool, even draw, even burn. and good ash. It's just not a flavor bomb. There's a hint of sourness throughout the smoke but I diminishes towards the end. I'm hoping (and believe) a couple of months in the humidor might elevate to a 4 tar rating."
Camacho Triple Maduro,4 out of 5,Yummy,I liked this one but it was a gift for a friend and he likes these because they are real robust but I felt as though they were a little too bold for me
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Worth Every Penny,Full flavor that is very smooth and tasty. This is my favorite maduro stogey and one of my favorite smokes period!
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,"rich flavor, smooth smoke","the rich flavor is full, tasty and smooth. the cigar is well packed and wrapped, one of the best smokes regardless of price"
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Excellent condition and very fast,Excellent condition and very fast delivery
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Reliable Camacho goodness,"You just can't go wrong with Camacho. Have been smoking these for a couple years, and they are always spot on.
Great draw, good burn, and the flavor is fantastic. Ci is the best price, and shipping of course is always great."
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,"Too much, too late",Bought these (special request )for a fine Marine on leave over Christmas. Delivery was too late. Too dark for my taste but will stay in my humidor until he gets back to a garrison life.
Camacho Triple Maduro,3 out of 5,Decent smoke,"I was very excited to try these since I love Maduro wrappers. Not finding any with more than a double wrapper I was excited to get my lips around a triple maduro wrapper. My expectations were greater than what these turned out to be. I wasn't a fan of the flavors and it burned much faster than I expected. Won't pick up any more of these, but not a terrible smoke. It wasn't as full as I would have liked, but I've had worse!"
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Camacho maduro,Excellent
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,"Thank you for taking care of the lighter malfunction issue, with ease.","Over the years, ""we"" have spent lots of money and enjoyed many cigar moments thanks to C.I. Even spent some time at the facility next to Cabela's. Thanks for your support."
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Camacho Triple Maduro Amazing Cigar!!!,What more can I say about his Cigar! Extremely Amazing!! Perfect burn from start to finish and phenomenal taste throughout !!! Always have these in my humidor and enjoy every smoke. Full bodied flavour without the bad after taste. Truly amazing piece from Camacho!
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,"Smooth, straight smooth","To me, it was not necessarily 'full', but it was smooth as all get out to the end. Smoked it with a stout beer while smoking a turkey on cool, windy day, stayed lit while I went in and out of the house. Required one relight near the end of the stick, but I have no complaints with that. Consistent taste from start to nub."
Camacho Triple Maduro,5 out of 5,Loved them,"Great beefy smoke, will be getting more."
CAO America,5 out of 5,Great cigar and timely delivery,Great cigar and timely delivery
CAO America,5 out of 5,great taste!,great taste!
CAO America,5 out of 5,'Merica,Good draw. I've smoked a few already for the 4th but now I'll let them sit in my humidor for about a month and see if the mellow out a bit.
CAO America,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Top notch smoke
CAO America,5 out of 5,Crossing the Potomac!,This is my favarite cigar. Good flaver thru the smoke. A good 45min relaxing smoke and wiskey typeof cigar
CAO America,5 out of 5,Always 👍🏻 great,"C AO 🤩👍🏻 Allways excellent 👌 these are no exception, they are exceptional. 👍🏻 I highly enjoyed& recommend these cigars."
CAO America,5 out of 5,Outstanding,I think this CEO America Potomac is one of the finest cigars I believe I've ever smoked it is a smooth smoke but has a nice bite I will definitely buy these cigars again it's on the top of my favorites list
CAO America,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,These cigars are amazing!
CAO America,4 out of 5,Good smoke but ring gage a little small,The smoke was typical good CAO. For the cost I would expect the ring gage a little larger.
CAO America,5 out of 5,Always have these in my,Always have these in my humidor. Great smoke. Even slow burn. Never lets me down.
CAO America,5 out of 5,Simply Wonderful!,Awesome!
CAO America,3 out of 5,CAO America Monument,"I enjoy the flavor, however I prefer a tighter wrap, it begins to breakdown and separate during the smoke, thus the medium grade. Some good, some bad. Thanks for the awesome service in regards to order processing and shipping."
CAO America,5 out of 5,Awesome smoke would highly recommended,Awesome smoke would highly recommended
CAO America,4 out of 5,Really Enjoyed the NUB Cigars,Really Enjoyed the NUB Cigars
CAO America,5 out of 5,Delicious,My new favorite cigar!!!
CAO America,5 out of 5,Making America smokes great again,A genuine pleasure to sit and spend quality time with
CAO America,3 out of 5,Good ring size. Taste a,Good ring size. Taste a bit sharp.
CAO America,5 out of 5,Awesome,You can go wrong with the CAO brand.
CAO America,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"One of my Favorite Cigars, great flavor all the way through."
CAO America,5 out of 5,Go to cigar,"This is one of the best out there, it’s my go to cigar for a daily smoke. Thanks CI."
CAO America,5 out of 5,Solid Built Cigar,"I found the CAO Landmark to be a solidly built cigar with a good taste. It seemed to be super dense, and burned nicely right to the end. I would highly recommend giving them a try."
CAO America,4 out of 5,Long live America!,"Great packaging and branding. Bought these for the 4th, for obvious reasons. Smoked great and have purchased several times since.
Thanks for quick delivery."
CAO America,5 out of 5,Great,Great
CAO America,5 out of 5,America,Great smoke never disappoints
CAO America,4 out of 5,Great smooth flavor,Great smooth flavor
CAO America,5 out of 5,God bless CAO America,"I thought the CAO America would be all looks and no performance. I was wrong. It looks great, but tastes better. It is now one of my favorites. Just bought a box."
CAO America,4 out of 5,Not bad!,Bold body. Burns fast at the end but long-lasting.
CAO America,5 out of 5,Tasty,"nice, smooth and tasty"
CAO America,4 out of 5,Good everyday smoke,A good everyday smoke for a medium body smoker.
CAO America,5 out of 5,A truly great cigar.,"These CAO, Americas are full of flavor, burn evenly and are easy on the palate. Very enjoyable smoke."
CAO America,4 out of 5,great smoke,great smoke smooth and even flavor
CAO America,5 out of 5,"Flavor is good, but flavor","Flavor is good, but flavor aside for a moment...this has to be the most nicely crafted cigar there is. Extremely solid and firm, perfectly round, the classy and appropriately patriot band, and topped off with the very nice pen stripe."
CAO America,5 out of 5,Love all cao cigars,Love all cao cigars
CAO America,5 out of 5,A true piece of Americana.,A very well constructed cigar with an even burn. And great tastes of pepper and a hint of chocolate. Def one of my go to’s.
CAO America,5 out of 5,Cao America,"Great cigar, just the right size for a winter outdoor smoke!"
CAO America,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Very good smoke...I've tried several CAO cigars and these are the better.
CAO America,5 out of 5,CAO America,Smoked all the way down and never lost the flavor. Did not get hash. enjoyable to the end. Will definitely order again.
CAO America,5 out of 5,America,"Excellent cigar, smooth flavor from foot to head, one of my favorite to have with my morning coffee. You can never go wrong with any CAO cigars"
CAO America,5 out of 5,One of my favorite cigars,One of my favorite cigars
CAO America,5 out of 5,The CAO America Landmark in,"The CAO America Landmark in my view is a very good smoke, good flavor, and I enjoy the band. My only knock on this cigar is a 60 ring guage is a little to big, that issue doesn't stop me from buying the cigar.."
CAO America,4 out of 5,CAO America,If you want my feedback then pay me.
CAO America,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Very consistent smoke.
CAO America,5 out of 5,Captain America (CAO) to the rescue!,"I may be Canadian, but i do like Merica. This is another excellent cigar from CAO. It is always a conversation piece the first time someone sees it, and again when they smoke it. The usual good quality from CAO, granted i have had draw problems from these in the past. If you haven't tried CAO, i guess you are under a rock, then get out in the sun and try this unique cigar."
CAO America,3 out of 5,need in a smaller ring,need in a smaller ring size/
CAO America,4 out of 5,"CAO is great, but this had a tight draw.","I've smoked several CAO's and never had a bad one. These were nice, but more than half I ordered had a really tight draw. I eased this a bit with a poker, but they were still tight. Overall a nice smoke, though."
CAO America,5 out of 5,CAO Potomac,CAO Potomac
CAO America,5 out of 5,Great smoke.,Good burn and flavor. My personal favorite from CAO.
CAO America,4 out of 5,4+,Great smoke. Even burning and great body from beginning to end.
CAO America,5 out of 5,'Merica,"I absolutely love this particular cigar. I like the taste, the stronger than medium nicotine rush. I like the even burn, and the wrapper matches my motorcycle."
CAO America,5 out of 5,CI Nation delivers again,"In the cigar world, double wraps can be a good smoke, ""if they don't fall apart"" but don't worry CI's America series are in perfect shape and the savory chocolate from the maduro wrap enhances the flavor profile. Smooth and delicious sums it up."
CAO Black,4 out of 5,Black gothic,Very nice smoke
CAO Black,4 out of 5,Nice taste,Nice taste smokes evenly and smooth
CAO Black,4 out of 5,Smooth in a nice flavor,Smooth in a nice flavor
CAO Black,5 out of 5,Good cigar,Very good smokes well great smooth taste medium cigar would definetly purchase again
CAO Black,5 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth
CAO Black,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Smooth and great burn not to light
CAO Black,5 out of 5,Smooth but thick smoke for,Smooth but thick smoke for a small cigar with flavors getting more intense towards the last third of it. Great burn from a well made cigar
CAO Black,4 out of 5,Good cigars Great deals,"Good cigars
Great deals"
CAO Black,5 out of 5,Enjoyable!,"Love love love! Tightly rolled for a smooth draw, great smell and taste and just a very enjoyable stick!"
CAO Black,5 out of 5,What can I say about,What can I say about CAO good quality and nice flavor
CAO Black,4 out of 5,very nice smoke,"Tried this cigar for first time. Smooth easy burn, rich deep smoke. Burned even all the way down. Will definitely purchase again."
CAO Black,5 out of 5,i like them,i like them
CAO Black,5 out of 5,Excellent cigars,Excellent cigars
CAO Black,5 out of 5,Love this one!,Love this one!
CAO Black,4 out of 5,Small gauge but nice clean,"Small gauge but nice clean easy smoke, burns slow"
CAO Black,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Very smooth.
CAO Black,5 out of 5,A surprise new favorite!,"Decided to try the CAO Black on a whim, because I haven’t had a CAO I didn’t like, and I am glad!  The mildest CAO I have smoked.  CAO knows how to create a fine cigar with great flavor without being overwhelming (the Brazilia is my favorite, full bodied but always smooth throughout).  Comes with a cedar wrap, which made the pre-light pass under the nose quite nice.  This cigar was a Mosaic (Corona), a bit light in the hand but it was very well made and held the ash for at least two inches.  Disarming in appearance with a very nice Connecticut seed wrapper, the habano binder boosts the flavor very nicely.  There was no significant build up, but was immediately flavorful, creamy mellow with a hint of spice.  Not especially complex, it remained consistent until the end.  A new favorite to be stocked in the humidor! "
CAO Black,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Great smoke.
CAO Black,3 out of 5,Cao Black,OK but not my favorite CAO. Draw is a little tight and flavor does not suit my taste.
CAO Black,5 out of 5,New fav to keepp in stock,"Decided to try the CAO Black on a whim because I haven’t had a CAO I didn’t like, and I am glad! The mildest CAO I have smoked. CAO knows how to create a fine cigar with great flavor without being overwhelming (the Brazilia is my favorite, full bodied but always smooth throughout). Comes with a cedar wrap, which made the pre-light pass under the nose quite nice. This cigar was a Mosaic (Corona), a bit light in the hand but it was very well made and held the ash for at least two inches. Disarming in appearance with a very nice Connecticut seed wrapper, the Habano binder boosts the flavor just right. There was no significant build up, but was immediately flavorful, creamy mellow with a hint of spice. Not especially complex, it remained consistent until the end. A new favorite to be stocked in the humidor!"
CAO Black,4 out of 5,Good consistent smoke,"Each stick has been consistent and enjoyable. Good flavor, good aroma, well made."
CAO Black,5 out of 5,Great quality,"Perfect size smoke for me, great medium taste."
CAO Black,4 out of 5,CAO Black Frontier,Has a good draw. Flavorful.
CAO Black,5 out of 5,Better than I thought,I bought these based on the reviews and was pleasantly surprised what a nice flavour they have. It's a nice mild taste. A very nice smoke
CAO Black,4 out of 5,Nice bang for the buck!,You’ll never go wrong with CAO. Nice cigar mellow and easy on the palate!
CAO Black,5 out of 5,Great taste,Great taste
CAO Black,4 out of 5,Excellent construction as always from CAO,"Very well constructed which has been a constant experience with CAO cigars, and smooth smoking."
CAO Black,5 out of 5,CAO knock out,awesome smoke!!!
CAO Black,4 out of 5,Smooth and light,This is a good daytime summer pontoon cruise cigar. Or sittin round the bonfire
CAO Black,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,Excellent smoke
CAO Black,4 out of 5,Good mild stick,Good mild stick
CAO Black,4 out of 5,"Good cigar, tight draw","Really nice cigar, just a little bit tight on draw, but with some work it’s manageable."
CAO Black,4 out of 5,My favorite brand,I love CAO cigars. And these beauties live up to the CAO name. My favorite are Brazilia
CAO Black,4 out of 5,"Okay, not my best cigar","Okay, not my best cigar"
CAO Black,4 out of 5,"An excellent cigar, never disappoints.","An excellent cigar, never disappoints. Burns great, draw, tons of smoke, burns cool. No complaints"
CAO Black,4 out of 5,my bad. not happy with,my bad. not happy with the ring size
CAO Black,3 out of 5,Small in size and taste.,Small in size and taste. With this bigger is better
CAO Black,4 out of 5,Good,"Smooth draw, even burn. Generally a creamy mouth feel and pleasant taste."
CAO Black,5 out of 5,CAO Black,"The CAO Black is one of my top five cigars. Smooth, balanced, easy draw and wonderful wrapper."
CAO Black,4 out of 5,Pretty Good Smoke,I love the cedar wrapper to light it makes a huge difference if you dont use it
CAO Black,4 out of 5,Really like the smooth taste,Really like the smooth taste
CAO Black,5 out of 5,Great after-dinner cigar. Not too,"Great after-dinner cigar. Not too full, not too light."
CAO Black,5 out of 5,These are really good cigars!,"The description said that they are consistently a favorite, and I don't disagree! These are a really good smoke which I will be buying again."
CAO Black,5 out of 5,Silky,"These CAO Black are some of my favorites. Wonderfully rolled, with a just easy enough draw, these cigars blow smooth, silky rings. For me, they smoke medium to full body strength, with rich flavors of almond, black tea, milk chocolate and a touch of leather. I highly recommend."
CAO Black,4 out of 5,Good Cigar,Good Cigar
CAO Black,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,"I am a medium cigar smoker, so this was perfect. Nice smooth draw, and the longer you smoke this, the better it tastes."
CAO Black,5 out of 5,What's with the tape?,"Lovely cigar. Friendly, tasty, balanced. Very well made. My only problem was the packaging. The cedar is held together with a piece of cellophane tape. Annoying and pointless."
CAO Black,5 out of 5,Top shelf,"A classic, one of CAO's best along with the America and Brazilia"
CAO Black,5 out of 5,good cigar for the money,good cigar for the money
CAO Black,5 out of 5,In a word? Awesome!,"These are some of the best I've had, and I try a lot of cigars. Copious amounts of rich, thick smoke, perfect burn, but what I like the most is the consistency. Every single one is a pleasure. One light and you're done. CAO should give lessons on rolling. No other cigar has given me such pleasure, and that's what it's all about, right? Buy some, you won't be disappointed."
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,CAO Brazilia Gol,Great cigar!
CAO Brazilia,4 out of 5,Both are good cigars,Both are good cigars
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,quality,nice flavor and good quality rolled
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Great,Great
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,My Favorite,I love this cigar
CAO Brazilia,4 out of 5,Full bodied a goo change,Full bodied a goo change of pace for me . This is my 4th 5 pack and I'll be back!!!
CAO Brazilia,4 out of 5,All good smokes,All good smokes
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Good cigars,Good cigars
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Fabulous and satisfying smoke!!,"These are certainly one of my most favorite cigars. Solid taste from beginning to end, ash is solid but air flow is consistent. That strong Maduro taste is heaven to the palette. One of the best attributes is no bitterness at all. Simply smooth and tasty. After a long ride on the Harley there's hardly anything better than this cigar, a few fingers of scotch and a comfy chair under the tree. Highly recommended!!"
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Recommend,"Smoked very well, no issues. Great tasting. Would definitely buy again"
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Good heavy smoke for after,Good heavy smoke for after dinner.
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Nice and fresh,Nice and fresh
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,cigars are great!!,cigars are great!!
CAO Brazilia,3 out of 5,Good flavor,Good flavor
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Awesome,Awesome
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Consistently Good,"These Have become my favorite cigar by far. The taste is consistent box after box. The smoke is smooth, the cigar burns evenly all the time, we’ll worth the price. It is a stronger tasting cigar, but my long time favorites."
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Favorite,"This has been one of my favorites for years, almost 20 yrs to be exact."
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar!,Excellent cigar!
CAO Brazilia,4 out of 5,A well made delicious cigar.,A well made delicious cigar.
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Nice group,The sampler was Excellent..
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,You want be disappointed with,You want be disappointed with this stick.
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Good,Good
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Great Cigars! Great Price!,Great Cigars! Great Price!
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,One of the finest blends,One of the finest blends with an easy draw and a consistent burn
CAO Brazilia,3 out of 5,Every day smoke!,"This is a every day smoke. Good with a sweet tea,coffee, or cognac."
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,good quality,good quality
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Very good smoke!,Very good smoke!
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Great cigars. Thank you for,Great cigars. Thank you for getting them to me so fast!!!
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,CAO Brazillia Gol,"Personally, the best cigar I have ever smoked, been smoking them for years. It is always consistent, well constructed, never disappointing."
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,My favorite cigar!,My favorite cigar!
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Brazilia bomb,Great flavor and aroma but not overbearing for a dark cigar. These are smooth and rich. One of my go to favs.
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,"Good smoke, even draw, leather,","Good smoke, even draw, leather, earthy, subtle black pepper. Pairs well with a good porter."
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Dark beauty Brazilia,"Dark cigar which is surprisingly smooth, thought it would hit harder but it is pleasant to smoke, try it for sure."
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Surprisingly nice...,"Bold flavors, nice burn. Great after a nice steak or roast with a glass of bourbon..."
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Great,Definitely one of my top 10 goes great with a string cup of coffee.
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,One of the tastiest cigars,One of the tastiest cigars no matter how it is rolled.
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Great Cigars,Great Cigars
CAO Brazilia,4 out of 5,"Good but, I had better...","Good but, I had better..."
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,CAO Brazilia Go,"My favorite CAO, its a smooth and aromatic light smoke."
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Great cigar!!,Great cigar!!
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Well made,"Well made cigar that burns evenly, slowly and stays lit throughout the entire smoking experience...almost like smoking a Gordo."
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,CAO all great cigars,"If you have not tried a CAO, buy some with your next order. I have bought a box of each and they just don't disappoint. Great draw, construction and flavor. Love these cigars"
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Great,Love these cigars and love box press as they fit in the humidor so well.
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,All cigars will be a,All cigars will be a good suprise.I was impress with the scorpion
CAO Brazilia,4 out of 5,One of my favs,One of my favs
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Perfection,Perfect as always
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,CAO does it again!!!!!,"This is a terrific everyday or on the golf course cigar. My personal opinion is this is a medium to full smoke, not a full flavor. But, it is rich and smooth that burns evenly and the ash hangs on for a good 2"". I am a big CAO can of the world additions, like America, Italia and Columbian, not to mention the Honor series. Thank you CI and CAO for offering such wonderful sticks for an old golfer like me."
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Goaaaaaaaaal!,This one score a goal with me. Great cigar!
CAO Brazilia,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,Fantastic smooth mellow cigar enjoyed,Fantastic smooth mellow cigar enjoyed it very much😊👍
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,My go to cigar.,My go to cigar.
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,Fantastic,"Quickly became one of my favorites, burns nice and even with a solid but nice flavor not too mellow and not too bold just hit the spot."
CAO Colombia,3 out of 5,Smooth and mild,"This is a good beginner cigar. The flavor profile is milder than I prefer, but very smooth. Great construction and even burn, though. CAO has a good lineup, but this one is the least impressive I've had."
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,Tinto: These just went into my top 5!,"What a pleasant surprise this little cigar was! Great flavors of nutty dried fruit goodness in a smooth smoking, leathery, non-spicy cigar. Dead even burn. Cool, easy draw. Volumous, aromatic smoke plumes. Immaculate construction."
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,One of the best.,"One of the best and smoothest cigars i've ever smoked! It is flavorful without imposing and the draw is wonderful. If time is not an issue, it's a great one to sit back and enjoy."
CAO Colombia,4 out of 5,Love the unique flavors in,Love the unique flavors in this cigar.
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,new one,"Nice cigar, smooth"
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,Nutty cigar,I don’t normally write reviews but this cigar was slapping. I’m a once a week cigar guy I don’t normally smoke the same cigar twice unless I really enjoy it. But I’d buy a box of these things. The nuttiness on this thing was off the charts but not in a bad way if I wasn’t in a dry country it would have paired perfect with a a cold light beer. The smoke tasted like a peanut from Texas Roadhouse. Amazing cigar CAO doesn’t disappoint on this one.
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,Awesome stick,Love this stick. Not the best I ever had but a very enjoyable cigar. Real smooooooth!
CAO Colombia,4 out of 5,"Very good, mild cigar","Very good, mild cigar"
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,Karl G.,Excellent blend of aged tobaccos. It has a smooth draw and an even burn. The Colombia and Nicaragua are tops in my humidor.
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,I could eat the ashes!,"This is my number 1!! Burns evenly, great construction. Blah blah but it tastes amazing!! I feel like I could eat the ashes when I’m done. First time a 5x50 feels small. I need more!! I wonder if anything else tastes like this; I haven’t found any."
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,CAO Colombia Tinto,"This cigar is a winner! Smooth upon lighting, easy draw and stays lit even in breezy conditions. Medium and toasty throughout with a slight sweet after taste. These are right up there with the Flathead for taste - will be buying these again - thanks CI!"
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,Great cigar for the novice smoker!,I’m a complete newbie when it comes to cigar smoking. Got this one in a sampler and enjoyed it a lot. Smooth pull and it didn’t get hot or rough even down to two finger widths. It didn’t make me feel sick or nauseous halfway through like some heavier smokes I’ve had. 5/5 would totally recommend to a novice cigar smoker like myself!
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,CA O My O My,The Colombia robusto is really good. Everything is excellent. Construction and draw check. Slow cool even burn. Smooth medium body. Silky texture of smoke. Delicious. Toasty and nutty and wood with some cherry. And a complex feel on the palate. This was out of a sampler I bought here Joes Daily Deal on sale with free shipping. Give these a try.
CAO Colombia,4 out of 5,Nice cigar at a budget price,"Got one of these in Make me an Offer, and really enjoyed it"
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,Delicious Cigars,"good quality, nice and delicious cigars. thanks."
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,CAO Colombia,I enjoy them
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,Nice and Mild,Very good and mild smoke. Nice quality cigar.
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,CAO,Great smoke
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,Solid Stick,CI's description is dead on.One of my go to sticks.
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,Great smoke at a great,Great smoke at a great price
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,CAO,Very nice
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,very nice,very nice
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,Good Cigar,One of the best
CAO Colombia,4 out of 5,A comfortable cigar,"Take your time, as usual, and enjoy."
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,Great smokes,I gave them to a cigar lover who told me these are terrific!
CAO Colombia,3 out of 5,Hard draw,Hard draw
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,real nice,real nice
CAO Colombia,3 out of 5,Ok smoke,Just ok for the price
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,Cao Columbia Tinto,Awesome cigars!
CAO Colombia,4 out of 5,Very good tasting cigar,Very good tasting cigar
CAO Colombia,4 out of 5,Good cigar,"Nice smooth flavor, good burning and just a delight for an evening smoke"
CAO Colombia,4 out of 5,CAO,I find that CAO cigars are a very consistent and enjoyable smoke
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,Cao sticks,I can say without any reservation this is my FAVORITE 😃👍 very consistent!!!!
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,CAO,"Love them and Cigars International.
Thank you!"
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good everyday smoke.
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,Great Cigar!,"CAO Columbia Tinto, is a great cigar that smokes really well."
CAO Colombia,4 out of 5,Great cigar,This is an attractive cigar. From the color of the wrapper and the Columbia labeling it all produces and smooth and tasty treat
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,Love it!,Love it!
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,Great stick,Great stick
CAO Colombia,4 out of 5,"Smooth taste, not bitter","Smooth taste, not bitter"
CAO Colombia,4 out of 5,Like the taste because it,Like the taste because it is mild. A bit bitter as you get to the wrapper.
CAO Colombia,4 out of 5,GREAT CIGAR,"I received a CAO Columbia in an assortment package, when I smoked it it was a very smooth smoke no harshness at all, lots of smoke and good right down to the nub. I smoked Punch Rothchilds before I tried the CAO and now I am a convert. Thanks CI"
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,One of my absolute favorites,One of my absolute favorites
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,My daily go-to smoke,"Smooth, flavorfull not-too-bold smoke that stays lit throughout. The robusto is a perfect size for me. Highly recommend."
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,Great smoke 😎,Great smoke 😎
CAO Colombia,4 out of 5,Excellent 5 x 50 cigar,Nice smoth mellow taste all around excellent smoke
CAO Colombia,5 out of 5,Great,great cigar!!
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,"Nice, smooth draw. Good smoke.","Nice, smooth draw. Good smoke. Enjoyable."
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,Consigliere Soldier,Another excellent smoke by CAO
CAO Consigliere,4 out of 5,Nice,Really nice. Really really nice. Would never turn one down. Would buy again. And I love the name.
CAO Consigliere,4 out of 5,Well worth every penny!!!,Wonderful relaxing stick!
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,"Woke up this morning, got myself a Consigliere...",Tony would be proud. Little Stevie would sing about it. One of my favorites. Great taste and even smoke.
CAO Consigliere,4 out of 5,Cao consigliere,One of my favorite sticks
CAO Consigliere,4 out of 5,My favorite cigars of all,My favorite cigars of all time
CAO Consigliere,4 out of 5,CAO,"I started with Cao and the Consigliereis just one more success that the brand has made, smooth taste, with i nice consistency in it's burn. Keep up the good work! Smoke on."
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,Great after dinner stick.,Excellent!!!
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,As good as they were before!,I was a huge fan of these when they first came out. These are just as good if not better!! Will order more
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,NICE SMOKE,ON OF MY FAVORITE CIGARS FROM MY FAVORITE MAKER. NEVER DISAPPOINTS.
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,Great cigar. One of my,Great cigar. One of my favorites.
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,One of my favorites,A go-to cigar for anytime. Always keep a box in the humi.
CAO Consigliere,4 out of 5,Very nice Cigar,Seems to be pretty uniform form order to order
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,CAO Consigliere associate,"Great cigar, one of my favorites."
CAO Consigliere,4 out of 5,CAO,"Good smoke, even burn, good draw."
CAO Consigliere,1 out of 5,Dried Out Cigars,They arrived and were totally dried out.. I even paid extra for shipping.. Very dissappointed in way it was delivered..
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,Hidden Gem,"Smoke a lot of CAOs, this is probably my favorite. Full of flavor and burns evenly."
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,forgetaboutit !,"Really great smoke, don't tell nobody I said so."" Snitches get stitches"""
CAO Consigliere,4 out of 5,Made an offer I couldn't almost refuse.,"Not a bad smoke at all. Nice draw and great smoke. Smooth flavor. Not bad for a part II of the Sopranos, though a little pricey for the leaf in my opinion. Will go for the Flathead next time."
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,CAO,I was extremely happy to see theses come back after they got rid of the Soprano series of cigars. All I can say is AWESOME!!!!!
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,Awesome cigar and awesome place to get them.,I just started ordering from the company and I have no complaints. The cao consigliere were outstanding. One of the best I have ever had. I don’t know what others are bitching about but I ordered from you five times and no issues. Keep up the great customer service and you will have a customer for life !
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,A Great Cigar with a Great CI Price,Is this a SOPRANO Clone? Without the Great CI price I would still call it a 4-5 star. The Stick is awesome through all thirds. No construction or burn issues. A medium flavorful experience. Its better than some of the 96 rated Olivas I have tried. CAO has some GREAT cigars like the ITALIA and MX2. This ones on the BUY list too.
CAO Consigliere,4 out of 5,Close,A bit off the mark from it's original incarnation but still a solid smoke.
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,very satisfied,"Was not disappointed good draw good even burn great taste with a nice scotch or jameson 12 year old waiting on my next
order."
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,Very. Good. Cigar...,Very. Good. Cigar...
CAO Consigliere,4 out of 5,Consigliere Associate,"Very nice cigar, I’m glad I got ‘em."
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,Good lite up,Even smoke good regular burn and 90 minutes
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,Cao soldiers,I love them glad to see y’all have them
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,So glad CAO resurrected this one!,"I loved the old CAO Sopranos Associate cigar and was sad to see it go, and then it was resurrected in the Consigliere Associate. Great medium to full stick with amazing taste all the way through."
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,Great,Cigar
CAO Consigliere,3 out of 5,Was ok,"I was hoping the were like the sopranos, a little disappointed. Next box will be mx 2."
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,Cigars made for The Boss!,Great cigars! Nice even burn and great flavor. It is definitly a decedinate of the Saprono series.
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,The boss for a reason,"Excellent burn, nice draw, great taste. Happy with my purchase. Definitely one of my favorite CAO"
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,Still a Boss.,"This is a worthy successor of the Sopranos edition of yesteryear. It is a bit mmore loosely constructed, but its flavor is wonderfly true to the Sopranos."
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,Good Cigar,"I normally smoke medium bodied cigars. A friend highly recommended the Consigliere cigars, and I will say that I am impressed! Nice even burn, a smooth draw, and not too overpowering for a medium-full bodied cigar. This is a good cigar!"
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,Consigliere,Delicious first puff to last. Stays lit. Smooth smoke all the way.
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,Consigliere is a winner!,The CAO Consigliere Associate is a medium full cigar with a rich flavor. Smooth burn with a long white ash. Strongly recommend
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Fantastic cigar lives up to its predecessor. Only complaint I have is they came out of the box quite dry
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,very good cigar,"this is a rebranded cigar from the original Soprano cigars, which were very expensive, these are very affordable now and a very good cigar for taste and flavor........I give it a 4.75 out of 5 and really good value now."
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,Consigliere Replaces/Improves Soprano,When the Soprano was available it was about the only cigar I smoked. When it was stopped I looked for something similar to replace it. I really did not find one to my liking. I had read reviews of the Consigliere that compared it favorably to the Soprano. I agree with the previous reviews. The Consigliere did not disappoint.
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,CAO Consigliere,"Surprisingly good smoke. I tend to shy away from cigars that have a “Hollywood” type name. A BnM salesperson recommendation that I try one, said that, I would not be disappointed. He was right, it’s a surprisingly good smoke."
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,What a surprise :-o,I fully enjoyed these. box was gone before I knew. I would recommend these hands down!
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,CAO consigliere,Always a good smoke very dependable.
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,GREAT Cigars,"A good friend handed me a CAO Consigliere, which is now a favorite. Then placed an order with CI and it showed up 2 days later standard shipping. Needless to say I was very happy about that. I'm a little over halfway through the box and everyone has been great, very smooth throughout the entire smoke."
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,Very Nice,Nice wrap even ash tons of smoke and a great finish
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"CAO has made a great cigar. Great taste, good draw and Great construction. An after dinner favorite. Definately a 93 or 94 quality."
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,Return of the Don,"Fantastic cigar! As a fan of the CAO Sopranos Edition, I was disappointed when the blend was discontinued in 2013; it is my favorite smoke. I had a feeling it would be back, and just as good as before!
A nice chocolate & leather start, nutty middle, and earthy goodness to the last inch.
The Sopranos Edition had the unfortunate tendency to have voids that caused uneven burn; I have not encountered that issue with the Consigliere thus far. The Sopranos edition were also slightly ugly w/ veiny wrappers; again, the Consigliere are an improvement over the original.
A sole complaint. The red box of the Consigliere isn't as well constructed as the trunk-inspired box of the Sopranos Edition. When the CI box arrived the first things I noticed about the Consigliere box were that it was more of a typical square box, and the smell of fresh paint. The box wasn't tacky, but it was obviously fresh. The cigars were quickly liberated & stored in a humidor, and a smell test along the way confirms they didn't take up the fresh paint smell. Still, if any of these remain in the box too long, I'd be concerned about it.
The current lineup doesn't have the special Tony Soprano size. I still have one in the humidor I'm saving for a special occasion. Otherwise, the associate size is a darn-near perfect cigar."
CAO Consigliere,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,One of the finest cigars I have ever tried... will definitely order again
CAO Consigliere,4 out of 5,Excellent cigar!,"I love these lil' guys! These have been my favorite smoke blend since originally introduced as ""Sopranos Edition"" in 2005. T'was a shame when they were discontinued in 2013, but I hoped CAO would reintroduce the blend sooner or later. I Still have a couple Associate left w/ the Sopranos band & a single ""Tony Soprano"" sized that I'm saving for a special occasion.
This is a rich smoke, with a leather & cinnamon start, chocolate & nutty middle, and sort of creamy finish. These are a very slow burn, it'll take me about two hours to enjoy one straight out of the box after liberating them from the UPS driver. Taste-test is in progress.
The comparison to the original is inevitable, and the Sopranos Edition were not without flaws. They were a bit veiny depending on the batch, and it tended to get worse the larger the size. I stuck w/ Associate after a while b/c they had the fewest issues, IMHO. Several had inconsistent draw and/or ""voids"" in the middle of the cigar that resulted in uneven burn.
Many cigars gave their lives to bring you this information.
The Consigliere I'm in the middle of ""taste-testing"" is very close to the original; but it lacks some of the depth. That could be the result of my original Sopranos Edition cigars having spent several years in a humidor; these could be fresh & need time to season. However it doesn't have the eyesore issues of the old version, not veiny or over-hard, and the burn has been even to what is approaching the halfway point.
So far I'm quite satisfied, and will be buying more of these in the near future; just to replenish my supply."
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,Very tasty,Will definitely buy again!
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,excellent,excellent
CAO Extreme,4 out of 5,4.5 stars,"In my experience, CAO Extreme consistently delvers a REALLY tasty smoke at a reasonable price. (and sometimes there is a ridiculously good deal!) It burns evenly with plenty of smoke output and the flavors are as pretty much as described, though I don’t get a ton of black pepper. Toast, nuts and oak... just really good! Go for it!"
CAO Extreme,4 out of 5,"Good smoke, full bodied, professional","Good smoke, full bodied, professional grade, not for amatures"
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,Excellent Stick,Excellent stick.
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,Great Smoke!,"These are awesome. They burn really well, I keep trying others and keep going back to these."
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,Going to be hard to beat this one,"Excellent cigar as usual from CAO. Burns good and long. Very strong and flavorful until it gets too hot to hold onto anymore, right down to burning your fingers. Notes of chocolate all the way through, with a bit of salt appearing towards the second half. Very pleasant smoke. Will be buying more."
CAO Extreme,4 out of 5,"Well constructed, good flavor","These are good cigars! My experience has been a good draw and burn, which are important to me--I smoke maybe one cigar a day, and I want it to be a great experience. The flavor is good on these, I'd say medium-plus body, and they are good till you burn your fingers. I will buy again."
CAO Extreme,4 out of 5,A cigar for a real man.,Strong & full bodied. Hint of chocolate & nuts. Great smoke!
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,nice smoke,nice smoke
CAO Extreme,4 out of 5,not too bad,Had nice leather notes with some salt notes on the second half.
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,Little But Mighty,"Great smoke, like all of the CAO line. Good price makes it better."
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,one of the best,one of the best
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,Excellent CAO,These were awesome. I went through the entire box with not one issue. Got them on sale so that was a bonus. Very smooth end to end. My palate is not so refined but these guy's just taste wonderful. No harshness or bitter taste at all and was able to smoke each one down to where I just could not hold it anymore. As far as strength they are a medium-full in my book. I will buy these every time they go on sale.
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,WOW!!,WOW!! is all I'm gonna say. Very smooth and tasty! Will be ordering more!
CAO Extreme,4 out of 5,CAO Extreme,Strong but smooth
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,Excellent.,"Long even burning, white ash, good taste, especially when dunked in your bourbon or brandy drink after dinner. Prefer 50 and above rings 5 to 6 inches long. Not enough time for longer ones."
CAO Extreme,4 out of 5,Good addition to the CAO family,Coffee and nutty. Good overall smoke. CAO as usual does a great job.
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,Great buy!,Great buy!
CAO Extreme,4 out of 5,Ugly wrapper,"Only thing that keeps this stick from being a 5 star is the wrapper. The wrapper kept me from trying it for awhile, but when I finally did...I was blown away. Totally a great smoke ."
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,CAO Extreme,"A very good full flavored smoke. Not overpowering but takes you to flavortown. Great with a cup of good coffee in the morning, as well as an adult beverage in the evening. Looks a little rough but the taste makes up for it.
I've smoked a half dozen from my box purchase and all burned straight and true. For the CI sale price, this robusto is tough to beat."
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,Good solid full flavor cigar,Good solid full flavor cigar
CAO Extreme,4 out of 5,"good burn, good draw, hints","good burn, good draw, hints of pepper...... good smoke"
CAO Extreme,4 out of 5,Cao robusto kudos,Delicious. Full of flavor. Super draw. Outstanding value
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar,Definitely a meaty and spicy cigar. Not too strong but strong enough. Blend produces a nice aromatic smoke that can fill a room with a nice aroma. Overall good construction good draw and very good flavor. At least in my opinion.
CAO Extreme,4 out of 5,Powerhouse,"Great flavor and burn. Draw is a little tight, but these are good cigars. Would purchase again"
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,Excellent,Very good cigar. Maintains flavor throughout
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,Excellent Smoke,Smooth and favorable smoke. Nice long smoke for it's size. Great cigar alone or with a drink
CAO Extreme,4 out of 5,Tasty,I enjoyed it
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,CAO,Great smoke
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,BEST CAO,This has become my go-to smoke. I always have these in my humidor.
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,Extreme!,I smoke one right out of the box and it was awesome. Deep and dark and yummy. One of my top five.
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,Great full body smoke. Got,Great full body smoke. Got these on Joe's Daily at a great priice.
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,Go-To Cigar,Always delicious and solid. Excellent daily value too. I always buy them when they are on sale because you just can’t go wrong.
CAO Extreme,4 out of 5,Happy with this stick,I can’t believe how good this stick is. I have had much more expensive cigars that weren’t as good. At this price you can’t afford not to try it.
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,Really like this one.,"Hard to believe so cheap priced. Chewy. Thick, a knee knocker for sure, but not over the top. Earthy leather core. Notes of Sweet pepper and spice on long finish. Not many transitions until last 4th of cigar, noticed an orange peel note on top of deeper earth flavor. Draw was snug, but not too tight."
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,Great cigar with very lil after taste. Very smoky and doesn't burn.
CAO Extreme,3 out of 5,Nuts.,I've ordered bundles of these cigars before and really like them this bundle that showed up has several cigars so far that are bad runs and burn unevenly.
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,I like my cigars Stout,I like my cigars Stout and this one fits the bill
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,CAO,Great deal !!!
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,Cao does it again,Cao does it again
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar,"The best cigar I’ve had in awhile! Great flavor, smooth with a nice draw. Will be ordering this one again!"
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,Is anyone home?,"I like to know that someone is home when I invest in my stogie time. Rich, full experience always confirms someone's home when I visit."
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,Always great,Full bodied and well rounded.
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,CAO Extreme,Excellent flavor and draw
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,A great smoke.,Definitely one of my two favorites. This and the Brazilia.
CAO Extreme,4 out of 5,CAO ROBUSTO,A great long lasting smoke
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,Better Than Expected,"I had been eying this CAO for awhile and finally bought a box to add into my humidor. After letting them rest for a month I light one up and was very much pleasantly surprised. The first cigar, and every subsequent one I smoked, were exceptionally good. Since trying to denote the flavor profile is subjective to each person, let me just say they are a smooth, medium to full bodied cigar that burnt slow and razor sharp; no touch ups needed, I am now on my third box and will keep them as part of my series of go to cigars."
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,Cao quad 4,One of there best cigars rich in flavor
CAO Extreme,5 out of 5,Great stik,Awesome
