prod_name,stars,review_title,review_body
Sublimes,5 out of 5,Go to cigar at a good price,"'Like this cigar but hard to find. Waited 20 minutes in line at the Big Smoke to try this cigar several years ago, and it was worth it. Good price by the box."
Sublimes,5 out of 5,The Best For A Great Price!,I love this cigar! This has become my #1!
Sublimes,4 out of 5,Good Smoke,Very nice flavor profile but I am giving in a 4 star due to construction and multiple burn outs. I would buy again though.
Sublimes,4 out of 5,Great Cigar for the Money,"Excellent appearance with an appealing wrapper, no large veins. Solid construction, easy draw and copious amount of smoke. Initially I tasted pepper, with nuts and a hint of vanilla. As the smoke progressed, the pepper subsided somewhat with the other flavores becoming more predominant. All in all, an excellent cigar with a medium - medium full profile. This cigar is deserving of its rating, and should be a great smoke for experienced smokers. A superior late afternoon or evening smoke, especially at its price."
Sublimes,4 out of 5,top 25 cigar,"i can understand why this cigar is so highly rated but i have a problem with the taste in the blend......i think most cigar smokers would love this cigar, just not for my taste"
Super-Premium 2nds,5 out of 5,Excellent value,"Well made, and taste great."
Super-Premium 2nds,5 out of 5,goood for the price,this is a nice daily cigar
Super-Premium 2nds,5 out of 5,goood for the price,this is a nice daily cigar
Super-Premium 2nds,5 out of 5,goood for the price,this is a nice daily cigar
Super-Premium 2nds,4 out of 5,Super premium 2 nds,"I bought these to fill my humidor, trouble is they go faster than I planned! Tasty medium to full body smoke. Good anytime."
Super-Premium 2nds,5 out of 5,Enjoyable,I like them that is why I bought them again
Super-Premium 2nds,5 out of 5,Enjoyable,"Very nice cigar for the price, I could enjoy them again and probably will nice out on the boat or the golf course."
Super-Premium 2nds,5 out of 5,Full body. Excellent,Full body. Good flavor. Burns perfectly.
Super-Premium 2nds,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"Great taste, nice even fairly slow burn on all the ones I have tried. Will be my new go to for sure."
Super-Premium 2nds,4 out of 5,Recommended with reservations,"Peppery. Well made. Does not hold its ash particularly well. A good value, but personally I think a no-brand second bundle cigar should cost less than two dollars. I will order these again. I enjoy the perfecto shape."
Super-Premium 2nds,4 out of 5,thumbs up,very nice every day cigar
Super-Premium 2nds,5 out of 5,Good cigar for the price,Good cigar for the price
Super-Premium 2nds,3 out of 5,Just OK,Not the best but not the worst either you get what you pay for
Super-Premium 2nds,4 out of 5,Big Surprise,Burns beautiful
Super-Premium 2nds,5 out of 5,More than happy,Evey bit a Punch Champion. Nothing amiss here. I will be ordering these again.
Super-Premium 2nds,4 out of 5,Great cigar with coffee.,These cigars grew on me. I wasn't sure if i would like these but they are have a good flavor. I will buy them again.
Super-Premium 2nds,4 out of 5,Very good for the price,Very good for the price
Super-Premium 2nds,4 out of 5,Great daily.,I have smoked many of these. This is my preference daily. Price and smoke quality hard to beat. Some need a little poke some lose the cap. All in all price and flavor are a deal for the price on fI'll flavors.
Super-Premium 2nds,5 out of 5,I'm enjoying one right now.,"I'm enjoying one right now. Draws nicely, burns nicely. What else needs to be said."
Super-Premium 2nds,5 out of 5,tasty,"hit the spot, tastes good but sometimes cracks"
Super-Premium 2nds,4 out of 5,Good deal for the money,Good deal for the money
Super-Premium 2nds,4 out of 5,ONLY HAD ONE SO FAR.,NOT BAD FOR THE PRICE!
Super-Premium 2nds,4 out of 5,Outstanding bundle!,Truly good smoke. Wish they came in toro size.
Super-Premium 2nds,4 out of 5,Flavorful,"Bold, leathery,"
Super-Premium 2nds,5 out of 5,Sometimes less is more,"After casting about for my ""ideal"" cigar, I keep returning to this humble choice. Just the right amount of bite and complexity--niether wussy nor overbearing. Of course it's subjective, and to each their own, but for my palate & wallet, Punch (to which this is most reminiscent) always hits the mark. Sure it's fun, and important, to try out anything I can get my mitts on. . . And to further develop my aesthetic appreciation for and my practical knowledge of cigars I will keep on trying all sorts. . . But so far, I'm quite satisfied with this one--the flavors (all the way down), the construction, and the price."
Super-Premium 2nds,4 out of 5,Don't Pass Up,"Wonderful smoke, especially for the money! Getting more right now!"
Super-Premium 2nds,5 out of 5,Good Smoke,These beauties are a perfect smoke about an hour and a little change not harsh good till the end burn is consistant. Great value for the money
Super-Premium 2nds,5 out of 5,2nds? Yes please!,I will be stocking up more of these. I discovered the Punch Classico and the Diablo and absolutely loved them. Size and shape of the perfecto gives a solid 20-30 min smoke. These little beauties I would put up against those any day. I’m about halfway through my pack and have had no major issues other than a few small runs here and there.
Super-Premium 2nds,5 out of 5,Yum!,"Dark, juicy, delicious puffer. Fragrant billows of smoke. Love it."
Super-Premium 2nds,5 out of 5,My new daily smoke,"These are terrific cigars. If you enjoy the Punch Champion, you'll enjoy these. Will definitely buy again."
Super-Premium 2nds,5 out of 5,Great cigars,Great cigars and great price
Super-Premium 2nds,5 out of 5,These are spectacular little beauties!,"These are spectacular little beauties!
Well constructed and tasty!"
Super-Premium 2nds,4 out of 5,They are well above their pay grade,"About the best seconds I have ever smoked. Construction is ok to good, they burn well, the draw was good. A wee bit ugly and a lot tasty. I'm trying the prefectos next"
Super-Premium 2nds,5 out of 5,Fantastic little everyday stick...,Fantastic little everyday stick...
Super-Premium 2nds,4 out of 5,Wonderful for the price,"Although these are seconds and you may find a small defect in a couple of the bunch, they are a pretty decent cigar. If you factor in the price and care about that sort of thing, they are nearly excelent. Some of the bad reviews talk about being too tight of draw but I havent encountered that yet, basically all the others mention problems that are solved by some time resting in a humidor. No cigar should be smoked the day you receive it in the mail, these even more so. Definitely a stick worth keeping around if you are budget conscious."
Super-Premium 2nds,4 out of 5,I enjoyed this cigar .Just,I enjoyed this cigar .Just has enough bite to get your attention. Draws evenly through out the smoke. I will buy them again
Super-Premium 2nds,4 out of 5,Great Smoke with a good price.,"This cigar has been my favorite smoke for years, unfortunately as time goes on the meudero wrapper gets lighter and lighter. I remember the days when the wrapper was almost black."
Super-Premium 2nds,5 out of 5,"2nds, but great cigars","Can’t tell why these would be 2nds, they are great everyday cigars"
Super-Premium 2nds,5 out of 5,"2nds, not really","Great little cigars, for a really nice price. Just an enjoyable everyday cigar."
Super-Premium 2nds,5 out of 5,Great bargain,"Excellent value!!! I’ve enjoyed these for past two years as my daily traveler cigar. Only had a couple of issues with them, burning in center of cigars. Still would recommend to anyone looking for a great bargain."
Super-Premium 2nds,4 out of 5,Very satisfying cigar in all,Very satisfying cigar in all respects.
Super-Premium 2nds,4 out of 5,Super-Premium 2nds,"This is going to be my everyday smoke...very good for a short smoke,it burns nice"
Super-Premium 2nds,4 out of 5,Super premium seconds,Excellent smoke for price. I wish it were offered in Toro or Torpedo size.
Super-Premium 2nds,4 out of 5,Good smoke.,These are a nice short smoke.
Super-Premium 2nds,5 out of 5,Great Lil smoke,I usually order the 4x50 size of these 2nds and those are my favorite little cigars. These are about as good and smoke a little longer. I’ll probably stick with the 4X50s but you can’t go work with these either. Great lil smokes.
Super-Premium 2nds,5 out of 5,Great inexpensive smoke,These are great for a relaxing short smoke. The construction is consistent and have good flavor. Great bargain if on a tight budget!
Super-Premium 2nds,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Flavorful tasty with a great draw
Super-Premium 2nds,5 out of 5,Good maduro,Punch Champions. One of my favorite cigars at a segundos price.
Super-Premium 2nds,5 out of 5,Great smoke for pennies on the dollar,What a pleasant surprise these have turned out to be. Bought these on a sales special. Boy am I glad I did. I can add these to my everyday smoke list. I have 3 large humidors at my home. I always have Brick house fumas& Fresh Rolled rosada's on hand as my everyday smokes. These will now join the family. You find much better at this price point. I smoke cigars mostly to relax. A nice drink & good cigar on my patio is wonderful way to end my day. These fit that bill. Thanks CI again!
Super-Premium 2nds,3 out of 5,They are okay.,They are okay.
Super-Premium Connecticut 2nds,5 out of 5,Don’t buy . I need to reorder first!,Great cigar when relaxing and sipping your favorite bourbon by the lake!
Super-Premium Rosado 2nds,4 out of 5,Good Value for the Price,"Burns evenly, not hot. Medium body, great for everyday smokes."
Super-Premium Rosado 2nds,3 out of 5,Nice and relaxing cigar,Nice and relaxing cigar
Super-Premium Rosado 2nds,5 out of 5,1st rate,"Great sticks for the price. After I puschased them I now shop 2nd's first to see what's for sale. Thank you CI!!
'"
Super-Premium Rosado 2nds,5 out of 5,Great quality,Great everyday cigar. I smoke one a day on the jobsite.
Super-Premium Rosado 2nds,5 out of 5,Nice smoke,"Great value, nice smoke"
Super-Premium Rosado 2nds,5 out of 5,Excellent stick for an everyday,Excellent stick for an everyday smoke.
Super-Premium Rosado 2nds,5 out of 5,Very nice cigsrs,Very nice cigsrs
Super-Premium Rosado 2nds,4 out of 5,"Nice draw, clean ash. Great","Nice draw, clean ash. Great value everyday smoke."
Super-Premium Rosado 2nds,4 out of 5,Good stick for the money,"Very good everyday stick. Smokes well, good draw, good roll, no loose ones yet. Will buy more"
Swisher Sweets BLK,5 out of 5,Great service,"Easy to use website.
Packages always show up when they say they will.
Packages are well shipped with little to no damage."
Swisher Sweets BLK,4 out of 5,Right on time,Right on time
Swisher Sweets BLK,3 out of 5,"They are ""ok"" but I","They are ""ok"" but I don't like filters and these have them. Flavor is ok though..."
Swisher Sweets BLK,5 out of 5,their ok,their ok
Swisher Sweets BLK,5 out of 5,The cigars are good you’re,The cigars are good you’re price is getting to high
Swisher Sweets BLK,5 out of 5,The cigars are good your,The cigars are good your price is getting to high
Swisher Sweets BLK,5 out of 5,I like them,They're my everyday smoke now.
Swisher Sweets BLK,5 out of 5,BLK,Very Satisfied Always
Swisher Sweets BLK,5 out of 5,They’re great,They’re great
Swisher Sweets BLK,5 out of 5,Swisher Swwts Black,Great cherry infused little cigarillos.
Swisher Sweets BLK,4 out of 5,good,"These are a good smoke if you like this type of item.
I enjoyed them."
Swisher Sweets BLK,5 out of 5,Original BLK Smooth at last...,"This 60Ct. Package holds the original smooth flavor it originally came with before Swisher sweets began to repackage them in the newer half orange and black 2Ct. Store production currently sold at selected gas stations...
I highly recommend the 60Ct. If you are looking for a really smooth pipe tobacco product with great flavor!"
Swisher Sweets BLK,5 out of 5,Efficient fast and of course smooth,Efficient fast and of course sooth
Swisher Sweets BLK,5 out of 5,Go to cigars,Great flavor. This is my go to cigar. Wish they sold the grapes like this.
Swisher Sweets BLK,5 out of 5,New to the Cigar game,New to the Cigar game these are good everyday go to at good price
Swisher Sweets BLK,4 out of 5,GREAT CIGAR BUT NEEDS IMPROVEMENT ON QUALITY CONTROL,"This is my brand. I smoke them daily. Although, 4/5 STARS due to the amount of imperfections with the cigars. There have been numerous times where the filter is clogged or the cigar allows air to come in not sealed properly due to not being sealed properly. Needs quality control improved! The taste and smoke is 5/5 though! Overall, the only brand/cigar I smoke!:)"
Swisher Sweets BLK,5 out of 5,Good taste and light,Good taste and light
Swisher Sweets BLK,5 out of 5,Cherry is great,Good little quick smoke
Swisher Sweets BLK,4 out of 5,BLK smooth,"Great little cigar,smooth as advertised"
Swisher Sweets BLK,5 out of 5,Best Deal,Bought them for a friend for his birthday. He absolutely loves them and they were cheaper then any where els
Swisher Sweets BLK,4 out of 5,good cigar,good cigar
Swisher Sweets BLK,5 out of 5,BLK Cherry,"I don't smoke that much ,but I really enjoy having this little cigarillo occasionally.I received my shipment in a timely manner and was very satisfied.Thank you,cigarsinternational.com"
Swisher Sweets BLK,5 out of 5,Gift,My husband likes the sweet swishers so I bought him some which I will give to him Christmas Day.
Swisher Sweets BLK,3 out of 5,Good smoking cigar,Good smoking cigar
Swisher Sweets BLK,5 out of 5,As expected,"I have had these before from the local cigar shop and convenience stores so I decided to buy in bulk. The only thing negative I can say is that I wish CI also carried the Smooth, and Berry flavors in these full box quantities."
Swisher Sweets BLK,5 out of 5,Oh man,"Great tasting, long lasting, great aroma. Well worth the purchase."
Swisher Sweets BLK,5 out of 5,sitting here right smoking a,"sitting here right smoking a great Swisher Sweets Black Cherry cigar.Great smoke,for a great price BUY !!!!!"
Swisher Sweets BLK,5 out of 5,A really nice easy smoke.,A really nice easy smoke. Exactly what i was looking for.
Swisher Sweets BLK,5 out of 5,BLK,"Smooth smokes, no bite."
Swisher Sweets BLK,5 out of 5,BLK CHERRY,AWESOME PRICE GREAT FLAVOR
Swisher Sweets BLK,5 out of 5,"Great smell, incredibly smooth.","Each one is individually wrapped and sealed to retain freshness. They smell wonderful, and do not leave you smelling like smoke afterwards, so they are ideal for someone who doesn't want to walk around smelling like an ash tray."
Swisher Sweets BLK,5 out of 5,smooth and right length for,smooth and right length for quick smoke break with the cig smokers.
Swisher Sweets BLK,5 out of 5,Smooth and lasting smoke.,Smooth and lasting smoke.
Swisher Sweets BLK,3 out of 5,Very mellow,Very good taste but not as strong as I like them to be.
Swisher Sweets BLK,5 out of 5,Very good little smoke. Wife,Very good little smoke. Wife likes the filters.
Swisher Sweets BLK,5 out of 5,BLK cherry,"Smooth, nice smelling aroma, people mainly like the smell instead of turning heads"
Swisher Sweets BLK,4 out of 5,Swisher BLK & Smooth,Good satisfying smoke. I come back to them time after time.
Swisher Sweets BLK,5 out of 5,great little cigar,All I can say they taste great.
Swisher Sweets BLK,5 out of 5,My wife enjoys them immensely.,"My wife enjoys them immensely. She indicates they a nice taste, mild to moderate and indeed “smoothe”. She has no idea they contain pipe tobacco."
Swisher Sweets BLK,5 out of 5,Very smooth....wife enjoys them also,Very smooth....wife enjoys them also
Swisher Sweets BLK,4 out of 5,Good little. Cigar,Good little. Cigar
Swisher Sweets BLK,5 out of 5,Swisher Sweet BLK Cherry,Great little cigar. I've even been asked by other cigar smokers what I am smoking because it smells so good.
Swisher Sweets BLK,4 out of 5,Very smooth,"I have dipped tobacco for 40yrs an I changed over to smoking I used those swisher sweets they smell like a good pipe tobacco..
The service from the company was great service an fast shipping.."
Swisher Sweets BLK,4 out of 5,Enjoying my cigars,My cigars finally arrived today only took 8 days from the date that i purchased them enjoying them i will be ordering more cigars in the future from this company
Swisher Sweets BLK,5 out of 5,Great product,We love both the cherry and the smooth but they always seem to be back ordered. It is frustrating.
Swisher Sweets BLK,5 out of 5,My wife's favorites,"I personally do not like these, but my wife loves them. The one thing that I can attest to is the aroma of the smoke is not bad at all. A very sweet cigar with smooth mild flavor and lots of aroma."
Swisher Sweets BLK,3 out of 5,Not for me,"These were purchased for my wife who is a big fan of the cherry flavored. She is not real big on the smooth and I personally do not like either. However, Swisher does produce a good product and as always CI shipped the order post haste. I am going to place another order for the cherry hopefully."
Swisher Sweets BLK,5 out of 5,The order was quick and simple! Great service!!!!,The order was quick and simple! Great service!!!!!
Swisher Sweets BLK,5 out of 5,product,great product love the pricing except for the backorder stuff
Swisher Sweets BLK,5 out of 5,Good prices and very good,Good prices and very good cigar if ur a cigar smoker this is place get them
Swisher Sweets Cigars and Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great prices,Easy shopping great cigars
Swisher Sweets Cigars and Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great flavor and fast shipping.,I enjoy ordering Swisher Sweets flavored Cigarillos in bulk and appreciate the fast shipping.
Swisher Sweets Cigars and Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Swisher Sweets Delivery,My order arrived on time and I was home to accept the package. No problems.
Swisher Sweets Cigars and Cigarillos,5 out of 5,good smoke,good smoke
Swisher Sweets Cigars and Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Swisher Sweets Cigars and Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great Buy!,Delicious cigars at a good price and shipped fast!
Swisher Sweets Cigars and Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Good Service from CI,Received the usual reliable order and delivery service from CI.
Swisher Sweets Cigars and Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great cigarillo,Great cigarillo
Swisher Sweets Cigars and Cigarillos,5 out of 5,"Great price, fresh packs",Best price I can find for someone that smokes a lot of MMJ. Everything comes sealed and I’ve never had one stale blunt 👍🏻👍🏻
Swisher Sweets Cigars and Cigarillos,4 out of 5,"fresh and quick delivery, no","fresh and quick delivery, no more going to the local store during the pandemic"
Swisher Sweets Cigars and Cigarillos,5 out of 5,the cigars were great,the cigars were great
Swisher Sweets Cigars and Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Satisfied Customer,The price was fair - the service was fast and satisfactory.
Swisher Sweets Cigars and Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Smooth,I like it because of its smoothness and taste
Swisher Sweets Cigars and Cigarillos,5 out of 5,A Timeless Classic,"What an iconic name in cigars with an iconic logo. Probably a lot of us had a Swisher Sweet as their first cigar. Almost 15 years smoking cigars and every now and then I STILL like going back to a Swisher. Call it nostalgia but these cigars have a great aroma and a great taste. Sure they are not works of art, but they aren't supposed to be. Its a mild sweet smoke with a great aroma and great burn. Take a pack on a summer fishing trip or bumming around the yard. You can't argue with a classic."
Swisher Sweets Cigars and Cigarillos,5 out of 5,They are mild and my,They are mild and my wife likes them.
Swisher Sweets Cigars and Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great service,"Great product,great service !"
Swisher Sweets Cigars and Cigarillos,4 out of 5,good cigarillo,Very good cigar. Very convenient. Draws well & lasts. However the foil wrappers need more quality control. More than half the wrapper zip strips did not function properly.
Swisher Sweets Cigars and Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Swisher Sweets Blunt,A great standby cigar for doing yardwork or such.
Swisher Sweets Cigars and Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Some of those cigars weren’t,Some of those cigars weren’t rolled properly but overall I can’t complain
Swisher Sweets Cigars and Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great service & quality,Great service & quality
Swisher Sweets Cigars and Cigarillos,5 out of 5,unreal refreshing,great
Swisher Sweets Cigars and Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Swister Sweets Perfecto,Swister Sweets is good reliable low cost cigars.
Swisher Sweets Cigars and Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Swisher is great for that 10 minute smoke,"Swishers always come through for a quick cheap smoke that you don't mind not finishing for the price. Nothing great, but hits the spot when you have a craving but only 10 minutes."
Swisher Sweets Cigars and Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Incompetent and irresponsible,"Apparently Swisher could care less about their loyal customers, they have been unable to ship product for 4 or 5 months - completely inexcusable. Good time to quit cigars."
Swisher Sweets Cigars and Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Prefecto,Great product on I mean when you can get them
Swisher Sweets Cigars and Cigarillos,5 out of 5,👍,Super
Swisher Sweets Cigars and Cigarillos,4 out of 5,have had good luck with,have had good luck with this brand but sometimes have a hard time getting the Perfecto type
Swisher Sweets Cigars and Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Perfectos were perfecto,Thank You. All of the Perfectos locally seem to be on the stale side if they can even be found. You were the only place that had the Perfectos in stock. Would like to order again.
Swisher Sweets Cigars and Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Prompt delivery,Prompt delivery
Swisher Sweets Cigars and Cigarillos,5 out of 5,"On time, well packaged and","On time, well packaged and fresh"
Swisher Sweets Cigars and Cigarillos,4 out of 5,mild,mild
Swisher Sweets Cigars and Cigarillos,5 out of 5,great cigar for the price!,great cigar for the price!
Swisher Sweets Cigars and Cigarillos,5 out of 5,smoke them,they are good
Swisher Sweets Cigars and Cigarillos,5 out of 5,My favorites!,Swisher Sweets Slims are my go to everyday cigar. Yours are always fresh and ship fast! Thanks!
Swisher Sweets Cigars and Cigarillos,4 out of 5,"Good product, fair price. Wish","Good product, fair price. Wish shipping was cheaper for one box of cigars."
Swisher Sweets Cigars and Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Satisfied Customer,Been a customer for years and always been satisfied
Swisher Sweets Cigars and Cigarillos,5 out of 5,walt,good quality for the price.
Swisher Sweets Cigars and Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Good smoke but they burn,Good smoke but they burn down quickly!
Swisher Sweets Cigars and Cigarillos,5 out of 5,reviews,"I buy a box every month, sooooo I like them !! Check your records, you'd know that. So stop asking for a review !!"
Swisher Sweets Cigars and Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great little cigar,Great little cigar
Swisher Sweets Cigars and Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Was just what I was,Was just what I was looking for
Swisher Sweets Cigars and Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Bigger Blunt,"Absolutely love this cigar, but please please please get Swisher to make it in a 6” length. It just doesn’t last long enough!"
Swisher Sweets Cigars and Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Can't beat'em for the price.,Used to be able to buy these at the local grocery stores years ago. Not sure why they are gone. Glad CI has a good supply and great price on these Swisher Sweets. They are one of my favorites.
Swisher Sweets Cigars and Cigarillos,5 out of 5,value,Great value.
Swisher Sweets Cigars and Cigarillos,5 out of 5,"good price, no problems",Thanks
Swisher Sweets Cigars and Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great cigar,They get better with each smoke
Swisher Sweets Cigars and Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Not bad for the price,Not bad for the price
Swisher Sweets Cigars and Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Cigars are OK!,Cigars are OK!
Swisher Sweets Cigars and Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great price,Great price
Swisher Sweets Cigars and Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Fine Smoke.,Always a good cheap smoke.
Tatiana Flavored Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Love these,Great flavor !! Love these with a cup of coffee !!
Tatiana Flavored Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great cigar,This is a very enjoyable and well balanced cigar. Will definitely buy again.
Tatiana Flavored Cigarillos,5 out of 5,husband loves the flavor,husband loves the flavor
Tatiana Flavored Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great smoke,This is a very low keyed flavored smoke. Infused but not overpowering. I love the flavors by Tatiana and this one is no exception.
Tatiana Flavored Cigarillos,5 out of 5,My wife and I love,My wife and I love them
Tatiana Flavored Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
Tatiana Flavored Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Excellent cigars!,Excellent cigars!
Tatiana Flavored Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Nightcap good all day,"Once you figure out the cellophane wrapper (needs some serious tweaking) you’ll enjoy this lil cigar with your morning coffee, afternoon cocktails and as a nightcap."
Tatiana Flavored Cigarillos,5 out of 5,great flavor great nights,"smooth and flavorful, great for a night around the fire"
Tatiana Flavored Cigarillos,5 out of 5,good flavor,"smooth and flavorful, great for a night around the fire"
Tatiana Flavored Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Love the smoke,Love the smoke
Tatiana Flavored Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Awesome,These are great!
Tatiana Flavored Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Fast,Fast and great flavor
Tatiana Flavored Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Great Little Smoke,Made well; burns even and good for that short coffee break.
Tatiana Flavored Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Good small smoke,For a small cigar great flavor and burn.
Tatiana Flavored Cigarillos,5 out of 5,The Best,This is awesome size cigar for my girlfriend. She really enjoy it.
Tatiana Flavored Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Sweet Flavor,I am not a cigar smoker and I purchased these for my husband. I smoked one and I really like them.
Tatiana Flavored Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Smovey Groovy,Nice sweet taste
Tatiana Flavored Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Perfect gift,Very good taste flavor
Tatiana Flavored Cigarillos,5 out of 5,My Favorite Vanilla,Construction 100% Favor very nice and mild.
Tatiana Flavored Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Tatianas,They're always a good cigar to smoke
Tatiana Flavored Cigarillos,5 out of 5,This is my favorite!!! :),This is my favorite!!! :)
Tatiana Flavored Cigarillos,4 out of 5,tatiana dolce honey cigars,short sweet smokes
Tatiana Flavored Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Tatiana Vanilla,Excellent smooth and mild.
Tatiana Flavored Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Mild and sweet,Mild and sweet
Tatiana Flavored Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Dolce honey,Mild and sweet flavor
Tatiana Flavored Cigarillos,5 out of 5,cigars,My favorite is Nightcap but you seem to be having a problem getting and keeping them in stock! So the next best was the Dolce Chocolate which are good
Tatiana Flavored Cigarillos,5 out of 5,They arrived when they said,They arrived when they said they would and I love them. Thanks. I will be ordering from you from now on instead of going to the cigar store where they charge twice as much.
Tatiana Flavored Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Where are they???,My wife LOVES these but they hardly ever seem to be in stock. We usually try to get them when I order MY cigars but the seem to often be on back order. Guess they’re just a popular flavor. We will continue to order them tho. #HappyWifeHappyLife
Tatiana Flavored Cigarillos,5 out of 5,My favorite so far!,I preferred sweet flavors and the Tatiannas give me that.
Tatiana Flavored Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Love cigars hate waiting!!!!,Love my cigars hate when backordered and not knowing when I will receive them!!! Not very happy with that!! almost out!!
Tatiana Flavored Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Ladies enjoy the taste,Ladies enjoy the taste
Tatiana Flavored Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Love these,Perfect size at a perfect price
Tatiana Flavored Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great prices fast delivery,The first time using this site. After checking on prices yours were the best. Diverly was quick. Will be using yall from now on
Tatiana Flavored Cigarillos,4 out of 5,A very tasty little cigar,I truly appreciate a great cigarillos
Tatiana Flavored Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Very good cigar,I bought this box for a friend deployed in Iraq because I liked them so much. Good flavor. Smaller stick for when you do not have time to savor a larger cigar.
Tatiana Flavored Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Nice and Lite,Robust smell...
Tatiana Flavored Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Smooth,LiL bitter but nice and smooth.....
Tatiana Flavored Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,The nightcaps have wonderful flavor!
Tatiana Flavored Cigarillos,5 out of 5,These are my new go to cigars,"I am far from a cigar smoker. I like an occasional one every now and then while relaxing with a good drink. I like the sweet, flavored ones the best. Usually a Backwoods or CAO flavors. Decided to try these and am glad I did. They are inexpensive. Great taste and aroma. They burn nice and steady. These are absolutely my new ""go to"" cigar to have around"
Tatiana Flavored Cigarillos,3 out of 5,Average,"The cigarillos have a smoother better burn and flavor than the larger ones, bit disappointed"
Tatiana Flavored Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Love them!,Awesome little cigarillos for daily usage!!! Awesome smell and flavor is the bonus!!!
Tatiana Flavored Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Tatiana Flavored Waking Dream,Great taste
Tatiana Flavored Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Pleasent cigar,Night cap is a nice smoke. The smell is great even for non-smokers.
Tatiana Flavored Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Loved it!,My friend enjoyed them.. Cost and size perfect. Will be a regular customer! Thank
Tatiana Flavored Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Awesome!,Great product and great service. I will definitely buy from Cigars International again!
Tatiana Flavored Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Best so far!,Well I have tried others and none have been able to please me. However Tatiana Flavored Waking Dream HAS! The flavor last a long time and nice and smooth smoke. Lots of times I dont even light it cause it taste that good. You have to try these out at least once in your life. You WONT regret it.
Tatiana Flavored Cigarillos,5 out of 5,My wife loves them,"I have been smoking cigars for years was in Miami at the cigar factory and my wife tried these Tatiana's for the
First time she fell in love with them now when I sit back and have a burn she can have one with me...
Good flavor doesn't bite the Toung about a 15 minute burn"
Tatiana Flavored Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Love them!,Wonderful flavor packed into a small cigar. If you love blueberries like myself you will enjoy this sweet treat for sure! Two thumbs up!
Tatiana Flavored Cigarillos,5 out of 5,A Must,"Just love this cigar, great smoke,flavor, easy draw and I don't smell like an ashtray after smoking. A must buy again."
Tatiana Flavored Cigars,5 out of 5,Great Cigar at a GREAT price,These are a fantastic flavored Cigar at a great price. Keep me informed when they are back in stock.
Tatiana Flavored Cigars,5 out of 5,Husband loves these cigars,Husband loves these cigars
Tatiana Flavored Cigars,4 out of 5,I love the cigars I,I love the cigars I think it was to rich and made my stomach upset but other then that all of my other orders are terrific!
Tatiana Flavored Cigars,5 out of 5,Great cigars,Great cigars
Tatiana Flavored Cigars,5 out of 5,Groovy Blues,I wasn’t sure if that was the right size but they were perfect. I love the flavor.
Tatiana Flavored Cigars,5 out of 5,Easily the Best,"To give you an idea of my frame of reference, I like a very wide variety, as far as my cigar preference is concerned, depending on mood, time of day, day of the week, meal, etc... I really enjoy larger, fuller bodied cigars, like the Man 'O War, double corona size. Even with this being the case, the lighter bodied, flavored Tatiana chocolate is easily the best cigar I've ever had, which is a very bold statement. It deserves no less than 5 stars, in my opinion. I'm stocking up on them, as they are definitely my new favorite. Well crafted and great tasting. Very smooth and you can definitely taste the chocolate, without worrying about that overbearing taste that some flavored cigars have. Tatiana does a great job with their flavors. This is the perfect dessert cigar after a long week. Goes very well with an Irish coffee + Baileys."
Tatiana Flavored Cigars,5 out of 5,The Best Flavor!,The best flavor out of all the tatianas! Yea I said it!
Tatiana Flavored Cigars,5 out of 5,Got friends hooked,"Passed these out to a number of friends and got a great response. Even the guy who likes to smoke cigars but doesn't like the after taste, was impressed."
Tatiana Flavored Cigars,5 out of 5,The vanilla cigars are very,The vanilla cigars are very smooth and has a great taste!
Tatiana Flavored Cigars,5 out of 5,Fresh and flavorful.,Fresh and flavorful.
Tatiana Flavored Cigars,5 out of 5,Great cigar,love the taste. Not dry on the throat.
Tatiana Flavored Cigars,5 out of 5,Excellent,These cigars are smooth and mild with a pleasant taste.
Tatiana Flavored Cigars,5 out of 5,No alcohol? Smells like a nightcap,Wife absolutely love these
Tatiana Flavored Cigars,5 out of 5,Long time wait,been waiting for these to get off back order very happy on the flavor hopefully they're going to come in Robusto soon
Tatiana Flavored Cigars,5 out of 5,great rum cigar,the rum flavor comes through beautifully
Tatiana Flavored Cigars,5 out of 5,LOVE IT!!,"MY HUSBAND AND I ABSOLUTELY LOVE NIGHTCAP, SMOOTH TASTE AND A SMOOTH SMOKE!"
Tatiana Flavored Cigars,5 out of 5,"Nice,, smooth, and sweet cigar.","Nice,, smooth, and sweet cigar."
Tatiana Flavored Cigars,5 out of 5,Satisfaction at a low cost.,"Smooth and affordable! I've been smoking these cigars for years. People always compliment how my cigars don't ""stink"" like a cigar. Great taste, better price!"
Tatiana Flavored Cigars,5 out of 5,Best cigars for flavor,Best cigars for flavor
Tatiana Flavored Cigars,5 out of 5,Great!,"These are my go to. The chocolate is one of my favorites, smooth and delicious. Definitely priced right as well"
Tatiana Flavored Cigars,5 out of 5,TATIAN Vanilla Flavor,After sampling a variety of both flavored and unflavored types of cigars I have decidedly made my preference for the VANILLA flavored TATIANA’s - Smooth and aromatic just to my specific liking
Tatiana Flavored Cigars,5 out of 5,Flaverfull smoke,I have tried all but the mint chocolate and the mocha love them all except for the sweet euphoria left a perfume tast my favorite is the waking dream
Tatiana Flavored Cigars,5 out of 5,Exceptional,My son loves these & was so happy to unwrap them on Christmas morning.
Tatiana Flavored Cigars,5 out of 5,Outstanding,Same review as the cinnamon
Tatiana Flavored Cigars,5 out of 5,Tatiana,I have bought some great cigars from ci but Tatiana is the one I keep going back to my favorite is wall g dream but I've tried all but the mint chocolate only because I don't care for mint but I'm sure it's great too.
Tatiana Flavored Cigars,3 out of 5,Shipment,I gave three stars because the order took over a week to arrive.
Tatiana Flavored Cigars,5 out of 5,Tatiana Honey,Great Cigar sweet and mild
Tatiana Flavored Cigars,4 out of 5,Honey sweet treat,Got the honeys by mistake but opted to keep them and I'm glad I did great tasting cigar all the way down to the nub and the aroma is fantastic.
Tatiana Flavored Cigars,5 out of 5,Just as ordered,Good quality slow delivery
Tatiana Flavored Cigars,5 out of 5,A sweet tasty treat,Just finishing my first waking dream it is a very tasty treat aroma is great draws fine tobacco is smooth and has a pleasant after tast. I will probably buy a box next time.
Tatiana Flavored Cigars,4 out of 5,good,great flavor met expectations
Tatiana Flavored Cigars,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"Great cigars!!!! Very easy plus, great flavor! Will be ordering more."
Tatiana Flavored Cigars,5 out of 5,Smooth taste!,Smooth taste. Good flavor.
Tatiana Flavored Cigars,5 out of 5,My favorite cigar,Very smooth and flavorful cigar.
Tatiana Flavored Cigars,5 out of 5,TATIANA,THIS IS ONE OF THE BEST CIGARS I SMOKE OUT OF THEM ALL THANK!
Tatiana Flavored Cigars,5 out of 5,"Smooth, tasty, good draw","I've been smoking Tatiana (Rum and Cherry) for about 18 months, the Groovy Blue is just another home run for them"
Tatiana Flavored Cigars,5 out of 5,Great cigar for the senses,These are hubbys absolute favorite cigars. I receive multiple best wife in the world awards when I get them for him.
Tatiana Flavored Cigars,4 out of 5,Enjoyed,enjoyed very much and will re-purchase
Tatiana Flavored Cigars,5 out of 5,Unique flavor and good price.,Very tasty smooth stick. Works anytime of day.
Tatiana Flavored Cigars,4 out of 5,Smooth,Great flavor. Good burn.
Tatiana Flavored Cigars,5 out of 5,Yes for Tatiana,Smooth and slow burning.
Tatiana Flavored Cigars,5 out of 5,Nice,Nice
Tatiana Flavored Cigars,4 out of 5,best cigar,love it
Tatiana Flavored Cigars,5 out of 5,Tasty,It has a awesome taste and arouma !!!
Tatiana Flavored Cigars,5 out of 5,Great Flavor,I enjoyed the taste
Tatiana Flavored Cigars,3 out of 5,Tatiana Cunanmon,They were good but not as great as one i got awhile back from a small cigar ship in Nashua NH.
Tatiana Flavored Cigars,5 out of 5,Mellow smooth stick.,Good draw and well made. Sweet smooth stick to relax at the end of a day.
Tatiana Flavored Cigars,5 out of 5,Tasty stick,Very flavorful smoke. This stick after dinner is great to relax with.
Tatiana Flavored Cigars,5 out of 5,Tatiana,Very good cigars even the wife likes the aroma just wish they were in stock.
Tatiana Flavored Cigars,3 out of 5,Tatiana,"Good taste, but for the price you could get a better cigar. They use short filler which leaves a lot of tobacco getting into your mouth."
Tatiana Mocha,5 out of 5,Mocha,Exelent flavor. I would buy again
Tatiana Mocha,5 out of 5,Tatiana,Pretty cool but next time need the largest cut of moca
Tatiana Mocha,5 out of 5,They were real good and,They were real good and I look forward to another purchase
Tatiana Mocha,4 out of 5,mocha,"a little, loose in the rolling, but a consistent, flavour profile."
Tatiana Mocha,5 out of 5,Very Nice,I've been trying many cigars and this one tops most I've tried so far. Smooth and enjoyable as well. Draws nice too.
Tatiana Mocha,5 out of 5,Smokes,I wish they made These in the biggest cigar this is an excellent cigar for and infuse smoker which I am that is about the only badd thing I have to say about this cigar it's not big enough but it definitely is one of my favorites
Tatiana Mocha,2 out of 5,ughhh (Larry David Voice),After looking at 3-5 videos on YouTube and watching these connoisseurs described this cigar I was sold. I was so anxious to smoke this thinking that I had found a somewhat cheaper replacement to my JAVA addiction. I honestly have to say that it was 20% of what it advertises. It smokes somewhat decent has very little flavor but I guess I got what I paid for.
Tatiana Mocha,5 out of 5,Tatiana Mocha Stobonas are great cigars!,I have tried many flavored cigars and this one is on my list of top 3. It has just the right amount of sweetness and is very smooth.
Tatiana Mocha,5 out of 5,Nice weekend smoke,Good cigar. Not to sweet. Decent draw and burn
Tatiana Mocha,5 out of 5,dlicious!,"Fresh, didn't leave bad taste, best cigar ever!"
Tatiana Mocha,2 out of 5,"Great for potpourri, not for a smoke.","These cigars smell good before you light them but fail to deliver the same experience in the taste. I found them to be difficult to keep lit and loosely rolled causing me to spit out bits of tobacco every time I took a draw. I ended up pulling the remainder of the 5 pack apart and putting them in a glass jar, at least they give my room a nice, mocha scent when used as an air freshener."
Tatiana Mocha,5 out of 5,A Nice Smoke.,A Nice Smoke.
Tatiana Mocha,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Tatiana Mocha,3 out of 5,Loose smoke,The cigar a smoked was very loose in two different spots thought this was a little strange but good flavor
Tatiana Mocha,2 out of 5,Never Again,"One of the worst cigars that I have had. Was like smoking an old time Camel cigarette where you are spitting loose tobacco flakes from your tongue. Thought it was just me biting down too much on the first one but by the third, knew it was not me. Gave it a two only for the fact that it did have some initial flavor as that was my intention when I purchased them to have with my morning coffee."
Tatiana Mocha,5 out of 5,great cigar,Fast delivery great service
Tatiana Mocha,5 out of 5,Delicious,Out of all the flavored cigars these are one of my favorites. They're very smooth and just the perfect smoke.
Tatiana Mocha,5 out of 5,Great Smokes,Nothing but great Smokes and Service
Tatiana Mocha,5 out of 5,Great quick smoke,Excellent smooth mocha taste; perfect for those shorter smoke periods.
Tatiana Mocha,5 out of 5,Wife's Mocha's,"They are great, so my wife says"
Tatiana Mocha,5 out of 5,TASTY,Great golf cigar with a cup of coffee.
Tatuaje 10 Year Anniversary,5 out of 5,An unheralded treasure of a Cigar,"As expected with any Tatuaje cigar, this is a well constructed and truly wonderful smoke that will not disappoint. From the first to last third, the cigar offers an abundance of smoke with a smooth even draw, and a slightly sweet flavor with notes of spice and pepper. The cigar will leave your humidor with a wonderful sweet smell of leather, applewood and molasses. The Tatuaje 10 year is definitely in my top 5 favorite cigars. From what I understand, the annual production of Tatuajes are limited, so purchase while you can."
Tatuaje 10 Year Anniversary,5 out of 5,Tatuaje 10 years rock!,This is the second time I have ordered this cigar and I am hooked. Love the smooth tasty smoke. You will not go wrong with these. Give them a try.
Tatuaje 10 Year Anniversary,4 out of 5,Enjoyment,A cigar that I found it San Diego by mistake that has lead me to go back to it time and time again. Now if only I could find it Japan.
Tatuaje 10 Year Anniversary,5 out of 5,Delicious Smoke. Love all of,Delicious Smoke. Love all of Pete Johnson tatuaje brands these are my favorite though well construction great burn perfect just because smoke for me
Tatuaje Avion,5 out of 5,Review,Great cigar one of my regular smokes.
Tatuaje Avion,5 out of 5,Amazing,An amazing smoke. Smooth all the way through and onlyn gets better. My new favorite.
Tatuaje Black,4 out of 5,A little Giant.,"Flavor and more Flavor. So sad, it's not for to long."
Tatuaje Black,5 out of 5,Small but powerful!,The Tatuaje Black Petit Robusto is a great short smoke that is full of flavor. It has wonderful notes of chocolate and earth that remain through the smoke and never get harsh. It pairs very well with Rhum JM VSOP.
Tatuaje Black,5 out of 5,One of the best,The overall complexity and flavor of these sticks is fantastic. This has always been one of the best lines from Tatuaje.
Tatuaje Black,5 out of 5,Tatuaje Black Corona Gorda,I love them...the best.
Tatuaje Fausto,5 out of 5,Great stick and was nice,Great stick and was nice n great shape when received.
Tatuaje Fausto,5 out of 5,One of the best,"This is one of the best cigars in my opinion for the money. The short churchill is also a great size for a long consistent burn. If you are looking for an excellent cigar, this is the one."
Tatuaje Fausto,5 out of 5,Fantastic cigar,"Fantastic cigar, oozing with all sorts of earthy flavors. Do yourself a favor and throw a couple of these bad boys in your humidor."
Tatuaje Fausto,5 out of 5,My Go-To Smoke,"This might be the absolute best cigar on the market at that price. Rich, smooth, with notes of pepper, chocolate, and spice. Dark, oily, well constructed. Great finish. Make no mistake, this is not for the novice and you might want to have a fairly robust meal prior to your Fousto."
Tatuaje Fausto,5 out of 5,Dinner plans? Go make some...,"The recommendation from CI was spot on! A hearty meal would have been helpful to prepare me for this fabulous head spinner of a cigar. Packs a punch, beautifully constructed oily stick, which I like. Enjoyed this one all the way to the finish line! Well done Mr Johnson!"
Tatuaje Fausto,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Tatuaje Fausto,5 out of 5,Powerhouse smoke,"Powerful but so smooth. Make sure you sit down and relax after a meal before you smoke this. Slow, steady burn demands your full attention."
Tatuaje Fausto,5 out of 5,Fantastic,"Tatuaje Fausto Toro. Wow, what a fantastic cigar! First encountered this in the Lancero Sampler Box, which is wonderful, very highly recommend. Decided to try Fausto in the Toro size. Bought a 5-pack. After three months in the humidor, I smoked the first one today. A solid and well-made cigar sporting one of the most shiny and oily wrappers I've ever seen. Good, easy draw and slow, steady, and even burn. Flavors are absolutely out of this world, very reminiscent of one of my all-time favorites, San Cristobal, which until now I considered to be a unique cigar. Trust me, if you like San Cristobal, you will like Fausto. Well done, Mr. Johnson and Tatuaje. I see this one breaking into my rotation."
Tatuaje Fausto,5 out of 5,TFT,Wndrfl smoke
Tatuaje Fausto,5 out of 5,Good cigar,Strong but not over powering. Great that CI has such variety.
Tatuaje Havana VI,5 out of 5,Tasty!,This cigar is tasty as well as packing a punch!
Tatuaje Havana VI,5 out of 5,"Mild, a good short smoke","Mild, a good short smoke"
Tatuaje Havana VI,5 out of 5,great stogies. they were bought,"great stogies.
they were bought in remembrance of a very generous friend who liked them too."
Tatuaje Havana VI,1 out of 5,On a mainland visit,"Bought a single, happy not to have more.......harsh and poor burn."
Tatuaje Havana VI,5 out of 5,Very good for the price,Very good for the price
Tatuaje Havana VI,2 out of 5,"didn't like it, but kept","didn't like it, but kept it . cigar is to harsh, not smooth."
Tatuaje Havana VI,4 out of 5,A Solid Medium,"If you're looking to fill your box with some smokes that are not too mild and not too full-bodied, look no further. Your ideal medium is here. This is a perfect cigar for those looking to up their game in the strength category; if all you smoke is Macanudo's, but are looking for a little more excitement in your life...but not too much."
Tatuaje Havana VI,3 out of 5,Slightly Disappointing,I really like Havana VI cigars. But the Angels is too small and tight. Not an easy draw. Taste is good however.
Tatuaje Havana VI,4 out of 5,Well made,The Tatuaje Havana is a well constructed cigar. It is on the strong side but pleasing in flavor with a even burn. Overall a good cigar.
Tatuaje Havana VI,5 out of 5,They were a Christmas present,They were a Christmas present for my boss he was in heaven said they were his favorite!
Tatuaje Havana VI,4 out of 5,Excellent value,Good earth tones. Even burn...if a little hot on occasion. A good value.
Tatuaje Havana VI,5 out of 5,Try them,Great little stick and good value. The flavor profile is right up my alley and good everyday stick...I really like the size of the Victorias. Will be trying more of the line for sure.
Tatuaje Havana VI,5 out of 5,A Jolly Good Cigar,"I think I have found a new ""favorite cigar""! It is simple yet richly fragrant."
Tatuaje Havana VI,5 out of 5,Tatuaje Havana VI Corona (Angeles),"I've smoked a shload of these over the years so I figured there had to be a good reason. I suppose the cost for a Tatuaje has some influence about my affinity for this stick. IMHO, the corona seems to be the perfect size to allow this blend to deliver its intent. The construction is flawlessly consistent meaning the burn is always excellent. Prelight aroma is sensational - light cocoa & earth. Torch it & you get fresh baked bread, cocoa, earth & leather. Through the nose there's a touch of white pepper. Although rather mild for a Tat, that's not a bad thing here for it allows the nuance of this cigar to be fully represented. The second half of the cigar presents itself in a bit more spicy fashion yet it's not over the top. There is still a predominantly wonderful bready body that remains. This is certainly a tremendous smoke at a very fair price."
Tatuaje Havana VI,4 out of 5,Tatuaje Havana VI Corona (Angeles),"I've smoked a shload of these over the years so I figured there had to be a good reason. I suppose the cost for a Tatuaje has some influence about my affinity for this stick. IMHO, the corona seems to be the perfect size to allow this particular blend to deliver its intent (and I've smoked many of the others). Construction is flawlessly consistent so the burn is always excellent. Prelight aroma is sensational - light cocoa & earth. Torch it & you get fresh baked bread, cocoa, earth & leather. Through the nose there's a touch of white pepper. Rather mild for a Tat but that's not a bad thing here for it allows the nuance of this cigar to be fully recognized. The second half of the cigar presents itself in a bit more spicy fashion yet it's not over the top. There is still a predominantly wonderful bready body that remains. This is certainly a tremendous smoke at a fair price."
Tatuaje Havana VI,5 out of 5,Great smoke.,Great smoke.
Tatuaje Havana VI,3 out of 5,Good cigar - poor construction,"While this isn't my favorite Tatuaje it is still a very good cigar. After letting the box rest for two weeks, I fired one up yesterday. The flavors, draw and smoke output were great. Unfortunately, the construction was Gurkha-like and burned in a non-Tatuaje fashion. It canoed most of the time and required numerous touch ups.
I hope this was a fluke as I have 24 more to smoke."
Tatuaje Havana VI,5 out of 5,Best thing ever,"I live in Manhattan, NYC the prices for good sticks is crazy. I love your 5 packs it makes it easy for a regular guy like me to enjoy top quality cigars at a decent price."
Tatuaje Havana VI,5 out of 5,This smoke draws smooth with,"This smoke draws smooth with a hefty aroma, reminding you of Cubano seed, but stays true throughout the cigar. Highly recommend it."
Tatuaje Havana VI,5 out of 5,A MUST TRY FOR SERIOUS CIGAR SMOKERS,"How can I ever be forgiven for waiting years to try a Tatuaje? While checking out on line a 5 pack of these were offered at a great price so I pulled the trigger. CI you trickster, you knew someone like me would select one of your last choice items just before closing their purchase. I'm so glad that your brilliance allowed me to discover a great cigar in all areas of the scale. The flavor, even burn, and ample smoke, were all one could expect in a quality cigar. As others have written, I'm just sorry that I can't afford a box of these at the present. Don't under estimate the amount of time this Noble will smoke because of it's size. I got nearly an hour of pleasure out of the Tatuaje Havana VI. A must try for those who like well constructed cigars."
Tatuaje Havana VI,5 out of 5,You can't go wrong,Tatuaje is a FABULOUS brand of many different styles. This is one of the best Medium bodied cigars out there. Perfect Length and Ring also. Almost impossible to be disappointed with this guy.
Tatuaje Havana VI Verocu,5 out of 5,One of my Favorites!,"This is a great smoke and one of my favorites. Its consistency, taste, and smooth draw make it a great stick!"
Tatuaje Havana VI Verocu,5 out of 5,Great short smoke!,"One of my favorite 30-40 minute smokes, all that Tat goodness in a small package."
Tatuaje Havana VI Verocu,5 out of 5,Solid Smoke!,Great stick. Tatuaje is never a bad choice.
Tatuaje Havana VI Verocu,5 out of 5,Great cigar!,I start my day with one of these little powerhouse sticks and a couple of cups of coffee. A perfect start to my day!
Tatuaje Havana VI Verocu,5 out of 5,The perfect smoke when you,The perfect smoke when you just want a little smoke.
Tatuaje Havana VI Verocu,4 out of 5,Very good!,"The cigar started out as a spice bomb and quickly retreated to a mild, almost flavorless feel after 5-10 minutes. This lasted about another 10-15 minutes and then the strength turned to medium with a toasted chocolate flavor. The cigar became medium full for the rest of the smoke and the flavor profile remained chocolate and a hint of coffee and leather. Overall it was very good and paired well with some Elijah Craig small batch bourbon."
Tatuaje Havana VI Verocu,5 out of 5,Phenomenal,"Huge Tatuaje fan and this is probably one of their best. Had a sampler from Holt's when they were the only ones who carried it. Hoping they get some different sizes soon, bc these are great."
Tatuaje Havana VI Verocu,5 out of 5,Good Times,These Tatuaje are great cigars. grab some and enjoy them with a great drink and great friends. Cheers!
Tatuaje Havana VI Verocu,5 out of 5,Best little smoke,Awesome stick!!!
Tatuaje Havana VI Verocu,5 out of 5,Awesome cayenne kick,"My Favorite cigar!!
I've smoke many cigars from many brands but nothing quite compares to this for me. Perfect strength and has a wonderful strong cayenne bite to it. This thing will wake you up and relax you at the same time."
Tatuaje Havana VI Verocu,5 out of 5,Top notch tabacos,This cigar is flawless with top notch tabacos slow burn and a wrapper that is out of this world did I mention a flawless construction also a must for my humidor I usually wear my fidora when I smoke but my hats of to this one it's a home run
Tatuaje Havana VI Verocu,5 out of 5,JR,Very nice cigar... Too bad is usually in backorder
Tatuaje Havana VI Verocu,5 out of 5,Great little smoke,"These are really good small smokes. I often don’t have 1+ hours to spend on a smoke, and when that happens I pull one of these out. Medium to full bodied with lots of good flavor in a small package. Just because it’s small doesn’t mean it can’t have quality, and these do. I recommend."
Tatuaje Havana VI Verocu,5 out of 5,You can’t go wrong,"I’ve never had a bad one. Tatuaje is superb. I’m a huge fan of the full bodied Reserva line but Havana VI medium body is one of the best medium bodied cigars when you want that medium strength. I said all that to say this, Havana VI Verocu is a homerun. It is a Medium Full bodied cigar and I use the word, delicious. Wow, what an enjoyable smoke."
Tatuaje Havana VI Verocu,5 out of 5,excellent little cigar,This is a great little cigar. Full flavored and tasty
Tatuaje Miami,4 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Tatuaje Miami,5 out of 5,Happy,Happy
Tatuaje Miami,5 out of 5,Perfect but pricey,In my top 3 of favorite cigars BUT just alittle too pricey. If they came down in my price I would buy alot more of these for the humidor
Tatuaje Miami,5 out of 5,Box of cigars,They were delivered on time......and at a reasonable price.
Tatuaje Miami,1 out of 5,Not a fan,Disappointing
Tatuaje Miami,5 out of 5,"Noella, Noella...","One of my top five non-Habanos, the Noella is a perfect Mareva, in both natural and ""Reserva"" blends (well, wrappers, anyway...pretty sure the blend itself is the same). While I wouldn't swap it for a Monte #4 Habano, I would keep it in the same part of the humidor. And that's an honor I usually reserve for other Habanos and for Maduro Padrons."
Tatuaje Miami,5 out of 5,My favorite cigar,Whenever I give a Unico a friend the response is always the same: this is the best cigar I ever smoked!
Tatuaje Miami,5 out of 5,Grreat,My favorite cigar. Love the spice and cocoa. Yum.
Tatuaje Miami,4 out of 5,Tatuaje Miami especiales,"I found the draw to be a bit tight. Halfway through we opened up, but the first 3rd was not enjoyable. Great full flavors on the flip side."
Tatuaje Miami,5 out of 5,Tatuaje tainos,On time and in great shape!
Tatuaje Miami,5 out of 5,Tatuaje,Excellent service
Tatuaje Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Smooooooooooooooth,"Tatuaje Nicaragua Cojonu '12 Capa Especial. What a tremendous cigar! One of the SMOOTHEST cigars you will ever smoke. However, to go along with the smoothness, is also an abundance of wonderful flavor. Between these and the Maduros, I've smoked about 40 to 45 of these. The burn, draw, and construction are always just right. There is nothing better than being able to just enjoy a cigar with no baby-sitting required. These almost smoke themselves."
Tatuaje Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Outstanding from cut to finish...,Outstanding from cut to finish...
Tatuaje Nicaragua,5 out of 5,I highly recommend,Started my interest in cigars when Obama opened relations with Cuba. Reminded me of when I was in Canada on business and could smoke those. Reading up on it I found that no they were not going to be available but I learned more of the history. These are great. Long lasting and good flavor for the novice that I am. Worth the price.
Tatuaje Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Tatuaje Nicaragua Cojonu '12,"Tatuaje Nicaragua Cojonu '12 Maduro. Just smoked my first one ever and had to review it right away. I just received a box today, but I had already decided that I would have one right off the truck. This is something I never do, with only one exception. The first box of Oliva Melanio I bought smelled so amazing when I opened the box, I just had to try one. Usually I will put my cigars in the humidor for 1-4 months, depending on if I get a box or a 5-pack. But the Melanio was awesome, and I'm happy to report, so too was the Cojonu. This cigar is wonderful! An absolute flavor BOMB! I know this is an overused term, but it definitely applies to the Cojonu. The construction, draw, and burn were all PERFECT (no exaggeration). One of the best cigars I've ever had, and I've been smoking cigars for over 20 years. I can only imagine what some humidor time will do. Can they really get better than the one I just had? We'll see."
Tatuaje Nicaragua,5 out of 5,True believer,"Started me down the road of fewer, better cigars. No more miniatures for me. Not a rich man but spent freely for accessories to up my game."
Tatuaje Reserva,5 out of 5,Remarkable cigar at many levels.,Remarkable cigar at many levels. You will not be disappointed.
Tatuaje Reserva,4 out of 5,Medium to Full Body,"Good smoke, great burn. Medium spice. I love med/full body sticks and this one works for me. I've had stronger, however this gives a refined and complex flavor. I'd buy again."
Tatuaje Reserva,4 out of 5,Wonderful smoke,I was at a cigar lounge in Southern California and tried one of these beauties. I was blown away with the tastiness of the smoke and aroma. I came home and I ordered a box and I have not been disappointed one bit.
Tatuaje Reserva,5 out of 5,Give them a try,"Probably one of the best cigars I have had, but that is what you get when you pay for premium. Definitely recommend to anyone."
Tatuaje Reserva,5 out of 5,Helluva stick,"They are still resting after their journey home, but this cigar became one of my favorites after the very first smoke. Thank you CI for finding me more to burn and enjoy. Light 'em up!"
Tatuaje Reserva,5 out of 5,"sending it back,,it comes apart.","sending it back,,it comes apart."
Tatuaje Reserva,4 out of 5,"Great, cold weather cigar.","I love these little cigars in the winter. When it's too damn cold for a long smoke, these hit the spot."
Tatuaje Reserva,5 out of 5,Best little smoke,"Awesome cigar, I like dark coffee, dark chocolate, creamy, and don't forget spicy. I nub this one every single time."
Tatuaje Reserva,5 out of 5,Fresh and delicious!!,Very good cigar. I would recommend this type of cigar.
Tatuaje Reserva,5 out of 5,Will buy again!,Very pleased with these! Just the right size for a quick smoke! Good flavor.
Tatuaje Reserva,5 out of 5,The Cigat I wanted as it turns out was back ordered but you sent the smaller cigars,"I phoned and got an immediate response. I was able to send them back for a refund. The response was quick and easy. Thanks very much, Peter"
Tatuaje Reserva Broadleaf,5 out of 5,Tatuaje broadleaf reserva,"Well aged bold musty tobacco taste,spicy on the retrohale,perfect burn and construction,lots of dark notes coffee/espresso type of flavors...great smoke."
Tatuaje Series P,4 out of 5,Nice smoke,"Short and sweet
Nice draw, even burn.
Perfect quick smoke"
Tatuaje Series P,2 out of 5,If you like Tat's - this is not for you,"I have been a big fan of the brand in general but I threw this one out after trying to muster its taste. Tough draw and honestly it's flavor was pretty nasty, not sure if it was just not enough umph for me, but it was disappointing. Not giving it one star because taste is subjective, but its a no go from me."
Tatuaje Series P,4 out of 5,Great cigar for the price,A very well made tasty cigar for the price with CI 20% coupon. A true medium that burns even with a nice ash. Can't go wrong for the price and I think there improving my golf game.
Tatuaje Series P,5 out of 5,"Good ""Go to"" Cigar","The Tatuaje Series P cigars are a good ""go to"" cigar. It's a comfortable, laid back smoke that is not overbearing, right on the spot!"
Tatuaje Series P,3 out of 5,Tatuaja nightmare,"Normally a great stick when I have purchased at local brick and mortar. These were so dry and brittle l have not been able to smoke one yet they are still in my humidor. Just hoping they can be salvaged.
-J"
Tatuaje Series P,4 out of 5,Got better with time.,"Nice smoke, had one straight out of the package. It was okay nothing great so gave a few out to friends(need to stop this) had another a few weeks later and was much improved. I need to stop making quick judgments and let them rest on my humi for a while."
Tatuaje Skinny Monsters,4 out of 5,Tasty little novelties!!!,"First off I just want to commend Tatuaje for coming up with this REALLY INTERESTING 'Concept' cigar line. NOW my review of it/ them: let me begin by letting ya'll know that this wad my FIRST EVER TATUAJE and my FIRST EVER LANCERO!!! I picked the 'Tiff' (because, well, i didn't know st that point these skinny little things HAD different names) and I'm glad i did because after a little research I found it was one of the mellower ones of the collection(??); that being said, DON'T be fooled into thinking that 'mellower' means less flavor because this baby was TASTY! A little bit of toast, a BIT of pepper at the start which returns at the very end. A touch of nutty/sweet earth throughout and all the while NOT ONCE did it cross over a notch above medium-bodied.
I just picked up a 'Frank' which I'm very eager to try
So, all-in-all, I'd DEFINITELY recommend that you give them a shot. I DID and the are NO regrets here!😉😁
Oh, the ONLY, MINOR issue I had was that, being lanceros, they may tend to go out if you don't pull on them at LEAST once or twice a minute but other than that minor issue I give them a SOLID 4 stars!"
Tatuaje Tattoo by Pete Johnson,4 out of 5,A very nice little smoke,"I like to keep some Petite Coronas in my humidor for those times you just want a cigar but don't want or cant spend an hour... These Tattoo Petites provide an overall satisfying experience. Nice flavor and a smooth draw , pretty much everything you look for in a cigar."
Tatuaje Tattoo by Pete Johnson,4 out of 5,Great everyday cigar,"I heard about these Tattoo cigars from a guy at a local cigar tasting. He said it was his ""go to"" cigar. I bought a few in the store that night.
They burned well, tasted good and were a great size. I just recieved my second box."
Tatuaje Tattoo by Pete Johnson,5 out of 5,You must get this cigar,I love this cigar. These can be smoked all day long. No afterburn of the mouth. Smooth and delicious from beginning to end. The texture is like a fine hotel pillow. The burn is even. There was no down time while smoking this - I just wanted to keep puffing away. I would compare this to many very high end cigars.
Tatuaje Tattoo by Pete Johnson,3 out of 5,Every day stick with good flavor,Good value stick. A nice way to smoke something from Pete Johnson without breaking the bank. I found the flavor and smoke output to be nice. If you could find a 5 pack you may find a decent cigar you could smoke every day.
Tatuaje Tattoo by Pete Johnson,1 out of 5,Not so good,"Couldn't get a decent draw from any of the cigars in the 5 pack I got. I actually snuffed out 4 of them in disappointment by fussing so much with them I couldn't tell what they tasted like. If my name was on these cigars, I'd be embarrassed."
Tatuaje Tattoo by Pete Johnson,5 out of 5,One of the better small sticks,"Excellent small stick for a 20 to 30 minute break or drive. Consistent cut, light and draw. Relatively simple flavore with a consistent, woodsie, bittersweet tobacco taste throughout the burn. Enough flavor and strength to satisfy and plenty of smoke. Excellent value."
Tatuaje Tattoo by Pete Johnson,1 out of 5,Awful Construction!,"As with all Tat's, construction is the worst! Only able to smoke about 10%, like 5-or 6 outta whole box of 50. The rest were so tight and hard you could use them as nails. Don't know why but seems to be a problem thru whole Tat. line. Seriously, I know when I take one out of the box and squeeze it, rock hard equals no smoke. They don't know this at the factory?? Really? I just smoke them, they roll them. They should know but think'n they don't care. WORST BOX PURCHASE EVER!! ps..the 5 or 6 I was able to smoke were good...good luck!"
Tatuaje Tattoo by Pete Johnson,5 out of 5,Great Cigar!!!,"Powerful, smooth & tasty. Simply put - an excellent cigar."
Tatuaje Tattoo by Pete Johnson,5 out of 5,Tattoo by Tatuaje,Love this stick! Great smoke and now my go to stick!
Tatuaje Tattoo by Pete Johnson,5 out of 5,Best cigars for the price,I really like these cigars. Love the price and love the taste.
Tatuaje Tattoo by Pete Johnson,5 out of 5,Everyday smoke,Great everyday smoke or when on the golf course!!
Tatuaje Tattoo by Pete Johnson,5 out of 5,The Tat Tattoo is a,"The Tat Tattoo is a phenomenal smoke. I would recommend to any that likes a medium body cigar full of flavor with a nice mix of flavors. Glad they are back, my favorite is the Caballero Robusto"
Tatuaje Tattoo by Pete Johnson,2 out of 5,Tatuaje Tattoo,I was disappointed in this cigar since I like most other Tatuaje cigar brands. Lacks the taste and quality construction.
Tatuaje Tattoo by Pete Johnson,5 out of 5,Tatuaje tattoo,Love them. My wife even likes them!
Tatuaje Tattoo by Pete Johnson,3 out of 5,Good smoke,All around great cigar for everyday smoking w/out breaking the bank
Tatuaje Tattoo by Pete Johnson,5 out of 5,Great smoke!!,I keep these in my humidor flavor is great and great draw I highly recommend
Tatuaje Tattoo by Pete Johnson,5 out of 5,New to cigars,"Since I am new to cigars, I did a bunch of research on the old interweb and these consistantly were on top ten lists. I was not disappointed! In my humble opinion, a great stick!"
Tatuaje Tattoo by Pete Johnson,5 out of 5,Tasty,Tattoos are a flavor bomb
Tatuaje Tattoo by Pete Johnson,5 out of 5,Great Value smoke!,"Tattoo is one of my favorites, regardless of price. Then, you add in that it costs around half of what most other great smokes cost... If you haven't tried it, you should, and if you have, you already know."
Tatuaje Tattoo by Pete Johnson,5 out of 5,Perfect Smoke Anytime,"I was given (2) of these GREAT sticks at an Expo. Immediatly, purchased (5) more. Consumed those and just placed an order for (5) more. My next box will definitely be Tatuaje Tattoo. Since the new tobacco tax in CA, I buy nothing over $10. VERY hard to beat this most pleasurable smoke. Price Perfect!"
Tatuaje Tattoo by Pete Johnson,5 out of 5,My new Favorite,My wife got me a couple for my birthday and I enjoyed every inch...I now have 50 opportunities to enjoy this fine cigar. They are just delicious and burn so well. The aftertaste and arms are phenomenal. Mr. Johnson is right up there with Mr. Garcia and Mr. Gomez in making great cigars. Another 50 count box may be in the works.
Tatuaje Tattoo by Pete Johnson,5 out of 5,Mark,as a long term cigar smoker I have (presently) reduced my favorites to two and Tatuaje Tattoo is one of them.
Tatuaje Tattoo by Pete Johnson,5 out of 5,Tattoo Review,Excellent smoke
Tatuaje Tattoo by Pete Johnson,5 out of 5,These are great,my cousin turned me onto these and there is no need to wander...let there be smoke to fill the air!
The Bourbon Cigar,4 out of 5,"Smooth, even after opening it","Smooth, even after opening it after sitting for 4 years"
The Bourbon Cigar,5 out of 5,Great smokes,Smoked them and relaxed by the lake last week.
The Bourbon Cigar,5 out of 5,It’s a great smoke. I,It’s a great smoke. I can smell and taste the bourbon in the cigar.
The Bourbon Cigar,5 out of 5,Perfect flavor,Perfect flavor and great on the golf course.
The Bourbon Cigar,4 out of 5,MACANUDO ASCOTS,Great little cigar...and great service from CI.
The Bourbon Cigar,5 out of 5,No doubt......a great leaf.,No doubt......a great leaf.
The Bourbon Cigar,5 out of 5,Highly recommended,Worth every penny. These cigars are mild and smooth. Full of flavor all the way through
The Bourbon Cigar,5 out of 5,Makers Mark,The Markers Mark is a very smooth cigar without an after taste towards the end of the smoke. You will not be disappointed.
The Bourbon Cigar,5 out of 5,As good as promised,As good as promised
The Bourbon Cigar,5 out of 5,Good price,"Excellent flavor , happy with the buy"
The Bourbon Cigar,4 out of 5,Not bad at all.,I bought them for when friends come over. Everyone seems to enjoy them. I like them but they are not my favorite. Will buy more at a later date.
The Bourbon Cigar,5 out of 5,Great aroma good smoke,Great aroma good smoke
The Bourbon Cigar,5 out of 5,Quality cigar for those times when a short smoke is in order.,"This cigar is consistently great smoke. Out of the fifty or so that I have had only one gave me a draw problem, but working the cigar eased it up. If you are looking for a medium light smoke this is a good choice. Comes in a sealed test tube humidor, so storage is no problem."
The Bourbon Cigar,5 out of 5,Smooth,Good smooth smoke nice taste!
The Bourbon Cigar,4 out of 5,The Bourbon Cigar,Excellent flavor and great smoke. 4 Star only because it was a bit too moist for me.
The Bourbon Cigar,2 out of 5,Bourbon in Name Only,No bourbon flavor just an OK smoke.
The Bourbon Cigar,5 out of 5,Good slow smoke,Good slow smoke
The Bourbon Cigar,5 out of 5,Mm,A great taste in a mild cigar and goes great with the bourbon as well
The Bourbon Cigar,4 out of 5,"Great, ordered wrong size.","Great, ordered wrong size."
The Bourbon Cigar,5 out of 5,Bourbon petites,Great a good quick satisfying cigar
The Bourbon Cigar,5 out of 5,Satisfied,"I’ve definitely enjoyed these 10th anniversary cigars. As soon as I cracked the top, I smelled the aroma. Mild stick with flavor nice burn.
I would however like to hear what other bourbon cigar the nay sayers of this cigar recommend. Easy to knock something but should have something to compare it to. I wouldn’t mind trying a different brand.
Until then I will stick to these"
The Bourbon Cigar,5 out of 5,Fast Draw,One of the easiest and most flavorful cigars I have ever enjoyed that includes the benefit of coming in a container that may be used as a travel container to protect your cigar investment.
The Bourbon Cigar,5 out of 5,Very good cigar,"I really like this package. Awesome flavor, and aroma. I was a first time buyer of these to just try them out, however now Im a regular buyer. The price is hard to swallow however you wont be disappointed in the experience. Now all I can hope for is Jack Daniels flavored cigars!!"
The Bourbon Cigar,5 out of 5,Awesome,Very smooth and last long
The Bourbon Cigar,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"Very nice smoking cigar, medium body, sweet with the bourbon. Great prices"
The Bourbon Cigar,3 out of 5,"An okay smoke—lacking in bourbon flavor, though.","A nice little cigar, though I think it’s a bit lacking of real bourbon-Infused flavor. You definitely taste it on the wrapper, but not so much with the smoke itself. These are a nice, quick smoke with okay flavor. If your looking for a deep bourbon flavor blending with the tobacco this is probably not the best first-choice."
The Bourbon Cigar,5 out of 5,650,"As infused cigars go this is by far one of the best. Not to faint but just right. They do need to be stabilize a while, a week or two. A must have.
Ordered some of the anniversary sticks too."
The Bourbon Cigar,5 out of 5,First time buyer but will buy these again,"I really liked these petit coronas. The draw is easy, giving a mouthful of smoke. The burn was consistent as was the flavor. I worried this would be a sweet Swisher Sweets sort of smoke but got none of that. The petit corona was a fast smoke leaving me wishing it was larger. Gonna have to check out its bigger brothers. My one complaint is the costly addition of the test tube and wax seal. That adds unnecessarily to the cost and gives little in return."
The Bourbon Cigar,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Great cigar and great service!
The Bourbon Cigar,5 out of 5,BEST CIGAR EVER!!!!,Best Cigar ever! Presentation is always a conversation piece and you can enjoy the flavor with a stiff whisky or whiskey (depending on your preference)!
The Bourbon Cigar,5 out of 5,"Awesome taste, Mild and smooth.","Best tasting cigar, especially with a good whiskey in your hand!"
The Bourbon Cigar,5 out of 5,Amazing!,Amazing!
The Bourbon Cigar,3 out of 5,Fuller than expected,Fuller than expected
The Bourbon Cigar,4 out of 5,aroma is exciting,The initial flavor is outstanding but loses its gusto half way through. The aroma is exciting and wonderful the way it captures the bourbon flavor. I feel a bit over priced.
The Bourbon Cigar,5 out of 5,A Great Smoke,I love the Bourbon Cigar! Nothing like a Bourbon Cigar with a drink or two of Jack Daniels Single Barrel.
The Bourbon Cigar,5 out of 5,Smooth...,Smooth taste and great burn...
The Bourbon Cigar,5 out of 5,Best Cigar I Ever Smoked,"I was first introduced to ""The Bourbon Cigar"" about a year ago. Smooth, Fresh, and great burn. I do not, however, smoke mine with Makers Mark. I prefer to drink Jack Daniels Select Single Barrel. What a combo."
The Bourbon Cigar,1 out of 5,Keep Looking,"In my humble opinion, you are paying more for the packaging than you are for actual cigar. A quite harsh cigar for something that is advertised as a more mild smoke."
The Bourbon Cigar,2 out of 5,Ok,Ok
The Bourbon Cigar,2 out of 5,Not the same,"I bought these cigars at the Makers Mark factory tour and they were divine. These did not taste anything like those. In fact, I tasted zero MM liqueur flavor. Very disappointed."
The Bourbon Cigar,4 out of 5,smooth taste and burn,good smoke
The Bourbon Cigar,5 out of 5,The place,Unless I run out while on a motorcycle tour I get all my cigars at CI. Best price and I find the descriptions when I want to change.
The Bourbon Cigar,5 out of 5,Ky Bourbon,"Bought 5 of the Makers Mark petit Corona, loved them. Gave one to a friend and same comment, has a nice smooth easy draw with a hint of Makers mark"
The Bourbon Cigar,3 out of 5,I had 3 cigars that,I had 3 cigars that I could not smoke due to a bad cigar roller
The Bourbon Cigar,5 out of 5,These cigars are great tasting,These cigars are great tasting and they are so fresh. After you have one its a re order.
The Bourbon Cigar,5 out of 5,Whiskey and a cigar,"Nothing like sitting on the porch with a nice summer breeze, a glass of Maker's Mark and a ""10th Anniversary "" cigar."
The Bourbon Cigar,4 out of 5,Does the trick,"I grabbed these because I don't always have time to smoke a whole stick and I love Maker's Mark cigars. They, along with every Gurkah I've ever smoked, are easily my favorites."
The Bourbon Cigar,5 out of 5,Cigar Order,"Very pleased with the service, product and price."
The Bourbon Cigar,5 out of 5,Makers Mark 650,What GREAT SMOKE!! I enjoy Makers Mark bourbon and this is a SUPER ACCOMPANIMENT. How can it get any better???? I can't think of any answer. ;)
The Bourbon Cigar,4 out of 5,Nice mild cigar,Nice mild cigar
The Griffin's,5 out of 5,Always a great smoke,Always a great smoke
The Griffin's,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,terrific!
The Griffin's,5 out of 5,Beautiful cigar,Amazing cigar and beautiful box
The Griffin's,5 out of 5,"Smooth and Mellow throughout with billows of smoke, and even burn and easy draew.","A well constructed mild cigar. It has an easy and consistent draw with hints of hay and bread. It burns evenly throughout with billows of smoke - never harsh. If you like quality mild & mellow cigars, this is one for you. I highly recommend it. RON S"
The Griffin's,5 out of 5,Well constructed with a look,Well constructed with a look and feel of a premium cigar. Starts out smooth with a a lot of flavor of premium tobacco and transitions to slightly medium body. Burn and draw is excellent. After taste is satisfying and lingers as a reminder of a great smoke.
The Griffin's,5 out of 5,Mr Dependable,"I love this cigar. Give it just a few weeks rest after delivery and it's good to go. It's bitter if smoked tio early. Nice nutty, toasted tobacco profile that always satisfies. In my opinion, similar to Davidoff Classic, just less complex. Assuming it is given the proper rest, I do not see how anyone could not enjoy this smoke."
The Griffin's,4 out of 5,morning smoke,"This is a well constructed cigar good draw even burn
It has a little edge on your tongue at the price it was a good buy but I prefer either a LPH White pearl or an Avo classic"
The Griffin's,4 out of 5,Doesn’t draw as well as,Doesn’t draw as well as the Toro
The Griffin's,5 out of 5,YOU WONT BE DISAPPOINTED,AMAZING CONNECTICUT
The Griffin's,5 out of 5,Ro Ro Ro Robusto,Ro Ro Ro Robusto
The Griffin's,5 out of 5,Great !!,Great !!
The Griffin's,4 out of 5,very smooth,"the only issue i had was they felt loosely wrapped, almost as though there weren't packed."
The Griffin's,5 out of 5,what a great cigar,what a great cigar
The Griffin's,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,Excellent draw and taste. Great cigar to enjoy with your favorite drink.
The Griffin's,4 out of 5,"Good flavor, Isolde and mellow","Good flavor, Isolde and mellow"
The Griffin's,4 out of 5,Nicely Done,This is a great smoke
The Griffin's,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke,Excellent mild smoke and burn on this. One of my favorites.
The Griffin's,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,Excellent cigar
The Griffin's,5 out of 5,Big Dog,Good
The Griffin's,3 out of 5,not as tightly packed as,not as tightly packed as beforwe
The Griffin's,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Always the best.
The Griffin's,5 out of 5,Smoking them for 20 years,Smoking them for 20 years
The Griffin's,5 out of 5,GREAT CIGAR,GREAT CIGAR
The Griffin's,5 out of 5,Awesome Value on the close,Awesome Value on the close out price
The Griffin's,5 out of 5,Great Cigar!,Medium
The Griffin's,5 out of 5,Great cigars,These cigars are great mild cigars. Delivery was quick and the cigars were fresh. The price was good too. Will definitely buy again.
The Griffin's,5 out of 5,Perfect wedding cigar,"Elegant and flavorful cigar. The Giriffin is my new favorite mild to medium cigar, hands down. Great cigar for a great price. Davidoff you outdid yourself with this cigar. I would highly recommend for any occasion."
The Griffin's,5 out of 5,"A very good cigar, solid","A very good cigar, solid wrapper does't split and burns smoothly"
The Griffin's,5 out of 5,"Great value and condition, and","Great value and condition, and timely delivery!"
The Griffin's,2 out of 5,Groffom #300,"I felt the smoke was dry, even heated if that makes sense. Not enjoyable. Very disappointing"
The Griffin's,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar will buy again,Excellent cigar will buy again !!!
The Griffin's,4 out of 5,Incredibly consistent,"Medium body, full of flavor, consistent burn, all around great value"
The Griffin's,5 out of 5,Griffin,What I was looking for
The Griffin's,5 out of 5,No better cigar company!,No better cigar company!
The Griffin's,5 out of 5,Can't beat these,Simply the best for my tastes.
The Griffin's,5 out of 5,My favorite smoke,"Been smoking these for years and they just get better. This is a cool, mild cigar that is expertly blended and rolled. You just can't go wrong with Griffin's."
The Griffin's,2 out of 5,poorly packed,the cigars no longer burn evenly.. I think they are under and loosely packed.
The Griffin's,5 out of 5,The Griffin's Gran Robusto,It's a nice smooth smoke right until the end
The Griffin's,1 out of 5,Individual cigars not well packed.,Individual cigars not well packed. Burn uneven and seem old and dry
The Griffin's,5 out of 5,Awesome cigar.,I love these. Truly a quality cigar. They do not disappoint. Would buy these more often if the cost was ever significantly reduced.
The Griffin's,5 out of 5,Love the Grif's,Mild smoke love them
The Griffin's,5 out of 5,Always consistent! Delicious,Always consistent! Delicious
The Griffin's,5 out of 5,Love These Cigars,"The Griffons are made by Davidoff, makers of fine cigars. Just the right size for me, 5-6 inches in length with a 40-45 ring gauge. Delivered fresh as always by CI."
The Griffin's,5 out of 5,The Griffins 300: My nly Smoke,"Been smoking them for many years, dating vback to when they were prov lately held. They are mild and the perfect length for a comfortable smoke. Griffins arte the only cigar I smoke. I liked the 200’s but they stopped making them. It took me awhile to finally make the switch to the 300’s. Stop making those and I am done."
The Griffin's,4 out of 5,One of my favorite smokes,One of my favorite smokes for the course.
The Griffin's,5 out of 5,Yup...still the best,Can never go wrong with Griffin’s.
The Griffin's,5 out of 5,I love the cigar and,I love the cigar and it was a reasonable price will definitely reorder
The Griffin's,4 out of 5,Nice Smooth Smoke,Well constructed cigar.
The Griffin's,5 out of 5,Fantastic!,Love these sticks! One of my new favorites.
The Griffin's,5 out of 5,Always a great cigar.,Always a great cigar.
The Griffin's Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Best little igars ever.,"I perty much only smoke these. They taste great, burn slowly, and are in my opinion the best cigars I can get."
The Griffin's Cigarillos,3 out of 5,Good mild smoke. Ring gauge,Good mild smoke. Ring gauge really small.
The Griffin's Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great little smoke,Great little smoke
The Griffin's Nicaragua,5 out of 5,Nicaraguans,The Griffins in general are great cigars. The Nicaraguan are tasty and a great alternative to the mild sticks
The Reckoning by Oliva,4 out of 5,Oliva new,not bad new stuff by Oliva
The Reckoning by Oliva,5 out of 5,Love these cigars,These are my favorite they have a nice hot even burn and good spicy flavor to them. Very good if you like a good strong cigar.
The Reckoning by Oliva,5 out of 5,Reckoning Awesome,"Good flavor and smoke, slow burning and tasty! Highly recommended!"
The Tabernacle,5 out of 5,Best Cigar,The Tabernacle cigar is flavorful and hand crafted to ensure a balanced burn. The best cigar I have ever enjoyed! GJP
The Tabernacle,5 out of 5,A Truly elegant cigar,"I’m a fan of the Tabernacle Lancero, having been a Tabernacle fan for years. The Lancero is more flavorful smoke that the double corona which had been my go to evening smoke when I wanted a full bodied smoke, now it looks like I’ll be keeping 3 boxes of Tabernacles in the humidor, and save the Lancero for when I want full flavor without punch of a larger ringed cigar."
The Tabernacle,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,"Bold flavor, but smooth, easy draw...my recent favorit."
The Tabernacle,5 out of 5,Great stick!,"If you like Liga #9, you'll love this cigar. Nice tight construction with a consistent draw, and dynamite flavors! I get pepper, spice, a little early, and maybe a touch of chocolate or cocoa."
The Tabernacle,5 out of 5,Top Notch Cigar,"I rarely give a cigar a 5 star review but this cigar deserves it. It’s an extremely well-made cigar with lots of complex flavors and a perfect construction. While it’s not a cheap cigar, it’s definitely worth the price. I’ve been smoking cigars for 30 years and The Tabernacle is one I will keep smoking for years."
The Tabernacle,5 out of 5,No longer a secret,If you're looking for the next best smoke.. you've found it. Buy it now..
The Tabernacle,4 out of 5,Tabernacle Doble Corona,Really great smoke. Make sure you have plenty of time to enjoy. Very smooth and flavorful. Had to knock off a star for 1/3 rd of the sticks in the entire box were cracked. Looked like someone dropped the box causing the damage (before it was packaged to be shipped - no signs of damage to cardboard box that it was shipped in). Shame on the QC guy that let it slide.
The Tabernacle,5 out of 5,A Winner!,"I've been smoking hand mades for over thirty years. This is a good one, in my personal top 5."
The Tabernacle,5 out of 5,"If you care at all for strong, beautiful cigars you must try The Tabernacle","I love this cigar. Beautiful construction. I've tried 4 boxes of varying sizes and have not had a single bad cigar. Lush, strong."
The Tabernacle,5 out of 5,Tabernacle....amazing cigar,"Tried the Tabernacle on a recommendation and what a cigar. CI description is right on, flavor is amazing, perfect draw with no relights. A+++++"
The Tabernacle,5 out of 5,Love this smoke!,Love this smoke!
The Tabernacle,5 out of 5,"""Magnificent""",This beauty is an amazing smoke. Little pricy but it's worth it!!! Love it!
The Tabernacle Havana Seed CT #142,5 out of 5,Results,Great product and service.
The Tabernacle Havana Seed CT #142,5 out of 5,A hit.,Awesome smoke. Notes of pepper in the first third with a cinnamon sweetness that is subtly present throughout the cigar and not overpowering. Second third is creamy and smooth. Final third had some hints of spice. Lots of smoke output from this stick and the 5 pack that I ordered had slight blooming on the wrapper. Order these when you can. My only knock would be that the bands on the sticks I ordered were ready to fall off after I removed the cellophane.
The Upsetters,5 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth
The Upsetters,5 out of 5,#1,I love them
The Upsetters,5 out of 5,Great tasting cigar,"My wife sent me a wrapper of this cigar while visiting Miami. I ordered a box of 20 and I'm very pleased with the taste, tight wrapping and slow burning of these cigars."
The Upsetters,5 out of 5,Sgt. Smoke,Nice aroma as soon as I took it out of the wrapper I knew this was going to be good! Two thumbs up!
The Upsetters,5 out of 5,Upsetters Para El Sapo,This little cigar has become one of my favorites. The aroma is hypnotic . If you like infused cigars with a little different flavor then I recommend the Upsetters line.
The Upsetters,5 out of 5,Upsetters are a phenomenal cigar!,Upsetters are a phenomenal cigar!
The Upsetters,5 out of 5,Top notch,Awesome cigar
The Upsetters,5 out of 5,Excelent,"Great taste, excelent body!!"
The Upsetters,5 out of 5,Great cigars,"It's not to sweet and very smooth, it's my favorite brand so far"
The Upsetters,4 out of 5,"Surprisingly good, but very non-traditional","Starts spicy with a healthy kick of the unique infusion flavor. Both the spiciness and the infusion calm down after the first inch of burn and the cigar settles in for a long consistent smoke. It's not traditional, however it is quite pleasant without the ""fake"" taste that accompanies the standard run of the mill flavored cigar. The infusion itself brings to mind cinnamon, fruit, and a hint of incense like aromatics that plays well in the nose, but doesn't overwhelm the flavor in the mouth.
I was honestly quite surprised at the quality and uniqueness of this offering. For those that like Acid from Drew Estate, but would like to try another perspective on high-end infused cigars, this is a good choice."
The Wise Man Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,Great smoke!
The Wise Man Maduro,4 out of 5,Good but strong.,"Fantastic taste, burn, and draw. But beware... I hit the final 3rd and had to eat some candy and lay down for about 10 minutes. It is a strong cigar."
The Wise Man Maduro,5 out of 5,Wise Choice,Wise Choice
The Wise Man Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigar,If you’re a fan of full flavored maduros with strong cocoa flavors then this may well become your favorite cigar.
The Wise Man Maduro,5 out of 5,perfect cigar,I have tried many cigars. This one is my favorite
The Wise Man Maduro,4 out of 5,Stronger than expected/reported,"I'm ave an affinity for maduros so it was a no brainer that I chose THIS version over the other wrapper. Ok, now this stick is 'graded/rated' as a MEDIUM flavor/intensity but to ME, while quite enjoyable, DEFINITELY was more than a BUT stronger than a medium. Lots of flavor, nice burn, plumes of smoke but (and maybe this was in part due to the fact that it was my FIRST CIGAR of the day, and a little EARLIER than I tend to smoke) it was EASILY a full flavor TO ME. Again, not a bad choice by any means but IF I try one again, I'll probably make it an EVENING SMOKE and pair it with some club soda or dark coffee."
The Wise Man Maduro,5 out of 5,You owe it to yourself to try this cigar!,A Christmas gift from my favorite oldest daughter. My first try of this brand and it definitely will not be the last. I don’t have enough superlatives to do this cigar justice. Try it...you will not be disappointed. Wow...just wow.
The Wise Man Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Excellent flavor and draw. Perfect stick for the golf course
Timeless Supreme,3 out of 5,First of all don’t like,"First of all don’t like box cigars , very lite in flavor , burns uneven. The aroma is fine not roll to tight ."
Timeless Supreme,5 out of 5,Timeless,Awesome cigar. Great taste and burns even
Timeless Supreme,5 out of 5,Fantastic,"Awesome, especially for the price"
Timeless Supreme,5 out of 5,Nat,"Great smoke for the money, full even burn!"
Timeless Supreme,4 out of 5,Nat Sherman Timeless Review,It is a good solid cigar and worth the price. The cigar is very smooth and on the strong side but not overpowering it is one of my go to cigars to unwind after a hard day.
Timeless Supreme,5 out of 5,Highly enjoyable,Great from start to finish. Perfect burn and draw. Flavor with minimal earth (I hate earth!). Spice moderate.
Timeless Supreme,5 out of 5,Excellent,smooth and flavorful also well constructed - nice smoke
Timeless Supreme,5 out of 5,One of my favorites Great,"One of my favorites
Great deal"
Timeless Supreme,1 out of 5,Rolled too tight doesn't pull,Rolled too tight doesn't pull well at all not happy with cigar
Timeless Supreme,2 out of 5,Underwhelming,Not impressed for the hype. Good construction and plenty of smoke. More pepper than I was expecting.
Timeless Supreme,5 out of 5,My go to cigar,From the format to the perfect burn to the medium to strong flavor the 452 is one of the best
Timeless Supreme,5 out of 5,What to review it's the only cigar I smoke.,I have smoked Timeless for years.
Timeless Supreme,5 out of 5,Fantastic cigar....great flavor!,Fantastic cigar....great flavor!
Timeless Supreme,5 out of 5,Cigars,This was a gift for my husband and he really enjoyed them
Timeless Supreme,5 out of 5,Nat Sherman Timeless,I have to say hands down this cigar is one of my absolute favorites from the aroma and different notes it's an impeccably made cigar
Timeless Supreme,5 out of 5,Excellent,"Nice spicy cigar,perfect compliment to a glass of Merlot."
Timeless Supreme,5 out of 5,A very recommended product at,A very recommended product at very good prize
Timeless Supreme,5 out of 5,Fabulous,Great cigar
Timeless Supreme,3 out of 5,Ok- a bit spicier than,Ok- a bit spicier than my preference
Timeless Supreme,5 out of 5,ABSOLUTLEY TIMELESS,"GREAT CIGAR. I HAVE BEEN WAITING TO TRY ONE OF THESE FOR QUITE A WHILE AND I WAS NOT DISAPPOINTED. BEAUTIFUL PLUMES OF SMOKE, GREAT DRAW AND WONDERFULLY CONSTRUCTED..."
Timeless Supreme,5 out of 5,Nat Sherman Timeless 652T,"Very good cigar, and about $40 cheaper for a box on CI then the Nat Sherman site. I'll purchase these again."
Timeless Supreme,5 out of 5,Excellent Medium-bodied stick,"I tried one of these because of its inclusing on the CA top 25 cigars of 2015 list. After the first cigar I wasn't sure what all the hype was about...but I realized that I had smoked it after smoking a full-bodied cigar. I tried it again, quite frankly because its such a gorgeous cigar visually. I smoked it as the first cigar of the day, and I was able to enjoy the beautiful subtle flavors of this stick. It is now among my favorites, and a staple in my humidor. It burns and draws perfectly every time so far, and doesn't even get that harsh at the end, so its a finger burner. I highly recommend it...just smoke it before anything else to enjoy the subtle sweetness, oakiness, and molasses hints in this cigar."
Timeless Supreme,5 out of 5,Timeless 749 destined classic,"Was quite good, smoked 6 from 2 sources for consistency. Have read how these have scored so high on all levels and can understand it now. For the standard points the burn was good on all, the draw was to my liking , simply perfect. None of these needed correction so the smoke on that sense was very enjoyable. The flavours,....wow....very smooth spicyness that has hints of coffee(more of an espresso) and very faint taste of caramel (or light molasses, hard to tell but the faint sweetness was there) i completely understand the rating of these now (I've been looking for them for almost a year and then they started to pop up) these are in my top 20 and particularly the 749 as the flavors linger so nicely ....solid medium plus and gets rather potent towards the end retro-hale wassmooth yet had a nice spicy tingle to it (not too much...) very enjoyable when you can find them and CI will hopefully continually carry this one."
Timeless Supreme,4 out of 5,The illusive Timeless,"These were very good, flavor is nice, burn is good, retro with just enough bite to make you smile. Nat's are a well compiled and constructed cigar as a whole but these Timeless are a step above on the flavor side. Quite appealing and didn't get boring, I tried 3 of each and like the Robusto and the Churchill. they do note need aging and had only one that needed correcting (rest were excellent burners) this is not in my top 20 but the Churchill is a very strong contender so definately worth trying. these are actually a bit tough to find."
Timeless Supreme,5 out of 5,Great draw,Nice rich flavor with and great draw
Todos Las Dias,5 out of 5,Awesome,Love fulbodied sticks and these fit the bill. Very Happy :)
Torano Casa Torano,5 out of 5,excellent cigar,my morning coffee cigar
Torano Casa Torano,4 out of 5,Good every day smoke.,"Good price, good smoke, they last for 45+!minutes. Mild but tasty. It’s become my go to lately."
Torano Casa Torano,4 out of 5,Nice smoke for the price.,Nice smoke for the price. Always well constructed with almost no issues. Great morning smoke or any time for those who enjoy a milder cigar. Excellent value.
Torano Casa Torano,3 out of 5,I prefer a Stronger blend,I prefer a Stronger blend
Torano Casa Torano,5 out of 5,Recently purchased,Great afternoon cigar
Torano Casa Torano,3 out of 5,Not bad but not also,Not bad but not also great
Torano Casa Torano,3 out of 5,value,good cigar for the money
Torano Casa Torano,4 out of 5,Great everyday smoke. Smooth and,Great everyday smoke. Smooth and easy.
Torano Casa Torano,4 out of 5,Excellant weekend cigar.,Excellant weekend cigar.
Torano Casa Torano,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Nothing crazy about this cigar. Balanced flavor and smoked well. I would purchase again.
Torano Casa Torano,5 out of 5,Smooth,Great medium cigar
Torano Casa Torano,5 out of 5,"A complex profile, a superb burn","Cashew and earth dominate the flavors, but there are good hints of espresso and almond, offset by a touch of salt. The construction is impeccable and the burn is something to be admired, as the ash and honey color of the wrapper contrast beautifully for the duration. A classic robusto with a longer duration — perfect for an extended mid-afternoon break."
Torano Casa Torano,5 out of 5,Very good cigar,Always consistent flavor and burn. Good value. Well made
Torano Casa Torano,5 out of 5,One Of My Favorites,Creamy Smooth With A Hint Of Spice! Makers A Great Morning Cigar! Buy It!
Torano Casa Torano,4 out of 5,Nice smooth even burn -,Nice smooth even burn - good value
Torano Casa Torano,4 out of 5,Casa Torano,Good quality cigar. One of my favorites
Torano Casa Torano,4 out of 5,Smooth. I prefer the Maduro,Smooth. I prefer the Maduro but still a good cigar.
Torano Casa Torano,3 out of 5,Not consistent,"These are not Churchill. More like a Longsdale... or even a Lancero ring size. That’s not necessarily a bad thing, just reevaluate your marketing on this cigar. This is the second order though for me that hasn’t been consistent. I’ve been ordering cigars from another house as a result. I thought I’d just give you guys shot again. Thanks"
Torano Casa Torano,5 out of 5,Superb Over All - Deserves 90+,"This is arguably one of the best Connecticuts I have ever smoken, and I've been smoking these for over three years consistently. It is certainly one of the top three Connecticuts that I have ever spoken. I am surprised that this cigar hasn't received a 90+ rating yet. Nevertheless, it remains my go-to Connecticut with its unsurpassed flavor, superb construction, the right draw and uniform burn. This is usually my first cigar of the day. I light one around 5:00 A.M. everyday. Highly recommended for the aficionados of fine Connecticuts."
Torano Casa Torano,3 out of 5,Not my Casa,My personal rating is a 3-5. This cigar may rate higher with other smokers and probably deserves it. Sweet smell of hay on first smell. That smell carried into. Cream with a hint of sweet hay and straw. Not my flavor profile but very solid construction.
Torano Casa Torano,4 out of 5,Solid,Solid construction and amazing burn
Torano Casa Torano,3 out of 5,Light and airy,Good draw too mild for me
Torano Casa Torano,3 out of 5,"Nice short smoke, good flavor,","Nice short smoke, good flavor, very even burn"
Torano Casa Torano,3 out of 5,Not Bad,Not bad. Pretty tight draw.
Torano Casa Torano,5 out of 5,Perfect,"Love this cigar, the Robusto is perfect while grilling or working outside. These burn great, and have awesome flavor for a relatively mild cigar! Has become my favorite....."
Torano Casa Torano,4 out of 5,Ok,Good burn but not nearly as flavorful as Exodus 50
Torano Casa Torano,4 out of 5,Torano,A good smoke to relax in the evening.
Torano Casa Torano,5 out of 5,maybe the best,Loved this cigar. Really smooth all throughout the whole smoke. Great mellow flavor. Think might be my favorite
Torano Casa Torano,5 out of 5,has been smoking them for,has been smoking them for 20 years
Torano Casa Torano,5 out of 5,Torano Casa Torano Robusto,"Excellent cigar. Perfect construction, aroma. Smooth and just overall very good."
Torano Casa Torano,5 out of 5,Love them,"Have enjoyed the torro and corona but I feel this robusto is the best. Great quality, knife edge burn, smooth and tasty. Everything I could wish for. Thank you Carlos."
Torano Casa Torano,4 out of 5,One of the best,"Great cigar, burns evenly, smooth smoke, and has been very consistent over the years."
Torano Casa Torano,4 out of 5,Satisfying,"Nice, smooth and mild. Good smoke on each puff and a nice almost razor eaven burn!"
Torano Casa Torano,4 out of 5,Casa Torano,Nice mild smoke. Burns even and stays lit. One of my favorites. I’ve never had a bad Torano.
Torano Casa Torano,5 out of 5,great cigar anytime,"excellent cigar, good flavor, good burning"
Torano Casa Torano,5 out of 5,"From tip to nub, I love this cigar!","From tip to nub, I love this cigar! Cold draw = excellent. Burn = even. Wrapper = Near vein-less. Flavor = A bit nutty, earthy, and slightly peppery through the first third, then smoothed out to a creamy mild-to-medium smoke. Thank you CI for all you do! An outstanding deal that I humbly highly recommend to any tobacco leaf lover! :-)"
Torano Casa Torano,4 out of 5,Good cigar for the Money,The Torano Casa cannot be beat for an everyday cigar. I am very pleased with the entire cigar from start to finish.
Torano Casa Torano,5 out of 5,A Most Excellent Choice,"Quite a beautiful smoke. From wrapper to taste, I am blown away! Thank you CI for the outstanding deal, too! Highly recommending this one! :-) T"
Torano Casa Torano,5 out of 5,Torpedo,Mild with good burn and draw .
Torano Casa Torano,5 out of 5,Excellent Smoke,"Smooth, quality cigar. Enjoy this cigar"
Torano Casa Torano,5 out of 5,"Excellent, when Torano does their part","This is probably my overall favorite cigar. That said, Torano has had a lot of construction problems. These cigars are packed tight! Often, I’ll get huge running cracks up the cigar ad it heats up."
Torano Casa Torano,5 out of 5,Keep coming back to Torano,"Ever since I started smoking cigars I’ve tried many sampler packs, but when it comes to buying a brand I stick with Torano. There quality consistency can’t be beat. The Casa Torano is a Great mild cigar, burns even, especially suited for that summer smoke."
Torano Casa Torano,5 out of 5,Fantastic Value,One of the best value cigars I've ever smoked. Good flavor with a great burn and draw.
Torano Casa Torano,5 out of 5,Best product Great service,I am very happy with Torano Casa Torano. CI is always ready to fill my orders and fast shipping. Thanks CI.
Torano Casa Torano,5 out of 5,My husbands favorite cigar,My husbands favorite cigar
Torano Casa Torano,5 out of 5,My everyday cigar,"Mild cigar with flavor! My everyday cigar for years as it is well constructed, produces lots of smoke and retains it character to the last puff."
Torano Casa Torano,5 out of 5,never a bad cigar,"I have a Humidor that just doesn't want to work right but these cigars still came out perfect. A little pricier then say a ""Primeros"" but a great Mild cigar that's worth the extra money."
Torano Casa Torano,5 out of 5,So far I've enjoyed doing,So far I've enjoyed doing business with CI. My cigars arrive on time and in good order! Thank you...keep up the good work!!
Torano Casa Torano,5 out of 5,Torano Casa Torano Robusto,Good every afternoon cigar. Will get them again
Torano Casa Torano,5 out of 5,Good cigar,"Bought these on sale, pleasently surprised"
Torano Dominico,4 out of 5,good golf course cigar,good golf course cigar
Torano Dominico,4 out of 5,"Good value, good flavor","Nice mild flavor and pretty consistent quality for a lower price cigar. They've become my go to ""everyday"" stick."
Torano Dominico,4 out of 5,Just a little more harsh,"Just a little more harsh than what I usually prefer, but it is acceptable as a occasional smoke"
Torano Dominico,5 out of 5,Pretty good cigars for the,Pretty good cigars for the money
Torano Dominico,5 out of 5,"Great, mild smoke. Well constructed,","Great, mild smoke. Well constructed, burns evenly with no bitter notes throughout the cigar"
Torano Dominico,5 out of 5,Torano Dominico,Smooth smoke!
Torano Dominico,3 out of 5,mellow,good every day smoke. Inexpensive.
Torano Dominico,5 out of 5,A Best Value Cigar,Try these cigars several months ago and I have been ordering them ever since. A great mellow smoke for a great price. I have only one complaint about these cigars and that is they are always out of stock.
Torano Dominico,5 out of 5,Great when on my tractor,Great when on my tractor mowing the lawn
Torano Dominico,4 out of 5,Smooth,A good cigar. I would have given it a 5 except I experienced a few where the wrapper was cracked.
Torano Dominico,4 out of 5,Nice and mild,Nice and mild
Torano Dominico,4 out of 5,Great daily smoke,"Great draw, excellent flavor, no heavy aftertaste like some other inexpensive cigars. Absolutely going to buy more. These Toranos rock!!"
Torano Dominico,4 out of 5,torano Dominico robusto,"Simply put, a perfect cigar for the golf course. Stays lit, mild smoke, priced right."
Torano Dominico,3 out of 5,They are okay,You will still taste the cigar the next day.
Torano Dominico,5 out of 5,My new friend,"If you like a mild blend with a little flavor, plus a nice long smoke for relaxation!"
Torano Dominico,5 out of 5,nice an mild,nice an mild
Torano Dominico,4 out of 5,good cigar,"Not like the sliver exodus, but a good cigar"
Torano Dominico,5 out of 5,Great Everyday Cigar,This is just an inexpensive great smooth everyday cigar.
Torano Dominico,5 out of 5,Good mild cigar,Good mild cigar
Torano Dominico,4 out of 5,Would buy again!,"Wasn't sure what to expect with these but surprisingly a good smoke overall. Was thinking maybe a mild smoke with not much else going on. But surprisingly no. A good mild to medium smoke with light black pepper notes. Good draw with lots of smoke. For the price, I'd say give em a try!"
Torano Dominico,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar — Even From a Dedicated Maduro Smoker!,"I rarely smoke anything but maduros. But I'm a big fan of Torano, so I decided to give these a try. And I'm glad I did! This excellent cigar just keeps getting better and better right to the end!"
Torano Dominico,5 out of 5,Great cigar,One of my favorite cigars. Part of my regular purchases
Torano Dominico,4 out of 5,Better than you'd think,"Nice lighter smoke with lots of flavor. Leather, pecans, mild sweetness that comes and goes, and a not unpleasant hint of diesel in the aftertaste. Some light pepper on retrohale. Much better than the price suggests. The only con is that some of them had soft spots and would start to canoe if you didn't look out, but this was only in the first 1/4 to 1/3."
Torano Dominico,4 out of 5,One bad apple doesn't spoil the whole bunch!,"I'm a believer that one bad apple doesn't spoil the whole bunch I have a box of Noventa and they are great. The first one of these I smoked was terrible tunneled, very hard draw, nasty taste so I tried one this morrning. Punched it instead of v cut Ang got a perfect draw no tunneling and even burn great nutty and creamy flavor. I must have gotten a bad one first. Unfortunately it happens. I hope the rest of them are this good."
Torano Dominico,4 out of 5,go to,great go to smoke
Torano Dominico,4 out of 5,"Good smoke, good price !","Good smoke, good price !"
Torano Dominico,4 out of 5,B.A.,"Good cigar, good value, good service!"
Torano Dominico,3 out of 5,Very nice for the price,Very nice for the price
Torano Dominico,5 out of 5,Really enjoyable smoke,"Great smoke. Smooth, easy draw, and even burning from light to finish."
Torano Dominico,5 out of 5,Save some for me,"As an everyday cigar these are perfect. Nice taste, mellow draw and a low price. maybe 1-2 per box are not smokable but Ive seen that or more with expensive cigars"
Torano Dominico,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Can't beat this cigar at this price point.
Torano Dominico,3 out of 5,Good value if you can wait to age them a long time,"I previously left a review that these were ""unsmokable"" off-the-truck, and I stand by that. 10 months after maturing in a well-maintained humidor, and I am really enjoying this. Lots of flavor, and lots of complex spices for a mellow cigar. Not exactly ""smooth"", but enjoyable. Very high quality construction and an even burn. I look forward to the next one each time. But again, this is only after 10 months in the humidor, so keep that in mind. This is not a Montecristo and probably wouldn't be even after 5 years of maturing. Still, a great value if you find them on sale, and if you have an extra humidor you can age them in for a year."
Torano Dominico,5 out of 5,Nice and smooth,"This cigar has become my everyday smoke. Great for the golf course, and my buddies enjoy them also. Go ahead and pick up a bundle, you will not be disappointed. A quick note when you get them let the cigars rest in your humidor for about a week, then good to go!"
Torano Dominico,4 out of 5,Nice and smooth smoke. Will,Nice and smooth smoke. Will buy again.
Torano Dominico,4 out of 5,Jd,A nice mild every day go to Cigar! Always on my list.
Torano Dominico,5 out of 5,Good smoke,"Perfectly priced ,great smooth everyday cigar ."
Torano Dominico,4 out of 5,Nice cigar - mild cigar,Nice cigar - mild cigar
Torano Dominico,3 out of 5,TORANO TORPEDO,BEST CHEAP SMOKE GOING
Torano Dominico,4 out of 5,Love these,Good cigar for the price
Torano Dominico,5 out of 5,Torano delevires a tasty deal,Love this cigar light in power but strong in flavor smooth and nutty and what a deal on the price I instantly ordered a seconded bundle
Torano Dominico,3 out of 5,Good smoke,"lots of smoke
taste not to my liking.
However it was good and burned well.
I would recommend it to people that like a spicer cigar."
Torano Dominico,4 out of 5,QUALITY & VALUE !,A SURPRISINGLY GOOD SMOKE - A BARGAIN !
Torano Dominico,4 out of 5,Good,Not a bad cigar for the price. I would order again.
Torano Dominico,4 out of 5,Good deal here,"Another nice pick for my humidor, smooth, enjoyable for a price paid. Definitely a reorder."
Torano Dominico,5 out of 5,price 'good,"for the money,very good."
Torano Dominico,4 out of 5,"Torano, Toro","Smooth, taste good, easy draw. All at an at a great price!"
Torano Dominico,5 out of 5,1st class for 3rd class $,These little guys are one of the best budget cigars they look feel & taste as good if not better than most higher priced cigars.
Torano Dominico,5 out of 5,Good Cigar,Nicely packed and good looking wrapper. Easy draw and good taste. Burns well.
Torano Dominico,5 out of 5,ok,good and prices are good
Torano Dominico,4 out of 5,Good everyday smoke.,Good everyday smoke.
Torano Exodus 1959 '50 Years',5 out of 5,Excellent!,Excellent!
Torano Exodus 1959 '50 Years',5 out of 5,Smooth great flavor,Smooth great flavor
Torano Exodus 1959 '50 Years',4 out of 5,Nice smoke.,"I believe this cigar should actually have a 4.5 star rating. Good draw, even burn, enjoyable flavor. Very satisfied with this Torano."
Torano Exodus 1959 '50 Years',3 out of 5,Was okay,Was okay
Torano Exodus 1959 '50 Years',5 out of 5,"Excellent flavor, another of my","Excellent flavor, another of my favorite"
Torano Exodus 1959 '50 Years',5 out of 5,Aaron’s Review,"First time trying this brand. One of the best decisions I have made. Excellent stick with a smooth draw, at at a good price."
Torano Exodus 1959 '50 Years',5 out of 5,Exodus 1959 the Bomb,Excellent cigar
Torano Exodus 1959 '50 Years',5 out of 5,I have a new Favorite!!,Definitely a good buy has become one of my favorite sticks.
Torano Exodus 1959 '50 Years',5 out of 5,My go to !!,Excellent stick. Really tasty and enjoyable I recommend the 50 year as opposed to the regular exodus 1959. The 50 years is such a better smoke
Torano Exodus 1959 '50 Years',5 out of 5,Great cigars,Great cigars for an even better price
Torano Exodus 1959 '50 Years',5 out of 5,Superb construction and flavor.,"Got these at a great price over a year ago. Aging them is well deserved. Fantastic razor burn line, white ash, smooth draw. Flavor is cocoa forward with some leather and spice. Never needs a relight or correction. Will definitely buy another box."
Torano Exodus 1959 '50 Years',5 out of 5,Wow! Great smoke from beginning to end!,"All I can say is WOW! Awesome smoke! Love the box-pressed! Added to my top 5 list! Great, even, slow burn. Never had to re-light. Nice mix of pepper, chocolate in coffee (in my opinion). Will be adding more of these to the humidor in the future!"
Torano Exodus 1959 '50 Years',5 out of 5,Mistake,"My first mistake was only buying 5, my second mistake was giving 2 away. I'm coming back for these on a regular basis!!"
Torano Exodus 1959 '50 Years',5 out of 5,Nice one!,"Seriously nice cigar, Plenty of taste & strength , but doesn't bite, not for the mild."
Torano Exodus 1959 '50 Years',5 out of 5,Very enjoyable smoke,"Easy draw, toasty and nutty flavor and smooth the whole wat through. Great construction."
Torano Exodus 1959 '50 Years',5 out of 5,Delicious stick for enjoyment.,"Excellent smoke! Tasty throughout, with full bodied flavor. Perfect burn and draw. Loved it and will buy it again. I want this one in my humidor at all times!"
Torano Exodus 1959 '50 Years',5 out of 5,Bring back the Toro L.E. it's the perfect size!!!,This a great cigar. I wish they would bring back the Toro Limited Edition as it's their best size in this cigar and I only have 2 left.
Torano Exodus 1959 '50 Years',5 out of 5,Torano Exodus surprises!,this is a flavorful and mellow anytime smoked that I must say did not surprise me as they came highly recommenced. I will order again and again.
Torano Exodus 1959 '50 Years',5 out of 5,Good Smoke,"Its a pleasant, no surprises smoke that's worth the money."
Torano Exodus 1959 '50 Years',5 out of 5,small but just right,These Toranos are great for a shorter smoke and a medium strength.
Torano Exodus 1959 '50 Years',5 out of 5,A must have for my humidor,there are few cigars that linger in my pallet but this one has me constantly thinking about the last time I enjoyed one. Very rich tobacco flavor that draws into a delicate silky smoke but finishes with robust and cedar like notes
Torano Exodus 1959 '50 Years',5 out of 5,A very good cigar,"I seldom give 5 star but this one is worth it. The cigar is a full body smooth cigar. It is not over powering. Smooth burn, it is my go to cigar to relax"
Torano Exodus 1959 '50 Years',5 out of 5,Go to smoke!,Great smoke at a great price. Get ‘em before they’re gone.
Torano Exodus 1959 '50 Years',4 out of 5,Try it,A hearty well-made cigar that offers plenty of smoke without being too strong.
Torano Exodus 1959 '50 Years',5 out of 5,The best Carlos torano exodus,The best Carlos torano exodus 1959 do not Stop selling.
Torano Exodus 1959 '50 Years',5 out of 5,great servise,love this cigar
Torano Exodus 1959 '50 Years',5 out of 5,Excellent!,"Excellent! It won’t disappoint! I got this in my monthly sampler and it’s one of the best so far. Thanks CI, and Happy Anniversary Torano Family. Great cigar!"
Torano Exodus 1959 '50 Years',5 out of 5,Torañolicious,"This is one of my favorites. Great draw, great flavor. Just an overall great smoke."
Torano Exodus 1959 '50 Years',5 out of 5,Robusto 5X50 ~ Killer!,Excellent cigar! Flavor hog! Starts really nice and stays that way to the nub. Evolves subtly but pretty much consistent. This cigar lasts as long as many larger cigars which was a pleasant surprise as I enjoyed it to the nub. Doesn’t get hot at the end which I loved. Highly recommend!🤙🏽
Torano Exodus 1959 '50 Years',5 out of 5,Wow,How this cigar is only rated a 92 is beyond me. This was a nice find for me. Lighting the cigar there is no harshness at the start but it lets you know you're in for a great smoke. My only complaint is that it doesn't come in a toro.
Torano Exodus 1959 '50 Years',4 out of 5,4.8 | Satisfaction Far Beyond the Nub,"A solid 4.8 - this cigar rendered satisfaction beyond the nub! Delectably tasty to the very last puff. A bit tight on the cold draw, but after a few drags in, the notably crafted blend opens up to a deep array of complex flavors. Plenty of cocoa, coffee, and touch of sweetness throughout tonight's smoking experience. The stick was exceptionally well combined and constructed right on down to the very end. Highly recommend!!! By the maker (Torano), the taste, the quality, and the backstory, it is easy to understand why this label attained very high marks by cigar enthusiasts from around the world! Thank you again CI! T :-)"
Torano Exodus 1959 '50 Years',4 out of 5,Good for the price,Overall this is a decent cigar. If aged a bit I think it would better. The draw can be a little tight.
Torano Exodus 1959 '50 Years',4 out of 5,A good stick,"Plenty of flavor, a nice burn, great price"
Torano Exodus 1959 '50 Years',4 out of 5,First time,"Excellent cigar. Great flavor, burns even to the end and is rolled nice and dense"
Torano Exodus 1959 '50 Years',5 out of 5,EXCELLENT CIGARS!,I had never tried these before and I was pleasantly surprised. Excellent flavor and just right between full bodied and mild. I will definitely buy these again! I smoked my last one last night...time to re-order!
Torano Exodus 1959 '50 Years',5 out of 5,One of my favorites,This is absolutely one of my favorite cigars. I’ve purchased all the exodus cigars and the flavor and strength is consistently perfect. After I found these jewels it’s been difficult to try anything else.
Torano Exodus 1959 '50 Years',4 out of 5,Nice,"Good cigar, nice burn, not overwhelming..... just good"
Torano Exodus 1959 '50 Years',5 out of 5,Great,Great
Torano Exodus 1959 '50 Years',5 out of 5,1959 a very good year!,"Torano's have always been one of my favorite smokes. This cigar smells great out of the rapper, smokes evenly and is an all time tasty cigar. Have smoked many and haven't been disappointed."
Torano Exodus 1959 '50 Years',5 out of 5,great smoke,great smoke
Torano Exodus 1959 '50 Years',5 out of 5,Outstanding!,I love this cigar! Burns smoothly and evens. Tastes great and maintains its great tastes throughout the smoke.
Torano Exodus 1959 '50 Years',4 out of 5,Upto par!,"These Toraños are, simply put, “ a good smoke”. However, the included bonus Gurka five pack, was not very well put together since it was falling apart from the moment you touch it."
Torano Exodus 1959 '50 Years',5 out of 5,Very good,Very good
Torano Exodus 1959 '50 Years',5 out of 5,Reaffirmed as my favorite!,The Robusto has been my favorite cigar for awhile. But these BFCs are delicious!
Torano Exodus 1959 '50 Years',5 out of 5,Torano Exodus 1959,Great smoke
Torano Exodus 1959 '50 Years',4 out of 5,A very good cigar,"this was my first time buying this specific Torano. They were a feature cigar at a good price. I smoked 3 to date. They are well constructed, medium draw and burn evenly. Good to great taste as my rating reflects. All my experience with Torano cigars have been 4 and above."
Torano Exodus 1959 '50 Years',3 out of 5,Good not great,I really like the taste of this cigar. Unfortunately they are hard to smoke. I had 5 and they were all very tightly packed. It was hard work to draw some smoke. I have 5 more I will let age for a while with hope that they get better
Torano Exodus 1959 '50 Years',5 out of 5,A spicy and flavorful cigar,"A spicy and flavorful cigar that emits luxurious clouds of smoke. Great choice for a reasonably quick smoke. I love this everyday, go to Cigar."
Torano Exodus 1959 '50 Years',5 out of 5,Delicious!,Delicious!
Torano Exodus 1959 '50 Years',5 out of 5,Great Look / Very Good Performance,Great Cigar for me. Always want to have a few in my humidor. Great price
Torano Exodus Gold 1959,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Torano Exodus Gold 1959,5 out of 5,Surprised at How Fantastic This Smoke Was,"Wow! I like Torano's but this smoke was a surprise. Fantastic! Love it. Even burn, great taste all the way to the nub. Will definitely be buying again."
Torano Exodus Gold 1959,5 out of 5,Excellent Smoke,"excellent flavor, smooth smoke no peppered taste at the end."
Torano Exodus Gold 1959,5 out of 5,Delectable,Medium bodied with a quintessential draw that would make any gentleman proud.
Torano Exodus Gold 1959,5 out of 5,The best,"This is one of the tastiest cigars I have ever smoked! Hard to believe it's not flavored as I actually COULD taste chocolate and nuts from light up to the nub.The finish seemed to last half an hour after it was done as I kept smacking my lips at least that long.Bought a five pack then bought a box they were so good.Almost done with the box and not a bad one in the bunch.My only quandry is do I get robusto which my five pack was or toro which my box was.They tasted the same except the robusto was a little stronger in flavor though the toro last's longer...what to do,maybe one of each? They are that good.The smoke emitted has that well aged yellowish whiteish look to it and the even burn tops this well rolled stick off.I have tried a lot of different brands over the years and this is a fantastic medium bodied cigar well worth the money."
Torano Exodus Gold 1959,5 out of 5,Exodus gold,Stands up to its name. Every smoke a delicious delight with a delicious sweet spot
Torano Exodus Gold 1959,5 out of 5,Very consistent quality and taste!,Very consistent quality and taste!
Torano Exodus Gold 1959,4 out of 5,Torano Exodus gold 1959 robusto,Nice burn and taste with a good price
Torano Exodus Gold 1959,5 out of 5,Torano Exodus Gold 1959 Robusto,"One of my favorite robustos.
An outstanding cigar.
Thanks for the Great Deal CI !!!"
Torano Exodus Gold 1959,4 out of 5,Quality Smoke,I am enjoying the Torano Exodus. Very well assembled and rolled nicely. Smokes very well and burns perfectly.
Torano Exodus Gold 1959,5 out of 5,Toraño,"Very nice, tasty, solid constuction😎"
Torano Exodus Gold 1959,5 out of 5,"WOW , Awesome, a great smoke.",these are the very best
Torano Exodus Gold 1959,4 out of 5,There fine,There fine
Torano Exodus Gold 1959,4 out of 5,Pretty darned good smoke!,"I was both very pleased and amazed at how good this cigar is. Smooth, aromatic, and enjoyable burn."
Torano Exodus Gold 1959,5 out of 5,Always great!,Still one of the best that Torano made
Torano Exodus Gold 1959,5 out of 5,Torano Exodus gold 1959,A good box pressed smoke. 2 weeks in the humidor before smoking makes them better. The larger 54 ring size box pressed is even better. Hope the become available soon. Good flavor throughout the burn. I’m buying more Torano cigars! Good value for a quality smoke.
Torano Exodus Gold 1959,4 out of 5,Great cigar right to the,Great cigar right to the nub
Torano Exodus Gold 1959,4 out of 5,Not bad,Not bad
Torano Exodus Gold 1959,5 out of 5,Torano exodus gold,"If i had to pick only 5 different cigars to smoke forever, these, my friends, would be in the running for sure"
Torano Exodus Gold 1959,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"One of my favorites good smoke,nice pepper near the end good balance for me!"
Torano Exodus Gold 1959,5 out of 5,Deal,Excellent value
Torano Exodus Gold 1959,4 out of 5,Great golfing cigar,Great golfing cigar
Torano Exodus Gold 1959,4 out of 5,Titanic Exodus,"Good flavor, evenly burn!"
Torano Exodus Gold 1959,5 out of 5,Stopped searching for my favorite cigar!!,The only cigar I buy now. Consistently smooth smoke>
Torano Exodus Gold 1959,4 out of 5,No expert but I know what I like.,"Best Torano variant I've tried. I keep coming back to this box pressed cigar for the price and consistency. I was glad when they showed up again after
being off the market for a time."
Torano Exodus Gold 1959,5 out of 5,In my Top 5,Always consistently great from lighting it up to putting it out. One of my top 5 favorite cigars!
Torano Exodus Gold 1959,5 out of 5,Very good cigar,Very good cigar
Torano Exodus Gold 1959,5 out of 5,These are great,These are great
Torano Exodus Gold 1959,5 out of 5,Torano Exodus 1959,"The best cigar for the price paid, inspirational, priceless..."
Torano Exodus Gold 1959,5 out of 5,Good cigar,Good everyday smoke
Torano Exodus Gold 1959,3 out of 5,The cigars are harsh but,The cigars are harsh but should mellow nicely with age.
Torano Exodus Gold 1959,4 out of 5,Great Smoke,First time trying this cigar and was not disappointed!!
Torano Exodus Gold 1959,4 out of 5,Torano Exodus gold 1959 Robusto,"Not a bad cigar, but I like the other Torano cigars little better. I will say that Cigar International really gets an A+++ for extremely quick shipping. Other companies should take note how CI handles their customer’s orders so quickly!"
Torano Exodus Gold 1959,4 out of 5,Great Cigar,"The Torano 1959 is great cigar, smokes and tastes great. The only down fall is that you don't get the packaging from Torano. Cigar International opens for a so called inspection and takes out the humidifier packet from Torano and repackages them without one, which leaves you not knowing how long they were on the shelf."
Torano Exodus Gold 1959,3 out of 5,Average,Taste ok burn not ok draw good rebuy in question
Torano Exodus Gold 1959,5 out of 5,Tornano 1959,"One of the best cigars you can buy, love them"
Torano Exodus Gold 1959,5 out of 5,Great stick,Can’t go wrong with this one!!!!
Torano Exodus Gold 1959,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,"Wonderful, even burning, a real pleaser! I tried a couple in a sampler and then bought a box. Great everyday cigar!"
Torano Exodus Gold 1959,5 out of 5,Even good with morning coffee.,"What a great smoke with a coffee. Perfect cheap ""go to cigar""."
Torano Exodus Gold 1959,5 out of 5,Best cigar,This is my go to and every day cigar. I’ve never been able to find a better cigar even at twice the price. Do yourself a favor and try this cigar you will never go back.
Torano Exodus Gold 1959,5 out of 5,Best tasting Cigar Ever,I have been smoking this style cigar for a very longtime. And I feel so far it's the best for the price..
Torano Exodus Gold 1959,4 out of 5,Good with Coffee,"I like it as a morning cigar with a nice cup of coffee, good box press makes it a nice smooth smoke."
Torano Exodus Gold 1959,4 out of 5,Worth a try,"got these because of the price and was pleasantly surprised by the medium to full body flavor, smoked like a larger gauge cigar."
Torano Exodus Gold 1959,5 out of 5,Great,Excellent cigars great deal
Torano Exodus Gold 1959,5 out of 5,Great cigar,The Torano Exodus is simply one of the best cigars on the market and you can't go wrong at CI prices.
Torano Exodus Gold 1959,5 out of 5,Historically one of my favorite brands is the Torano line.,"Just two months ago I smoked my very last Toano Trillogy - God I miss those. What a fine job they did making those, so smooth with a very fine and slightly sweet tobacco flavor on the finish. The Exodus is my cigar o choice for the replacement of the Trillogy.
Out of the box the cigar is somewhat harder than the Trillogy, but smells almost the same. After a week in the humidor it burns nicely and has a pleasant, but sharp aroma on the after burn. It mellows nicely and pairs well with a GOOD cup of coffee or strong craft beer.
I will continueto buy these until Torrano stops making them. Now if we just get some more boxes of the Robusto sized Prensanados from Alec Bradley we would be golden."
Torano Exodus Gold 1959,5 out of 5,The Carlos Torano Cameroon beauty.,"Loved them, though a little stronger than I thought they should be, but enjoyable."
Torano Exodus Gold 1959,5 out of 5,Great Cigars,These are the best cigars that I have smoked.
Torano Exodus Gold 1959,5 out of 5,"Consistently, the most well rounded smoke..","Consistently, the most well rounded smoke.. Full. slow burning with a solid flavor & aroma..."
Torano Exodus Gold 1959,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar,Excellent cigar.
Torano Hogshead,4 out of 5,Go too cigar,"Great value for the buck!
Good daily smoke"
Torano Hogshead,5 out of 5,Torano Hogshead,This is a well constructed cigar with good flavors throughout. Great smoke for when I'm out fishing.
Torano Hogshead,5 out of 5,Just Awesome!,One of my favorite cigars in this store. Great taste and stays lit the entire time. Just don't like it when I am done cause i want more. This is an awesome cigar!
Torano Hogshead,5 out of 5,Torpedos,Very good smoke from start to finish!
Torano Hogshead,4 out of 5,Well wirth the money,Well wirth the money
Torano Hogshead,4 out of 5,Cigars,They weren't too bad!
Torano Hogshead,4 out of 5,J DiB,Well balanced great daily smoke
Torano Hogshead,4 out of 5,Solid cigar,Good cigar for a casual “sit out on the porch” evening some.
Torano Hogshead,5 out of 5,Torano Hogshead,Lots of great flavors throughout.
Torano Hogshead,4 out of 5,Hogshead,A good cigar.
Torano Hogshead,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Torano Hogshead,4 out of 5,Decent,Decent
Torano Hogshead,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Torano Hogshead,3 out of 5,"Even slow burn, smooth, a","Even slow burn, smooth, a slight sweetness."
Torano Hogshead,5 out of 5,Nice cigar,Smooth and mellow. Just a nice cigar
Torano Hogshead,3 out of 5,Easy smoke. Good price.,Easy smoke. Good price.
Torano Hogshead,5 out of 5,Great value!,Great roll. Medium to full. I’m making it my daily. I’ll order more !
Torano Hogshead,5 out of 5,enjoying the HOG,"a relaxing,enjoyable smoke. Keep them coming!"
Torano Hogshead,5 out of 5,Good flavor',Easy draw. Really like this cigar.
Torano Hogshead,5 out of 5,Sweet Hog,Great smoke. Great price and sweet taste
Torano Hogshead,3 out of 5,Middle of the road,Ok. Golf course enjoyment. I’m a Torano fan so these are average for their line of products. A few burn issues now and then nothing to freak about. Will buy again.
Torano Hogshead,4 out of 5,good taste until the end,"good taste until the end , very good price for the cigar and good flavor thruoghout"
Torano Hogshead,4 out of 5,Hogshead,Easily an everyday smoke smooth and flavorful another great edition to the Torano line
Torano Hogshead,4 out of 5,"Good every day cigar. Smooth,consistent","Good every day cigar. Smooth,consistent burn and taste from being too end."
Torano Hogshead,4 out of 5,Hogshead Review,"I used to be a big Torano fan but have not smoked any in several years. This was a great deal and a pleasant surprise. I like the flavor, draws well and re-lights without backing up and becoming bitter or sharp. I shall definitely be purchasing this one again."
Torano Hogshead,4 out of 5,They taste good,They taste good
Torano Hogshead,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Loved 'em for the patio. An occasional uneven burn but no severe tunneling.
Torano Hogshead,4 out of 5,Good cigar for the price,Good cigar for the price
Torano Hogshead,3 out of 5,Good cheap cigar,"Good for a cheap every day cigar, not sure yet if I will get them in the future."
Torano Hogshead,5 out of 5,Hogshead,Very good cigar
Torano Hogshead,5 out of 5,Can't beat the price for,Can't beat the price for a great every day smoke.
Torano Hogshead,4 out of 5,Torino Hogs Head - Torpedo,"A very good, economical cigar. I will order more."
Torano Hogshead,4 out of 5,Torano Hogshead,Good smoking cigar! I've tried most of the Torano Brand and have been very satisfied with all.
Torano Hogshead,5 out of 5,Good cigars for the price,Smooth cigars good pull burns slowly
Torano Hogshead,3 out of 5,Hog's Head,A great backyard summer cigar that I can enjoy on my budget. I will be ordering more soon!
Torano Hogshead,4 out of 5,This is a somewhat bold,This is a somewhat bold tasting cigar. My only complaint is that about half of then don't draw very well
Torano Hogshead,5 out of 5,Surprisingly Good,"For the money you can’t beat this cigar...good burn, easy draw. Will definately be part of my humidor."
Torano Hogshead,4 out of 5,not bad,"tasty, find that some have a hard draw but over all a good value"
Torano Hogshead,4 out of 5,Great cigar,Burns even but a bit fast. Great consistent taste though. Will order again
Torano Hogshead,3 out of 5,Hogs head,Nice smoke for the price
Torano Hogshead,5 out of 5,Smooth Hog,Great smoke and lasting flavor.
Torano Hogshead,4 out of 5,Astonishingly good smoke for the,"Astonishingly good smoke for the price. Well built, flawless burn, lots of lovely rich smoke, medium to full body, warm but not sweet flavor profile, with a slightly rough, earthy edge (which I enjoy). A long tasty finish. They were the hit of the golf weekend with the brothers."
Torano Hogshead,4 out of 5,Torano Hogshead Toro,"Good mild lawwnmower cigar, burns fast"
Torano Hogshead,5 out of 5,Torano Hogshead,"Good smoking cigar, would buy again"
Torano Hogshead,3 out of 5,Nice cigar,Nice cigar
Torano Hogshead,3 out of 5,BTMP,"Good smoke , a little strong"
Torano Hogshead,4 out of 5,Nice draw,Good draw. Solid ash. Semi mild.
Torano Hogshead,4 out of 5,hogshead toro,I gave these a 4 because the ones I've smoked so far little harsh last third but I like everything else
Torano Hogshead,4 out of 5,Good purchase,Good stout cigar good value cheap price. Good cigar to hand to friends make em think you're a big spender.
Torano Hogshead,3 out of 5,Nice everyday smoke.,Nice everyday smoke.
Torano Noventa,4 out of 5,AN,A really good smoke. Easy draw and flavorful.
Torano Noventa,5 out of 5,A good cigar,"This is one of my regulars. It has a nice taste, burns well, and comes in a nice reusable wooden box which keeps them well if your humidor is full for the moment."
Torano Noventa,3 out of 5,Torano Noventa,Perfect cigar in every way. Not much flavor. Some coffee that’s it.
Torano Noventa,5 out of 5,SUPERB MEDIUM STRENGTH STICK,"I STUMBLED UPON THESE ON CI & BOUGHT A BOX EARLY IN MY CIGAR EXPERIMENTING PROCESS. I DIDN'T REALIZE A YEAR AGO JUST HOW GOOD THIS NOVENTA REALLY IS. NICE EVEN BURN, LOTS OF THICK SMOKE & BUT THE TASTE IS INCREDIBLE FOR A MEDIUM STRENGTH STICK. I HAS A SUBTLE SWEET UNDERTASTE. I ALSO ENJOY THE EXODUS 1959 WHICH IS MUCH STRONGER. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THE NOVENTA. GREAT, GREAT STICK."
Torano Noventa,5 out of 5,Excellent wrapping and great flavor. Beats many much more expensive cigars.,Excellent wrapping and great flavor. Beats many much more expensive cigars.
Torano Noventa,4 out of 5,i liked it,pretty decent
Torano Noventa,5 out of 5,"Taste great, burned evenly, just","Taste great, burned evenly, just took too long to get here"
Torano Noventa,4 out of 5,very mild flavor.,very mild flavor.
Torano Noventa,5 out of 5,Good buy,Loved it
Torano Noventa,5 out of 5,Outstanding value.,"My favorite every day smoke. Very consistent in construction and burn, and flavor. You won't want to put it out."
Torano Noventa,5 out of 5,Excellent Cigar,Really enjoyed the smooth even smoke. Definitely will order these again.
Torano Noventa,4 out of 5,Mello,Nice easy smoke. Good burn.
Torano Noventa,4 out of 5,Good smoke,"Really like this cigar, smoked so well and two of my friends I have one to we’re going to order them too"
Torano Noventa,4 out of 5,Good cigar. Would buy again.,Good cigar. Would buy again.
Torano Noventa,3 out of 5,Love the Torano brand,It's as good as you would expect from this outfit and their celebratory smoke.
Torano Noventa,5 out of 5,Wonderful cigar with a great,Wonderful cigar with a great presentation!
Torano Noventa,5 out of 5,A special treat!,"I expected a good smoke from a Carlos Torano cigar. This one exceeded my expectations! Great construction, smooth draw and burn and outstanding flavor. Home run!"
Torano Noventa,5 out of 5,Only first one,I smoked one three days after receiving them. A top notch smoke. Burned straight and enough kick. A cool weather cigar that makes for a pleasant evening. Note I usually have a mild one. Retirement does that.
Torano Noventa,5 out of 5,Great draw and taste,I've only had a few but they are a nice drawing cigar with a smooth taste. It came in a a great wooden box
Torano Noventa,5 out of 5,great cigar for a great,"great cigar for a great price -- great flavor, and great draw -- always a winner"
Torano Noventa,4 out of 5,OK not great,Nice cigar they were good but not great. They should have been maduro.
Torano Noventa,5 out of 5,smooth,smooth
Torano Noventa,4 out of 5,A good mellow stick,"These sticks are very enjoyable. More than I expected. Very well constructed, good looking and a prefect burn. Yes I will buy them again."
Torano Noventa,5 out of 5,enjoyed this smoke,this is a fine smoke - i'd buy it for friends
Torano Noventa,5 out of 5,Good find for less than $3,This is a nice cigar. It is underpriced in my opinion. A great bargain for less than $3.
Torano Noventa,4 out of 5,Surprisingly pleasant!,Pretty decent everyday smoke! Even flavor all the way through!
Torano Noventa,5 out of 5,one more on my list !!!,"this is a great cigar long even burn, great taste all the way! thanks for this."
Torano Noventa,4 out of 5,Good cigars,Good cigars
Torano Noventa,5 out of 5,very nice draw.,very nice draw.
Torano Noventa,5 out of 5,"Im no “expert”, so I","Im no “expert”, so I don’t know about hints of leather, chocolate, berries, nuclear material, etc; but for about an hour this stick had an easy draw, even burn, perfect ash, right down to the band without any relighting. The smoke gave a pleasant feeling in my mouth and nose. It is not strong nor very mild, but pleasantly in between. I enjoyed this with a nice Zinfandel in a thin wine goblet. EXcellent!"
Torano Noventa,4 out of 5,Titanic noventa,"Smooth draw, rich taste, nice ash and burns easy!"
Torano Noventa,4 out of 5,These will be amazing after a few years aging,"I prefer my cigars aged a few years, this hefty stick has a smooth, even burn, no bitterness and a well balanced taste with nothing overpowering."
Torano Noventa,4 out of 5,"Well made, consistent even burn","Well made, consistent even burn and smooth from head to toe"
Torano Noventa,5 out of 5,Nice smooth smoke.,Nice smooth smoke.
Torano Noventa,5 out of 5,Excellent!,Well-constricted and flavorful! Recommended!
Torano Noventa,5 out of 5,A 1,A 1
Torano Noventa,5 out of 5,reliable,A nice everyday cigar. Fairly mild with a mild finish.
Torano Noventa,4 out of 5,Good Sale,"Good cigar at a great price.
Love the box."
Torano Noventa,4 out of 5,Great cigar,"excellent cigar . Slow burn, easy draw,"
Torano Noventa,5 out of 5,Hidden Gem,Medium bodied cigar. Well constructed and good for a shortersmoke on the porch in cooler weather.
Torano Noventa,4 out of 5,Excellent Cigar,Excellent Cigar
Torano Noventa,4 out of 5,Excellent smoke,"Smooth draw, medium strength. Well worth the price. Elegant box"
Torano Noventa,5 out of 5,"Very good smoke, sorry I","Very good smoke, sorry I didn’t order more then one"
Torano Noventa,3 out of 5,Ok,Ok
Torano Noventa,4 out of 5,"Good construction, even burn,tasty.","Good construction, even burn,tasty."
Torano Noventa,4 out of 5,Medium and smooth,Medium and smooth
Torano Noventa,5 out of 5,Nice every day smoke down to the label.,I have their Gordo 6X60 I like as well
Torano Noventa,5 out of 5,This is my favorite smoke,"If you want a fantastic cigar, smoke one of these bad boys. Better yet, get a whole box! I’ve had several boxes of these and they are consistently full of flavor."
Torano Noventa,4 out of 5,Very good cigar,A very good everyday cigar.
Torano Noventa,4 out of 5,Good cigars,Good cigars
Torano Reserva Decadencia,5 out of 5,What a nice surprise,Wow! The first puff is when I new I had chosen a winner for my personal preferences. This cigar has no bad after-taste.
Torano Reserva Decadencia,5 out of 5,You Can't Just Have One,Amazing! Smooth taste and no sour aftertaste. I've ordered box after box after box! It's perfect for a special occasion and also as a daily smoke. It's classy but affordable. Highly recommend!
Torano Reserva Decadencia,5 out of 5,AWESOME SMOKE!!,"I love this cigar-it is absolutely wonderful. I have tried many infused cigars and this one is my best choice. The one thing that makes it so great is the consistency-you get the same great burn/draw/taste/moderate amounts of smoke throughout the whole box. No cracked wrappers; hot draws, or any other issues with this brand-the same great smoke everytime. The price is a little high for me but I gladly spend it cuz its the enjoyment that makes it worth while."
Torano Reserva Decadencia,5 out of 5,Excellent,"Awesome cigar.. Got them on a great sale. Very subtle flavor not overpowering. Both my father in law and best friend do not like flavoured cigars, both loved the one I gave them. Perfect for the hot tub on a cold night with wine or a glass of whiskey. Must try. Nicely constructed, quality, smooth even burn."
Torano Reserva Decadencia,4 out of 5,Very different smoke,The infusion from wine barrels makes this a very unique cigar. Kind of like having dessert after dinner. My wife even likes it and she is an LFD digger kind of girl.
Torano Reserva Decadencia,5 out of 5,Bravo!,"Wow! What a treat. Its on the very mild side with flavors that enhance the smoke, but do not overpower the cigar like many do. Its consistent through all thirds, with an even burn. This is the cigar you put down the lap top, grab your favorite brown liquor in a snifter relax and enjoy."
Torano Reserva Decadencia,5 out of 5,Best of the BEST!,Best Cigar!
Torano Reserva Decadencia,5 out of 5,Delicious,"I’m not really a big fan of infused cigars, but these are like smoking a Hershey bar with a port chaser. It delivers a flawless two hour burn, luscious volumes of smooth smoke and an aroma like no other. I should have bought four boxes."
Torano Reserva Decadencia,5 out of 5,worth it,i don't smoke many cigars. i don't like strong cigars that make me sick. my favorites are the Rocky Patel 1990 and these. they're not cheap - but they're nice & smooth.
Torano Reserva Decadencia,5 out of 5,AWESOME CIGAR!,"One of the best, if not the best, mild cigar I have smoked..Absolutely smooth, great taste, just delicious!"
Torano Reserva Decadencia,5 out of 5,Torano Reserva Decadencia Robusto,This is a great 5 star cigar!
Torano Reserva Decadencia,5 out of 5,The Best!,The Best!
Torano Reserva Decadencia,5 out of 5,This cigar is often backordered... try one and you'll see why.,"These cigars are often backordered so I'm in a bit of a quandary as to whether or not I should write the glowing review that this cigar really deserves. My selfish concern is that they will become even more difficult to procure. Here it goes anyway... This is a cigar that you light up and say ""wow, is this good!"" If you're with friends, everyone verbalizes it many times during the smoke. If you're by yourself, you keep thinking it. So much fun to share these with others. The next day I inevitably get the call or text, ""tell me again the name of that cigar you gave me, I want to order some."" This is a crowd pleaser! I'm not going to get into the flavors of the cigar, except to say that it has a wonderful rich balance that is not too overpowering. I'd describe it as ""richly mild."" I also love it that these are in glass tubes. I travel a lot and live out of a suitcase. The glass tube is convenient for protection and presents no security issues with carry-on luggage and TSA as an aluminum tube might. Plus, presenting a glass-tubed and sealed cigar to a friend always seems to be received as something special.... and in the case of these wonderful cigars, it is! Lastly, this is my first review. I used to smoke cigars regularly. Now I am an occasional cigar smoker.... maybe a few times a month. Not much expertise on the technicalities of the smoke itself, just sharing my experiences of memorable enjoyment this particular cigar seems to elicit. (Wring this review on a smartphone. Please excuse any typos.)"
Torano Reserva Decadencia,5 out of 5,Decadencia,Super smooth and fine.....well worth even if they are on back order.....top of the line
Torano Reserva Decadencia,5 out of 5,Best cigar I've ever had.,One of the smoothest cigars I've ever tried. Pricey but worth it
Torano Reserva Decadencia,5 out of 5,Best Cigars I've Ever Tasted,"I sampled these cigars some time ago, I was so impressed by their smoothness and taste that I ordered a case. The only problem is that they come in glass tubes and two of the tubes broke during shipment. Nice presentation, but the box is bigger than the 20 cigars and they rattle around inside. Wonderful cigars, however."
Torano Reserva Decadencia,5 out of 5,james essary,one of the best I ever smoked
Torano Reserva Decadencia,5 out of 5,Mild but flavorful,"My all time favorite for relaxing, goes good with a evening Scotch"
Torano Reserva Decadencia,5 out of 5,$$$,very good for the price
Torano Reserva Decadencia,5 out of 5,Steve Hall,"I smoke many different cigars, but I have found the Torano Decadencia to be one of the best tasting and consistent cigars. The moisture content and packaging are well worth trying. I highly recommend this cigar."
Torano Reserva Decadencia,5 out of 5,Decadent,"This cigar is the perfect end to a day, or followup to an awesome meal. Goes great with a glass of Merlot, cup of coffee or my favorite a Scotch on the rocks. Very smooth, subtle chocolate undertone. This is my go to cigar hands down"
Torano Reserva Decadencia,5 out of 5,"Delicious and smooth, the perfect any time cigar!","I have been a fan of the Reserva Decadencia for a couple of years now. Well constructed, even burn, excellent end cap. The smoke is creamy and smooth, the flavor profile ranges from milk chocolate at the light to a delicious red wine at the finish. The individual tubos occasionally keep the cigar a little on the damp side, making the draw too tight, but simply open the tube in your humidor a couple of days prior to smoke, and they are perfect!!!"
Torano Vault D-042,4 out of 5,nice,Not the most flavorful Torano blend but nice construction/draw; bargain 3 buck stick.
Torano Vault D-042,5 out of 5,Jwales,"Kind of a Torano fan. Enjoy the Dominco and the Exodus 1959, 50 years in Robusto also. This has the consistent smooth draw that I like. Great flavor to the last draw. Would purchase again."
Torano Vault D-042,5 out of 5,SMOOTH WITH GUSTO,Burns nice along with great taste for a smoke with gusto!
Torano Vault D-042,4 out of 5,Tasted great. Good burn!,Tasted great. Good burn!
Torano Vault D-042,4 out of 5,A decent cigar at a,A decent cigar at a very good price.
Torano Vault D-042,4 out of 5,Another terrific smoke!,"Pleasantly surprised with this moderately priced cigar bundle. It's a bit stronger than I am used to, so I take it slow and easy, which is fine.
It's well constructed, easy draw, even burn and nice aroma. Worth a try 😉!"
Torano Vault D-042,4 out of 5,Smooth taste with a great,Smooth taste with a great draw!
Torano Vault D-042,5 out of 5,One of my favorites,"Again another good batch of Torano Vaults. Smooth, consistent draw, good burn."
Torano Vault D-042,4 out of 5,Outer wrapper unravel us on,Outer wrapper unravel us on some!
Torano Vault D-042,5 out of 5,torano vault d042 torpedo,great smoke my second order. price vg.
Torano Vault D-042,5 out of 5,"Great taste, slow burn, nice","Great taste, slow burn, nice cigar and a great price"
Torano Vault D-042,5 out of 5,Great cigar at a great,Great cigar at a great price
Torano Vault D-042,3 out of 5,Ice tea fueled daily burner,This is that little line of an okay cigar made by a good company. This stick is something you can torch off and chew on while you’re sitting on the deck reading FB posts after a hard days work. Try one with a tall glass of unsweetened ice tea you will surprised by the flavors that burst from the smoke.
Torano Vault D-042,5 out of 5,Great smoke. Great flavor easy,Great smoke. Great flavor easy draw
Torano Vault D-042,4 out of 5,torano vault d_042,great flavour. smoht draw
Torano Vault D-042,4 out of 5,Good Value,"Smooth, robust, slow burn"
Torano Vault D-042,5 out of 5,Nice Smoke!,"These cigars are very nice, with good flavor and a satisfying smoking experience."
Torano Vault D-042,4 out of 5,Smooth well made smoke,Smooth well made smoke
Torano Vault D-042,5 out of 5,Torano Torpedo,"This cigar was outstanding. I know the brand but truly a masterpiece! Great draw ,med to strong just excellent!"
Torano Vault D-042,5 out of 5,Fine cigar with a Special Price.,"Paid $60. Now they want $136, so I'll pass."
Torano Vault D-042,5 out of 5,Torano Vault a Great Smoke,"I am very happy of my purchase of the Torano Vault D-042 Torpedo Cigars. A premium smoke at a bargain price. One of the best cigars that I have smoked. Draws great, burns evenly, and has a great flavor to the end."
Torano Vault D-042,4 out of 5,Good cigar but...,I’ve had Torano cigars in the past these have burned a little inconsistent.
Torano Vault D-042,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Torano Vault D-042,5 out of 5,Torano,Full flavor.. well done
Torano Vault D-042,4 out of 5,Carlos,Brilliant
Torano Vault D-042,4 out of 5,Price/value,A very good cigar for the price/value ratio.
Torano Vault D-042,5 out of 5,Torano fan,Epic in every aspect!!
Toscanello,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"Nice Little short smoke and very great flavor, burns nice . Really enjoyed smoking this."
Toscanello,5 out of 5,Toscanello,I prefer the vanilla ones for their flavor. Found these in Italy a few years ago. A daily pleasure..
Toscanello,5 out of 5,Toscanello,"A good, mild smoke."
Toscanello,5 out of 5,Good time,"Light, tasty"
Toscanello,5 out of 5,I love it!,"Beautiful, natural aroma of chocolate. No artificial sweetness. I smoke these every day."
Toscanello,4 out of 5,"Good quick smoke, flavorful","Good quick smoke, flavorful"
Toscanello,5 out of 5,Good cigarillos,Great smoke
Toscanello,5 out of 5,Watch out for the little guy.,An outstanding little cigar with big flavor.
Toscanello,4 out of 5,Great smoke,A very flavourful and enjoyable smoke.
Toscanello,5 out of 5,Tasty and quick smoke,Tasty and quick smoke
Toscanello,5 out of 5,Nice smoke,Just a beauty if you are looking for a short and tasty smoke.
Toscanello,4 out of 5,Good & quick smoke!,Good & quick smoke!
Toscanello,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Toscanello,5 out of 5,Tasty,Tasty
Toscanello,5 out of 5,toscanello,"I like these little suckers, ideal for a quick smoke full of flavor. a little precey"
Toscanello,5 out of 5,Chocolate is the way to go!,Best cigarillo. Italy knows what they're doing here.
Toscanello,5 out of 5,A very taste smoke.,A very taste smoke.
Toscanello,5 out of 5,Toscano,Great Smoke for the price point
Toscanello,5 out of 5,My wife liked it!,"I purchased these sticks for my wife as she likes flavoured smokes.....toscanello never fails in rhis type of cigars and the Anice was great, according to her!"
Toscanello,3 out of 5,Overpriced indulgence,"I bought a 5-pack of these just because the idea of a grappa-flavored cigar intrigued me, even though I thought the price was ridiculously high (and I still think so). It's an OK short smoke with only a mild grappa flavor. I might buy some more if I could get them for a buck apiece."
Toscanello,5 out of 5,Toscanello Grappas,"Love these cheruts ,nice flavor even Burn ,"
Toscanello,4 out of 5,"Tasty, aromatic and ugly to look at it.",Ugly as sin but smells and tastes great. Perfect for a quick smoke during the work day. Even people who hate the smell don't mind these !! If you don't mind a cheroot in the hand - you'll love these.
Toscanello,5 out of 5,Great smoke,A girlfriend of mine bought me this cigarillo while in Italy. I was hooked from the first one and I'm pleased that CI sells them. I highly recommend
Toscanello,4 out of 5,Nice!,"Great smoke, burn nicely......perfect for a shorter puff."
Toscano,5 out of 5,Toscano Classico,very hard to get in the us. great service. fast delivery
Toscano,5 out of 5,toscano classic,very hard to get in the us. great service
Toscano,5 out of 5,Classic!,"This is a classic Tuscan cigar, not for the faint of heart. Excellent for maduro lovers!"
Toscano,5 out of 5,"Very smooth, perfect cigar","Very smooth, perfect cigar"
Toscano,5 out of 5,Italian do it better!,"Great smoking, 100% relaxing"
Toscano,4 out of 5,Toscano,Good excepted some batches are too dry
Toscano,5 out of 5,Very good,Very good
Toscano,5 out of 5,So So Good,These are some tasty fire cured sticks. Mouthwatering tangy with a sweetness on the finish. They even taste good after going out and relighting the next day!
Toscano,5 out of 5,Extremely good short smoke! Srong,Extremely good short smoke! Srong and spicy.
Toscano,5 out of 5,Spaghetti Western Cigar,"This is a get smoke. Burns well, tastes perfect and lasts a decent amount of time. This is the perfect cigar if your not looking for a big sit down commitment!!! Plus the upside is you get to look cool as heck while enjoying a good quality smoke. So be like me, Clint Eastwood and Lee Van Cleef and smoke a quality winner. Let the Spaghetti Westerns live on. It also makes for a good conversation piece, for sure someone will wonder what your smoking."
Toscano,4 out of 5,enjoyed the smoke,enjoyed the smoke
Toscano,5 out of 5,Excellent cigars and excellent shipping service,Excellent cigars and excellent shipping service
Toscano,4 out of 5,Toscano Antico,"Nice price, different."
Toscano,3 out of 5,Too expensive,"Like Parodi, but cost 4 times as much. Might as well buy American."
Toscano,4 out of 5,finally available in the new world,"every trip back to the old country, my father and uncles are obligated to bring me back 4-5 packs of toscanos, now I dont have to wait."
Toscano,4 out of 5,surprisingly impressed,"A fine smoke for the price
I want more"
Toscano,5 out of 5,Love it,Love it
Toscano,5 out of 5,Classic Italian smoke,"Toscano cigars aren't meant to be compared to other long filler cigars, nor should they be. They are their own animal and a classic in Italy for a reason. I lived in Milan for a long time, and you see Toscano cigars being smoked more than any other type of cigar in the streets of Italian cities and towns. The flavor, strength and spiciness all are delivered consistently smoke after smoke and for a reasonable price. Half of a Toscano (cutting the whole ones in half are the norm) will smoke almost 30-45 minutes, or you can smoke them whole. If these are in your wheelhouse, once you get used to them they are hard to do without. Easy to carry, aren't as affected by humidity as other cigars, and downright delicious if you like a stronger smoke - these certainly aren't for the faint hearted crowd. The smell of a burning Toscano is a classic Italian experience, and in my opinion the Antico is the best of the varieties available. Follow up with an espresso and you've just had yourself a classic Italian experience."
Toscano,4 out of 5,Good smoke,"Cut these in half and the first smoke was okay. Not great. However, as I smoked the rest of it, it grew on me. I ended up really liking the taste. I'm interested in trying the Anticos now."
Toscano,5 out of 5,Sigari Toscano,Do not confuse these with American made fire-cured cheroots. These have a real kick. But a well made full-bodied smoke. Quire enjoyable if you like a stronger tasting cigar. And you don't need a humidor for these rock-hard babies.
Toscano,5 out of 5,Spaghetti Western Delight,"I have been enjoying these Clint Eastwood spaghetti western cigars for years. Pass one of these babies under your nose before you light up and Wow! Nothing quite like it. Reminds me of the complex fragrance of an old time blacksmith shop. An easy uncomplicated smoke that was discovered by accident. Google the history. Fascinating. No fancy nuances here...just a fun, easy smoke. Ciao!"
Toscano,5 out of 5,Nice clean burn...mild,Enjoyed it...great change of pace cigar. Kentucky fire cured new to me.
Toscano,5 out of 5,Doc Scott,Neat little cigar...
Toscano,5 out of 5,YessssSirrrrBuddy !!!,"I am lover of spice and a lover of the classic flavor of Kentucky fire cured tobacco. These babies have it all and then some. Whooooooooaaaaaaaawhoooooooooooo ! They're loaded with spice and fire cured flavor. The Classico is more of an every day smoke, but these bad dudes are just right when you want an extra kick in the flavor pants !!! Love them!"
Toscano,5 out of 5,Awesome!!!,"Yeah Yeah, delicious ! I tried them because as a fan of the Avanti Parodi and DeNobilli I wanted to see what the real Italian version is like. Well, I wasn't disappointed in the least. Delightful smoky sweet flavor, neither heavy smoky or heavy sweet. I'm a regular Avanti smoker, but these are going to be ordered again and again as a change of pace or when I really deserve a treat!"
Toscano,4 out of 5,"Solid, full-bodied, Italian cigar.","Fantastic inexpensive smoke. In my opinion a definite step up from Parodi, De Nobili, or other offerings from Avanti. The dark fired flavor really comes through with the Antico. Goes great with a glass of Sangiovese or Bardolino."
Toscano,4 out of 5,Great alternative to Parodi.,"Can't ship Parodi's to me in the ""Peoples Republic of MD"" these are darn close."
Toscano,4 out of 5,Toscano Antico.,"My new ""everyday"" cigar. A friend gave me a ""Garibaldi"" to smoke that he'd purchased on a trip to Italy. Toscana's are ALMOST as good. A little less refined but with similar taste."
Trader Jack's Kickin' Cigars - Midnight,5 out of 5,My favorite of the 3 options,Great cigars for the money. The Midnight is my favorite of the Trader Jack's. Infused perfectly.
Trader Jack's Kickin' Cigars - Midnight,5 out of 5,Trader Jack - Midnight,Very mild smoke with a vanilla note. Have tried all 3 Trader products and greatly impressed.
Trader Jack's Kickin' Cigars - Midnight,5 out of 5,Trader jack midnight,"Great taste, burns even and slow. Smoke had a pleasant aroma. Humidor is perfect for long lasting perfection. I highly recommend this cigar. ++++++"
Trader Jack's Kickin' Cigars - Sunrise,5 out of 5,I got two bags of,I got two bags of these cigars because I got a friend hooked on these also now. They are a nice mild cigar to smoke!
Trader Jack's Kickin' Cigars - Sunrise,5 out of 5,I like these cigars because,I like these cigars because they're mild and spicy. And there also and economical choice
Trader Jack's Kickin' Cigars - Sunrise,5 out of 5,Infused perfectly.,Great cigar for the money this is my 2nd favorite of the Trader Jack's. Infused perfectly.
Trader Jack's Kickin' Cigars - Sunrise,5 out of 5,A+,A+
Trader Jack's Kickin' Cigars - Sunrise,5 out of 5,Great Cheap Cigar,These are my favorite cheap cigar. Like the taste and my wife loves the smell.
Trader Jack's Kickin' Cigars - Sunrise,5 out of 5,Sweetly infused and heavenly aroma.,"These have an infused sweet rum'ish flavor and the aroma is heavenly. Comparable to pipe tobacco. Even non hefers in vicinity are intrigued by the aroma. Sometimes you pull out a stick and it may not appear well built but for < $2 a stick it's worth the appearance. Sometimes some sticks may seem too tight to get an appreciable draw but if you leave a couple out to dry for a couple days days to dry, they will flow quite easily. When I smoke one I pull one from the bag. If you are new or you like the sweet stuff these will be a good choice."
Trinidad Espiritu,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,"A friend gave me this cigar and I was pleased. Very fine smoke. The wrapper felt great to the touch, the craftsmanship was incredible and the flavor continued to develop nicely through the entire smoke. It developed a fine and impressive ash. I will be adding this to my humidor. It is on the low side of being a full bodied smoke. Not for the faint of heart."
Trinidad Espiritu,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke. A true medium to full body stick
Trinidad Espiritu,5 out of 5,Great Smoke!,Excellent Cigar (Series 1)
Trinidad Reserve,5 out of 5,Outstanding,"Folks, this is an excellent cigar on the same level as smokes costing triple what this one does. It's surprisingly strong. I dont smoke as much as i used to so this thing snuck up on me and kicked me in the rear. The flavor and quality of construction are excellent. Copious smoke and an even burn. It reminds me of a Cuban Partages Series D #4."
Trinidad Reserve,5 out of 5,Creamy,A rare mild-medium cigar with full flavor as vor
Trinidad Reserve,5 out of 5,Trinidad Cigars,Great tasting cigar love the hints off coffee flavor. For all the coffee flavor cigar lovers this is the one!
Trinidad Reserve,5 out of 5,Nice smoke,"This was my first Trinidad cigar experience. I have to say I was pleasantly surprised by the good quality. I’ve had two of them now and they’ve both smoked beautifully. A good even burn, cool draw with a lot of smoke and great flavors for a mild to medium cigar. I will buy more."
Trinidad Reserve,5 out of 5,One of the best for the money,my go to cigar everytime
Trinidad Reserve,4 out of 5,Great smoke,Great smoke
Trinidad Reserve,5 out of 5,Great every day smoke,Good medium to full blend. Great for an evening smoke.
Trinidad Reserve,4 out of 5,Good stick,"Burned good, good flavor, I would buy it again for the right price."
Trinidad Reserve,5 out of 5,To Be Taken Seriously,"Heard the hype so thought I try. WOW, flavor is robust just enough w no over power or wavering. From start to finish, if you like Hoya de Mont. Excalb. try this. Before they raise the price."
Trinidad Reserve,5 out of 5,"Excellent cigar. Full bodied, nicely","Excellent cigar. Full bodied, nicely constructed with an easy draw."
Trinidad Reserve,5 out of 5,Trinidad Reserve,"This cigar is very well constructed. The burn was slow and smooth. Lush smoke through the very end. The first two thirds was very silky and the last third was a bit stronger. Trinidad was a great smoke and should be paired with Eagle Rare Bourbon with a splash. Makes for a pleasant afternoon. On another note, I have been buying cigars from CI for nearly ten years now. You do a terrific job in all aspects of your business. Five stars to Trinidad as well as CI Nation."
Trinidad Reserve,4 out of 5,Awesome cigar,An excellent full bodied cigar.
Trinidad Reserve,4 out of 5,Trinidad reserve robusto,"covers all the basics, great construction, even burn. Flavor is very satisfying. A good solid smoke worth checking out if you have not tried before. Service from CI is top notch. Took care of a problem that was not their fault and made a speedy delivery"
Trinidad Santiago,5 out of 5,Trinidad Santiago Cigars,"Great flavor, awesome taste. They are becoming my favorite cigars."
Trinidad Santiago,5 out of 5,Perfect Cigar,Great medium-full bodied cigar. Immaculate construction and perfect draw. Can’t wait to buy more again soon.
Trinidad Santiago,5 out of 5,Good cigars,Good cigars
Trinidad Santiago,5 out of 5,A great-tasting cigar!,"The Trinidad toro is a great cigar. It has a medium to full-bodied body, tastes great and burns evenly and slowly."
Trinidad Santiago,5 out of 5,Jackson 4.5,Delicious Dominican puro...I'll be buying more of these and you should too...they are that good!
Trinidad Santiago,5 out of 5,excellent,excellent
Trinidad Santiago,5 out of 5,Great smoke and great blend,Great smoke and great blend .. thank you
Trinidad Santiago,5 out of 5,Always a treat,"This lot was professionally rolled,perfect draw with a nice even gray birch ash.some smooth wood with a nutty flavor plus mild pepper.Pro Trinidad."
Trinidad Santiago,5 out of 5,Simply Amazing!,"Wow wow wow...!!!
What a great cigar! Well made construction and an amazing elegant smoke full of flavors. Lots of hints and several notes. This is a must try and should be available in my humidor."
Ugly Coyote,4 out of 5,Nice little cigar,This cigar is better than bandidos. I like the larger size of these over the backwoods/ ole Shenandoah.
Ugly Coyote,5 out of 5,These old batch ugly are,"These old batch ugly are still good but he wary, the company is going down"
Ugly Coyote,3 out of 5,Ugly Coyotes,"They're ""OK"". I'll try them again, but will try a different flavor to see if that flavor is any better. However the price is good."
Ugly Coyote,4 out of 5,like these cigars they took the place of the backwoods i smoked for years before they changed,backwoods for years you ruined them
Ugly Coyote,5 out of 5,Naturally Sweet but not to Over Sweet,"Awesome cigars, Good strong Flavor but not that ultra sweet taste like Backwoods more of a Natural Unprocessed Taste."
Ugly Coyote,4 out of 5,Very good value and a,Very good value and a pleasant smoke.
Ugly Coyote,5 out of 5,Something truly ugly,"These are truly Ugly Cigars but they have a good strong taste,Instead of that super sweet taste of Backwoods Cigars, These have more a rustic taste like unrefined honey.I just love them.Enjoy"
Ugly Coyote,3 out of 5,Ok,Ok
Ugly Coyote,3 out of 5,"TASTEY, But...","Like the size & taste of this cheroot, and the price is right. Only problem was that after it burned about half way, I had to constantly re- light it, almost every draw."
Ugly Coyote,5 out of 5,Good Cigars,taste very good & quality of cigar is great
Ugly Coyote,5 out of 5,Ugly Coyotes Chocolate,Excellent cigar. I normally buy Backwoods but you were out of them so I thought I would give Ugly Coyotes a try and was not disappointed. I have found myself a nice new smoke. Looking forward to trying the different flavors.
Ugly Coyote,5 out of 5,Nice smoke.,Nice smoke.
Ugly Coyote,4 out of 5,Really good,"This brand, at least the flavor, were much stronger than expected, but definitely did the trick. After the first few pulls, the smoke goes down smoother, but stronger than a good times cigar. I love cigars international and the customer service is amazing. Thank you so much! 😊"
Ugly Coyote,4 out of 5,"Ugly coyote,s",Great little smoke
Ugly Coyote,5 out of 5,Favorite quick cigar,All ugly coyote flavors are good but chocolate is best. These are a perfect short smoke. Much better than similar competition
Ugly Coyote,4 out of 5,ugly coyote,like them but did have some with stems sticking through. for the price better than backwoods
Ugly Coyote,4 out of 5,Ugly coyote,One of the best small cigars around
Ugly Coyote,3 out of 5,Coyote ugly,They’re a good go to cigar for something inexpensive an enjoyable.
Ugly Coyote,5 out of 5,Ugly coyote,Very good
Ugly Coyote,5 out of 5,Ugly But Great,These were a nice smooth little smoke. I really enjoy them! Great flavor and taste without the bite!
Ugly Coyote,5 out of 5,i like them,i like them
Ugly Coyote,3 out of 5,A bit harsh,all nicely wrapped in pouches of 8 and fresh.
Ugly Coyote,3 out of 5,Ugly coyote,"Not a bad smoke , not anywhere near close to swisher sweet 8 pack but worth the money"
Ugly Coyote,5 out of 5,Good quick smoke,After smoking Backwoods for many years I found these. I have found after smoking these for awhile I prefer them. Mild and good for a quick smoke or short drive. You'll find in my mouth while doing yard work...good little smoke.
Ugly Coyote,4 out of 5,Decent,Decent
Ugly Coyote,5 out of 5,Ugly,Ugly Coyote cigars are anything but Ugly. They look good and smoke good! They're a good mix of taste and burn no matter which flavor you're trying! My favorite!!!
Ugly Coyote,4 out of 5,two thumbs up,I like the originals and the honey. I have tried all the flavors and these are my favorite smokes. I find myself buying these more than regular cigars but do buy them as well. I like the pouch and I can them without the worry of them drying out. I also like the Ugly Coyotes more than the similar cigars out there.
Ugly Coyote,3 out of 5,Not bad.,Not bad.
Ugly Coyote,5 out of 5,5 stars all the way,Fresh smooth perfect
Ugly Coyote,4 out of 5,One ugly coyote,I like them better than the backwoods now. 1882 bourbons are good too.
Ugly Coyote,3 out of 5,some smokes had holes in,"some smokes had holes in them, hard to get a draw"
Ugly Coyote,4 out of 5,ugly coyote sweet,"nice little cigar, good deal, as good or better than back woods"
Ugly Coyote,5 out of 5,Ugly is a good name,"I purchase the Coyote Berry, due to the fact your Backwoods are still on back order. I have been communicating with friends and nobody understands how you can get the cigars locally but you can’t order. I don’t know what I’m going to do with my ugly coyotes. I really don’t like them so maybe I can give them away or trade them or something, thanks for your interest, very dissatisfied."
Ugly Coyote,5 out of 5,Cigars Purchased,"Recently I purchased cigars from CI. This time I was pleased with the products. In the past I wasn't satisfied with some that I purchased from here, but this order was much better."
Ugly Coyote,5 out of 5,Chocolate is Yummy,"Went on a search for the best Cheroot and the top 2 were Bandido and Ugly Coyote Chocolate.
The chocolate is yummy, great for Cigar Chomping and not artificial at all. Smokes well and at the end the Chocolate flavor mixes to give a pseudo rich flavor.
I preferred these to Bandidos by just a hair."
Ugly Coyote,5 out of 5,Tried call sorts of other brands and this is my top choice chocolate is number two,Love these.Tried call sorts of other brands and this is my top choice chocolate is number two
Ugly Coyote,5 out of 5,Small cigars,Chocolate is second best I think next to original
Ugly Coyote,4 out of 5,Ugly but Yummy.,"I really enjoyed these. I got the cherry and the only downside is that the cherry is less cherry and more alcohol taste (I don't drink so can't point out what kind) . Not in a bad way though
That's the reason the docking 1 star. No way you can beat the price though ."
Ugly Coyote,4 out of 5,Love My 'Yotes,"I have been smoking the Ugly Coyotes since they came out over 10 years ago.
My daily smoke, I can smoke 3-4 a day without breaking the bank.
Comparing these to Backwoods is not a fair ""apples to apples"" comparison.
Backwoods are a smaller, much sweeter cigar and only come 5 cigars per pouch. The ugly Coyotes are slightly bigger at 32 ring Vs. 28 and much less sweet and deliver a fuller more real cigar flavor than the Backwoods. Plus they are much better bargain with 8 cigars per pouch for less money.
To me there is no comparison.
The Ugly Coyotes are slightly bigger, have a way less sweet taste and a fuller more real cigar flavor and you get more more less money.
Whats not to love!"
Ugly Coyote,5 out of 5,Good quickie,Good quickie
Ugly Coyote,5 out of 5,Faantastic little cigars,"i must have smoked 1,500 Ugly Coyotes in the past 5 years. I was buying from Famous but now CI as started carrying them, though they still don't appear in the Big List of Brands. I love them, all flavors and non-flavored. They are very tasty. I find them more medium-bodied than the mild they are rated as. They burn well, and the taste is great right from the first draw down to your fingers. Good amount of smoke too. Don't be turned off by their rustic, rough appearance, as they are great. My daily favorites. I usually smoke one or two a day plus one full-size cigar, picking from the many types and brands that I buy. I rate them more as little cigars than as cigarillos."
Ugly Coyote,5 out of 5,They are very good would,They are very good would like to try the Chocolat ones..
Ugly Coyote,4 out of 5,Coyotes are not poodles...,"I've reordered these many times from another company. Don't buy these expecting a Hackwoods clone or you will be disappointed. These are coyotes, not poodles. They have more bite and less perfume. Go into it with that, and you'll be pleasantly surprised."
Ugly Coyote,4 out of 5,Smokin trash man,"Not quite as tasty as the bandidos, but pretty close. Nice cheroot style smoke"
Ugly Coyote,4 out of 5,Smokin trash man,"Not quite as tasty as the bandidos, but pretty close. Nice cheroot style smoke"
Umbagog,5 out of 5,Love these!,Love these!
Umbagog,5 out of 5,Umbagog Delivers,DTT has produced another flavorful bold cigar in Umbagog. Powerful from start to finish. Solid construction and an even burn.
Umbagog,5 out of 5,As a good cigar should be.,"My first Umbagog. Was hoping for great things and it delivered. Early perfect smoke. Only had to ash it twice. Because of the long first ash it went out on my. But it smokes like a dream. Good smoke, great taste. As a cigar should be. Rock solid feel and weight. I’ll be ordering a pack of these."
Umbagog,5 out of 5,Umbagog,"Simply, my favorite since it came out. Full bodied and flavorful. A few in each batch have too a difficult draw. Pricey compared to its start. That is unfair as the cigar is often sold out and has a loyal customer base. Still, highly rated."
Umbagog,5 out of 5,Umbagog Robusto,"My favorite at this price and tastes like a more expensive stick! Smooth draw, even burn, rich bold with a little spice in the first 1/3, 2nd 1/3 smooths out but very full bodied flavor, last 1/3 a little more spicy and delicious to the end!"
Umbagog,5 out of 5,Umbagog Gordo. I'd rate this cigar 92+,"This is the 2nd, first being the Churchill, and both were very good. Smooth very rich flavor with near perfect burn. I'll most definitely buy again."
Umbagog,5 out of 5,Umbagog,Steve Saka has done it again he is the master of the masters. The Umbagog is such a great smoke just like all of me Saka’s cigars it is a must try and the price point is right on. Thank you Steve for another fantastic cigar.
Uncle Buck,5 out of 5,Worth it,Can’t beat this smoke for the cost
Uncle Buck,3 out of 5,Cheap but decent smoke,"Couldn't resist because of the price for 20 sticks. These are cheap, cheap cigars. Had to throw some out because thewrapper came off. But not a bad everyday smoke actually. I would order these again to stock up my humidor"
Uncle Buck,3 out of 5,Uncle Buck double corona,Decent smoke for the price. Not much flavor but burn and draw well. Good while you knock about
Uncle Buck,5 out of 5,Everyday,"Good bargain, great everyday smoke."
Uncle Buck,5 out of 5,can this be LOVE,"Ive smoked all the cigars over 35 years, and I can say these, for ANY money, are GREAT. tons of billowing smoke, loose fill which I like! no after taste; what I hate If you want to chew on a cigar walk away other than that 8 stars."
Uncle Buck,4 out of 5,Pleasant Surprise,"This is very good cigar. I lean to mild/medium to medium cigars. I would have given 5 stars but the 44 ring is to small for me, but for the price you can’t go wrong."
Uncle Buck,4 out of 5,Give em a try.,Smoked bout a half dozen so far and I love em. Will definitely be ordering more. Some unravel a bit and start coming apart but I can live with that. Great for driving or doing work around the house or even relaxing with your favorite beverage. I smoke several cigars a day or more and these (and others) help keep the hobby budget friendly.
Uncle Buck,5 out of 5,Uncle Buck Double Corona - Natural cigars,I buy them for my husband every time he tells me he is almost out of them. He will be 91 in September and he enjoys every puff he takes! Thank you for selling products he enjoys and we can afford!
Uncle Buck,4 out of 5,Uncle Buck cigars,"I really liked these cigars they were the right strength for me as a cigar smoker and the taste was excellent. the only issue I had is that they sometimes did not burn evenly.
Thank you,"
Uncle Buck,4 out of 5,Very good thanks will buy again,Very good deal great cigar will buy again
Uncle Buck,4 out of 5,No bad,A nice smooth cigar for a quick smoke. I would have given it a 5 but it was wrapped a little too loose for my liking. I know that it was described as loose but for the money it was a nice change of pace. I believe that I would try it again.
Uncle Buck,4 out of 5,Carona - Uncle Buck,"Good smoke, I will buy these again. They burn evenly and are a great value"
Uncle Buck,5 out of 5,Great for the price.,These guys burn nice and have a good flavor. Recommend!
Uncle Buck,5 out of 5,Uncle Buck,Very smooth cigars. I personally like to relax by a bonfire while smoking Uncle Buck Cigars but that's just me folks. Give them a try and see what you prefer to do while smoking them.
Uncle Buck,4 out of 5,Uncle Buck's,This is a good everyday smoke when you don't have a lot of time.
Uncle Buck,5 out of 5,Good simple smoke,"Good price, good smoke"
Uncle Buck,3 out of 5,Decent taste,"A decent tasting cigar, a loose filled cigar."
Uncle Buck,3 out of 5,Uncle Buck,Not bad.. If you don’t mind chewing tobacco..This will do in a pinch if you no more nothing.. kinda like somking flavored air..
Uncle Buck,3 out of 5,a lot like the movie character,"this is not a bad stick, the feel is a little mushy and the taste goes from okay to harsh, the draw is consistent and the burn is true, this is a good cold weather stick because it only lasts about 25-30 minutes, got this cigar on the cheap but probably won't buy anymore"
Uncle Buck,5 out of 5,Uncle Buck,Great smoke for the price. Burns nicely and tastes good.
Uncle Buck,4 out of 5,Not bad,Decent cigar. Price point was good which makes it a good work break cigar in case I need to ditch it.
Uncle Buck,5 out of 5,Uncle Buck,Decent smoke but tends to fall apart at the bite.
Uncle Buck,5 out of 5,Uncle Buck,Excellent smoke for the price! Pleasantly surprised.
Uncle Buck,5 out of 5,Money Well Spent ...Again,"I was hesitant to buy these because the price was a really great one. Bottom line, I’m not disappointed. In fact I have never been disappointed with this company"
Uncle Buck,5 out of 5,Burns well,Burns well
Uncle Buck,4 out of 5,Good Price,Good daily smoke
Uncle Buck,4 out of 5,good for the price,good for the price
Uncle Buck,3 out of 5,Ffair,Good for a quick smoke
Uncle Buck,5 out of 5,"FANTASTIC, STUPENDIOUS, WONDERFUL!!!!!","FANTASTIC, STUPENDIOUS, WONDERFUL!!!!!"
Uncle Buck,4 out of 5,Love the name,A good cigar for when you want something quick
Uncle Buck,5 out of 5,Overall,"They were smooth, mellow and tasty"
Uncle Buck,4 out of 5,Not firm enough for me.,Not firm enough for me.
Uncle Buck,4 out of 5,Good value.,Surprisingly good burn and flavor.
Uncle Buck,3 out of 5,Unclr Buck,Not bad for a cheap cigar to pass a little time.
Uncle Buck,4 out of 5,not bad,not bad
Uncle Buck,1 out of 5,Bitter,Bitter tast
Uncle Buck,4 out of 5,Great for t,Great for the price
Uncle Buck,4 out of 5,A good quick smoke.,You get MORE than you pay for if you want a quick smoke without fretting about burning up one of those precious premiums.
Uncle Buck,3 out of 5,Outside with Uncle Buck .....,"Great cigars to have while working around the property , or toolin` down the road w/ windows down . Also inexpensive enough to forget where you left one & not worry about it , til I wander upon it again ..."
Uncle Buck,5 out of 5,tasty cigar,Mighty fine cigar for the money. It is a nice light smoke and an enjoyable smoke. Not quite an hour long but long on pleasure. Smooth on taste and enjoyment. For the money it is tuff to beat.
Uncle Buck,5 out of 5,Great for the price,Love these!
Uncle Buck,3 out of 5,They are a good cheap,They are a good cheap cigar for every day smokers
Uncle Buck,3 out of 5,Just OK,"Great value, consistent burn, OK taste, and cheap."
Uncle Buck,3 out of 5,An OK smoke for the,An OK smoke for the money..
Uncle Buck,2 out of 5,Uncle buck,Cheap smoke and mild.
Uncle Buck,5 out of 5,Uncle Buck,Good smoking cigar
Uncle Buck,5 out of 5,My husband loved the cigars.,My husband loved the cigars. Shipping was quick. Would highly recommend!
Uncle Buck,4 out of 5,Best bargain,Since trying these cigars I will always have some in my humidor. Good smoke for a great price.
Uncle Buck,5 out of 5,It's not the best tasting,"It's not the best tasting cigar I've ever had bit it's consistent with no issues. Burns even, easy draw but not too easy. I get about 40-45 min out of one cigar. I really like this cigar especially for the price."
Uncle Buck,4 out of 5,Not bad,"For a cheaper cigar, it's not bad. The wrapper is the only weak spot. The taste is all right, and the burn ls smooth and even."
Varina Farms Breakfast Blend,5 out of 5,Not for me.,"These are not my cup of tea, the taste is just ""off"" for me. However, these cigars are rolled very well and burn perfectly, so you might give them a try."
Varina Farms Breakfast Blend,4 out of 5,Solid stick!,"Solid built stick..even burn and even taste. Good amount of smoke. No lingering after taste yet full of flavor. I can break down the taste like the ""pros"" do but I'd say I taste cedar? Good smoke either way. Will buy again!"
Varina Farms Breakfast Blend,4 out of 5,A Pleasant Tasty Treat,The Varina Farms robusto is good. Construction burn draw taste and mild creamy smooth. I find it smilar to R&J Vintage. Packed with flavor. Slightly tangy with toasty nutty and spice. It comes without cellophane ... It is tissue wrapped. A nice mellow smoke. Try them.
Varina Farms Breakfast Blend,5 out of 5,Morning perfection,"Perfect title! Sitting on the back porch with a cup of coffee, great combo. Smooth from start to finish. It’s a great smoke to start the day!"
Varina Farms Breakfast Blend,5 out of 5,Good value,Good value
Varina Farms Breakfast Blend,5 out of 5,what a way to start the day!!!,"while I still consider myself still a novice, these are all they claim and then some. I have never had a morning cigar first thing no matter how mellow they claimed to be or how good with my morning joe. but all that has definitely changed ! with or without coffee, these are excellent.wonderful flavor, nice aroma according to my wife who doesn't smoke. rarely buy boxes but a definite exception to the rule!!"
Varina Farms Breakfast Blend,5 out of 5,Awesome Morning Smoke,The dominating flavors are nuts and spice with some sweetness. Really well made and a pleasure to smoke.
Varina Farms Breakfast Blend,5 out of 5,A real sleeper,Best unknown cigar in the CI catalog
Varina Farms Breakfast Blend,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smooth cigar.
Varina Farms Breakfast Blend,4 out of 5,Long Term Standby,"This is a mild cigar, but still has enough flavor to be interesting. The draw is generally pretty easy and it burns evenly. I keep these as a standby cigar, and have for years. I will smoke one of these in rotation with others, especially after smoking a number of full-bodied cigars."
Varina Farms Breakfast Blend,4 out of 5,Took a chance,I've never heard of these...but they sounded good ...so took a chance and boy am I glad I did ...they were outstanding
Varina Farms Breakfast Blend,3 out of 5,Varina Farms,"Not the one I would ask for if it was to be my last cigar but more than plenty tasty for everyday consumption, on the golf course, etc."
Varina Farms Breakfast Blend,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Varina Farms Breakfast Blend,5 out of 5,The Best,This is the best Cigar I have smoked in Months
Varina Farms Breakfast Blend,5 out of 5,Excellent cigar for the price!,"Excellent cigar for the price! Smooth blend with a very nice burn, one of my favorite smokes!"
Varina Farms Breakfast Blend,5 out of 5,Amazing,I'm usually not a fan of light to medium cigars but this one was amazing. It is a great mix of Nicaraguan filler with a Connecticut wrapper. I usually don't call a product an everyday cigar but I can put that label on this one. This was my first Cigar by Varina Farms but it definitely will not be my last. Highly recommend!
Varina Farms Breakfast Blend,5 out of 5,Mild & Tasty!!,A very enjoyable mild cigar. Perfect for kicking back and relaxing.
Varina Farms Breakfast Blend,5 out of 5,Varina Farms,I have been smoking this cigar for a number of years. It is a great cigar but I love the concept blended specifically to have with coffee after breakfast. I just learned the orrigen of the name: it was named after the first tobacco plantation owned by John Smith and Pocahantus.
Varina Farms Breakfast Blend,5 out of 5,Great anytime of day smoke!,A great cigar that goes good with either coffee or whiskey. Enjoy these very much!
Varina Farms Breakfast Blend,4 out of 5,The Morning Cigar,This is an excellent mild smoke...I also like the price. I would buy these again.
Varina Farms Breakfast Blend,5 out of 5,Best Everyday Cigar,Been ordering from CI for about 7-8 years. Stumbled on Varina Farms 2 years ago.... it's been my go-to everyday smoke ever since. Gonna order a couple boxes today.
Varina Farms Breakfast Blend,5 out of 5,New favorite,My new go to when I have a minute to relax
Varina Farms Breakfast Blend,5 out of 5,Nice mid-morning Cigar,Nice mid-morning cigar. Starts smooth and get a little more flavorful as you smoke it down. Perfect for me.
Varina Farms Breakfast Blend,4 out of 5,Breakfast All Day,"I really like this cigar. It has kind of a rustic, barnyard flavor. I mean that in a good way - flavorful. Hints of wood (oak), leather, and barley or slightly dampened hay. Definitely an ""outdoors-ish"" flavor. It's not Top-Shelf, but for the price (especially) it has my attention. Well done VF."
Varina Farms Breakfast Blend,5 out of 5,Under rated medium bodied Connecticut,This is an outstanding medium bodied CT cigar. It is on par with R&J Reserva Real (90 rated) and CAO Gold (90 rated) for a little less. Construction and burn are perfect. Smooth draw with flavors of coffee and cream. I keep a few in the humidor for cold mornings with a cup of coffee.
Varina Farms Breakfast Blend,5 out of 5,Loved them!,Loved them!
Varina Farms Breakfast Blend,4 out of 5,Good value,good smoke for the price.
Varina Farms Breakfast Blend,5 out of 5,Satisfied Customer,Ordered cigars and shipped timely. Great prompt service and order arrived in good condition. Thank you.
Varina Farms Breakfast Blend,4 out of 5,Very good cigar for the,Very good cigar for the price..
Varina Farms Breakfast Blend,4 out of 5,"Good all day, not just for breakfast.","Excellent flavor, burns even, Just a great everyday cigar."
Varina Farms Breakfast Blend,4 out of 5,Good quality,"I'm a veteran cigar smoker and will first start by stating that a high quality cigar almost always starts with a long filler, heavy in weight, firmly rolled and appealing to the eye from my perspective. I've purchased these a while back when they were on sale. I thought the flavor was on point, the draw was too tight which caused the burn to go out. We all know every time you re-light a stogie it starts to take in bad flavors and odors from fuel, burnt ash, etc.. With that said, I look for a long filler (not Dominican), firm roll, heavy feel when held, and good taste. This one had all of these requirements I look for in a quality cigar, I would buy again even though the burn was somewhat fair (for a tightly rolled cigar). The point I'm making is that this cigar comes from quality tobacco and is made with quality."
Varina Farms Breakfast Blend,5 out of 5,Cigars,"The cigars I ordered were feted out when I got them, I've been trying to fix them in the humidor. Mixed results"
Varina Farms Breakfast Blend,5 out of 5,Varina Farms,I think this cigar is a very good smoke. I only recently discovered the Varina Farms cigars and wish I would have tried one years ago. They are mild with a great taste!! When I was younger I enjoyed full bodied cigars but now I prefer milder smokes.
Varina Farms Breakfast Blend,3 out of 5,"Tasty, but flaky biscuity aroma and flavor & love the Winter Warmer","At the time of this review, I just received an e-mail with an offer for a 10 pack of the robustos of the VF Breakfast Blend.
I don't think I've had the robusto (see another review where the writer said he's been smoking those for years). I think I've only had the Churchill and the Toro, probably gave away the robusto from the Sampler pack. At this writing, I see that all of the sizes except the robustos are sold out. So that means, either they are hugely popular or they are being discontinued.
I think that would be a mistake, although, CI has the numbers, I don't. I found them to be a very enjoyable, milder smoke that actually had FLAVOR! My only criticism of the cigar is the flaking of the wrapper and cigar kind of coming apart in the last couple inches ... in my experience ... but I enjoyed the few I've smoked. Secondly, I favored the Winter Warmer blend, which is darker, held together better, and had the flavors and strength that fit more in my wheelhouse. I noticed that they are not even listed now ... good thing I still have a couple of 10ct. boxes in reserve. Please see ""Katman's"" comprehensive and positive review of those. One word of advice to CI ... two things that led to some veteran cigar smokers deriding this cigar and not giving it a real chance, is the brand name and the unfortunate type of tissue used in wrapping the cigars which resemble a device used with the body cavity so close in name to the brand (I'm trying to be delicate here.) It didn't bother me, I liked the packaging, I thought it was classy, but it was derided by those with vulgar minds ... Having said that, I think if CI will read the review which I just mentioned, it begins with a historical note on the name Varina Farms going back to the earliest days of English colonial history in the great state of Virginia. Please include this in your ad copy telling us why you named this cigar as you did. It is fascinating to me."
Varina Farms Breakfast Blend,4 out of 5,Sunrise,"Easy draw, good burn, lovely Connecticut"
Varina Farms Breakfast Blend,5 out of 5,Delicious,I like this cigar. Mild but lots of flavor
Varina Farms Breakfast Blend,1 out of 5,Bad bbbb,I have smoked the robusto for years and thought I would try the toro. I received a very tightly rolled box that I sent back after smoking about two inches of the first cigar.
Varina Farms Breakfast Blend,5 out of 5,my latest purchase should be,my latest purchase should be vega fina!
Varina Farms Breakfast Blend,5 out of 5,Special Delight,"Enjoyed these very much. Part of cache I took on extended cruise. The taste, length and quality made for some delightful afternoon's sitting by the pool smoking a cigar. Highly recommend. Will order more in the future."
Varina Farms Breakfast Blend,2 out of 5,Too much pepper and spice for a M/M.,"They arrived dry, my 1st cigar split it's wrapper when I used my V cutter. The other cigars that came in the same shipment (Padron's & Sancho Panza's) were fine. I was looking for something that was a M/M more like a Nub Connecticut. The Varina Farms were too spicey and peppery for me."
Varina Farms Breakfast Blend,4 out of 5,Breakfast Blend is the Proper Name,"If you have ever been searching for cigar that is great with your morning coffee, then its name alone should give you a clue, I recommend you should try the Varina Farms Breakfast Blend. I received a few of these free from my online cigar provider with my last order. They are a mild to medium body cigar that has a smooth flavor with an easy draw and even burn. It is great for just about anytime of the day, but I find it best with my morning cup of coffee. The coffee does not pollute the taste; in fact it enhances the flavor. After finishing the freebies, I bought a box and will buy another one. BTW, they are perfect right of the box..."
VegaFina,4 out of 5,Good cigar.,Good cigar.
VegaFina,5 out of 5,VFs for me,I have found that VFs agree with me more that most cigars. I think it is because they are mild and don't have a lot of additives. If CI didn't carry VFs I would have a hard time choosing cigars. The price is reasonable. Excellent.
VegaFina,5 out of 5,Great light cigar,Once again great deal freak smoke!
VegaFina,5 out of 5,VegaFina,You will enjoy this cigar. It is a good quality cigar.
VegaFina,4 out of 5,Vegafina,Very good smoke. Very even burn. Great taste. Highly recommend
VegaFina,5 out of 5,Best mild cigar I have,Best mild cigar I have found. Consistent over several years.
VegaFina,5 out of 5,VFs mild and have a good taste.,I've tried several different brands but VF is what I like more than most. They are mild and burn evenly.
VegaFina,5 out of 5,What more can I say,Love this cigar was my first love...great smoke.
VegaFina,5 out of 5,Great taste.,Mild and lasts a while. Great taste even near the band.
VegaFina,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,Bought a box of robustos to take to Punta Cana for vacation. Great everyday cigar with a nice even burn. Very smooth and consistent from cigar to cigar. Gave away 4 or 5 at the swim up pool bar and everyone loved them.
VegaFina,5 out of 5,Excellent!,"This is an excellent smoke. If you like a milder smooth smoke, look no further."
VegaFina,3 out of 5,Not as good as the robusto,"Bought these after smoking the VF robusto. Not as good and they get a little ""sour"" towards the end."
VegaFina,5 out of 5,Good service. Good cigars.,Good service. Good cigars.
VegaFina,5 out of 5,VegaFina Cigar,"I like the VegaFina because they are mild, smoke well and have a great taste to them."
VegaFina,5 out of 5,I found a new favorite.,"I had a friend that suggested I might try the Vega Fina so I ordered a 5-pack from CI. I should have ordered a whole box. It's right up my alley on price, taste and strength. I can see more of these guys warming-up in the humidor."
VegaFina,5 out of 5,BUY A BOX NOW !,"Amazing smoke , bought a whole 20 box churchill, a little on the expensive side but as soon as you light one up you feel as if you are smoking a million dollar cigar. BUY A BOX NOW !"
VegaFina,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
VegaFina,5 out of 5,Like these a lot,"Already knew I liked these. Tired of driving 22 miles each way to the nearest B&M that sells them. Not my everyday cigar, but more often than a special occasion cigar. Planning to keep some in my humidor from now on."
VegaFina,5 out of 5,My gold standard,"This was my very first cigar, and remains my favorite. Tired of driving the 20+ miles each way to the nearest B&M that carries them. Now, I can simply walk the few feet to my humidor when I want one. Even with shipping it's cheaper than the long drive. There will always be some in my humidor from now on."
VegaFina,5 out of 5,smooth smoke,Best cigar if you like mild and consistent
VegaFina,4 out of 5,El tabaco mas fina,Great tasting mild smoke!
VegaFina Nicaragua,2 out of 5,Not so good.,"Received this cigar in a sampler and it wasn't very good. There were soft spots, it had a poor draw and it didn't burn to well. The flavor wasn't to my liking either. I would not recommend this cigar."
Victor Sinclair 20th Anniversary,4 out of 5,pretty good,pretty good
Victor Sinclair 20th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Surprisingly great.,I only got these cigars because they were a free give away. I was shocked. These cigars burned perfect with a medium flavor and had a nice pinch to them as well.
Victor Sinclair 20th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Great Sticks at a great,Great Sticks at a great price
Victor Sinclair 20th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Real sleeper!,"Truly blown away by the quality of this cigar! Right up there with the best of them. Earthy , floral notes of honey and tea with hibiscus flavors. Cayenne spice, yes it's a flavor bomb! Excellent construction and draw. At this price it's a steal! Get you some, you wont regret it!"
Victor Sinclair 20th Anniversary,5 out of 5,V S 20th Toro,"I got a really good deal pre-ordering these. I've only smoked two so far and am very impressed. I smoke a lot of cigars that cost 2 or 3 or even 4 times as much and these stack up quite nicely. Very good construction, burn, and draw with a good flavor profile, but not very complex. Just that same nice flavor all the way through. Medium strength getting a little stronger at the end. Pleased with my purchase. Really good for what I paid."
Victor Sinclair 20th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Fenomenal Cigar,Victor Sinclair really outdid themselves with this blend. Def on my top 5 cigars this year!
Victor Sinclair 20th Anniversary,5 out of 5,HOMERUN!!,"Victor Sinclair really take it out of the ballpark with this one!! Great presentation, really high end bands and most importantly... Amazing smoke! 100% Recommended"
Victor Sinclair 20th Anniversary,5 out of 5,Victor Sinclair 20th Anniversary is a Homerun paired with a great Whiskey!!,"This has become my favorite cigar by Victor Sinclair and Master Blender Jose Dominguez. I love the consistency, taste and smoke. Never had to relight. Flavors are well balanced, easy draw. Will be ordering another 2 boxes to add to my collection."
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Bamboo,5 out of 5,Bohemian Bamboo Cigars,"I really like the structure these cigars have (tightly packed, strong construction)."
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Bamboo,5 out of 5,Victor Sinclair bohemian bamboo north beach,Great flavor and burning cigar
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Bamboo,5 out of 5,Love these cigars,Love these cigars
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Bamboo,5 out of 5,Need Torpedos,Received in a 20 pack sampler which included 5 Torpedos. Sure wish CI included the Torpedos in their individual offerings.
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Bamboo,4 out of 5,On top of my list,On top of my list for an everyday cigar.
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Bamboo,5 out of 5,my review,"been ordering them over and over for about three years;
very good cigar."
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Bamboo,5 out of 5,Bohemian Bamboo,Bohemian Bamboo
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Bamboo,4 out of 5,GOOD CIGAR FOR PRICE,GOOD CIGAR FOR PRICE
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Bamboo,4 out of 5,Weekday Splurge,"When I want just a cigar. Sharp flavor, forget the vanilla. Weekday splurge"
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Bamboo,5 out of 5,Easy cut,Smooth draw. An enjoyable experience.
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Bamboo,4 out of 5,Good Golf Cigar,"For the price, this is a good Connecticut wrapped cigar."
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Bamboo,5 out of 5,A great cigar for a,A great cigar for a great price
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Bamboo,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Nice flavorful solid cigar
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Bamboo,5 out of 5,This cigar is new to,This cigar is new to me. Will reorder this cigar without question
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Bamboo,5 out of 5,Very mild love them,Very mild love them
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Bamboo,5 out of 5,Bohemian Bambo,"Very good cigar burns good and very smooth. Best cigar I have had for the price. Give them to other cigar smokers and they can,t believe what I pay a stick"
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Bamboo,5 out of 5,Victor Sinclair Bamboo,Good inexpensive smoke!
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Bamboo,5 out of 5,Great cigar...never on sale,Great cigar...never on sale
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Bamboo,3 out of 5,A very good mild cigar,"A very good mild cigar for the money. The twists on the ends is a nice touch, and insures an even light at the start. Worth buying and trying"
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Bamboo,4 out of 5,Very good cigar,Very good cigar
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Bamboo,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great taste smooth smoke well worth the money
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Bamboo,2 out of 5,Prefer VS 60 Ring to 54 Ring,"Usually buy 60 ring and good value for the price point, but they were OOS so I tried a 20 pack of 54 ring version. First 3 did not draw well, wrappers split & hard to keep lit. Next 2 burned really quickly."
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Bamboo,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"I was turned on to this stick by a friend. Not the most flavorful cigar I’ve had. But a very tasty, mild smoke, with the best, most even burn I think I’ve ever experienced. A great “day to day” cigar."
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Bamboo,4 out of 5,"Smooth, even burning daily smoke.","Smooth, even burning daily smoke."
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Bamboo,4 out of 5,Burns fast,"These cigars burn pretty quick. They are about 5 1/2 inches long with a 54 gauge. I bought these wanting a cigar that would last a little longer than what I normally smoke. What I normally enjoy smoking last between 45 minutes to an hour, depending on how much I’m puffing on it. Although I enjoyed these cigars and I like the feel of the 54 gauge they only last about 55 minutes to an hour. Just a couple minutes longer than my normal everyday smokes."
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Bamboo,3 out of 5,Just okay,"Taste good, but some of them are rolled to tight, you can barely draw any smoke through them"
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Bamboo,5 out of 5,Love this smoke!,Great anytime smoke!!
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Bamboo,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great draw. A pleasure to smoke.
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Bamboo,5 out of 5,Victor Sinclair Bohemien Bamboo,Really enjoyed this cigar. Very good every day cigar.
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Bamboo,5 out of 5,Enjoying them good cigar,Enjoying them good cigar
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Bamboo,5 out of 5,Liked them will smoke em again,Purchased the 6 60s and loved the way they smoked will purchase again once they are in stock!
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Bamboo,5 out of 5,My favorite cifar,I have been hooked on these cigars for 3 plus years they are always fresh . Thanks
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Bamboo,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"The more I smoke, the better I like it. Probably the best draw of any cigar I've ever had."
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Bamboo,5 out of 5,Best smoke for the money,"Have been smoking this stick for the last three years
My favorite"
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Bamboo,5 out of 5,Victor Sinclair Bamboo,"Great mellow cigar burns well. Great if you forget a cutter, because of the pig tail foot"
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Bamboo,5 out of 5,Great cigar for the price,Love these on the golf course.
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Bamboo,5 out of 5,Who ever thought you could smoke bamboo ?,"Just kidding ! A good solid smoke from start to finish !
Plus I really like the pigtail."
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Bamboo,4 out of 5,Victor Sinclair Bohemians,After two draws it becomes rich and smooth. Good daily smoker
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Bamboo,4 out of 5,6x60,Mild and smooth even burn.
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Bamboo,5 out of 5,Bohemian Bamboo Smoothness,"Good tasting, smooth, burns well and stays cool due to the thickness. I have shared these with friends and they loved them. Nicely done. DK"
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Bamboo,4 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Bamboo,4 out of 5,Good cigars,"I enjoy these cigars, they are a nice mellow smoke. I would definitely purchase them again."
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Bamboo,5 out of 5,Good cigar at a great price.,"I have ordered these cigars many times in the past, and they are a mild, smooth smoke. I will continue smoking them in the future."
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Bamboo,4 out of 5,Very good,Very good
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Bamboo,5 out of 5,mild quality,I love this mild quality flavor !!
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Bamboo,5 out of 5,bambu cigar victor sinclair,excellent cigars very smoot
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Bamboo,1 out of 5,DISAPPOINTED 100%,"I would certainly like to write a positive review but I can't even write a review. These sticks were garbage! EVERY stick was dry, falling apart and had NO, I mean NO draw. This was a lesson, if a deal looks to good to be true, GUESS WHAT???"
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Bamboo,5 out of 5,Great cigar when golfing ⛳️🏌,Great cigar when golfing ⛳️🏌
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Bamboo,5 out of 5,Cigars,They were very dry
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Bamboo,5 out of 5,Great morning stick!,Never thought I would love these but now I keep a stock. It’s just a good traditional cigar. I normally like fuller body sticks but there is something great about these. The last 1/2 is the best.
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Black Oscuro,5 out of 5,my review,"My first order of this cigar, shared with some friends. They, as well as myself really enjoyed them. thank you"
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Black Oscuro,4 out of 5,Victor Sinclair Bohemian,A very decent smoke 👍🏼
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Black Oscuro,5 out of 5,The Best,"This is the best cigar I have smoked, however, I've smoked only 266 of the 4000 or so different smokes out there. In my rating scheme it gets Excellent in all...Construction, Burn, Appearance, Draw, Manners, and Oh yeah...taste...each time and every time I smoke one it is memorable."
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Black Oscuro,5 out of 5,Bohemian cigars,"I haven't smoked these cigars in a long time, so bought a 10 pack. They are better than I remember. Reasonably priced, excellent flavor, nice even burn and a great every day smoke. You can't go wrong with these."
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Black Oscuro,4 out of 5,Great deal,"was a great blend of what I enjoy, smooth, burned well, and a great deal. thnaks for the offer. Heips to gain knowledge about fine cigars."
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Black Oscuro,4 out of 5,Earthly taste,Very earthy tast. Mild
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Black Oscuro,3 out of 5,Might be the size,Its not as dark rich and oily as i remember. But they were a smaller gauge when i used to smoke them a few years back. Still decent for the money
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Black Oscuro,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,Great smoke!
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Black Oscuro,4 out of 5,"Much, much better than other","Much, much better than other Victor Sinclairs that I have had."
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Black Oscuro,3 out of 5,Could be Better,"A decent tasting big cigar, but not a great burner -- quite variable in construction."
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Black Oscuro,5 out of 5,big bohemian box,"I like these tasty big cigars, nice box too"
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Black Oscuro,5 out of 5,Excellent,I’ll buy them again
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Black Oscuro,3 out of 5,A little harsh for my,A little harsh for my taste
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Black Oscuro,5 out of 5,Luv it!,"reminds me of Cubans from years ago that got stronger as you smoked them to the very , very end"
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Black Oscuro,5 out of 5,My Favorite go to smoke,"Wow, just love these sticks, smooth and even draw and burns even."
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Original Brazilian,4 out of 5,Very pleased with this one....,"I thoroughly enjoyed this stick.
It had a great flavor with a good burn.
It was even better after two or three weeks in the Humi.
I would have given it five Stars if it weren't for the sometimes inconsistent draw."
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Original Brazilian,4 out of 5,Smokes,Smooth
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Original Brazilian,5 out of 5,Big flavor!,"This is my first try at this larger cigar. I didn’t know what to expect, but was pleasantly surprised. I tried to explain the experience of smoking it to someone, and ended up saying it was like eating a big chocolate fudge sundae ... very tasty and satisfying."
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Original Brazilian,4 out of 5,Even burn. Some seem to,Even burn. Some seem to be stromger than others. B[Much better than some of the higher raed Burkas.
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Original Brazilian,5 out of 5,"Great slow burn, smooth taste","Great slow burn, smooth taste to the end."
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Original Brazilian,5 out of 5,Great smoke for the money.,Great smoke for the money.
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Original Brazilian,5 out of 5,Thumbs up,Good smoke
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Original Brazilian,4 out of 5,nice evening smoke...,nice evening smoke...
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Original Brazilian,5 out of 5,Bohemian,"From time smoked to flavor to construction, everything was excellent!"
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Original Brazilian,5 out of 5,Hooked,"Took me two,but I really do like this cigar. The size put me off at first (big!) but made sure to make time for them. I will put in rotation now."
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Original Brazilian,4 out of 5,BOHEMIAN ORIGINAL,SMOOTH EVERYDAY SMOKE
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Original Brazilian,5 out of 5,Very good sticks,Very good sticks
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Original Brazilian,5 out of 5,Bohemian,Great cigars
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Original Brazilian,4 out of 5,good medium bodied cigar.,good medium bodied cigar.
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Original Brazilian,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke!,Excellent smoke!
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Original Brazilian,4 out of 5,Fits my taste almost precisely.,Fits my taste almost precisely. I could probably give the bohemian a five star rating except that would leave no room grow
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Original Brazilian,5 out of 5,A very enjoyable smoke,A very enjoyable smoke
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Original Brazilian,5 out of 5,Cigar Special,Great flavor and it burns well.
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Original Brazilian,5 out of 5,Tasty creamy cigar,"Excellent taste, construction, wrapper is sweet
Great smoking cigar"
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Original Brazilian,5 out of 5,VS Bohemian Original Brazilian Greenwich Village,Nice and mild smooth smoke.
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Original Brazilian,5 out of 5,"great taste, draw, one of","great taste, draw, one of my favorites"
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Original Brazilian,5 out of 5,Excellent nine hole cigar,Great burn and taste
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Original Brazilian,4 out of 5,cigars,a good cigar for begginers
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Original Brazilian,5 out of 5,cigars2 try,i would recomend these perfectos to a new cigar smoker who is leaning about cigar sizes
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Original Brazilian,4 out of 5,perfectos,burn issues. doea not burn even
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Original Brazilian,5 out of 5,perfectos,a good cigar when you sit down and relax
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Original Brazilian,5 out of 5,cigar to try,good cigar for a new cigar smoker
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Original Brazilian,5 out of 5,iwould recomend these perfecto cigars,good cigar to smoke
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Original Brazilian,5 out of 5,iwould recomend these perfecto cigars,summer is almost over this cigar is perfect for quiet evevnings.yes iwould tell folks2 try these cigars
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Red Corojo,4 out of 5,Nice smooth cigar,Good looking good smoking smooth taste
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Red Corojo,5 out of 5,Outstanding service. Good pricing.,"The VS Bohemian Red North Beach has been ""my cigar"" for over 20 years. I'm loyal to my cigar and my supplier (CI).."
Victor Sinclair Bohemian Red Corojo,4 out of 5,A Great V.S. Cigar.,"Im not a huge fan of corojo wrappers,,but this VS cigar realllllly has my attention.its not bold but not real mild either.it has a uncommon aroma,,but is a good aroma tho.a tad bit o spice and a few other flavs im trying to figure out.well made,,no soft spots,,nice sharp burn.my friends who like the milder type cigars even enjoyed this one,,,so it must be pretty good.over all this is a nice smoke,,atleast 5--60 mins worth."
Victor Sinclair Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Wonderful flavor at an affordable price,A very mellow 20 minute smoke.
Victor Sinclair Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Good smoke!,Good smoke!
Victor Sinclair Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great little cigars. I just,Great little cigars. I just won't use the post office for delivery anymore. My last two orders have been delayed 2 days or more. My present order still hasn't arrived.
Victor Sinclair Cigarillos,5 out of 5,It is a good cigar,It is a good cigar at a good price.
Victor Sinclair Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Quick and Easy,These minis are perfect for a short after dinner smoke with a nice taste and very convenient format - no clipping and hold very well. A nice addition to my regular lineup.
Victor Sinclair Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Great Little Cigars!,"These are nicely wrapped, always burn even, and taste is smooth."
Victor Sinclair Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Good smoke,They do the job cheaply
Victor Sinclair Cigarillos,5 out of 5,My Husband and Friends loved,My Husband and Friends loved the cigars at his party.. it was a Variety and the were all were perfect.
Victor Sinclair Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great smoke.,Great smoke.
Victor Sinclair Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Good time killer,I bought these to get me out of the office just long enough to breath and satisfy my urge for a full bodied cigar. It does the job and when properly humidified has great flavor.
Victor Sinclair Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Excellent for a quick smoke,Excellent for a quick smoke 👍
Victor Sinclair Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great smoke with flavor,Perfect ....for a quick 10 minute smoke with a bit of flavor. Priced right as well
Victor Sinclair Cigarillos,4 out of 5,When you need a quickie,Bought these because the sweets were out of stock. Always out of stock. These aren’t bad. Good when you don’t have time to smoke a full cigar.
Victor Sinclair Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Good Product,Good Product
Victor Sinclair Cigarillos,4 out of 5,VC,They are a good cigar for the price. Prefer these over the cheroot
Victor Sinclair Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Awesome,"Big cigar flavor, in a small cigar, great for having those quick breaks"
Victor Sinclair Cigarillos,4 out of 5,While Sweet cigarillos are on backorder,Always a good quick smoke. Rather they had a closed mouth.
Victor Sinclair Cigarillos,5 out of 5,fresh smoke,"At first thought, these can't be good for the price. Man was i wrong !!. these are full of flavor and taste, even burn. my go to for a good 15-20 min smoke. The aroma is nice and has a strong wrapper."
Victor Sinclair Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Cigarillos,Great little cigars for a quick smoke.
Victor Sinclair Cigarillos,5 out of 5,great in a pinch,great in a pinch
Victor Sinclair Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Very mild but tasty. I'm about to order some more!,Very mild but tasty. I'm about to order some more!
Victor Sinclair Cigarillos,5 out of 5,One of the best cigarillos,One of the best cigarillos I ever bought.
Victor Sinclair Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Great little smoke,great smoke for a break during workday!!!
Victor Sinclair Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Good cigars for the price,Good cigars for the price
Victor Sinclair Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Wife loves these,Wife loves these
Victor Sinclair Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Great Little Cigars!,"Excellent Value, nice smooth burn."
Victor Sinclair Cigarillos,4 out of 5,a quick cigar for after,a quick cigar for after a coffee that you don't have time to smoke a big one
Victor Sinclair Cigarillos,3 out of 5,Good all day everyday cigar.,Nothing outrages but for the price cant be beat.
Victor Sinclair Cigarillos,5 out of 5,My new favorite,I was so surprised at the taste of this little cigars. I Guess I found my new favorite.
Victor Sinclair Cigarillos,4 out of 5,"Very flavorful, smooth easy draw,","Very flavorful, smooth easy draw, great little smoke!"
Victor Sinclair Cigarillos,5 out of 5,nice!,Good flavor!
Victor Sinclair Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Light smoke with sweet tips.,Light smoke with sweet tips. I really enjoy these
Victor Sinclair Cigarillos,5 out of 5,cigar quality,great cigars
Victor Sinclair Cigarillos,3 out of 5,A quick smooth smoke,A quick smooth smoke
Victor Sinclair Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Smooth Smoke,Very smooth and enjoyable smoke
Victor Sinclair Cigarillos,4 out of 5,"Not for me, but...","Bought these for myself, hoping I’d get a lot of use out of it, but it’s just not for me. I gifted the rest to my friends and brother and they just can’t get enough of these. So I guess ones purchase is another’s treasure."
Victor Sinclair Cigarillos,5 out of 5,A good quick smoke,A good quick smoke
Victor Sinclair Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Tasty little things,"High quality cigarillos perfect for a short smoke in-between. Even burn, great taste, good bargain!"
Victor Sinclair Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Best prices and great service,Love these guys. I always get my orders in a timely manner and it's hard to beat there prices. I feel everyone about cigars international
Victor Sinclair Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Quick Smoke,When you don’t have time to savor a full length cigar these are an ideal alternative to fill a few minutes with full flavor.
Victor Sinclair Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Nice but a little light for my taste...,"Decent for the price. Can't really go wrong when you get so much for so little. The flavor is nice, smooth & creamy. A little light for my taste, I prefer the Bandidos but I will buy this in another variety next time."
Victor Sinclair Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great,Exactly what I wanted thank you ci
Victor Sinclair Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Quick smoke,A good quick smoke some have a hard draw to them overall a good cigar!
Victor Sinclair Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Good smoke.,Good quick smoke for the drive to work.
Victor Sinclair Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Quick,These are a quick smoke when you dont have time for a longer cigar I will get more
Victor Sinclair Cigarillos,3 out of 5,Nice mild 15 minute smoke,Nice mild 15 minute smoke
Victor Sinclair Cigarillos,5 out of 5,GREAT SMOKES,"aWESOME! tHIS LADY COP HAS BEEN BUYING THEM AS WELL AS ALL BRANDS FROM HERE FOR 16 YEARS! tHESE ARE GREAT, NOT THAT SWEET FOR THOSE WHO HATE LIGHT AND SWEET, AND LAST FOR ABOUT 20 MINUTES OR MORE, DEPENDING ON THE DRAW. RECOMMEND....CHEAP AND AWESOME!"
Victor Sinclair Cigarillos,4 out of 5,The Cheroot,Good little 7 min smoke or so
Victor Sinclair Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Great easy smoke,Great easy smoke
Victor Sinclair Cigarillos,4 out of 5,Victor Sinclair cigarillos,Nice quick smoke for those times when you are limited for a smoke.
Victor Sinclair Clasicos,4 out of 5,Very Good cigar for the,Very Good cigar for the money
Victor Sinclair Clasicos,3 out of 5,Well constructed everyday cigar. Good,Well constructed everyday cigar. Good draw and even burn for 90 minutes.
Victor Sinclair Clasicos,5 out of 5,Super smooth burn,"Great flavor for a super deal, keep the good work. we need Your outstanding prices during these hard times."
Victor Sinclair Clasicos,4 out of 5,Nice Cigar,"These are my every day cigar. Better than average flavor and consistent build quality. Try a bundle, you won’t be disappointed."
Victor Sinclair Clasicos,5 out of 5,great cigar,This is a very good cigar for the price. It is fairly smooth with a peppery taste
Victor Sinclair Clasicos,4 out of 5,nice smoke,great for golf course or backyard relaxing
Victor Sinclair Clasicos,4 out of 5,Truly a Great Buy!,"I was very pleasantly surprised with these great cigars. Well constructed, and great flavors. Smoked like a much more expensive cigar...definitely a great buy."
Victor Sinclair Clasicos,5 out of 5,Great for Victor Sinclair!,Great for Victor Sinclair!
Victor Sinclair Clasicos,5 out of 5,Wonderful cigar,Smooth burn and draw.
Victor Sinclair Clasicos,5 out of 5,"For the price, can't go wrong.",An enjoyable smoke. Burns well and evenly. Tastes like a fine cigar. I have nothing negative to report about it.
Victor Sinclair Clasicos,4 out of 5,Good for everyday smoke,"Good for the money. I found the tips on many to be mushy, but still had an even burn. I felt the taste was not very strong as compared to other cigars I smoke, but not unpleasant,"
Victor Sinclair Clasicos,3 out of 5,Victor Sinclair clasicos,Fair smoke for a fair price. Not a smoke to impress people....
Victor Sinclair Clasicos,4 out of 5,good smoke,good smoke
Victor Sinclair Clasicos,4 out of 5,What Else!,"Great flavor,draws well, burns even. What else could you ask for!"
Victor Sinclair Clasicos,5 out of 5,"So far, so good","I ordered them on sale. Looking for a good value cigar that delivers on flavour and burns well. I have smoked only two, but I have not been disappointed.
I will definately order again if I enjoy the remaining cigars as much."
Victor Sinclair Clasicos,4 out of 5,Victor Sinclair Clasicos,"This cigar never fails to please, taste and aroma are wonderful to the very end!"
Victor Sinclair Clasicos,3 out of 5,good smoke,nice cigar for the price
Victor Sinclair Clasicos,4 out of 5,A decent smoke,A decent cigar for a couple of hours on the deck with a couple of beers.
Victor Sinclair Clasicos,3 out of 5,Good smoke,Good everyday smoke. Nice burn and consistent draw.
Victor Sinclair Clasicos,3 out of 5,Victor Sinclair Clasicos,Good any time smoke.
Victor Sinclair Clasicos,4 out of 5,They were good,They were good
Victor Sinclair Clasicos,4 out of 5,nice everyday smoke,thought i'd try something different when i bought these...actually for a cheapie they're not bad at all ! i might just do them again.
Victor Sinclair Clasicos,3 out of 5,VC Clasicos,Good everyday cigar for the money.
Victor Sinclair Clasicos,4 out of 5,Enjoyable everyday cigar.,Enjoyable everyday cigar.
Victor Sinclair Clasicos,5 out of 5,A great smooth smoke,A great smooth smoke
Victor Sinclair Clasicos,5 out of 5,Nice cigars,"Nice cigars for a great price,"
Victor Sinclair Clasicos,5 out of 5,Nice smoke,Kild and even draw
Victor Sinclair Clasicos,3 out of 5,The review,The victor Sinclair cigar is decent it goes out a lot seems like I’m always lighting it taste is OK not bad for the money
Victor Sinclair Clasicos,5 out of 5,Stogies,Great stick for the price!
Victor Sinclair Clasicos,4 out of 5,Good flavor but construction issue,I get halfway through the cigar and the ash burns into the cigar and the out the side about 3/4 of the way down. It just creates a wasteful situation. This has happened on about 30% of the cigars.
Victor Sinclair Clasicos,5 out of 5,Great Buy,Victor Sinclair's are always a dependable smoke and when there is a special I jump at it.
Victor Sinclair Clasicos,5 out of 5,Excelent,"Excelent smoke
Full flavor
You would expect to pay twice as much for a cigar as
good as this"
Victor Sinclair Clasicos,5 out of 5,Excelent value,"Full flavor
You expect a cigar to be twice as for the good smoke it delivers"
Victor Sinclair Clasicos,4 out of 5,Good Cigar,"I enjoyed this cigar mostly because for the price, it was nicely constructed and wasn't a bad burn. The drawl was easy with no plugged cigars."
Victor Sinclair Clasicos,5 out of 5,Buy Them!!,"Great Deal, smooth smoke"
Victor Sinclair Clasicos,4 out of 5,A Nice one for every day,Good construction and flavor. I have run into a few that were rolled too tight.
Victor Sinclair Clasicos,4 out of 5,smooth,smooth
Victor Sinclair Clasicos,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Victor Sinclair Clasicos,4 out of 5,great cigar for the $$,"Good medium bodied cigar. I like VS cigars, bought these for fishing."
Victor Sinclair Clasicos,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke for an inexpensive cigar. Lots of smoke with a smooth draw and burns evenly all the way down. I will definitely buy again.
Victor Sinclair Clasicos,5 out of 5,Great everyday cogar,"Nicely rolled great draw good taste, favorite for sure. And Dominican can't ask for more."
Victor Sinclair Clasicos,5 out of 5,Good Smoke,I was a bit surprised on how good this smoke was. Nicely constructed and good light flavor. The burn was even and pleasant all the way through.
Victor Sinclair Clasicos,5 out of 5,Good every day smoke,"Nice easy burn, smooth draw"
Victor Sinclair Clasicos,5 out of 5,VS CLASSICO,"i smoke 5 to 6 cigars a day. The classico in my opinion is the best value on the market. Good flavor, good draw and the price is right. Only drawback is they smoke a little faster than some cigars."
Victor Sinclair Clasicos,4 out of 5,Bargain everyday smoke,This is a reasonably priced handmade longfiller cigar with a nice medium flavor
Victor Sinclair Clasicos,4 out of 5,Good,Good
Victor Sinclair Clasicos,5 out of 5,I like this smoke,I’m giving this 5stars not because it is a premium cigar but because it’ lived up to its representation. It is a pleasant smoke with good flavor. I find myself selecting this cigar over some of my more expensive ones
Victor Sinclair Clasicos,5 out of 5,Good cigars for fire pit,Good cigars for fire pit
Victor Sinclair Clasicos,3 out of 5,Clasyco cigars,A pleasant smoke just right for every day banging around
Victor Sinclair Clasicos,4 out of 5,Cigars,Nice mild cigar
Victor Sinclair Connecticut Yankee,5 out of 5,A great affordable cigar,Victor Sinclair Connecticut Yankee is a very nice affordable cigar. The Connecticut wrapper is darker and adds to the flavor. It burns great and has great flavor. Throw in the affordable price and it is a must for your humidor.
Victor Sinclair Connecticut Yankee,4 out of 5,My everyday cigar,My everyday cigar
Victor Sinclair Connecticut Yankee,5 out of 5,Very enjoyable cigar and priced,Very enjoyable cigar and priced righy
Victor Sinclair Connecticut Yankee,4 out of 5,working mans go to,"Ive actually rebought this cigar more than any other,ironically im not a fan of a natural or conneticut wrapper Cameroon being number 1 on sale I usully buy habano ,crillo ok corojo spice is not but never Maduro or conetticut,yet this cigar has a really good flavor especially the last 3rd goes good with a mint julip"
Victor Sinclair Connecticut Yankee,4 out of 5,Great cigar for the price,Consistent burn and taste. I will buy these again.
Victor Sinclair Connecticut Yankee,5 out of 5,Nice,"Great cigar have been buying Victor Sinclair since day one can never go wrong with a VS cigar, great smooth smoke and always a great value. Good burn and different types"
Victor Sinclair Connecticut Yankee,5 out of 5,Nice,Can never go wrong with a Victor Sinclair always a great cigar
Victor Sinclair Connecticut Yankee,4 out of 5,Another Sinclair Gem,"Tastes great,stays lit, nice draw..."
Victor Sinclair Connecticut Yankee,5 out of 5,"Smooth, great tobacco flavor","I'm not able to distinguish all the subtle flavor nuances that a lot of smokers talk about, but I do know the Connecticut Yankee torpedo is a well constructed , flavorful , long-burning cigar. I will definitely buy again"
Victor Sinclair Connecticut Yankee,5 out of 5,Connecticut Yankee,"Great cigar, great wrapper, great smoke, and you can't beat the price."
Victor Sinclair Connecticut Yankee,4 out of 5,Delicious Cigars,"good quality, nice and delicious cigars. thanks."
Victor Sinclair Connecticut Yankee,5 out of 5,My go-to Smoke,"This cigar has always been one of my favorites. Always consistent, clean, smooth draw and mild flavor. Very affordable and high quality."
Victor Sinclair Connecticut Yankee,5 out of 5,This Victor stands tall,"Always consistent, good draw, burns smooth, nice ash and plume. I have bought about 6 boxes of these and have never been let down."
Victor Sinclair Connecticut Yankee,5 out of 5,entry level cigar,The price is reasonable. entry level cigar.
Victor Sinclair Connecticut Yankee,5 out of 5,Great Value,"Well made, burn evenly, consistently medium bodied."
Victor Sinclair Connecticut Yankee,3 out of 5,a littie mild,a littie mild
Victor Sinclair Connecticut Yankee,5 out of 5,Nice smoke,"Even burn, consistent taste and a good price, Happy holidatys."
Victor Sinclair Connecticut Yankee,4 out of 5,Stout,"Great cigar, nice smoke. A little too strong for me. I will look for a milder one next."
Victor Sinclair Connecticut Yankee,5 out of 5,never received them they were,never received them they were shipped to the wrong address.
Victor Sinclair Connecticut Yankee,4 out of 5,Mild and tasty. Burnt very,Mild and tasty. Burnt very smooth.
Victor Sinclair Connecticut Yankee,4 out of 5,Great Taste. Good golf course,Great Taste. Good golf course cigars. Some have trouble staying lit but very few. I buy two - 4 boxes a month.
Victor Sinclair Connecticut Yankee,5 out of 5,Victor Sinclair yankee Churchill,Just excellent is my reveiw
Victor Sinclair Connecticut Yankee,4 out of 5,Pretty nice smoke.,"I have enjoyed these very much, they seem quite medium in strength with a soft easy flavor. I am terrible at identifying flavors but I think it of the earthy taste. The funny thing is that the other day my son was over visiting and we sat on the deck to smoke and chat. He chose one of these VSCY's and I chose a different one out of my humidor, as we sat talking the smoke from his VSCY kept wafting over to me and it almost made me put mine down and go get one of those VSCY."
Victor Sinclair Connecticut Yankee,4 out of 5,Very smooth a good blend,Very smooth a good blend
Victor Sinclair Connecticut Yankee,2 out of 5,Most of them are road,Most of them are road so tight and hard to draw.
Victor Sinclair Connecticut Yankee,5 out of 5,Was bummed at first,The first cigar out of the box wouldn't draw. I had to throw it away. The next 3 were perfect. It's a nice mild cigar. I hope I don't encounter any more duds.
Victor Sinclair Connecticut Yankee,4 out of 5,Decent for the price,Nice medium smoke. Finishes like it starts. Decent value. This 6-60 last about an hour and 20 minutes. Nice and relaxing with you favorite adult beverage
Victor Sinclair Connecticut Yankee,4 out of 5,"Good Deal, Good Cigars!","Sure there are much better/fancier/costlier cigar brands out there, but the Victor Sinclair stogies are a great value choice especially when you buy a box of 20 then get a 12-cigar Series 55 sampler pack as your freebie. These Cuban-seed but Connecticut-grown wrappers give the ""Connecticut Yankee"" a more developed flavor than the usual mild experience. I like them, bottom line."
Victor Sinclair Connecticut Yankee,3 out of 5,"Good cigar, a little wound","Good cigar, a little wound too tight."
Victor Sinclair Connecticut Yankee,5 out of 5,One of the few I buy by the box,"Its just an all around good smoke. Good consistent even burn, deep earthy taste with a nice twang at the end. Perfect pairing with Glenmorangie 12"
Victor Sinclair Connecticut Yankee,5 out of 5,Victor Sinclair,I thought they were awesome. Slow burning which made the smoke more enjoyable.
Victor Sinclair Connecticut Yankee,4 out of 5,VS con,"Smooth, even burning. Great smoke for price"
Victor Sinclair Connecticut Yankee,2 out of 5,Just OK,Nothing to write home about. Flavor is fair at most and draw is inconsistent. So far not very impressed. Will not buy again.
Victor Sinclair Connecticut Yankee,4 out of 5,V/S cigars,They were good but I liked the bonus pack better.
Victor Sinclair Connecticut Yankee,3 out of 5,Bones New Jersey,These were just ok .
Victor Sinclair Connecticut Yankee,5 out of 5,Easy smoke,Fairs well on the golf course where I do most of my smoking.
Victor Sinclair Connecticut Yankee,4 out of 5,Victor Sinclair Connecticut Yankee Torpedo,Great burn and flavor. Reasonably priced!
Victor Sinclair Connecticut Yankee,5 out of 5,Great smoke,I will order these again.
Victor Sinclair Connecticut Yankee,5 out of 5,Excellent flavor and taste,A mild and smooth cigar from beginning to end.
Victor Sinclair Connecticut Yankee,4 out of 5,I like the 55 better,I like the 55 better
Victor Sinclair Connecticut Yankee,5 out of 5,good buy,"Always a solid smoke, well rolled and great value."
Victor Sinclair Connecticut Yankee,5 out of 5,Viictor,Nice smoke love it
Victor Sinclair Connecticut Yankee,5 out of 5,Only smoked one to date.,Only smoked one to date. I enjoyed it and look forward to smoking the others.
Victor Sinclair Connecticut Yankee,4 out of 5,Good cheap smoke,Good cheap smoke
Victor Sinclair Connecticut Yankee,5 out of 5,A nice smooth smoke,"Always pleasant, even burning. A nice smooth smoke for the money"
Victor Sinclair Connecticut Yankee,4 out of 5,Family golf fundraiser,Handed them out at Shriners hospital fundraiser and they were well received.
Victor Sinclair Connecticut Yankee,1 out of 5,Below standard,"I have been ordering Victor Sinclair for many years, this is the first time I have been unhappy. I have smoked 4 cigars out of the box. All four have been very hard to draw and have to keep on re-lighting."
Victor Sinclair Connecticut Yankee,5 out of 5,Victor Sinclair Connecticut Yankee torpedo,A wonderfully outstanding daily smoke!
Victor Sinclair Connecticut Yankee,4 out of 5,Value ++,Solid tasty everyday cigar.
Victor Sinclair Connecticut Yankee,4 out of 5,Good stick for the price.,Good stick for the price.
Victor Sinclair Fusion,5 out of 5,Excellent for girly smoke also!,"Tasty seriously like a cocktail. Wife loves it!!!
Easy going, 25 mins and light."
Victor Sinclair Fusion,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke a lady also,Tasty and very easy going. Excellent for women as well.
Victor Sinclair Fusion,5 out of 5,Tequila Sunrise,"good smoking cigar. Smooth, smells good, tastes good. Had a few that the wrapper came off while I was on my tractor, but other than that, they are great."
Victor Sinclair Fusion,5 out of 5,Good easy smoke,Good easy smoke
Victor Sinclair Fusion,4 out of 5,a nice smoke,"A nice mild cigar, with a light flavor. These are a big hit at my weekly cigar, shots and beer get together."
Victor Sinclair Fusion,3 out of 5,Reasonable anytime cigar,Reasonable anytime cigar
Victor Sinclair Fusion,5 out of 5,"Smooth,well made, great deal","Smooth,well made, great deal"
Victor Sinclair Fusion,5 out of 5,Really enjoyed them,"Really enjoyed these as a mello, infused option. I have ordered a few other similar style vanilla flavored that were not the same-these were pretty decently rolled cigars for the type."
Victor Sinclair Fusion,3 out of 5,Flavored cigars,These are a good mild cigar but not much on flavor. They run a little hot at the end.
Victor Sinclair Fusion,4 out of 5,Good Value,Flavorful. Good construction and burn. Great value for price
Victor Sinclair Fusion,4 out of 5,Good,Good smoke if you don’t have time for a full size cigar
Victor Sinclair Fusion,5 out of 5,"Victor Sinclair Fusion Corona - Rum & Cola,",very good flavored cigar. Could use a little more rum. very good quality.
Victor Sinclair Fusion,4 out of 5,Rum @ coke,Good I would like to have them in vanilla flavor
Victor Sinclair Fusion,5 out of 5,Great Taste,"My wife states, "" It smells so good"". Smooth and flavorful."
Victor Sinclair Fusion,3 out of 5,Flavor did not last long,"Flavor did not last long (as I expected), but considering the price, these are not bad sticks."
Victor Sinclair Fusion,5 out of 5,I like it,"A good little smoke, smells good to"
Victor Sinclair Fusion,3 out of 5,They were ok,They were ok
Victor Sinclair Fusion,4 out of 5,"Fusion, whipped cream vodka","interesting, different an acquired taste,"
Victor Sinclair Fusion,4 out of 5,Flavor cigar,"Good flavor, nicely packed, no bitter taste, bought them on sale, not sure if I would have bought them if they weren't on drastic price cut."
Victor Sinclair Fusion,5 out of 5,Whipped,Good after dinner puff
Victor Sinclair Fusion,5 out of 5,A nice smoke,I will buy agai!
Victor Sinclair Fusion,5 out of 5,Fusion,Not super sweet.
Victor Sinclair Fusion,4 out of 5,Fusion,Outstanding value. They’re mild and flavorful. I would purchase them again.
Victor Sinclair Fusion,5 out of 5,Bold taste,Love the bold taste and the slow burn of the cigar
Victor Sinclair Fusion,3 out of 5,Fine.,It's fine.
Victor Sinclair Primeros,5 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth
Victor Sinclair Primeros,5 out of 5,A great go to smoke,A great go to smoke
Victor Sinclair Primeros,5 out of 5,Very smooth and satisfying.,Very smooth and satisfying.
Victor Sinclair Primeros,5 out of 5,Even Burn,smooth and steady smoke
Victor Sinclair Primeros,5 out of 5,Good price for a mild cigar,These are my go to cigars. I like a mellow smoke but I want long Fillers. This cigar fits the bill.
Victor Sinclair Primeros,5 out of 5,cigars international,Worth the price dont have to think twice about this company
Victor Sinclair Primeros,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar !
Victor Sinclair Primeros,4 out of 5,Primeros,Good mild taste
Victor Sinclair Primeros,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Victor Sinclair Primeros,4 out of 5,"Nice, mild smoker",Could use a little more flavor. Otherwise very mild. Enjoy these often.
Victor Sinclair Primeros,5 out of 5,Very good morning coffee smoke,Very good morning coffee smoke
Victor Sinclair Primeros,4 out of 5,Victor Sinclair churchill,This is very reasonably priced mellow light smoke and burns great Great knock around smoke
Victor Sinclair Primeros,5 out of 5,Consistent good mellow smoke.,Consistent good mellow smoke.
Victor Sinclair Primeros,4 out of 5,Good affordable cigar,Good affordable cigar
Victor Sinclair Primeros,5 out of 5,They are 5 star cigars.,They are 5 star cigars.
Victor Sinclair Primeros,3 out of 5,They are okay,"They are okay, basic Dominican cigar"
Victor Sinclair Primeros,5 out of 5,High quality exceptional price,High quality exceptional price
Victor Sinclair Primeros,5 out of 5,One of my favorites at,One of my favorites at a reasonable price.
Victor Sinclair Primeros,5 out of 5,great mellow,Great mellow Cigar with some scotch on the rocks yum.
Victor Sinclair Primeros,4 out of 5,Not torpedo,"I always order these in Torpedo, for past 5?years. Opened my box today and saw they are Lonsdale. Picture you show says Torpedo, but the accompanying photo is also wrong"
Victor Sinclair Primeros,4 out of 5,Every day cigar,"Great smoke, burns well. will buy again"
Victor Sinclair Primeros,4 out of 5,Great everyday cigar ! Whether,"Great everyday cigar ! Whether fishing , painting the house or cutting grass ."
Victor Sinclair Primeros,4 out of 5,d.d.king,"fine cigar, but on several occasions, I had some pretty tough draws."
Victor Sinclair Primeros,5 out of 5,One sweet smoking torpedo!,"This an awesome cigar for the price. Love it and keep re-ordering it!
Bob"
Victor Sinclair Primeros,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,I am very much enjoying the Victor Sinclair cigars. They have a and flavor and burn smoothly. Great on the golf course or with a cold beverage or a nice scotch on the patio. Highly recommend this cigar!
Victor Sinclair Primeros,5 out of 5,Awesome smoke.,Awesome smoke.
Victor Sinclair Primeros,5 out of 5,It's a Repeat,"Fantastic smoke, mild and very flavorful. it's a true 9 hole cigar that you can't beat!"
Victor Sinclair Primeros,3 out of 5,Not consistent,Some cigars had hard spots hard to draw
Victor Sinclair Primeros,5 out of 5,Smooth taste at a good,Smooth taste at a good price
Victor Sinclair Primeros,5 out of 5,Great Low Cost Smoke,"Very good consistent taste from start to finish for a mellow cigar. Smooth ash, even burn and a mild nicotine buzz midway thru the smoke."
Victor Sinclair Primeros,5 out of 5,Good Every Day Cigar,"This is my go to cigar for daily enjoyment. Not harsh, smooth and mellow."
Victor Sinclair Primeros,5 out of 5,I like a mild cigar,"I like a mild cigar at a fair price
And this cigar fits that.
This cigar smokes like higher
Price cigar."
Victor Sinclair Primeros,4 out of 5,Smooth mellow nice stick,Smooth mellow nice stick
Victor Sinclair Primeros,5 out of 5,Nice little smoke,I usually smoke large cigars while golfing but these cigars fit the bill for a 15min. smoke.
Victor Sinclair Primeros,5 out of 5,Victor Sinclair always reliable,"I don't think I've ever had a bad VS cigar, Victor Sinclair primos are light, full plume cigars that don't disappoint"
Victor Sinclair Primeros,5 out of 5,Very pleased!!!,Very pleased!!!
Victor Sinclair Primeros,4 out of 5,Good cigar for sale price,Good cigar for sale price
Victor Sinclair Primeros,4 out of 5,VS CIGARS WERE AWESOME,VS CIGARS WERE AWESOME
Victor Sinclair Primeros,5 out of 5,Keep em coming,"Not only a great stogie at a great price, my family really love the wooden boxes. They’re always asking when I’m getting a new order!"
Victor Sinclair Primeros,4 out of 5,Delicious Cigars,"good quality, nice and delicious cigars. thanks."
Victor Sinclair Primeros,3 out of 5,Great smoke,"a llittle mild for my taste, but a good quilt smoke"
Victor Sinclair Primeros,4 out of 5,VERY mild,Smooth!
Victor Sinclair Primeros,4 out of 5,Great smoke,would order again
Victor Sinclair Primeros,4 out of 5,Good mild cigar without being,Good mild cigar without being a flavored cigar. Doesn’t smoke hot at the end.
Victor Sinclair Primeros,5 out of 5,Gonna have to buy some for myself next,Bought these as a fathers day gift for my step father in Florida. Wish CI put humidity packs in their shipments. Knowing from my past purchases I had these delivered to me and popped a Bovida in with them before sending them off to Florida. He is still savoring them today as he likes his mild flavored Churchill’s
Victor Sinclair Primeros,4 out of 5,Great value. Well worth the,Great value. Well worth the price. Very consistent smoke from every stick.
Victor Sinclair Primeros,5 out of 5,Victor Sinclair,Smooth and reasonably priced
Victor Sinclair Primeros,5 out of 5,Love it,Smooth and mellow.
Victor Sinclair Primeros,5 out of 5,entry level cigar,The price is reasonable. entry level cigar.
Victor Sinclair Primeros,5 out of 5,Best Cigar for the $.,My special day cigar. Love it.
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Corojo Petites,4 out of 5,Small smokes in tins,Good quality small smokes. For just a little more cost than the budget brands much better tobacco and construction. Personally there are flavor infused tins I like better but they are not in this price range.
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Corojo Petites,4 out of 5,Not bad,These minis are actually more robust than I was expecting and for a Victor Sinclair the price can't be beat.
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Corojo Petites,5 out of 5,Outstanding value,These are a great little cigar. Medium to medium full bodied perfect with my morning coffee or a evening cocktail. At under 30 bucks you can’t go wrong. I’m ordering more this week.
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Corojo Petites,5 out of 5,Cigars,Great taste new favorite
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Corojo Petites,5 out of 5,Big flavor from a tiny smoke,Love these quick little smokes for just that perfect moment when you don’t have a lot of time.
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Corojo Petites,5 out of 5,Good taste!,"I really love the flavor of this cigars.
When I need to take a rest.
It's the perfect time to smoke!"
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Corojo Petites,5 out of 5,Just perfect!,just perfect!
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Corojo Petites,3 out of 5,Pretty Good,"Decent corojo flavor, overall. Some of them have been a lot tighter draw than I’d like, but still smokable. For the price not too shabby at all."
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Corojo Petites,4 out of 5,Great little smoke,Great little smoke for the golf course are messing around in the garage
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Corojo Petites,4 out of 5,good to go,"Great smokes. love the flavor, and quality."
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Corojo Petites,5 out of 5,A diamond in the rough!,"Get a tin of these with your next order. My husband usually smokes mid-level to upper level cigars medium to full body, however we got a few of these and found a delightful quickie that burned very nicely with fairly complex flavors. You cannot go wrong for the price and you just might enjoy them."
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Corojo Petites,4 out of 5,Good,Good smoke
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Corojo Petites,3 out of 5,A,I did like them but some were tight and hard to draw
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Corojo Petites,4 out of 5,Smokeable,The higher end small cigars I have bought in the past are pack to tight with a draw that is impossible to smoke. These VS are tasty and well made.
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Corojo Petites,5 out of 5,Tasty 15 min. treat. Mild,Tasty 15 min. treat. Mild and refreshing.
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Corojo Petites,5 out of 5,Great Little Cigar,These cigars are great when I just have a little time to light up a smoke and relax outside!!!
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Corojo Petites,4 out of 5,Cigar,Very smooth great tasting
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Corojo Petites,4 out of 5,Decent,"Nice taste, not too bad. Some are wrapped pretty poorly, but only one was unsmokable. Good bang for your buck."
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Corojo Petites,5 out of 5,Victor Sinclair Series 55,"This is a fantastic little smoke. Full bodied, slow burning and great flavor. Nice in between smoke."
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Corojo Petites,4 out of 5,Good Quick Everyday Smoke,Great everyday little smoke for the money. Not going to win any awards but if you're looking to have a quick smoke - these definitely work.
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Corojo Petites,4 out of 5,Perfect size,This is a perfect size and great smoke for when you don’t have 45 minutes for a proper cigar.
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Corojo Petites,5 out of 5,These are fantastic,"If you like smoking quality cigars but don’t always have an hour or two, this is the pack. GREAT after dinner smoke when you also have other things to do..."
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Corojo Petites,5 out of 5,good tasting,Great little cigar
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Corojo Petites,5 out of 5,good tasting corojo,victor sinclair has surprised me with this smooth tasting cigar. great burn and great taste. the 5 tobaccos has a taste all their own. i have recommended these cigars to everyone i know. will be purchasing more in the future
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Corojo Petites,4 out of 5,Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Corojo Petites Serie '55' Corojo Tins,"These little [real] cigars are nice for a relative short pleasant smoke, but last longer then you might realize. I just ordered more."
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Corojo Petites,5 out of 5,Perfect!,"Corojo 55 has a soft taste and delicious bouquet!
I think it's just PERFECT! Thanks C.I. to let me taste it!"
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Corojo Petites,3 out of 5,Not bad,Not bad
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Corojo Petites,4 out of 5,"Tasty and handy,","Tasty and handy,"
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Corojo Petites,5 out of 5,Vs 55 series cigarillos,Great small smoke
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Corojo Petites,4 out of 5,Great for Fast Smoke,Great for a fast smoke. Not a lot of flavor though.
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Corojo Petites,4 out of 5,Great smoke for the river or a to finish the night,"Bought the 5 pack for the 4th of July week to share with the brother-in-law and friends. Perfect for floating the San Marcos River, hanging around the pit and pitching washers when you can't sit down for a long smoke. Great to finish the evening when you want ""just one more""! Good burn, good flavor, great price, we enjoyed them. Would buy again."
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Corojo Petites,5 out of 5,Great cigar,"Small cigar for the quick smoke, with the big cigar experience."
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Corojo Petites,3 out of 5,Petites,Was not impressed or satisfied with quality
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Corojo Petites,5 out of 5,LIKE,"GREAT LITTLE CIGAR WITH A FANATIC TASTE, YA'LL SHOULD TRY IT."
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Corojo Petites,5 out of 5,Good little cigar,Good little cigar
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Corojo Petites,4 out of 5,Good quick cigar,I like them for a quick walk with my dog. Nice taste.
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Corojo Petites,5 out of 5,Great quick cigar,"Great flavor and balance, but also the convenience of a 15-30min smoke."
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Corojo Petites,5 out of 5,victor 55,"great smoke, just the right size for short brake and a fine favorable smoke!"
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Corojo Petites,5 out of 5,Nice quick smoke,Nice quick smoke
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Corojo Petites,5 out of 5,Very nice smoke,Short quality smoke
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Corojo Petites,5 out of 5,Spicy,"These are a really spicy, peppery little cigar. I may be ordering these in a larger size come summer."
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Corojo Petites,4 out of 5,Pretty good. Rewards would be nice?,I buy frequently and it would be nice to get some sort of perk once you hit a certain milestone or amount ordered. Other then that pretty good.
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Corojo Petites,4 out of 5,Good all day smoke.,"These are great everyday smokes for me. They can be a little strong at times, i have smoked many tins of these and only experience construction issues occasionally and not nearly as bad as many state.they are not perfect by no means but tastey none the less. Keep them cool as they can be rushed thus becoming bitter, it is a cigar and not a cigarette. Easily one of my favorite short smoke all day cigars. The taste is a spicey woods and nutty flavor for me. I have smoked hundreds of these and will continue to buy.i buy them when on sale mostly."
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Corojo Petites,5 out of 5,Great job and products,Great job and products
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Corojo Petites,4 out of 5,nice little smoke,great little smoke for 15 min. its nice and smooth and mellow. i would buy this again
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Corojo Petites,3 out of 5,Decent smoke,The VS Serie '55' cigar is short and to the point.
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Corojo Petites,4 out of 5,Not a bad little cigar,Nice Smoke when you're on the run
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Corojo Petites,5 out of 5,Great value and great smoke,These are smalls but very well made and great taste
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Corojo Petites,3 out of 5,OK small cigar,Tightly packed. Not as good as other Victor Sinclair small cigars
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Corojo Petites,2 out of 5,Sub par,Cheap in all respects. I guess you get what you pay for.
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great quality,A great quantity everyday cigar at a very reasonable price
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Connecticut,5 out of 5,Wonderful product,I recommended to people who love something like this mild and delicious cigars
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Connecticut,5 out of 5,Ordered 4 times now. I,Ordered 4 times now. I like this cigar. Little more than a mild smoke.
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Connecticut,4 out of 5,Nice smooth tasting cigar,Nice smooth tasting cigar
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Connecticut,5 out of 5,Victor Sinclair at its best,Victor Sinclair is always a great choice. Great price. Awesome smoke. Have rarely been disappointed with this brand. A total winner.
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Connecticut,3 out of 5,Poor Construction,"At first light I really liked the flavor & easy draw: smooth, rich tobacco flavor, yet mild. I've now smoked about six and find the construction to be the worst of any cigar I've tried! The outer layer is very thin and keeps cracking, even after a month in the humidor. By the last third the loosely packed leaves start falling apart to the extent that it cannot be smoked. This may be due to the double toro size. The three stars are only for flavor. I would not recommend this cigar."
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Connecticut,4 out of 5,Would get this cigar again!,Great cigar! Taste was pleasant and burned evenly!
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Connecticut,5 out of 5,Victor Sinclair Series 55,Outstanding
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good cigar for the money,In my opinion it’s underrated and priced right . Nice finish
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Connecticut,5 out of 5,Series 55: My go-to cigar,"Mild to medium, a great cigar and you can't beat the value. Perfect burn and great flavor throughout."
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Connecticut,4 out of 5,Nice,"Good flavor, nice ash"
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great smoke
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Connecticut,3 out of 5,Ok,Ok
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Connecticut,5 out of 5,Victor Sinclair,Excellent cigar!
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Connecticut,5 out of 5,Good conneticut,A really well balanced conneticut cigar. Just the right amount of body and spice. Well worth the price. Construction and burn are spot on.
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,This was my first buy of these cigars. When they arrived I tried one on the golf course (lasts 6 holes easy). What a great cigar. Then I gave one to a golf buddy at our Cigar Heads bi-weekly meet then at another buddy at a subsequent meet. Both loved the cigar. Mild as advertised. Burns well and evenly. Very smooth. Have bought more since.
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Connecticut,4 out of 5,Surprisingly TASTY ! ! !,"Mild and mellow, I'm usually a Maduro-Double Maduro-Oscuro type of guy, but got these to give Connecticut wrapper a go.
They're just a Lovely Change of Pace for Me, stunningly good draw, superb burn line. Just like all the Victor Sinclair's I've had before ( except Clasicos ), They are Very Tasty cigars and a Supreme Value to boot.
VCT in western MO"
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Connecticut,4 out of 5,Love the mellow taste and,Love the mellow taste and the slow even burn
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Connecticut,4 out of 5,Very good,Very good
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Connecticut,4 out of 5,Nice smoke,"My first time buying these, good mild smoke, burn was good. Fine for the golf course. Would buy again when on sale"
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Connecticut,5 out of 5,Good cigar,Nice cigar for the money. Good deal.
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Connecticut,4 out of 5,Smooth smoke,"Bought these as a present for a friend. As soon as he got them he was out on the deck enjoying it. The smile on his face said it all.
I've received at least a dozen ""thanks, best present I could have got""."
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Connecticut,5 out of 5,Very nice,Very nice
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Connecticut,5 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Connecticut,4 out of 5,Top everyday cigar,Not 90 rated but better than average everyday smoke.
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Connecticut,5 out of 5,Enjoyed the smoke,"I have always enjoyed VS cigars. Decent smoke and very nice on the wallet. I purchased a five pack to give em a try. Very mellow and they were an easy draw. I was happy with the construction, as it burned evenly. They were the perfect cigar when you want a mellow smoke while you are thinking about what you gotta do for the rest of the day. Enjoy"
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Connecticut,5 out of 5,Good melo smoke,Great taste with a smooth scent
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Connecticut,4 out of 5,Nice Smoke,Nice Smoke at a good price
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great cigar,It’s a great cigar with an even better price
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Connecticut,5 out of 5,Fabulous Everyday Smoke,Thw price won't poje your eye out! Excellent smoke for a daily indulgence!
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Connecticut,5 out of 5,Good smoke and great value,Can’t go wrong with VS. Flavorful Dominican cigar at the right price.
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good smoke!!,Good smoke!!
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Connecticut,4 out of 5,"Nice length, smooth smoking, burns","Nice length, smooth smoking, burns very even. Nice mild cigar."
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Connecticut,5 out of 5,A good smoke,"Try it
You will like the way it burns and the sweet tobacco flavores"
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Connecticut,5 out of 5,Nice smooth taste. Burns nice,Nice smooth taste. Burns nice and slow. Well made cigar
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Connecticut,5 out of 5,VICTOR SINCLAIR IMPERIAL,"THIS WAS A FANTASTIC CIGAR. IT BURNED EVENLY AND I
FOUND IT TO HAVE A FANTASTIC FLAVOR. GOOD CIGAR!!"
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Connecticut,5 out of 5,Nice,Love them need to order some more too:)
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good to go!,"Got a taste of these in a freebie sampler...and just had to buy a box! Always a good taste and draw, with a decent burn. Damn good smoke for the price. Will definitely be ordering more"
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Connecticut,5 out of 5,Tastefully mellow companion to working,Tastefully mellow companion to working around the yard.
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good flavor the wrapper cracks.,Good flavor the wrapper cracks. Vey dry right away.
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Connecticut,3 out of 5,"Quality, mild smoke for everyday","Even burn, long smoke, and tastes better the longer it ages in a humidor."
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Connecticut,3 out of 5,Decent mild/medium smoke,"I'm a mild to medium Dominican cigar guy. I'd smoke Montecristos nonstop if I didn't need to do things like buy food & beer and pay the mortgage. Just smoked one of these after 2 days in the humidor after getting it off the truck. Great burn line, lots of smoke and held the ash until i didn't want to risk it falling on my desk. Its not going to wow with complex flavors (note that I could spend $1k at Dean & Deluca and couldn't get half the flavors some bloggers get out of a cigar) but its a nice mild medium smoke with some cream and no off flavors that hit the spot while I sat at my desk being my own buttonmonkey. Really more like 3.5 stars."
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Connecticut,4 out of 5,Not a bad Gar !,For the $ this was a decent smoke. Slow even burn the whole way. More mild than medium. Would buy again.
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Connecticut,3 out of 5,A little harsh at 1st,A little harsh at 1st but ok
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Connecticut,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Connecticut,4 out of 5,A great Connecticut!,"A really nice offering from Victor Sinclair. Very smooth with a slight sweetness, it builds in body throughout but maintains its smooth quality. No bitterness in the second half, which plagues some other Connecticuts. Will definitely re-order."
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Connecticut,5 out of 5,Victor Sinclair,Great smoke. It’s a pleasure doing business with C.I.
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Connecticut,5 out of 5,smooth,"Nice smoke, burned really nicely. Smooth and mild."
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Connecticut,5 out of 5,tastes great and we like,tastes great and we like the prompt shipping time after the purchase is made
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Habano,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,Husband loves these cigars
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Habano,5 out of 5,Relaxing,"Great draw, great aroma and smooth great afternoon relaxing cigar"
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Habano,5 out of 5,Pleasantly surprised,Pleasantly surprised I really enjoy these smokes
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Habano,5 out of 5,good,good
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Habano,4 out of 5,Good long steady smoke.,Good long steady smoke.
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Habano,5 out of 5,Great bargain,"I love this cigar. They all have had a nice draw, even burn and they’re smooth with rich flavor"
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Habano,5 out of 5,Mr.Smoke,great smoke and value keep up the good products
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Habano,4 out of 5,Good,Good
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Habano,5 out of 5,Peppery but changes...,"A bit peppery when first begun, but becomes less so as it burns. Really not a bad taste at all,
almost premium quality but just a little short. For the price, it's a very good deal indeed!"
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Habano,4 out of 5,Sinclair 55,good smoke!
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Habano,3 out of 5,not bad for the money,not bad for the money
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Habano,4 out of 5,Imperial 55,"Coffee notes, smooth draw, good deal"
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Habano,4 out of 5,Fine stick,"Fine stick burn was even, draw was good."
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Habano,5 out of 5,I recommend,"Very good stick especially for the price. Earthy with notes of pepper, cedar, and coffee."
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Habano,5 out of 5,Excellent Smoke,I have enjoyed this cigar every time I've had one. Definitely a mainstay in my humidor!! Thanks CI!!
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Habano,5 out of 5,Nice draw. Burned evenly. Really,Nice draw. Burned evenly. Really enjoyed it!
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Habano,4 out of 5,Good smokes,Good smokes
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Habano,4 out of 5,"Good Burn, nice flavor. Good","Good Burn, nice flavor. Good cigar for the money"
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Habano,4 out of 5,Nice cigar,Nice cigar
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Habano,5 out of 5,Victor Sinclair Imperial 55,A fine Smoke right to the nub
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Habano,4 out of 5,Well balanced smoke.,"These cigars are not too mild, and not too full bodied. They are a nice, enjoyable smoke. Will definitely order more."
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Habano,4 out of 5,OK,Very good
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Habano,3 out of 5,Ok,Ok
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Habano,3 out of 5,mor man,Nice cigar. Great for the golf course.
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Habano,4 out of 5,4 stars 4 me,"My take on this Sinclair is definitely on the upside,well constructed, smooth burn and flavors,easy draw,smoke out put 👍🏾most important if you want a decent nice smoke and the pocket ain't right for your other favorites bong!!!💥 here is one to choose."
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Habano,5 out of 5,Hey very good smoke tightly,Hey very good smoke tightly wound burns perfectly and something that you would like to enjoy
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Habano,5 out of 5,Nice Cigar,Great Value
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Habano,5 out of 5,"Very smooth,even burn. Would buy","Very smooth,even burn. Would buy more."
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Habano,4 out of 5,VS imperial 55,"GOOD SMOKE.
MELLOW, EASY DRAW."
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Habano,4 out of 5,VS double nickel,"I tried these smokes a few years ago, but was reintroduced recently.
Beautifully made,terrific burn, and all the flavor I want in a reasonably priced smoke!"
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Habano,5 out of 5,Slow Smoking Beauty.,Full flavor and a great smoke for watching a ballgame. Long lasting and great flavor.
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Habano,3 out of 5,Okay,Okay
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Habano,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"Smooth,great tast and slow burn."
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Habano,5 out of 5,Surprisingly good!,"Munched enjoyed, stayed lit as long as I didnt drift to far in a conversation. Tasty cigar, I would recommend and will buy again."
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Habano,3 out of 5,Lousy burn...won't stay lit,Lousy burn...won't stay lit
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Habano,4 out of 5,Smooth to the finish,"Great from start to finish , rich taste with a fair price !"
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Habano,5 out of 5,Smooth smoke,Smooth steady smoke. Only thing I smoke. Send me some free ones.
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Habano,2 out of 5,Review,Not that great
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Habano,5 out of 5,A Real Winner!,"Surprisingly great! I was a little hesitant at first as I generally like a stronger smoke. These were fantastic! Even though they are mild, they still provide plenty of subtle flavors without being at all harsh. Good, even burn and a nice, even ash. I paired it with a large mug of ""caramel macchiato"" while sitting by the fire pit and the combination was fantastic! A perfect compliment! A completely relaxing experience! Victor Sinclair has a real winner!"
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Habano,5 out of 5,Good cigars,Good cigars
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Habano,5 out of 5,Excellent,Wonderful blend and roll
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Habano,5 out of 5,Victor Sinclair series 55 Imperial Connecticut Toro,Open the box. Smoked one enjoy it. Easy draw(used a punch) lots of smoke. Flavor good hints of pepper. Full tobacco glavor.
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Habano,5 out of 5,Great Smoke.,This cigar has great smoothness to it. Smoke and burns great. Love these cigars.
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Habano,5 out of 5,Serie 55 Imperial Habano Robusto,"The lady who placed my order was Incredible. She was very helpful, pleasant and it made the purchase enjoyable. I have not smoked one of the cigars yet. But I will be doing so soon."
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Habano,3 out of 5,Ok,For the money invested it is a pretty good smoke!
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Habano,3 out of 5,Not good,"Not a very good taste, burn extremely quickly, and not bold at all"
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Habano,5 out of 5,Masterpiece,This is on my top ten list and the price you can't beat
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Habano,5 out of 5,Very good cigar will buy,Very good cigar will buy again
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Habano,5 out of 5,Vincent ST Clare 55 cigars,"Like the cigar. However, having some problems with a few where they burn down the center, leaving an outer ring of unlit tobacco. I keep my cigars in a humidor with plenty of moisture (70 to 80) on the dial."
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Habano,5 out of 5,Great Cigar ... great price,draws smooth and easy....
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Maduro,4 out of 5,Not bad at all,"Pretty good stick, especially for the price I got it for."
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Maduro,3 out of 5,look elsewhere - unless...,"A disappointing smoke for those who buy cigars on reputation.
The lack of flavor is distinct. Typically, I look to maduro wrapped sticks for their boastful yet sweet palate. This lacks, but provides a moderate aroma.
Burn quality is fair to poor. as of this the 13th stick of 20, only one burned symmetrically. All others had a hot spot run up one side of the cigar. asymmetrical burns of 3/4"" to 1"" are usual."
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Maduro,5 out of 5,Great everyday smoke.,Been smoking for sometime now. Consistent throughout.
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Well rounded cigar
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Maduro,5 out of 5,not bad,good bang for the buck
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Maduro,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke.
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Maduro,4 out of 5,Smooth and flavorful,Smooth and flavorful
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Maduro,4 out of 5,Decent Smoke,I have these as my regular smokes due to price and that they are a good quality draw and good flavors. All in all it is a pleasant smoke!
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Maduro,5 out of 5,Victor Sinclair 55 Imperial Maduro,"A very good cigar,well worth the price"
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Maduro,5 out of 5,Well worth the money!,Well worth the money!
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Maduro,5 out of 5,A well tasting maduro,Excellent maduro bought these two five packs tried the 12 sampler worthy choice ID buy it again
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Maduro,5 out of 5,A well tasting maduro,Excellent maduro bought these two five packs tried the 12 sampler worthy choice ID buy it again
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cheap smoke,Great cheap smoke
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Maduro,5 out of 5,good smoke,good smoke
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Maduro,4 out of 5,"Tried em, liked em","Very nice cigar. Tried the 5 pack, will order more!"
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Maduro,5 out of 5,Cool,Cool
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Maduro,4 out of 5,Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Maduro Toro,Delish!
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Maduro,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Good cigar
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Maduro,4 out of 5,Excellent value,Just the same
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Maduro,4 out of 5,Nice cigar,Nice cigar
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Maduro,4 out of 5,Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Maduro Toro,"They were good...but the other ones I bought at the same time,
5 Vegas, half were not smokable, whatever was in the cigar
would not burn...."
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Maduro,4 out of 5,Nice cigar for the money.,Nice cigar for the money. Good burn time and flavor.
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Maduro,5 out of 5,Nice smoke,Good quality and good price
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Maduro,5 out of 5,Great cigars and a great,Great cigars and a great buy!
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Maduro,5 out of 5,Victor Sinclair A+,For a moderately priced cigar these are very good. Burn straight and decent flavor
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Maduro,5 out of 5,Victor St Clairs,This awesome V.C. are a smooth white ash cigar. Great for a glass of whiskey or scotch. Nice mellow tones of per delight.
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Maduro,5 out of 5,Imperial 55,"This is a great, bold full bodied smoke!
Smokes well till the finish."
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Maduro,5 out of 5,great cigar,"flavorful with a great burn,"
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Maduro,4 out of 5,"VS Imperial "" 55 "" Maduro","Very Tough to say anything bad about this Victor Sinclair. Real Good Taste, darn good draw and the price was QUITE Good - - - also know it was a MMAO thing, with Free Shipping."
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Maduro,4 out of 5,Like,Like
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Maduro,5 out of 5,Victor Sinclairs,Always a great cigar for the price. Should have bought 3 boxes.
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Maduro,5 out of 5,Very good,Good
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Maduro,5 out of 5,"Humidor, Humidor, Humidor",Can’t stress enough that getting the most out of your cigars requires a good humidor. Do not buy these exquisite well warped smooth and lasting Victors without keeping them in a Humidore.
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Maduro,3 out of 5,Eh....OK,"Not bad, but most did not burn evenly at all. 35% of them I had to punch through as they would not draw. What I got out of them was not bad...spicy start, burn at about 1 inch left, up to there not a bad smoke"
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Maduro,5 out of 5,"Good flavor, burns nicely","Good flavor, burns nicely"
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Maduro,4 out of 5,VS Serie 55,Very nice smooth smoke that will not get hot towards the end. slow burning and good flavor. Not disappointed
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Maduro,3 out of 5,I this Maduro to be,"I this Maduro to be a little smoother, it was a bit harsh especially at end of the smoke"
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Maduro,1 out of 5,Not good,They won’t stay lit
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Maduro,3 out of 5,its not bad,"Decent value for my humidor to smoke on the back porch. No real complexity to it and it is not something I would not buy from my local cigar bar to enjoy a good cognac. To me it is not on the level of Saka, Caldwell, Romacraft, or any of the newer boutique brands. I get a decent amount of smoke from them and the taste is ok. I just do not look forward to smoking them like the others aforementioned brands."
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Maduro,4 out of 5,Victor Sinclair,I enjoyed the flavor
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Maduro,4 out of 5,Nice smoke,Under rated
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Maduro,5 out of 5,Good smokr,Good smokr
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Maduro,5 out of 5,Best Value Cigar on the Market,"This is one tasty cigar. Maduro richness with a touch of spice. Beautiful craftsmanship. For the price, none BETTER. A cigar that brings a smile to your face."
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Maduro,5 out of 5,this is the best,"I don't care for maduros but I received 5 in a free offer, first I love the shade of the wrapper, its a dark brown and very far from the black type I don't care for, hands down the habano 55 is my favorite but I'm gonna buy a box of the maduros and keep a few always on hand"
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Maduro,5 out of 5,cigars,great cigars.
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Maduro,5 out of 5,Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Maduro,"Great taste, smooth even burn."
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Maduro,4 out of 5,Nice smooth cigar,Nice smooth cigar
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Maduro,4 out of 5,Good cigar,"I probably wouldn't buy a box just because there are others I like better, but I'm pleased with them as a change of pace in the mega maduro sampler I ordered."
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Maduro,5 out of 5,Victor Sinclair Serie 55 Imperial Maduro Robusto,Bought these in a large sampler with 7 BIG NAME cigars. Started sampling 1 a day. Saved this until almost last. I was pleasantly surprised! Plenty of smooth smoke. Nice burn and ash. Beautiful wrapper. No bitterness. Overall one of my favorites. Would definitely buy again.
Victor Sinclair Serie '55' Imperial Maduro,5 out of 5,Awesome,Real smooth and enjoyable stick......and then the finish!!! Superb
Victor Sinclair Triple Corojo,5 out of 5,You will experience a touch,You will experience a touch of cloud 9 when you light one of these babies up!!
Victor Sinclair Triple Corojo,5 out of 5,Look how often I order,Look how often I order them. That will answer the question
Victor Sinclair Triple Corojo,4 out of 5,Taste good,Good draw..feels good in the hand...good even taste..
Victor Sinclair Triple Corojo,3 out of 5,OK overall but not a slam dunk.,These cigars for the most part had good flavor but flavor was inconsistent from one cigar to the next. The overall burn from start to finish was OK but some cigars struggled to stay lit or was harsh to drag on in order to obtain a good smoke.
Victor Sinclair Triple Corojo,3 out of 5,Ok for price,"Good taste; however, many where hard to draw and keep light."
Victor Sinclair Triple Corojo,4 out of 5,Good everyday smoke that won't break the bank.,"Good full flavor. Burns pretty evenly for a relaxing smoke. The only reason that I didn't give this 5 stars is because I've had a couple that had a tougher draw, so the roll was a little tight or not done as well as the rest of the box. I would still recommend them and I will probably order another box or two in the future."
Victor Sinclair Triple Corojo,5 out of 5,"This is my ""go to smoke.","Inexpensive, consistent, medium-strong, the Robusto is exactly the length I need for trips to the store or home from work."
Victor Sinclair Triple Corojo,3 out of 5,Satisfying,For the price this is a satisfying smoke and will not disappoint you.
Victor Sinclair Triple Corojo,4 out of 5,"This is my ""go to smoke.","For the price, very good!! Smokes well, good strong taste and flavor!"
Victor Sinclair Triple Corojo,5 out of 5,Very good medium body flavored.,Very good medium body flavored.
Victor Sinclair Triple Corojo,5 out of 5,Great cigar,My co-worker gave me two of these and I loved them. Bought this box during the holidays and do not regret it.
Victor Sinclair Triple Corojo,5 out of 5,great evan smoke,"nice mellow smoke, good draw."
Victor Sinclair Triple Corojo,5 out of 5,Victor Sinclair,Enjoying the ⛺️Cigar
Victor Sinclair Triple Corojo,4 out of 5,Victor Sinclair,"Been buying VC for years, a good ever day smoke, not the top of the line cigar but good enough!!!"
Victor Sinclair Triple Corojo,5 out of 5,BIG Corojo Fan,"These sticks are loaded with flavor. They are a smooth smoke and very tasty. I have been smoking these for years and having the Corojo tobacco throughout this cigar has a taste all of its own. I usually get the big ring size, Grande (6X60) and I have never been let down with these. These are always in my humidor !!"
Victor Sinclair Triple Corojo,4 out of 5,Great smoke for the price.,One of my every day go to cigares
Victor Sinclair Triple Corojo,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Smooth and consistent
Victor Sinclair Triple Corojo,3 out of 5,Above fair.,A fairly good cigar.
Victor Sinclair Triple Corojo,5 out of 5,GREAT GIFT CIGAR,GREAT GIFT CIGAR
Victor Sinclair Triple Corojo,5 out of 5,Gordo Victor Sinclair,They were all roled great - no problems with the draw. But I have to admit that the best of the smokes were the ones that had been in the humidor the longest. Next time I won't be so impatient and give them the time they need.
Victor Sinclair Triple Corojo,4 out of 5,Extreme corojo,Very impressed with this stick. Flawless production quality. I love corojo. This particular blend ramps up the flavor & intensity providing a really good smoke.
Victor Sinclair Triple Corojo,4 out of 5,"This is my ""go to","This is my ""go to smoke."
Victor Sinclair Triple Corojo,4 out of 5,They’re real good,They’re real good
Victor Sinclair Triple Corojo,4 out of 5,Good middle of the day,Good middle of the day smoke; medium bodied and good flavor. I was surprised it was as good for the price.
Victor Sinclair Triple Corojo,5 out of 5,Like a good cigar?,Good cigar for the money.
Victor Sinclair Triple Corojo,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Outstanding smoke will purchase again
Victor Sinclair Triple Corojo,5 out of 5,VS Triple Corojo,"Great quality and smooth taste. Yum, Yum!!"
Victor Sinclair Triple Corojo,4 out of 5,Victor santclar,Nice mild cigar burns long great taste
Victor Sinclair Triple Corojo,5 out of 5,"Good cigars, well priced","These are nice smokes, with a price that won't break the bank! Also, the box came with a great sampler deal! Barru"
Victor Sinclair Triple Corojo,3 out of 5,difficult to pull on some,"difficult to pull on some of them , otherwise good."
Victor Sinclair Triple Corojo,2 out of 5,"Not a very good cigar,","Not a very good cigar, hope it gets better with time in the humidor."
Victor Sinclair Triple Corojo,5 out of 5,Corojo Flavor Fest,"Well balanced Crojo flavors of rich earth and forest with just a touch of spice in a medium bodied VS classic. This well made, nicely packed, smoke has a great draw of velvety smoke. A perfect stick for fall."
Victor Sinclair Triple Corojo,4 out of 5,Worth it,For the price his is a good cigar .
Victor Sinclair Triple Corojo,3 out of 5,Victor Sinclair Triple Corojo Gordo,Not worth your time or money- terrible burn. Hard to keep lit and draws hard
Victor Sinclair Triple Corojo,4 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Victor Sinclair Triple Corojo,5 out of 5,"most had an even burn,but","most had an even burn,but some burned down the side.Flavor was mild and nice!"
Victor Sinclair Triple Corojo,5 out of 5,Victor Sinclair,"Excellent cigar with great flavor and a perfect match with a good brandy or wine highly recommended.,."
Victor Sinclair Triple Corojo,4 out of 5,NICE,WELL WORTH THE MONEY
Victor Sinclair Triple Corojo,5 out of 5,peppery,I like a little bit of pepper in my smoke. This does a nice job of a slow build up. Very satisfying smoke. One of my regulars now.
Victor Sinclair Triple Corojo,5 out of 5,Smooth,Great smoking cigar
Victor Sinclair Triple Corojo,4 out of 5,Victor Sinclair,Victor Sinclair Cigars are very well-made and a pleasure to smoke. Happy to have them in my humidor.
Victor Sinclair Triple Corojo,5 out of 5,Enjoyable Smoke,"I purchased a 5 Pack of these and thru them in the humidor.
I lit one up just earlier this evening...I have to say a very enjoyable smoke from start to finish...will be buying these again."
Victor Sinclair Triple Corojo,5 out of 5,"If you seek a great Corojo, this is it!","Wowsa! Incredible cigar for the money! Smooth draw, even burn. Bold Corojo flavors, smokes mellow and silky down to the last third, where the spicy kicks in (not for the timid!). Hang in there, because this stick ends with a strong and pleasing chocolaty finish!"
Victor Sinclair Triple Corojo,4 out of 5,I have smoked them before,"I have smoked them before and orfered them again. So I have enjoied them, surely I would not have ordered them again if I didn't"
Victor Sinclair Triple Corojo,5 out of 5,"Good, smooth, and reasonably priced!!","Good, smooth, and reasonably priced!!"
Victor Sinclair Triple Corojo,3 out of 5,A GOOD---SMOKE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,A GOOD---SMOKE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Victor Sinclair Triple Corojo,5 out of 5,Good cigars,"You have been my cigar company for a number of years now and I am very pleased with you service and response time. I had been with another cigar company in Florida. I have always been told that when you find something that works, stick with it. Thank you CI."
Victor Sinclair Triple Corojo,5 out of 5,great cigar,great cigar
Victor Sinclair Triple Corojo,4 out of 5,A decent cigar.,A pretty decent cigar for the price.
Victor Sinclair Triple Corojo,3 out of 5,not very smooth,not very smooth
Victor Sinclair Vintage Doppel Gordo,4 out of 5,It's okay easy draw woodsy,It's okay easy draw woodsy flavor
Victor Sinclair Vintage Doppel Gordo,4 out of 5,I like big ring cigsrs,"They came very dry but after a week or two they are enjoyable and burn even ,smoothe and last a long time"
Victor Sinclair Vintage Doppel Gordo,5 out of 5,Love the size.,I’ve ordered these many times and I always enjoy them. Best with a cigar punch and plenty of time to sit back and relax.
Victor Sinclair Vintage Doppel Gordo,5 out of 5,Great value,Great value
Victor Sinclair Vintage Doppel Gordo,5 out of 5,flakey wrapper,wrapper flaked off on last order of gordos Too dry?
Victor Sinclair Vintage Doppel Gordo,4 out of 5,Good price point,This cigar is a lfair every day cigar at a good price
Victor Sinclair Vintage Doppel Gordo,5 out of 5,My Daily Cigar,It's my go to cigar. Try to have one daily.
Victor Sinclair Vintage Doppel Gordo,5 out of 5,Nice tasting,"These are a stronger tasting cigar, which is what is like, also I am a large ring type of cigar guy"
Victor Sinclair Vintage Doppel Gordo,3 out of 5,Get a bib,Overall the cigar tastes pretty good if you smoke it really slow. You'll need a bib or some type of covering for your shirt though. This sucker is a mess. Ash flakes off constantly and gets all over you and everything else. Smoke it normally and the cherry resembles a forest fire. I'll give it 3 for the taste but overall it's a pain in the neck to smoke.
Victor Sinclair Vintage Doppel Gordo,4 out of 5,great tasting cigars but almost,great tasting cigars but almost consistently burn erratic
Victor Sinclair Vintage Doppel Gordo,5 out of 5,Victor Sinclair Doppel Gordo,I found the very good but they were 7 ring and a bit big for me I really like the 6 ring size . These held up very well in the cigar box for two weeks.
Victor Sinclair Vintage Doppel Gordo,4 out of 5,So Good They're BACKORDERED,"OK, guys, these are smokers; i.e., they'll form that luscious cloud around your head if you're driving with the windows up. The blend seems to be consistent from bundle to bundle. The burn is a controlled slow, usually. And quite even, if someone doesn't get you excited and cause you to direct your huff-and-puff on the cigar. That's my biggest problem. Like Mark Twain, ""I smoke and I smoke as hard as I can!"" So, I remind all my friends to smoke these like a Tibetan monk would, with great self control. The issue with Doppel Gordo is that I think the price is regularly too high for a 20-count. And they are on BACKORDERED status every time I try to order another load."
Victor Sinclair Vintage Doppel Gordo,4 out of 5,"It's a Log, not a stick","Better have plenty of free time. Well constructed, slow burning ""log"". Flavors not quite up to the standards set by its little brother, the vintage select, but I certainly wouldn't ever turn one down"
Victor Sinclair Vintage Doppel Gordo,4 out of 5,Long smoke,Long smoke
Victor Sinclair Vintage Doppel Gordo,5 out of 5,Vsinclair,Very good smoke good burn
Victor Sinclair Vintage Doppel Gordo,5 out of 5,Love these,Great daily smoke.. Right price nice draw I'm ordering more
Victor Sinclair Vintage Doppel Gordo,5 out of 5,Happy man,Excellent thanks
Victor Sinclair Vintage Doppel Gordo,5 out of 5,My favorite🤨,It always deliver the taste I want I a cigar.
Victor Sinclair Vintage Doppel Gordo,5 out of 5,It’s like paradise on earth,It’s like paradise on earth
Victor Sinclair Vintage Doppel Gordo,4 out of 5,"So far, so smokeable","I've only had three but they have a smooth taste and burn well, though the last one had a binder that unraveled. Smoked one on the golf course, and got to the 10th hole with it -- and I golf slow. I'd recommend them on sale -- they are a little costly at the current list price."
Victor Sinclair Vintage Doppel Gordo,3 out of 5,P,great for golfing keeps the bug away. On the other hand very mellow smoke and long lasting also best used with a punch twice for an even drag any other cutting device makes it unravel fast. does the job nice smoke to relax in.
Victor Sinclair Vintage Doppel Gordo,3 out of 5,Okay but...,Good tasting cigar when they burn properly. The construction isn’t the greatest and I find myself messing with them a little too often.
Victor Sinclair Vintage Doppel Gordo,5 out of 5,They are good cigar's/But the,They are good cigar's/But the price is to high
Victor Sinclair Vintage Doppel Gordo,4 out of 5,I like large ring cigars.,"Good smoke, easy draw. Construction is good, burns even, I like a v-cut on these,
Cap can detach/ unravel if you are not careful, but for the price, an extraordinary value. 10/10 would smoke again."
Victor Sinclair Vintage Doppel Gordo,5 out of 5,Great Cigar for Golf,cigar lasts 9 holes
Victor Sinclair Vintage Doppel Gordo,5 out of 5,Pleasing Smokes.,Really nice cigars. Easy smoking with several pleasing tastes. Stay lit for a long time. Re-light easy too. You will like adding these to your vave selection of cigars!!
Victor Sinclair Vintage Doppel Gordo,5 out of 5,Mild,Falls apart when smoking. Not very good. Won’t buy it again.
Victor Sinclair Vintage Doppel Gordo,5 out of 5,VS Doppel Gordo,It's pretty much the ONLY cigar that smoke
Victor Sinclair Vintage Doppel Gordo,5 out of 5,Smooth,Smooth smoke. Punch cut recommended given size and shape.
Victor Sinclair Vintage Doppel Gordo,3 out of 5,Not a bad smoke but,"Not a bad smoke but no dark chocolate, roasted coffee, as claimed"
Victor Sinclair Vintage Doppel Gordo,5 out of 5,My Favorite!,"I really like these cigars! I’ve smoked a lot of cigars in my day and these are, without a doubt, my steady smoke. Don’t let the size put you off, or the teasing about that log you’re smoking, these are just plain great. Great taste, lots of good smoke and they never burn hot. I’m extremely satisfied with this cigar! If I couldn’t get any more of these big beauties I would give up smoking!"
Victor Sinclair Vintage Doppel Gordo,5 out of 5,VS 70 are my favorite cigar BUT...,I enjoy the VS 70 gauge the most so far but lately they have been too moist not keeping lite and becoming very soggy and me throwing huge portions away. The VS variety Doppler Gordo has been out of stock for too long and there are few 70 size cigars let alone this price. I don’t enjoy anything smaller.
Victor Sinclair Vintage Doppel Gordo,5 out of 5,GREAT EVENING CIGAR !!,Great large cigar with good flavor. Great for an evening cigar around the fire place while watching TV !!
Victor Sinclair Vintage Doppel Gordo,5 out of 5,There okay,There okay
Victor Sinclair Vintage Doppel Gordo,5 out of 5,Favorite of all,Nothing better than these Victor Sinclair
Victor Sinclair Vintage Doppel Gordo,5 out of 5,my favorite cigar for the long drives home,Great cigar full of flavor. Need to put them in humidor a few days to get them ready to smoke. I wish they went on sale so I could stock up
Victor Sinclair Vintage Doppel Gordo,3 out of 5,Victor Sinclair Doppel Gordo Doppel Gordo,"Did not enjoy at all. Did not smoke smoothly, wrapper fell off. Hard to draw all around not an enjoyable smoke."
Victor Sinclair Vintage Doppel Gordo,3 out of 5,Another lawn mower cigar,"Flavor is good, not great. Construction is very good. Good draw. Ash does not hold together well; a “dirty” smoke."
Victor Sinclair Vintage Doppel Gordo,2 out of 5,Disappointed,Burns way too fast and has to much air in the draw.
Victor Sinclair Vintage Doppel Gordo,5 out of 5,not your typical cigar,"Interesting cigar, large box pressed with tons of air. The wrapper is large and burns very easy, offers tons of flavor and isn't over powering with filler. The size and open'ness of the tobacco offers easy pulls and tons of smoke. You can smoke it fast and not over pull, the cherry gets hots and tones down very quickly if you do go too fast.
Downsides is the stick doesn't hold ash easy, it blows everywhere if there is a breeze is and it burns out fast. Not an easy starter either.
Will buy again, favorite flavor by far."
Victor Sinclair Vintage Doppel Gordo,4 out of 5,Very good,Was a very nice mild smoke. And it burned perfectly
Victor Sinclair Vintage Doppel Gordo,5 out of 5,as i said excellant,excellent and the price is gight
Victor Sinclair Vintage Doppel Gordo,5 out of 5,Victor sinclair,Excellent smoke would definitely purchase again
Victor Sinclair Vintage Doppel Gordo,5 out of 5,Great,I would buy them again
Victor Sinclair Vintage Doppel Gordo,5 out of 5,Very Nice,Excellent Smoke I must say!
Victor Sinclair Vintage Doppel Gordo,4 out of 5,Decent Cigar,"Great taste on the Gordo, but the burn isn't consistent on any of them yet.
Not bad, but still have to keep lighting them to get them even for the burn."
Victor Sinclair Vintage Doppel Gordo,5 out of 5,"# 10 in my book, one awesome smoke.","these BIG guys are super in every way, My favorite ."
Victor Sinclair Vintage Doppel Gordo,5 out of 5,Big Box Pressed SUPER cigar!!!,"A true monster of a cigar and a delight to smoke. When lit properly and smoked at the correct speed, this beast is really just a big sweetheart with tons of extra loving. The draw is consistently smooth, without the usual canoes or burnouts you sometimes see in box pressed cigars. Flavor is rich and full but not overpowering, the smoke is thick and supple, almost like looking at creamer first poured into black coffee when you let it out gently. If pushed you can finish this cigar in as little as 30 minutes but it deserves to be taken slowly and enjoyed over the suggested 90 minutes or longer. Even towards the end, if smoked right, there is very little heat and it remains a rich, delicious cigar. Definitely worth the money and I will definitely purchase again"
Victor Sinclair Vintage Doppel Gordo,1 out of 5,Not good.,"I love Victor Sinclair Vintage cigars but these are bad. The taste is raunchier than the other size cigars and I'm not sure why. Perhaps you don't get as much air with the draw due to the ring gauge, but they are not good tasting. Also, while the construction seems fine at prelight, the burn is a wild mess! burns down one side and needs constant correction. I had a few so it is consistent. A pain."
Victor Sinclair Vintage Doppel Gordo,5 out of 5,Box Cigar Delight,The best box cigar I have smoked. Flavorful and well made. A new favorite.
Victor Sinclair Vintage Select,5 out of 5,Great cigar,Great cigar
Victor Sinclair Vintage Select,5 out of 5,Great smoke for the price!,Great smoke for the price!
Victor Sinclair Vintage Select,5 out of 5,Great stick for the price,"Talk about value! These guys have a clean, even burn all the way through with a taste of a stick 3 times that price. The flavor was full with a hint of sweet earthiness. I love a bold cigar, but this definitely a go-to stick for me now for a medium smoke. Used a punch cut on cigar and the end didn't hold up well. Used a guillotine cutter on the rest of the box and only one stick had an unraveling issue (which I believe was caused when I peeled the band off). My only issue was that the glue on the band didn't let go when the burn was close."
Victor Sinclair Vintage Select,5 out of 5,Victor Sinclair,Excellent cigar... smooth smoking...
Victor Sinclair Vintage Select,5 out of 5,It’s a decent cigar,It’s a decent cigar
Victor Sinclair Vintage Select,4 out of 5,good,good
Victor Sinclair Vintage Select,4 out of 5,Always enjoy a nice Box-Pressed,Always enjoy a nice Box-Pressed Victor Sinclair.
Victor Sinclair Vintage Select,5 out of 5,Good golf cigar,I like these for their mild smoke and reasonable price. On the course sometimes things happen to your cigar and you don’t feel quite as bad when you loss one before you have finished the whole cigar.
Victor Sinclair Vintage Select,5 out of 5,Great smokes,Love them!!!!!!
Victor Sinclair Vintage Select,4 out of 5,"cigar has a great draw,","cigar has a great draw, smooth and satisfying"
Victor Sinclair Vintage Select,5 out of 5,My new favorite,"I got to try these on a CI sampler. I usually smoke cigars when I play golf and I was amazed at how well these burned. Flavor is very pleasing, and about the middle of the road in strength. I like the square shape so they don't roll off the tee box marker. I bought a box after the sampler and now am in my second box. I like em!!!!!"
Victor Sinclair Vintage Select,5 out of 5,Victor Sinclair,Love the VS! Nice smoke at a great price.
Victor Sinclair Vintage Select,4 out of 5,Dependable.,Dependable.
Victor Sinclair Vintage Select,3 out of 5,Vintage box pressed,"The wrapper came with a crease on each cigar that made them look dried out. They looked rough. Left the cigars in the humidor for a couple of weeks to see if the crease would go away( did not). Not consistent on flavor throughout the smoke. Good flavor but not consistent. Some had a good draw, some had a hard draw. For the price, decent stick over all. Good for a economical cigar to burn one every day."
Victor Sinclair Vintage Select,5 out of 5,love them!!!,love them!!!
Victor Sinclair Vintage Select,5 out of 5,Very Smooth smoke,These cigars are great will order them again.
Victor Sinclair Vintage Select,4 out of 5,Victor Sinclair Toro,Good flavor. A little tough to keep lit.
Victor Sinclair Vintage Select,4 out of 5,VS,Good cigar good price
Victor Sinclair Vintage Select,5 out of 5,Great shape,Dynamite box press cigar
Victor Sinclair Vintage Select,4 out of 5,good smoke,"i like box press cigars, nice draws,even burn nice to the pallet. did not disappoint."
Victor Sinclair Vintage Select,4 out of 5,i just received a shipment,i just received a shipment of various cigars .but you forgot to include the 2 sucks as promissed
Victor Sinclair Vintage Select,5 out of 5,great smoke,very good i will buy more of these
Victor Sinclair Vintage Select,4 out of 5,Cigar,Pretty good cigar
Victor Sinclair Vintage Select,2 out of 5,Cigars not stored correctly,These cigars were dried out. They apparently were not stored in the humidor sufficiently. Because they were so dried out they were hard to draw. Very disappointing.
Victor Sinclair Vintage Select,4 out of 5,they were good,they were good
Victor Sinclair Vintage Select,4 out of 5,Good for the smokin',"Good smoke. Easy draw, has a tendency to go out, though."
Victor Sinclair Vintage Select,4 out of 5,Great Value,I enjoy these cigars. Solid construction with a good draw. Smooth and plenty of flavor. You can’t beat them for the price.
Victor Sinclair Vintage Select,3 out of 5,High hopes,This cigar was not a good drawing cigar. Burned fast though not all in the box. I would never rebuy this cigar.
Victor Sinclair Vintage Select,3 out of 5,Not terrible but not great,"Pretty strong, some are spongy and have to be relighted several times."
Victor Sinclair Vintage Select,5 out of 5,CHOCOLATE BAR,"NOTES OF CHOCOLATE, COFFEE AND SPICE. MET MY FLAVOR PROFILE. NEED TO WATCH THE BURN BECAUSE OF THE NARROW RING AND BOX PRESS."
Victor Sinclair Vintage Select,5 out of 5,Very nice smoke,"Nice burn, easy draw, good value."
Victor Sinclair Vintage Select,4 out of 5,Pretty good cigar,Decent smoke for the $
Victor Sinclair Vintage Select,4 out of 5,Very impressed with these,Very impressed with these
Victor Sinclair Vintage Select,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Victor Sinclair Vintage Select,5 out of 5,Excellent flavor and burn,I’ve always liked a larger ring gauge cigar and this one did not disappoint. Lots of value rolled into these smokes!
Victor Sinclair Vintage Select,5 out of 5,Great smoke!,"Love the box press, lots of flavor. Excellent draw and burn. Score!"
Victor Sinclair Vintage Select,5 out of 5,SOLD ON VS,VERY ENJOYABLE/GOOD SMOKE
Victor Sinclair Vintage Select,5 out of 5,great,great
Victor Sinclair Vintage Select,1 out of 5,Won't stay lit.,"I've smoked this cigar for several months (about 80 per month) and was generally very pleased. Had one or two a box that caused a problem, but at the price, accepted that. However, out of my last two boxes, more than half were not smokable. That simply would not stay lit. I would lite it, get about 2-3 puffs and had to relight it. Emptied an entire Bic lighter on one cigar. I will be forced to find something else."
Victor Sinclair Vintage Select,5 out of 5,Victor saintclair cigar,Good cigar for the price
Victor Sinclair Vintage Select,5 out of 5,good cigar,not too harsh burns beautifully
Victor Sinclair Vintage Select,5 out of 5,Good smoke.,I like the shape and size. I keep them on hand.
Victor Sinclair Vintage Select,5 out of 5,A very fine cigar,These cigars have a smooth taste and finish off nice as well
Victor Sinclair Vintage Select,3 out of 5,"I like the brand, but","I like the brand, but not these sticks."
Victor Sinclair Vintage Select,5 out of 5,It’s a great cigars it’s smooth,Love the cigar it’s gr and love the size as well
Victor Sinclair Vintage Select,2 out of 5,roughly made and too tight,roughly made and too tight on the draw. not nearly as good as the sinclair torpedoes I was ordering.
Victor Sinclair Vintage Select,5 out of 5,VS Gordo,"Nice cigar .... but not when you are driving with window open , wrapper tends to come off/shred when flipping ashes out the window"
Victor Sinclair Vintage Select,5 out of 5,👍,Good every day cigar!
Victor Sinclair Vintage Select,5 out of 5,Victor Sinclair Vintage Select Torpedo,"Has a very smooth and good taste, not harsh easy to draw. will order again"
Victor Sinclair Vintage Select,4 out of 5,"Good smoke, a little bit peaty but still good.","I really like box-pressed sticks when I go fishing or do yard work. I can clamp it in my teeth for hands-free smoking. These are good...not great but really good. One stick had a pretty flawed wrapper, which was hidden by the gold ribbon on the end, but the rest seem very well made. It’s a long-lasting smoke with a peaty, earthy cool smoke. Burn is a little irregular, but doesn’t tunnel; it’s just a bit wandering from side to side. They might be good luck, too - I caught a 2 lb 11 oz largemouth bass this morning while smoking one of these. Nice Libre is still my favorite, but I would buy these again if the price is right."
Villazon Maduro,5 out of 5,Hidden Treasure,Great smoke; Awesome value!
Villazon Maduro,5 out of 5,Very Good,Love them!
Villazon Maduro,5 out of 5,My go to cigar,"The Villazon Maduro series is the best bang for the buck out there and the Belicoso is my personal favorite. Packed full of flavor and they burn perfectly, the best everyday cigar!"
Villazon Maduro,5 out of 5,I like these because they,I like these because they have a mild but a little hint of strongness and flavorsome
Villazon Maduro,5 out of 5,Great at lunch in the afternoon so much kick 🦵,"Just like the milder ones but a more kick from the start, love them."
Villazon Maduro,5 out of 5,Very flavorful smoke. For the,Very flavorful smoke. For the money an outstanding value 👍
Villazon Maduro,4 out of 5,Enjoyable,Good tasting cigar but it was not very well (or should I say) consistently packed cigars. One would be bitable and the next would collapse in my teeth. The filler was not a quality roll in my opinion
Villazon Maduro,5 out of 5,For the price it's great.,For the price it's great. It comes from the same factory as Punch and Hoyo.
Villazon Maduro,5 out of 5,The best combination of flavor,The best combination of flavor & value in any cigar! I’m almost afraid to do a review cause I want to keep these gems to myself!
Villazon Maduro,4 out of 5,Pretty good cigar,Pretty good cigar
Villazon Maduro,5 out of 5,This is my cogar,Can’t afford most of the better cigars. But I can these and it helps that I like them. I slightly panicked when they were out of stock for awhile.
Villazon Maduro,5 out of 5,Very mild and nice flavor,Very mild and nice flavor
Villazon Maduro,5 out of 5,Great purchase,Excellent cigar for money reordered another 20 with free shipping . Got a great deal with CI cigar juice for humidor
Villazon Maduro,4 out of 5,So Tasty!,These are sooooooo good!
Villazon Maduro,4 out of 5,"Don't over think it, just buy it!","I received one of these cigars in a sample pack some time ago, i was impressed enough to buy a bundle of 20. Today i had my first stick out of my new bundle... very pleased with the flavor, burn, construction, and most of all the price. I strongly recommend for anyone on the fence about this cigar."
Villazon Maduro,5 out of 5,Outstanding Value!,Kind of crazy how inexpensive these are considering the quality.
Villazon Maduro,4 out of 5,pretty decent for the price,a good well build cigar with a good aroma and taste for the price
Villazon Maduro,4 out of 5,Not bad for the price,Not bad for the price
Villazon Maduro,5 out of 5,Great smoke,"Love this smoke. Great taste, burn and price. Only problem is CI can not keep them in stock. Get them in soon please!"
Villazon Maduro,5 out of 5,Buy Them!!,Great Cigar
Villazon Maduro,5 out of 5,Very good,Very good
Villazon Maduro,5 out of 5,Everyday man,Everyday man
Villazon Maduro,5 out of 5,So good...,"Sweet Baby Thor, these are delicious! Just received my order and had to light one up. Even better than the one I received in the introductory sampler <3 Mmmmm, goodness..."
Villazon Maduro,5 out of 5,Good stuff...,"Had received one along with the introductory sampler and it was my favorite out of all 8 received. So, I came back to order some. Great smoke and price."
Villazon Maduro,5 out of 5,Honduran Maduros,"Made by the same factory that makes Punch, Hoyo de Monterrey and El Rey del Mundo, and a similar taste. Well-contructed, well worth the price."
Villazon Maduro,4 out of 5,"Good Smoke, fair price",At this price point you can either enjoy them on the course or on the porch. Can't go wrong either way. Draws good and doesn't need touching up.
Villazon Maduro,5 out of 5,Add This to Your Top Ten!,"This is one of my top ten favorite cigars. Good and strong, very little spice...just right. Slight chocolate overtones...nice and creamy Maduro. Burned even and each cigar is very consistent."
Villazon Maduro,5 out of 5,great cigar for the price...could,great cigar for the price...could you just keep it in stock?
Villazon Maduro,5 out of 5,My go to cigar,This is the best cigar at the best price. Hope for a nice tax return and I will order advance bundles for the future. Excellent for everyday choice.
Villazon Maduro,3 out of 5,"Smooth, But Not Rich","This is a well-constructed cigar, but is very low in taste."
Villazon Maduro,5 out of 5,Outstanding smoke,Enjoyable cigar from start and all the way through.
Villazon Maduro,5 out of 5,Very nice,"Nice, tight cigar. Very comparable to the higher end cigars."
Villazon Maduro,5 out of 5,I really enjoy this cigar,I really enjoy this cigar and the price is right
Villazon Maduro,4 out of 5,This is my second time to buy these.,"I liked them, pretty good."
Villazon Maduro,4 out of 5,Good stick for the price,Good flavor draw was great on some not so great on others
Villazon Maduro,3 out of 5,Value cigar,Decent smoke for price.
Villazon Maduro,3 out of 5,Cigars,"They came dry as winter leaves, hard to tell if they are worth the money till they moisten up. They Look good."
Villazon Maduro,5 out of 5,cigar review,one of the best cigars i have smoked
Villazon Maduro,4 out of 5,Good everyday stick,"Good everyday stick. Firm, flavorful and enjoyable. Occasionally had burn issues, I will be buying these again"
Villazon Maduro,4 out of 5,Villa on maduro,"Nicely made,but a little harsh for me. I could only smoke about half of one before I'd put it aside. Went out often. Really more full bodied than I care for."
Villazon Maduro,4 out of 5,Great everyday cigar especially for,Great everyday cigar especially for the price
Villazon Maduro,4 out of 5,Great cigar for the price,Great cigar for the price
Villazon Maduro,4 out of 5,Villazon Torpedo Maduro,This is a really every day cigar that you will not go broke enjoying
Villazon Maduro,4 out of 5,good smoke,good smoke
Villazon Maduro,5 out of 5,Enjoying them !!!!!!!!!!!!,Enjoying them !!!!!!!!!!!!
Villazon Maduro,4 out of 5,Nice cigar,"Tough getting the band off without damaging the wrapper. Other than that, I'd but it again."
Villazon Maduro,5 out of 5,First time,"This is the 1st time i tried these cigars and i was pleasantly surprised, very smooth, great draw, and aroma, will buy more"
Villazon Maduro,5 out of 5,GreT flavor. Medium burn.,GreT flavor. Medium burn.
Villazon Maduro,5 out of 5,GREAT CIGAR FOR EVERY DAY.,GREAT EVERY DAY CIGAR FROM A GREAT MAKER.
Villazon Maduro,5 out of 5,Buy a BUNCH!,"One of my top 10 favorites Cigars. Not expensive, not too spicy, and very delicious! Cedar overtones and rich dark chocolate are the high notes...and it's pleasant all the way through. I'll definitely be buying these by the bunches from CI again soon!!!"
Villazon Natural,4 out of 5,Great cigar for great price,Great cigar for great price
Villazon Natural,3 out of 5,There ok but like the,There ok but like the Maduros better
Villazon Natural,4 out of 5,Good cigar for the price,Good cigar for the price
Villazon Natural,4 out of 5,Nice Cigar,"Mild to Mellow burn even, Great on Golf course or working in yard."
Villazon Natural,5 out of 5,Excellent,Excellent
Villazon Natural,5 out of 5,A,"Light and flavorful, always a great smoke during lunch time."
Villazon Natural,4 out of 5,Villazon bellicoso,"Good stick for the price, but flavor and construction were inconsistent. Some were very good."
Villazon Natural,3 out of 5,All around average. Good to give to buddies.,Got with a herf-a-for sampler. Ok and good burn for sure. Not very flavorful but ok as a hand-out or when you need a cheap smoke. More like I want to share at a best-ball golf outing vs keep for myself. Worst Drew is better than this.
Villazon Natural,5 out of 5,Very good for the price.Reminds,Very good for the price.Reminds me of Punch Rothchild.
Villazon Natural,5 out of 5,Best 2$ Cigar in the LAND!,Best $2 cigar in the land! Always great burn...long ashes! Great fit and finish. Never a bad one. Smooooth medium-mellow taste. Lasts a long time too. Won't disappoint.
Villazon Natural,5 out of 5,Villazon,Good cigar for the price. A sure bet
Villazon Natural,5 out of 5,Great smoke for the price,Great smoke for the price .
Villazon Natural,5 out of 5,Easy Smoke,Good mild draw
Villazon Natural,5 out of 5,Good cigar for the price,"Was amazed at the flavor and the construction, Being a sandwich cigar I expected a fast burn but was surprised, I ordered more to keep on hand, its a good inexpensive daily smoke."
Villazon Natural,5 out of 5,Smooth,"For the price, smooth and even draw. Very compact but burns nicely, good taste. Did not expect such quality in this product."
Villazon Natural,5 out of 5,Marvelous smoke at a very low price.,I think this is far away the best all around cigar for the price ! Good construction and burn.Tastes like a high priced premium.
Villazon Natural,4 out of 5,Villazon Natural Robusto.,Price point and great taste has made this my go too everyday smoke!
Villazon Natural,5 out of 5,villazon suprised,fine smoke for the money.was really suprised by the aroma and the taste.
Villazon Natural,4 out of 5,Very good for the price,Very good for the price
Villazon Natural,5 out of 5,Back ordered?????? whaaaat! lol,"I would like 2 bundles but is on Back order, wahhhh! lol
I love these babies, taste sooo good!"
Villazon Natural,5 out of 5,Delicious Cigars,"good quality, nice and delicious cigars. thanks."
Villazon Natural,5 out of 5,Delicious Cigars,"good quality, nice and delicious cigars. thanks."
Villazon Natural,4 out of 5,Very good smoke,Very good smoke.
Villazon Natural,4 out of 5,"Well-wrapped, consistent, smooth","This has a nice light taste that's pretty consistent throughout. I can smoke it down to a nub and find it quite enjoyable. I've yet to see one out of the two bundles I've purchased that is too tightly bound, restrictive of draw, or one that is poorly constructed. Fun, tasty, well-built."
Villazon Natural,4 out of 5,Great Value,"Great burning cigar. A solid value. A little milder than medium but not tasteless. A couple had some minor damage from shipping in a bundle but. all in all, I think this is a great deal."
Villazon Natural,4 out of 5,Nice sticks,Great for every day smokies. Will buy again.
Villazon Natural,5 out of 5,Outstanding in all categories !,Absolutely the finest cigar for the money ! I've been smoking cigars for 55 years and this is a winner. Thank you Villszon !
Villazon Natural,5 out of 5,Underrated,"I purchased these because it was a very good price point for possibly an everyday smoke. I read a bunch of the reviews and they all seemed really positive, and to my surprise they are very good and very smooth I think I just found another everyday smoke."
Villazon Natural,4 out of 5,Villa,"A great burning smoke for your money,keep the same price"
Villazon Natural,3 out of 5,Pleasant surprise,"A very pleasant surprise. I would call this mild, but with a good flavor and a good even burn. will worth the price."
Villazon Natural,5 out of 5,Glad I took a gamble on these...,"Bought a 20 pack via internet promo. Never had these before. Maker used premium tobacco to roll Punch, Hoyo de Monterrey before, so I figured I’d take a gamble. Glad I did. These burn slow with an easy draw. On my pallet I got hints of cedar, chocolate and coffee. Your pallets may be different. Highly recommend these sticks."
Villazon Natural,4 out of 5,would buy these again,Mellow and smooth. All cigars were well packed and burned evenly. Great quality for the price
Villazon Natural,5 out of 5,Great purchase,Great mild every day cigar. Even burn smooth taste worth every penny. Taste is a nutty mild flavor with no after taste.
Villazon Natural,4 out of 5,Best price point and value so far.,Bought batch of 20. Overall a good cigar. Sometimes there are wrapper issues and tunneling & canoeing but for the price still worth it.
Villazon Natural,5 out of 5,Villazon Natural Presidente,A great working in the shop or in the yard smoke. Very cost friendly. Love it.
Villazon Natural,5 out of 5,Great smoke value! Loved them!,Great smoke value! Loved them!
Villazon Natural,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Nice easy smoke
Villazon Natural,5 out of 5,Smooth draw.,Smooth draw.
Villazon Natural,4 out of 5,pieasant surprise !,Very good cigar -great price !
Villazon Natural,5 out of 5,pretty ok,"These are great cigars. I prefer Maduro , but naturals are a pretty good standin"
Villazon Natural,5 out of 5,Villazon toros,Very good flavor and craftsmanship. I bought 2 bundles and every stick was consistent.
Villazon Natural,4 out of 5,"Not bad, but","We're a bit dry, even after a few weeks in the humidor"
Villazon Natural,4 out of 5,Nice smoke!,"Can't beat the price. Good burn, nice draw, and good taste. My new favorite everyday smoke."
Villazon Natural,5 out of 5,Nice cigars,Excellent smoke! Reasonable price.
Villazon Natural,4 out of 5,Village,"Very good smoke. Tasty, easy draw, with a smooth finish. 45-1hr smoke."
Villazon Natural,5 out of 5,Villazon,top quality cigars .. on my favorites list..
Villazon Natural,4 out of 5,Very good smoke,"very enjoyable, would smoke these everyday!"
Villazon Natural,4 out of 5,She finished it,"It might have been the drama of Election Night results, but my daughter, in her late twenties and very seldom with cigar in hand, joined the rest of us enjoying the smooth taste and firm construction of a nicely valued cigar. Good flavorful half-hour cigar with no relights. No blue wave or blue faces that evening, and two missing Robusto's from the humidor."
Villazon Natural,4 out of 5,NEW CIGAR FROM A GOOD FACTORY,"TRIED THE MADURO. CONSTRUCTED VERY WELL ALMOST NEVER HAD TO RELIGHT, BUT NO DISTINCTIVE FLAVOR OR AROMA.
THE CIGAR IS VERY FIRM LIKE THAT OF YOUR MORE EXPENSIVE BRANDS. THE DRAW WAS ALRIGHT NO ISSUES WITH TUNNELING OR CANOEING & FOR THE MONEY I'D SAY YOU'RE GETTING SOME GOOD BANG FOR YOUR BUCK"
Villazon Natural,4 out of 5,Good cigar for reasonable price,Good cigar for reasonable price
Villiger 125th Habano,5 out of 5,GOOD SMOKE!!!,GOOD SMOKE!!!
Villiger 125th Habano,4 out of 5,Good SMOKE,"Even burning, easy draw and good flavor. What a deal, I'm surprised of the discount price!"
Villiger 125th Habano,4 out of 5,Good for the price!,Good for the price!
Villiger 125th Habano,3 out of 5,Villager,It’s an ok cigar for the price. Not great but with no shipping costs and no sales tax it’s an ok deal. Thanks
Villiger 125th Habano,5 out of 5,Roberto gusto,"Wow what a great smoke. Small enough for a quick burn and thru. Flavor is great, body very smooth, no bite or off taste. Will buy again."
Villiger 125th Habano,5 out of 5,smooth and Tasty,This cigar has always satisfied from beginning to end
Villiger 125th Habano,4 out of 5,Very good value,"""VHR"" was a very good medium body smoke with good even burn!"
Villiger 125th Habano,5 out of 5,A great stick!,"Hadn't smoked these in a few years, but I do recall that when I did, they were enjoyable, so I wanted to revisit them. They did not disappoint!"
Villiger 125th Habano,5 out of 5,Really good cigar,"Really good, well constructed cigar. A really good bargain."
Villiger 125th Habano,4 out of 5,Great buy,"Good flavor, burned uniformly and great price. Would buy again."
Villiger 125th Habano,5 out of 5,I found these cigars to,"I found these cigars to be very good tasting easy on the pallet very smooth not harsh at all a nice even burn and a nice draw, something I always look in a cigar.these are great for an everyday smoke and for $34.99 on sale they were worth every penny, but for regular price of $59.99 not so sure"
Villiger 125th Habano,5 out of 5,Good smoke,Good smoke
Villiger 125th Habano,4 out of 5,"great value, decent smoke","great value, decent smoke"
Villiger 125th Habano,3 out of 5,Mellow and Smooth,"This is a good smoke for any activity you might be in the midst of. They are perfect for grilling, yard work, painting, long drives, and the like. The nuances are subtle and not overly complex. The stick has great color and shine and has a nice aroma before lighting up. The smoke is light. Three puffs will gain you very nice clouds. The strength and flavors are light so I suggest lighting them with cedar to avoid adding any gas flavor. The burn is mostly uniform with a jagged edge every once in awhile. You will get a good hour out of the 6”x52 ring so they burn slowly, which I appreciate. Construction is good so you won’t have them unwrapping on you but do mind the ash because it will fall off before you reach an inch. Be careful what pants or jacket you wear because I have some new burn marks from this box. Anyhow, I would recommend trying them out at least once as they are affordable enough to provide a guilt free experience if you love them or they turn out to not be your thing. Just remember, emphasis on subtle nuances so maybe pair with food that won’t wipe out your senses or have one with your morning coffee or tea."
Villiger 125th Habano,5 out of 5,Cigars,"Very good, they burn smooth, great smoke. I would definitely buy again."
Villiger 125th Habano,4 out of 5,Not bad cigars,"These are a very good cigar, well balanced, easy draw and most i had burned somewhat evenly. They make for a good everyday smoke."
Villiger 125th Habano,4 out of 5,It is a smooth smoke,It is a smooth smoke
Villiger 125th Habano,4 out of 5,Didn’t like them to much,Didn’t like them to much
Villiger 125th Habano,4 out of 5,Hi,A good inexpensive cigar
Villiger 125th Habano,5 out of 5,Very smooth and GREAT Taste!!,Very smooth and GREAT Taste!!
Villiger 125th Habano,4 out of 5,Villager 125th Habano Robusto,Usually one of my favorite go to cigars when I can get them on sale. They smoke well start to finish and have lots of flavor. If you like Habanos this cigar is worth a try.
Villiger 125th Habano,4 out of 5,Hand in Hand,"Great price, great daily cigar. I would buy these again."
Villiger 125th Habano,5 out of 5,They are a great blend,They are a great blend of robust and smooth simultaneously. I got a great price for this cigar.
Villiger 125th Habano,5 out of 5,Good cigars,Good cigars
Villiger 125th Habano,4 out of 5,A good cigar,Well constructed easy draw price is right.
Villiger 125th Habano,3 out of 5,Daily smoker,Decent enough.
Villiger 125th Habano,3 out of 5,"Easy draw, but difficult to","Easy draw, but difficult to keep lit."
Villiger 125th Habano,4 out of 5,Good Smoke,"At first did not like taste, but from second smoke on it was better. The draw was good & the short size provided a good option when overall time was an issue. Would try again."
Villiger 125th Habano,4 out of 5,Good smoke for the price,Started off a little bland ...but got better as it burned. I'm Habano biased but had a good flavor and burn for a golf course stogie.
Villiger 125th Habano,5 out of 5,Great for the price!,Medium body great full flavor
Villiger 125th Habano,5 out of 5,Great stick,"Villiger 125 it's great stick to taste , great flavor, even burn to do it daily ,you will really enjoy it."
Villiger 125th Habano,4 out of 5,Very good mild to medium,Very good mild to medium smoke and well made considering the cost. I will definitely order the bundle again. GW
Villiger 125th Habano,5 out of 5,125th,a medium body cigar with an even burn and a good draw
Villiger 125th Habano,4 out of 5,good for every day,"good for your go to daily smoke for a reasonable price, mid mild with decent draw"
Villiger 125th Habano,4 out of 5,Every day good,"Not a bad smoke, burns even, taste good. Nice for a first of day smoke."
Villiger 125th Habano,4 out of 5,These were nice right from,"These were nice right from C.I.but after being in my new seasoned Yukon humidor for a couple weeks, they were extra nice!"
Villiger 125th Habano,5 out of 5,Smooth!,"Great Cigar For The Price,,,Slow Enjoyable Burn!"
Villiger 125th Habano,4 out of 5,Nice medium smoke and burns,Nice medium smoke and burns even.
Villiger 125th Habano,4 out of 5,Buy again!,"Very nice smooth cigar, good taste with a good burn. I'll buy them again."
Villiger 125th Habano,4 out of 5,Excellent value,Good every day cigar
Villiger 125th Habano,3 out of 5,An everyday smoke well worth the money,I was pleasantly surprised by this little gem. Great taste at a great price.
Villiger 125th Habano,4 out of 5,Burn good Good cigar for,"Burn good
Good cigar for the Hugh savings
Plus free shipping"
Villiger 125th Habano,5 out of 5,Villager 125th habano robusto,"Cigars lit well, draw was smooth and easy, delivering rich creamy smoke. Detected mild sweet notes of nuts and raisins. Thoroughly enjoyable, great value for the price. only negative was most cigars experienced slight canoeing during burn. Would definitely purchase again!"
Villiger 125th Habano,5 out of 5,The only problem I have,The only problem I have with this cigar is that I smoke too much of them because I love the flavor. They burn great.they have an excellent flavor. I just ordered another bundle today.
Villiger 125th Habano,4 out of 5,Tasty Little Surprise,"These cigars are a nice short smoke for when a full-size stogie is not desirable. One will tunnel every now and then, but overall a good tasting smoke that won't break the bank."
Villiger 125th Habano,4 out of 5,Villager 125 robusto,A good straight forward smoke. Very few problems mostly burned even with an easy draw.
Villiger 125th Habano,5 out of 5,For the cost of this,For the cost of this smoke it was much more than I expected. You can't find a better cigar for this price. Glad I tried it.
Villiger 125th Habano,3 out of 5,good smoke,these are a good every day smoke.
Villiger 125th Habano,3 out of 5,Very good cigar for the,Very good cigar for the price
Villiger 125th Habano,5 out of 5,Surprisingly awesome,Never had them before and were on sale. Excellent cigar. Just wish they lasted longer.
Villiger Braniff,5 out of 5,Love them!,Mild and no need for a humidifier or a long time to smoke!
Villiger Braniff,5 out of 5,Good Review,Very mild nd convenient!
Villiger Braniff,4 out of 5,A quick smoke,"These are tasty, quick everyday smokes."
Villiger Braniff,4 out of 5,Nice,Nice smoke.
Villiger Braniff,5 out of 5,Leaf Wrapping,The leaf wrapping the cigars in the 10 pack unpeels while the wrapping of the cigars in the 50 count Braniff box stays in tact.
Villiger Braniff,5 out of 5,Perfecto!,Perfecto!
Villiger Braniff,5 out of 5,"As usual, quickly delivered and","As usual, quickly delivered and in good order!!"
Villiger Braniff,5 out of 5,Excellent smoke for the price,These little cigars are extremely smooth. Great value and a very good smoke
Villiger Braniff,5 out of 5,braniff #2,I love this little cigar. been smoking them for around 40 years
Villiger Braniff,5 out of 5,excellent mild cigar,"A wonderful, mild flavor and light aroma."
Villiger Braniff,4 out of 5,Quick smoke,Decent tasting quick cigar.
Villiger Braniff,2 out of 5,Terrible taste,Starts out fine but halfway it changes the taste I like to bring back
Villiger Braniff,5 out of 5,Nice little smoke. Mild easy,Nice little smoke. Mild easy draw.
Villiger Braniff,5 out of 5,Braniff Cigars,Very mild. Many delivery problems via USPS.
Villiger Braniff,5 out of 5,Thank You!,Thank You!
Villiger Braniff,5 out of 5,Braniff #2 cigars,"An excellent mild, flavorful cigar."
Villiger Braniff,4 out of 5,50 cent 15 minute smoke.,I'm addicted.👍
Villiger Braniff,5 out of 5,Great Price,Really a great value! Fast shipping!
Villiger Braniff,2 out of 5,Villager Braniff No. 3 Maduro,Typical Maduro flavor which was fine. Cigars are to small and expensive. Not for me
Villiger Culebras,4 out of 5,First impression,The first thing you think is how do I smoke this? After you work that out (remove the bands and smoked individually or go for all 3 at once). Once lit the draw was smooth but didn't produce a lot of smoke. The felt like velvet to me and not toothy at all. The flavor seemed to me more of a mild-medium level. Nothing jumped right out at me either good or bad. A white flaky retentive ash on a smoke that lasted about 20-30ish minutes. Looking forward to trying another.
Villiger Culebras,3 out of 5,O.K.,O.K.
Villiger Culebras,3 out of 5,Meh,"First time trying a Villiger product and wasn't blown away nor disappointed. Construction was good, flavor was light and okay, price was good. So I'd guess I'd have to say meh."
Villiger Culebras,3 out of 5,Villeger,Interesting
Villiger Culebras,4 out of 5,Villiger Culebras - No Tip,I usually do not buy little cigars. These were a freebie with an order of big ones. Not bad for a little one.
Villiger Culebras,3 out of 5,It's ok but it's not what you think.,"Gimmicky at best. Weak draw, novelty cigar. It looks cool, but you still have to smoke it one at a time by unraveling it. If you don't smoke one at a time, it's really hard to draw, hard to control and keeps wanting to fall apart. Smoking it one at a time would be nice but the bends create a really tight draw. Best to straighten it out. Smoke was OK but construction is bad. Even worse you only get 6 cigars for the price."
Villiger Export,4 out of 5,Small cigar,Really good quick small cigar when you don't have a lot of time.
Villiger Export,5 out of 5,It my go to,It my go to
Villiger Export,5 out of 5,Better choice,Prfer this over the Export Maduro
Villiger Export,4 out of 5,Selection,Prefer the Export Natural
Villiger Export,4 out of 5,villager cigars,"These are really good cigars. They draw well. my favotite of them all are the RyJ 1875s but you lose on average 1 out of 5 because they want draw, which makes them 20% waste"
Villiger Export,5 out of 5,5 stars but in the eco stick world only...,"One of the first cigars I’ve ever smoked. Machines rolled with tobacco paper wrapper. For the price, great value but cannot be compared to premium cigars. Fishing, work break, travel!!"
Villiger Export,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Villiger Export,4 out of 5,I’ll be ordering again,"Very nice little smoke, smooth and good flavor in a compact ring. Even burn, lots of smoke great for a quickie with coffee or a few fingers of bourbon."
Villiger Export,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,These cigars have always been a favorite of mine. Great quick motorcycling cigar. Very well made
Villiger Export,5 out of 5,great,great
Villiger Export,5 out of 5,Good cigar,I like it because of the size it is a good quick smoke
Villiger Export,5 out of 5,Villiger Export,I have been smoking the Villiger Export cigars for 40 years. Enjoy every one of them.
Villiger Export,5 out of 5,Great little taste,"Burns well, taste is exceptional, perfect for a short taste, super little cigar"
Villiger Export,5 out of 5,A great quick smoke.,A great quick smoke.
Villiger Export,5 out of 5,Nice quick smoke,These are great European style cigars that have great flavor with lots of smoke.
Villiger Export,5 out of 5,top pick,excellent smooth nice burning cigar
Villiger Export,5 out of 5,Great,Great
Villiger Export,4 out of 5,Villager Export Natural,Good little cigars for when you don’t have the time or desire to smoke a handmade. I’d recommend them.
Villiger Export,5 out of 5,Great short smoke,"Easy pull, good flavor!"
Villiger Export,5 out of 5,Super,Nice for short smoke break. Good flavor.
Villiger Export,5 out of 5,Great little smoke.,"Great for the money. Burns straight, tasty."
Villiger Export,5 out of 5,Good cigars.,Good cigars.
Villiger Export,5 out of 5,Good stick!,"Great cigars, nice graphics, beautiful box press, amazing price."
Villiger Export,3 out of 5,Ok. Good for what it,Ok. Good for what it is.
Villiger Export,5 out of 5,Villiger Export Maduro,Superb Smoke! Great flavor & aroma!
Villiger Export,5 out of 5,Kudos,I like a small cigar and these are perfect.
Villiger Export,4 out of 5,Villiger Maduro,"Because it was my initial order it was a bit delayed by procedure, but once that was sorted I received my order on time. Great little quick cheap smoke."
Villiger Export,5 out of 5,The Swiss did this right,"Excellent small, but not cigarilos size cigar. These will give you about half an hour of smoking if not hot boxed. They pack a lot of flavor and do not need a humidor. I see these as the king of dry cured cigars!!!"
Villiger Export,5 out of 5,Villiger Export,Superb smoke! Excellent flavor throughout!
Villiger Export,5 out of 5,The Best,"Been smoking Villigers for years and love them, great for a quick smoke."
Villiger Export,5 out of 5,Really good smoke! Good quality.,Really good smoke! Good quality.
Villiger Export,5 out of 5,Nice smoke,Nice smoke
Villiger Export,5 out of 5,Short Smoke,"I've smoked these little babies for years. Box pressed, mild, and even burning.
They are a great alternative if you get weary of a heavy smoke."
Villiger Export,5 out of 5,The best cigar that is,"The best cigar that is out their. Perfect taste, value, and smoke time. 5 out of 5 for sure."
Villiger Export,5 out of 5,Great little stick,Smooth and a perfect 15 minute commitment
Villiger Export,5 out of 5,Great smoke,Great and cheap little cigar
Villiger Export,5 out of 5,Great short smoke,"very consistent, very good, going back for more..."
Villiger Export,5 out of 5,I Like Em,"Great, just great"
Villiger Export,5 out of 5,They have a great flavor,They have a great flavor an burn slow
Villiger Export,4 out of 5,A very pleasant surprise...,A very pleasant surprise...
Villiger Export,5 out of 5,Great Quick Smoke,"Go to for a quick, mild smoke."
Villiger Export,4 out of 5,"Cheap, in a good way","It's definitely not something to chain smoke, or even possibly as an everyday cigar, but if you need something for a break at work these little babies will do ya! The taste is... Spicy. Sumatra wrapper, Brazilian tobacco, and dry cured, all these things I've individually known of to make for a ""spicy"" cigar are rolled into one somewhat harsh smoke. The taste is vaguely similar to some premiums but it's all one note, no excitement. First puff is the same as the last. It burns well, doesn't smell terrible, and it's one taste isn't awful. I thought it was alright, my brother liked it, and my friend who's new to cigars liked it. Plus, if you're ever worried about the environment around you-- don't! Dry curing means they don't need any fancy humidification! Personally I still keep them cool, but don't worry about putting them in the humidor."
Villiger Export,5 out of 5,Best ever for the money,best small ciger ever for th money. unbelivable when fresh with precision in simplicity of design for comfortable draw .
Villiger Export,4 out of 5,Good cigar,Enjoy this cigar
Villiger Export,5 out of 5,Excellent Quick Smoke,"These are my go to quick smokes, and a keep a supply of them on hand. Draw, burn, and taste are all very good for a machine rolled small cigar. I prefer the marduro, but the others are pretty good too."
Villiger Export,5 out of 5,My Favorites,"These are nice sized, easy ordering and they arrive quickly"
Villiger Export,4 out of 5,Great smokes for the money,Typically Swiss packaging-perfect in every way. Smokes are good and rich and quick (under 30 mins-depending). I'm very please with the purchase.
Villiger Export,5 out of 5,Better than expected,"I have been looking for a replacement small cigar since macanudo’s prices went up and quality down.
These are great. Firm. Solid draw. No stems. Taste great."
Villiger Export,5 out of 5,Villiger Export Export Brasil,"Like all the Villiger products that I have tried, the Villiger Export Export Brasil are excellent. Always fresh and with a lot of aroma and flavor."
Villiger Export,5 out of 5,excellant cigar smooth on the,excellant cigar smooth on the pallet great draw.
Villiger La Flor de Ynclan,4 out of 5,"Yes, try it","This is a solid offering from Villiger. Sweet cedar, light pepper and a smooth, creamy smoke. Excellent construction, with a sloooow burn. Grabbed a box on a great deal from CI, but worth asking price, IMO. Highly recommend. Paired it with Zafra 21 year aged Panamanian rum, as suggested. Awesome experience!"
Villiger Premium,5 out of 5,Very nice small cigar a,Very nice small cigar a little too pricey
Villiger Premium,5 out of 5,Villiger never has disappointed me.,"Amazing little cigar. Very tasty and you can smell the aroma of cuban tobacco. Very good quality and for the price, you cant go wrong."
Villiger Premium,2 out of 5,MJ,"While I very much enjoy Villiger's products, these were the exception. They are strange and unsatisfying. They were short, narrow, and burned like cigarettes. The plastic tip and filter can even melt and burn, creating a weird acetone, alcohol scent right before you should stop smoking. If left alone, they will burn themselves down to the filter like cheap cigarettes.
As far as taste, there really isn't much there of the honey. Something vaguely floral, but not much sweetness. It was not harsh or unpleasant, but I would rate these better than gas station cigarillos, but not by much. 2/5."
Villiger San'Doro Colorado,5 out of 5,Villager Colorado,Fantastic cigar-great deal from CI. Will buy more in the future
Villiger San'Doro Colorado,4 out of 5,Quality cigar,"Good smoke: good draw, medium bodied cigar at a fair price"
Villiger San'Doro Colorado,5 out of 5,Good product,Good product
Villiger Selecto Connecticut,4 out of 5,Villiger Selecto.,"It’s just a good smoke. Easy draw, lots of smoke, and it doesn’t get too peppery at the end."
Villiger Selecto Connecticut,4 out of 5,Fair One yo keep as,"Fair One yo keep as a backup, If dont want to burn good one"
Villiger Selecto Connecticut,5 out of 5,Morning cigar with coffee,Quick smoke with excellent construction; not a tight pack so go slow or it can get hot. Lots of delicious flavor and Connecticut top notes good with coffee.
Villiger Selecto Connecticut,5 out of 5,Villager Selecto,"Taste great, mild and cheap! All my favorites. 😁"
Villiger Selecto Connecticut,5 out of 5,Nice Cigar,"Smooth smoking, good draw"
Villiger Selecto Connecticut,3 out of 5,Ok,I have ordered villager Connecticut cigars before and this time I received a different cigar. They are a little dry and a tougher smoke
Villiger Selecto Connecticut,5 out of 5,A nice mellow smoke to,"A nice mellow smoke to just kick back with, not to light and the price doesnt hurt eighter"
Villiger Selecto Connecticut,5 out of 5,You have to taste it .,"I was nice while smoking this villiger. I think it could be one of the best in Connecticut wrapped with a nice aroma, burned well, creamy taste, and left a nice aftertaste. It's a stick that you need to always have."
Villiger Selecto Connecticut,5 out of 5,"Mild,and mellow","Mild,and mellow"
Villiger Selecto Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good value cigar! Burns evenly,Good value cigar! Burns evenly and the draw is consistent. This is a mild to medium cigar.
Villiger Selecto Connecticut,5 out of 5,Premium smokes,Great quality cigars. Very smooth. Mild to medium bodied. Well rolled. Quality aged tobacco. Thumbs up to Villiger! Will be ordering more
Villiger Selecto Connecticut,5 out of 5,Mild and smooth,"A very nice smoke for early in the day. I had never tried these until there was a special on them, so I bought a bundle. I was pleasantly surprised at how enjoyable a smoke it is given that is very mild. I would buy these again."
Villiger Selecto Connecticut,5 out of 5,Nicely Made....,"These are a mild smoke and nicely constructed. Burns evenly and easy draw. Flavor is nice, a bit mild for me, but not bad at all."
Villiger Selecto Connecticut,4 out of 5,Jesellsr,Nice smoke
Villiger Selecto Connecticut,5 out of 5,5 ☆ cigars,"Cigars are very smooth, burn well and perfectly rolled. Highly recommended"
Villiger Selecto Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great Bargain!,I bought these for a friend who is new to the cigar community and kept a couple for myself. I was pleasantly surprised at how good they are! They’re an easy smoke with good flavor. The price was great too. I would definitely buy them again. It’s a great cigar to have in the humidor.
Villiger Selecto Connecticut,4 out of 5,Good,"Good smoke, smooth and good burn"
Villiger Selecto Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great flavors,"I was surprised by the flavor, was expecting a cheap taste but was completely surprised."
Villiger Selecto Connecticut,5 out of 5,Great !!,"Shipping & handling was great...
The cigars are fantastic.... Very smooth !"
Villiger Selecto Connecticut,4 out of 5,Villiger Robusto,"Well made, burns nicely, smooth and mild. Very nice cigar."
Villiger Selecto Connecticut,5 out of 5,Top Dog,"Dam good cigars, I smoked all 20 and had no problem wit them. Good draw good burn. Smooth . Will make personal stash."
Villiger Selecto Connecticut,5 out of 5,FANTASTIC DEAL!!!,ANOTHER WONDERFUL CIGAR!!! ANOTHER WONDERFUL DEAL!!!
Villiger Selecto Connecticut,5 out of 5,Villager Select o Connecticut robusto,Smooth cigar and burns evenly
Villiger Selecto Connecticut,4 out of 5,Cheap and cheerful,Great every day smoke
Villiger Selecto Connecticut,4 out of 5,Very good cigar for the,Very good cigar for the price
Warped Corto,5 out of 5,What a great smoke!,"While the strength is rated ""full"" there is not a lot of pepper and comes through very smooth. I like the size, which gives me an excellent smoke for a relatively short amount of time. I'm a BIG fan of Warped cigars."
Warped Corto,5 out of 5,Pleasant surprise,These little boys are fire! Well worth the price.
Warped Corto,5 out of 5,Warped Corto,"My new favorite short cigar. Excellent flavor, smooth draw with an even burn."
Warped Corto,5 out of 5,Tiny cigar that packs a Ton of flavors,"Such a good stick,
Definition of a flavor bomb!
Don’t be fooled by its little size this stick packs a punch from start to finish. Probably smoked a few dozen and they have all been excellent from start to finish. Only downside is that they are so small it only last around an hour or so."
Warped El Oso,5 out of 5,Another Home Run from Warped!,"The only thing I agree with from a previous poster is the Mama is the best out of this cigar blend.
El Oso or the Bear for us ‘Mericans is a delicious chocolate shake that has been bathed in cow manure and volcanic soil... in a good way. This cigar is very nuanced and I expect the other reviewer who rated it lowly has a very inexperienced palate and just could pick up what the stick was putting down.
As every warped cigar I’ve ever had the construction and burn was flawless and flavors were on par for what you would expect from a Mexican San Andres or Oscuro Wrapper. A few flavor shifts throughout the smoke are a welcomed transition and keep it interesting.
The only thing I would complain about is the price but my local brick and mortar always gives me 20% off since I buy so many cigars all the time.
There is a reason these are sold out. As with everything made by Warped and the Man Kyle Gellis it’s a great cigar and good quality.
If you like a rich dessert like cigar and are an experienced smoker than I would highly recommend it. For a novice the bitter flavor may be more in line to a semi sweet bakers chocolate. But that isn’t the only flavor in this cigar which had, earthy tones, chocolate malt, a sprinkle of white pepper and many more scattered throughout.
Very enjoyable I will purchase so more again.
Also the smoke coming from the foot has a very pleasant aroma.
Cheers"
Warped Futuro,5 out of 5,Nice purchase,This is a smooth medium to full body cigar. It has pleasant hints of spice and has kind of a leathery aroma.
Warped Futuro,5 out of 5,"Smooth, full bodied smoke","I am enjoying one of these as I write this. I don't always find the same flavors that reviewers find in cigars, but I must say that this has been a very enjoyable smoke. I started it yesterday and have lit it off and on since then. It tastes just as good now as when I first lit up."
Warped La Hacienda,5 out of 5,"Incredible, a must...","Incredible... Very complex and simple at the same time.
For the price, you can't beat this stick. You're in for a treat with this spicy, earthy, nutty, leathery treasure. Short of going the Havana, this gem is one of the best I've smoked. Bravo!"
Warped Maestro del Tiempo,5 out of 5,"Excellent cigar, always my favorite","Excellent cigar, always my favorite"
White Heather by JC Newman,5 out of 5,Love 'Em,Great everyday cigar. Especially nice on the golf course or in the fishing boat. Smooth draw
White Heather by JC Newman,5 out of 5,consistant,"Always consistent, good value"
White Heather by JC Newman,5 out of 5,Mild smoke,Good cigar that is mild and smooth and an enjoyable smoke.
White Heather by JC Newman,5 out of 5,White Heather by JC torpedo,Smooth and silky sweet and all natural
White Heather by JC Newman,5 out of 5,Nice Daily Smoke,Very smooth. Nice burning. I reordered another box.
White Heather by JC Newman,4 out of 5,Mild stick from J C Newman,This mild offering from JCN is made in Nicaragua. It isn't widely advertised and I only learned of it recently. It''s mild but my taste buds let me know its from Nicaragua and not the DR.
White Heather by JC Newman,5 out of 5,great price nice long smooth,great price nice long smooth smoke i would recomend them to anyone likes a good mellow cigar
White Heather by JC Newman,5 out of 5,mild good cigar,mild good cigar
White Heather by JC Newman,5 out of 5,White Heather,These are my favorite cigars. I smoke cigars every day and I love these cigars.
White Heather by JC Newman,5 out of 5,Totally love them!,"These are my favorite ""every day"" cigars!"
White Heather by JC Newman,5 out of 5,very good value,good mild cigar for everyday
White Heather by JC Newman,4 out of 5,Great for the price,Great for the price
White Heather by JC Newman,5 out of 5,Awesome taste,I love these cigars. My wife buys them for me and they r my favorite. I’ve tried others but nothing compares I always return to Churchill
White Heather by JC Newman,5 out of 5,Smooth and tasty,Nice cigar great flavor
White Heather by JC Newman,4 out of 5,White Heather,Great everyday smoke especially for the price. Will be ordering a box soon.
White Heather by JC Newman,5 out of 5,really enjoy the cigar.will be,really enjoy the cigar.will be ordering more in the future..
White Heather by JC Newman,4 out of 5,Good daily,Good inexpensive daily stuck
White Heather by JC Newman,4 out of 5,Repeat buyer,"Tried them last year and I am back for more.
Great cigar"
White Heather by JC Newman,5 out of 5,White Heather,"Love White Heather cigars, I smoke cigars every day."
White Heather by JC Newman,5 out of 5,the best everyday cigar,"never had one ""bad one"" yet and just love the way they draw and the flavor
waiting to get more once in stock"
White Heather by JC Newman,4 out of 5,Good Mild Cigar,Good Mild Cigar
White Heather by JC Newman,4 out of 5,Great value! well was,"Bought box to try and really liked them-tried one right out of the box and it was great-let the rest sit in humidor for 30 days and just finished another great one! Good value (well was) good flavor, burn and smoke. Went to reorder and the price has jumped by $20.per box--I will not reorder
Rj in Portland"
White Heather by JC Newman,5 out of 5,Not Happy,"Been buying these cigars for months, just went to re-order...went up $20 in one month...40% increase!!!!!, will be looking for another source."
White Heather by JC Newman,5 out of 5,Great cigar,They burn even and are mild.
White Heather by JC Newman,4 out of 5,White Heather,"Had to try since my brand is on back order.
This is a nice, smooth smoke that goes good with morning coffee."
White Heather by JC Newman,5 out of 5,Enjoyed !,Enjoyed !
White Heather by JC Newman,5 out of 5,Great Everyday Cigar,White Heather is my everyday cigar. Grabbed a box a couple months back. Love them. Next to 5 Vegas Gold - these are my favorites
White Heather by JC Newman,5 out of 5,White Heather,"Love these cigars,smoke them every day."
White Heather by JC Newman,3 out of 5,Just OK,A run of the mill cigar. OK as a afternoon lazy day smoke.
White Heather by JC Newman,4 out of 5,White Feathers While Wearing Leathers,"This is a great smoke for a mild cigar. Burns nicely and unlike the usual cheap cigar that burns like a prairie, this will stay lit and smoke smooth."
White Heather by JC Newman,3 out of 5,White Heather,"White Heather is my everyday cigar. J C Newman Cigars are number one cigars. I Smoke Cuesta Rey, LaUnica."
White Heather by JC Newman,5 out of 5,White Heather by JC Newman,"Nice mild smoke, effortless draw. I smoke em first thing in the morning. Great value too."
White Heather by JC Newman,5 out of 5,White Heather by JC Newman,"Nice mild smoke, effortless draw. I smoke em first thing in the morning. Great value too."
White Heather by JC Newman,4 out of 5,Good buy,Nice smoke
White Heather by JC Newman,3 out of 5,Mellow Smoke on the Cheap,"The White Heather cigar is mellow and burns well, but is loose filled and easily breaks or falls apart. Listen, for less than a couple of bucks for a nice stogie it is well worth it."
White Heather by JC Newman,4 out of 5,Good Cigar,This is a good cigar. It burns evenly and has a light taste. It's a really good option to mix in with some heavier cigars.
White Heather by JC Newman,4 out of 5,Nice mellow,Great price burned nice
White Heather by JC Newman,4 out of 5,White Heather by JC Newman,Very good cigar for the price
White Heather by JC Newman,3 out of 5,Very mild But,Pleasant smoke but not the best roll. Hard keeping lit
White Heather by JC Newman,5 out of 5,good smoke,I enjoy white heather Churchill cigars burns fine well packed .good value for the money.
White Heather by JC Newman,5 out of 5,White Heather,Great smoke if you don't have a lot of time to smoke
White Heather by JC Newman,4 out of 5,Nice cigar for great price,Good cigar while doing yard work
White Heather by JC Newman,5 out of 5,Great cigar's. Stay lit & consistently draw well.,Don't run out any more....
White Heather by JC Newman,5 out of 5,white heather find,I have been trying many 2-4 dollar cigars this one is a beauty! nice flavor smooth draw and taste. check them out ! Jimmy B.
White Heather by JC Newman,3 out of 5,Daily Smoke,This is a great tasting cigar for all day smoking.
White Heather by JC Newman,4 out of 5,Consistency is the issue,Consistency is the issue... they are great overall.. but sometimes they are better than other times... Also some come with the ring and sometimes it does not... somehow I tend to believe the ones without the ring are better... maybe is just mind playing tricks..
White Heather by JC Newman,5 out of 5,"Good cigar, consistent draw and","Good cigar, consistent draw and burn, good cigar for the money."
White Heather by JC Newman,5 out of 5,Good cigars.,"A hard to beat cigar for the money. Consistent, well made, good flavor and draw."
White Heather by JC Newman,5 out of 5,Great Mistake!!,JC Newman's packaging mistake is my gain! Great Cigars while on the links
White Heather by JC Newman,4 out of 5,WHITE HEATHER CHURCHILL,Good smoke. Consistent burn. Wish you could get some more in stock.
White Owl Cigars,4 out of 5,A classic for good reason,"Been trying these New Yorkers for the first time and I gotta say I'm really impressed. For such a so called ""budget cigar"" they burn really good and even, lots of smoke, and good taste. I clip the tips of them rather than use the little pre-made pin hole but other than that I love them! And the foil has a pull tab that makes them easy to open."
White Owl Cigars,5 out of 5,Great cigars and great price.,Great cigars and great price.
White Owl Cigars,5 out of 5,White Owl Ranger Packs,Very good cigar which I chew but do not smoke! Have been chewing these cigars for years! so I do not need anything better than Ranger packs.
White Owl Cigars,4 out of 5,White Owl New Yorkers,A very mild quick cigar. Getting the foil wrapper off is a problem.
White Owl Cigars,5 out of 5,Cigar international retail sales,"Efficient retail operation, I’ve traded with C.I. For years."
White Owl Cigars,5 out of 5,Confirmation of order,Received as ordered very quickly.
White Owl Cigars,4 out of 5,Good value.,"They need a bigger draw hole so as to be easier. Otherwise, great!"
White Owl Cigars,3 out of 5,Get what you pay for,Not bad but not great either...nice taste and aroma but most of them were plugged near tip had to use toothpick to unplugged them
White Owl Cigars,5 out of 5,White owl rangers,"Have been smoking them for 20 years.
To me the best machine made everyday cigars on the market"
White Owl Cigars,1 out of 5,Very bad draw,I usually smoke the New Yorker White Owl. Perfect draw and nice smoke. I bought and tried the White Owl rangers and I'm very desappointed. After trying 5 cigars no one works. I'm going to them away
White Owl Cigars,3 out of 5,Quality of cigars,Cigars seem to be old tobacco doesn't seem to be fresh
White Owl Cigars,5 out of 5,White owl ranger,I personally enjoy smoking this mild cigar. Not over powering without an after taste. Flavor: Good.
White Owl Cigars,5 out of 5,White Owl Rangers Are Fine By Me,"this inexpensive, machine-made, panatela cigar is mild & smooth - like others, I clip the end for a better draw - I've been enjoying one of these in the evenings with a glass of dark lager or cup of rooibos tea - match made in my imagined heaven - gives me around 30 minutes or so of smoking pleasure - give 'em a boo and see what you think"
White Owl Cigars,2 out of 5,Not What I Remember,"I smoked these when I was in my 20's about 50 years ago. I wanted to try them again to see what they were like but couldn't find them anywhere that I could get only one pack, so had to buy a box (10 packs). They're about the size of a pencil. I remember them being a larger ring size and coming in 5 packs instead of 6 packs, in about the same size box. After smoking 50 ring size handrolled for a couple of years now, these seem like a child's toy. Wish I knew what to do with the other nine packs. I tried to find out if they changed the size of the Rangers over the years but couldn't find out anything."
White Owl Cigars,4 out of 5,need more deals for common man !,great cigar for the money
Wilde Cigars,5 out of 5,Goodbye good smoke,These little cigars were great so of course they discontinue them.Nothing good ever lasts!!
Wilde Cigars,4 out of 5,WILDE CIGAR PANTELA,Great value...not a bad little cigar
Wilde Cigars,5 out of 5,Wilde Panatela,"Great buy! Easy draw, smooth flavor."
Wilde Cigars,5 out of 5,Wilde,"Reviewed these before but felt the need to do it again. Fantastic little smoke when you don't have a lot of time. Just ordered 3 more boxes(not for me) to give some friends, they love them too, too nice of a guy."
Wilde Cigars,5 out of 5,Widle Infusion,"Hey guys, I am taking these bad boys to infuse. After talking with several people I chose to use Cognac. I am using an old humidor. these Wilde taste so good and are surprisingly smooth. They have been through the 1st week and you can smell the essence already taking effect. I would have bought a barrel, but to infuse my other Churchill would have taken using a 5-liter barrel. I will update each week. I used my bead jar to hold the Courvoisier V.S. Cognac. Wish me luck!"
Wilde Cigars,5 out of 5,Great cigarillos,Great cigarillos
Wilde Cigars,4 out of 5,Enjoyable,Fun for a cheap cigar at this size. Pretty basic but enough quality to enjoy.
Wilde Cigars,4 out of 5,Wilde Cigars Panatela,These have a good taste but are very brittle and several can unwrapped will smoking. Not sure if I would order them again. I'm about 1/2 through the box will see what the rest smokes like.
Wilde Cigars,3 out of 5,"Nice size, mild, slight after","Nice size, mild, slight after taste"
Wilde Cigars,4 out of 5,Great Little Smoke,Great Little Smoke
Wilde Cigars,4 out of 5,Good value.,For the money they're a good smoke.
Wilde Cigars,4 out of 5,"Good deal , nice price","Good deal , nice price"
Wilde Cigars,5 out of 5,Coming in just behind Bandidos,"Bought these when someone mentioned them in a Bandidos review. I've now smoked about half of the box of panatelas. I am ever on the search for the ultimate ""cheap"" cigar that's better than the over priced machine rolled variety, and while I still consider bandidos to be there on flavor, these are definitely in the running on price point, with enough flavor to give Bandidos a run. A very nice little cigar for those smoke breaks where a large hand rolled is just a little too much. A little dryer flavor, not too mild, with a straight up natural tobacco profile. Some premium cigars don't taste as good. These will smoke a little longer than the Bandidos as well, and have fewer lighting issues. I will likely be ordering these along with my Bandidos from now on. I'm pleased."
Wilde Cigars,5 out of 5,very good,very good
Wilde Cigars,4 out of 5,Good smoke.,Good smoke. You can't beat it for the price.
Wilde Cigars,5 out of 5,excellent value,excellent value
Wilde Cigars,5 out of 5,Great Smoke,"I got the lancero size and its about the size of a pencil. The burn is perfect but the ash drops under 2 inches. The flavor is really good, better than some boutique smokes I have had. Roughly 25-35 min smoke and worth stocking up on."
Wilde Cigars,5 out of 5,I have ordered these wilde,I have ordered these wilde cigars before. They are as good as before. Size of this cigar matched great with the overall taste. An ace in the hole.
Wilde Cigars,4 out of 5,Good cigar for price,Good cigar for price
Wilde Cigars,4 out of 5,Great quick smoke,Great quick smoke
Wilde Cigars,5 out of 5,The best quick smoke out,The best quick smoke out there full of flavor at such a great price
Wilde Cigars,4 out of 5,Clint Eastwood would love them,"As others have mentioned, they are a little rough in appearance, and some are loosely rolled, but for the money they are a deal. They burn even and have a pleasing tobacco flavor. Not mild but not too strong. I get at least 20 minutes smoking out of each of these. They remind me of the smoke Clint Eastwood smoked in his ""man with no name spaghetti westerns."""
Wilde Cigars,4 out of 5,Wilde cigars panatela,Those cigars are good but the packaging boxes are terrible!!! They don’t close properly and break apart easily.
Wilde Cigars,5 out of 5,Good n cheap,"Not pretty, but great quick smoke at a good price"
Wilde Cigars,4 out of 5,Rustic goodness,"This is a quick burning Panatella, loosely packed and good for an in between smoke. Some peppery notes and a fair amount of smoke production. Rustic in appearance. They burn evenly and stay lit. At the price a very good bargain. I keep a box handy and a humidification tube fits perfectly in the wooden box. A yes buy."
Wilde Cigars,5 out of 5,Great for the money,These are great Cigars. I'm always looking for a quick good cigar and this does the trick. Not the best cigar but great for the money and how quick they are. Will definitely buy again.
Wilde Cigars,4 out of 5,Good knock around smoke.,"Great for a tight window of opportunity and for tinkering around in the garage and yard. Easy draw and consistent burn. Tobacco is sub par, but you do get what you pay for. Definitely worth the smoke."
Wilde Cigars,5 out of 5,Good Smoke,"Excellent draw, good length, mild."
Wilde Cigars,5 out of 5,Good little cigar.,One of my go to cigars but out of stock for months now.
Wilde Cigars,5 out of 5,one of my GoTo cigars for a smoke break,"good panatelas, not the ""prettiest"", definitely not the ugliest but good flavor and perfect size to keep in my cigar carry pack and they take about 20-30 minutes to enjoy. Enough for an extended break. I only wish they could keep enough in stock to completely end the backordered status."
Wilde Cigars,1 out of 5,Not so good,"They were good size, but dry and dull."
Wilde Cigars,3 out of 5,Fair smoke,They are a fair smoke but I found them to go out a little to easy. That being said I'd buy again
Wilde Cigars,5 out of 5,small cigar Big taste,great cigar mild and wild!!!!
Wilde Cigars,5 out of 5,I placed another order for them,Nice quick smoke. Good flavor.
Wilde Cigars,5 out of 5,Wow,good
Wilde Cigars,5 out of 5,Wild Panatla-Great SMoke,"Great little smoke. Good for running around. A little heavy, but still a very good smoke."
Wilde Cigars,5 out of 5,"Great Everyday, All-purpose Cigar!","A great everyday cigar for washing the car, fushing, camping and cleaning the deck."
Wilde Cigars,5 out of 5,The Wilde Panatela,"The Wilde Panatelas: while a little bit rugged are usually pretty well constructed and exactly what I'm looking for while taking a short break or on a short trip to roundup supplies. The WILDE Panatela are a smooth, flavourful relaxing smoke to enjoy when you only have about 10-15 minutes for a quick break. Enjoy!!!"
Wilde Cigars,5 out of 5,"a good, smooth cigar while on a short break or on the go...","The Wilde Panatelas: while a little bit rugged are usually pretty well constructed and exactly what I'm looking for while taking a short break or on a short trip to roundup supplies. The WILDE Panatela are a smooth, flavourful relaxing smoke to enjoy when you only have about 10-15 minutes for a quick break. Enjoy!!!"
Wilde Cigars,5 out of 5,Excellent cigars,These are the best quick smokes available. Full flavor and smooth.
Wilde Cigars,2 out of 5,wouldnt buy again,i liked the taste but as you get towards the end it gets alot stronger and some of the cigars were very dry and brittle and rapper coming off
Wilde Cigars,4 out of 5,nice quick smoke,"Mild cigar, I find enjoyable when you don't have a lot of time. A nice alternative to bandidos"
Wilde Cigars,4 out of 5,Wilde Cigars,A pleasant smoke that leaves a mild after taste.
Wilde Cigars,5 out of 5,The best of the best.!,Love these cigars. Great with tea or coffee.
Wilde Cigars,4 out of 5,Wilde Cigars Panatelas,"I am enjoying the cigars, but they are very dry and brittle."
Wilde Cigars,3 out of 5,A little dry and not very dense,"These are great smokes for the price, but they are a light and very dry (need a lot of time in the humidor). If you're Jonesing ,they will do straight out of the box, however expect a harsh, quick burn..."
Wilde Cigars,4 out of 5,panatela,I personally like the size and for the money they make a good knock about smoke-keep in humidor they are a bit dry
Wilde Cigars,5 out of 5,Butt Ugly but worth the Burn,"I'm a regular buyer. Great for a short smoke when you don't want to fire up your regular smoke. Keep in mind, these are Butt Ugly to look at but for the price they are starting to look like a goddess."
Wilde Cigars,4 out of 5,Wilde Cigars Panatela,THEY ARE A MILD CIGAR.
Wilde Cigars,4 out of 5,Wilde Cigars,"Great little cigar for the price, burns well and has a decent draw on them. I would recommend these for everyday cigars to get outside for a while working or relaxing for a short time. Only complaint is the last 2 boxes came really dry and the paper coming off so trying to let them sit for a few days, hoping that takes care of them. I order a good bit from here and usually never have problems so I was a little disappointed but hopefully they was be ok in a few days."
Wynwood Hills,5 out of 5,Delicious and perfect for a 20-30 minute smoke,"Just once HELLUVA DELICIOUS CIGAR!!!
Do yourself a favor and TRY ONE ALREADY!"
Wynwood Hills,4 out of 5,A very good cigar,"Medium body. Great burn, ash , draw, smell and smoke. Good taste."
Zino Platinum Crown Series,5 out of 5,Great Cigar,I have given these as gifts and smoke for special occasions myself. Simply none better
Zino Platinum Crown Series,5 out of 5,Wonderful,Smooth and mild from start to finish. Took me two hours but it stayed lit with consistent flavor and smooth smoke throughout. Truly enjoyable. I'd smoke more but the pricetag forces me to save them for very special occasions only.
Zino Red Mini Cigarillos,5 out of 5,"Fast shipping, good price, great product.","Zero complaints, easy ordering process and well priced. Thanks!"
Zino Red Mini Cigarillos,3 out of 5,Nice for a quick one,Nice for a quick one
Zino Red Mini Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Gift for husband,These are great in flavor. I would recommend to all those men who love flavor and the convenience.
Zino Red Mini Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Zion mini cigars,Excellent in a ounce when you what the quick cigar. Found that they break very easily
Zino Red Mini Cigarillos,5 out of 5,I'm so excited,"They are sChristmas gift but one I'm over the moon about, can't wait, good deal"
Zino Red Mini Cigarillos,5 out of 5,First time,Love it
Zino Red Mini Cigarillos,5 out of 5,Zino Red Mini Cigarillos,"Zino Red Minis are the best of the cigarillos I've purchased to date. Good tasting and don't have a funny scent in the aroma that I've come to experience in cigarillos thus far. For a tin of 20, the price is comparable to a pack of cigarettes in some states, but by far more enjoyable to smoke."
Zino Red Mini Cigarillos,3 out of 5,For a quick full flavor burn,Much smaller than I prefer but for a cold rainy night huddled under a warning not bad at all.
